dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
2	1	 It is rare to find such a skilled surgeon who really still cares. Dr Echeverri does! There is no doubt he saved my mother's life. When I had to have sugery I asked everyone I knew who worked in surgery or at the hospital who to use and I was told Dr Echeverri over and over again. There is no one better.  	5	2	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
2	1	.  Great guy, just never on time!!!! 	2	1	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	 Overall, if his patients are on time, he is on time! Dr. is so kind to see you in most cases if you are late that it can delay others. The treatment has been very effective compared to my past experience at the Pain Management Center. I was treated there for 24 months and my last treatment landed me in Crestwood. Dr.  Edwards methods has provided relief in a total of 3mos! 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
9	-1	 I will NOT recommend this doctor to any one - over charges the insurance and patient - ineffective treatemt - Knowledgable doctor but like to play the game and use the insurance company well which results in higher co-payment- Charges $700 for a Tens unit that costs $109.00.  	1	1	1	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$240
9	-1	 I would not recommend this doctor to anyone. Costly injections, ineffective treatment,  rude staff. If you have any kind of emergency and want to talk to him, most likely you will be told by his staff that neither does he answer phone calls nor he would call the patient back. He even charges a fee for sending you a bill.  	1	2	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	 The staff and the Doctor are both very friendly. But he is never on time. The wait just to get in a room is over an hour and then another hour just to see. This happens every time I come in. I will not refer any of my family or friends because of this matter.  	4	1	4	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	 My adult daughter and I have both seen Dr. Ekambaran for several years. He found that my daughter had a kidney problem and sent us for the necessary tests. He recently found that I had a heart problem. I now have a stent in my RCA. I appreciate his gift of medicine. When I first began at his clinic I had no insurance...his staff always worked with me. When I got insurance I was still a patient because I believe he knows what he is doing.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	 Very intelligent Dr.  I used him a few years back a couple of times when I lived in Huntsville and I think he runs a great clinic.  He realized I had an infected cyst on my back and had me in surgery the next day with a surgeon he knew.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	 the only problem I have found is the phone system is insufficient for the amount of doctor's in the practice.  You get cut off quite a bit.  	5	3	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
29	-1	comments 	2	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	commentsbeen seeing dr bob for about 10 years.  i'm a 42 year old male, and have quite a bit of experience with various physicians over the years.  so far, dr eaton is my favorite of all. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	 Dr. Eaton is a very helpful and caring doctor.  He does not stop until he finds a cure! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$30
34	1	 I have seen Dr. Eaton on and off for over 3 years. He is always courteous, prompt, and shows genuine concern for his patients.  His gentle tone and bedside manner are what keep me going back when I need a GP 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	1	 Dr. Eaton is friendly, helpful, and took the time to explain my problem and how he would treat it.  He showed genuine compassion and was very caring. He also was EXACTLY correct with my diagnosis, which other doctors seemed to have trouble getting right.  I'll see Dr. Eaton any time.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$20
34	-1	 His nurse told me I was pregnant ... then exclaimed &quot;just kidding!&quot; Dr. EAton told me I probably had diabetes. I insisted it was a UTI, but he said no way. A week later, they still haven't called with the results, so I called THEM. Yup, they had the results, and yup, it was a UTI. They still owe me about $20, three years later. I got tired of leaving messages with the finance clerk. They never get returned. They can keep my $20 if it means I never have to see them again.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:CIGNAPaid/Co-pay:$150
34	-1	.  rude and inconsiderate i will never waste my time with him again 	5	1	1	1	Insurance:CIGNAPaid/Co-pay:$20
34	1	 Dr. Eaton is a to the facts doctor. He is very helpful n shows true caring for your conditions n problems. Gives you a chance to explain all problems n looks in to all problems discussed. I have been seeing him for going on 5 yrs n do not have any problems with him or any of his staff. There are times they are busy n you have to wait but that happens..  	4	3	4	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	-1	 Absolute worst experience with a doctor.Forget the 3 hour wait (rude reception). Tried to shake his hand, he left my arm dangling in the air.Spent less than 10 minutes in the room with me.Dog bite was beyond painful, his crude treatment of it made it excruciating.Asked for injection to deaden it, he refused any pain relief at all during or after even though according to him it would be swollen and sore for the next 5 to 7 days. Instead of properly lancing and cleansing the area to remove the infection, he simply squeezed together the most swollen areas of the infection until it erupted through my skin.I screamed. He dabbed the infection to send to the lab, put Neosporin on me, said to clean and wrap twice a day. He didn't clean out rest of infection,didn't wrap it.Sent me for tetanus shot.That was it.When I questioned him further, he answered with rudeness,gave me prescription for $750 antibiotic that may not be the right one.I left with my hand hurting worse than I came in with.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	-1	 I WENT TO HIM ONCE WITH BRONCHITIS. HAD TO GO BACK TWO MORE TIMES TO FINALLY GET SOME MEDICINE THAT WOULD HELP. SO IT COST ME ABOUT THREE TIMES WHAT IT SHOULD HAVE. DOESN'T WANT TO GIVE YOU WHAT YOU NEED TO GET BETTER. HAS HIS OWN IDEAS, WHATEVER THEY ARE. I HAVE HAD CHRONIC BRONCHITIS SO I KNEW WHAT I NEEDED. BUT HE WOULDN'T LISTEN TO ME. THERE SEEMS TO BE A NEW GENERATION OF DOCTORS THAT ARE VERY CONSERVATIVE.  		3	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$20000
34	-1	 VERY unconcerned about my problem. Visit felt like an assembly line where quantity of patients mattered - not the quality of care. I was so disappointed in my morning visit that I called and asked to speak to Dr. Eaton or his nurse. The nurse returned my phone call, but my problem was dismissed. I was simply told to &quot;wait a few days for the medication to work&quot;. Translation - &quot;We don't care and if you don't like it, then you can pay for ANOTHER office visit and $$$ drugs to see a different doctor in the group&quot;. I even told the nurse that I felt like this was poor patient care. I have yet to receive a phone call from the doctor (nor do I expect to). Dr. Eaton dismissed my concerns, my complaints and has shown to be equally unconcerned about answering follow-up issues with his &quot;patients&quot;.  		1	1	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	1	.  Very good physician and very understanding 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	1	 Wonderful and friendly.  He is attentive but sometimes I don't feel like he is &quot;listening&quot; and comprehending my problems 	3	5	2	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
46	1	 Dr. Eberly gives my children a head to toe exam with each visit. I love that!  My children love his easy manner and he always fully educates me on any condition he may find.  I highly recommend him.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
46	1	commentsHaving preemies has required us to have a close relationship between us and our children's pediatrician.  I feel that we have a mutual respect for each other and he has always taken our concerns seriously.  I am grateful for the fact that he knows when it is time to see a specialist and is always able to direct us where we should go.  To sum it up, I trust him with our children's lives. 	3	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	 Very compassionate doctor and staff. They really cared for my family. Dr. Ekwo once picked us up when I was stranded to ensue that I did not miss my appointment.  I will recommend him to any sick person 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
52	1	commentsThe best in the state. Saved my life and my husband's too. Top notch! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	 This guy takes the time needed to explain what is going on.  He knows what he is doing and he has helped me retain quantity and quality life.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
53	1	.  He is an amazing OBGYN very caring! I've been seening im over 10 years now and he deliever my first child- during the pregnacy my mother passed away and he was very encouraging in a time of need! He is a wonderful doctor! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
53	1	 I have been using Dr. Edwards for a little over 12 years. He is the most caring Doctor I have ever had. I highly recommend him.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
53	1	 Dr. Edwards pretty much gets you in fairly quickly once you sign in. He always has time for you and makes you feel very comfortable and not rushed. He treats you like a friend instead of just a patient and will pull up a chair beside you to talk to you instead of just sitting behind a big desk in front of you. Always kind and just a wonderful human being. He shows that he really cares about you and wants what is best for you. I would never in a million years even THINK about going to another doctor.  He is the absolute BEST!! I just love him!!! :) 		4	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
53	1	commentsHe does make you feel like you are his only patient. I know he is busy, but he always seems to have time to come in and pull up a chair and takes the necessary time. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	 Over the past 11 years, Dr. Edwards has felt like family. He makes you feel that you are his only patient.  		5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
58	-1	.  Very uncaring and not friendly or helpful during the visit which was for a very serious condition 	5	2	1	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
58	1	 Dr. Eiland has been our family eye doc for many years and has provided consistently fine service and excellent care. Highly recommended.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
58	1	commentsAfter being diagnosed by another doctor as having DETACHED RETINAS, Dr Eiland removed my mother's CATARACTS, which was totally unnecessary, as her vision was NOT improved by this surgery. I went to have my eyes examined for a new pair of glasses. Let me state that this was late on a Friday afternoon and perhaps I should have scheduled my appointment earlier in the week, or earlier in the day. Anyway, Dr Eiland's assistant checked the Rx on the glasses I was wearing and set up the machine to check my vision. Dr Eiland came in and started the eye exam. You know the procedure, &quot;Which is clearer, this or this&#63;&quot; I replied that neither one was clear. Evidently she thought I was SENILE! She continued on with the exam on both eyes. She NEVER checked to be sure that her equipment set was up properly. I was NOT given a Rx for new glasses. I had to call in the following Monday and after receiving it I discovered that Dr Eiland's assistant had REVERSED the Rx for my right and left eye! 		5	5	3	Insurance:Unknown
59	-1	 we waited four hours to see this doctor and when he came in to see us he only spent 5 minutes with us.   He started off telling us how he couldn't help us 	3	1	1	1	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
62	1	 Very kind and totally patient oriented. He goes out of his way to help his patients , he has even made house calls to my elderly family members.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	1	.  He is the best 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	1	 Knowledgeable about my problem. Office staff and doctor were very nice. Didn't have to wait a long time to get an appointment.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	0	commentsI accompanied my parent to a meeting with the doctor.  Time is definitely not of essence for Dr Ebaugh.  We waited over 90 MINUTES for a 10 minute exam.  No consideration at all.  Her explanation &quot;I do the best I can&quot;.  If making her patients wait is the best she can do, I'd hate to see what it's like to overachieve. 	4	1	3	3	Insurance:Unknown
69	-1	 She was rude and mean.  I believe she has a prejudice against fat people.  I quickly found a new physician.  My new doctor is alot more caring and she listens. Ebaugh doesn't listen.  	3	1	1	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	-1	 My husband was in a nursing home to recover from surgery. Dr. Ebaugh talked to him as if he had dementia. Her medical exam consisted of placing a stethoscope in the center of his chest. That was it! She changed his medication without notifying him or his wife (me). I was very disappointed with the service.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	1	 Dr. Ebaugh is very knowledgeable and always shows the utmost concern for her patients' well-being.  She is one of those rare doctors that will still sit and listen to everything you have to say and will answer all of your questions.  She is extremely helpful and goes above and beyond to make sure that you leave her office knowing that you have received excellent treatment.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$30
69	-1	commentsnever on time 	1	1	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	 I see Dr. Savage-Edwards for treatment of my migraine headaches and carpal tunnel syndrome. She has always been very professional and caring. Her staff is professional, and I like that I can see both her and her nurse practitioner. I get the same care at her office that I would get in a University setting. The only complaint I have is that the office can be a bit chilly at times, so I usually bring a sweater.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$20
73	1	 I was reading the other comments posted and i can say they are a bunch of bull. I am a long time patient of both Dr. Belinda Savage-Edwards and Dr. Ted Edwards and they are the most professional and sweetest people you could meet. I have also been in the healthcare industry for the past 28 years and worked in multiple Dr. offices and can honestly say this is one of the most pleasant offices i have been in . the staff is very pleasant and the Dr's have been very helpful and caring and have changed the quality of my life for the best with the treatment they give me. Unfortantly on these site's anyone can post what they feel like even disgruntled past employees, and as with any buisness there will be problems, but as far as i see this is one of the few offices i have been in where everyone is smiling and interact like family and im glad to be part of it....  Rose 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
73	-1	 They have the highest turn over rate of employees ot of all of the docters offices I have ben to.  If you cannot keep employees there is a big problem and the big problem is Dr. SavageEdwards.  After coming to her office for the last 3 years I can count about 18 employees that have come and gone.  It's time for her to look at her management style, it is obvious that she does not know how to treat her staff or she would not have to keep hiring new people.  She was mad one day cause there wasn't staff there and she was walking around screaming for someone to call a temp. service and to GET SOME PEOPLE in there right away.  Her poor husband is goofy and whipped, he doe what she says.  She wears the pants and problay has a bigger D**k than he does.  YOU THE MAN DR. SavageEdwards.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Tricare
73	-1	 I have not been satisfied with her since day one.  the only person in the office worth dealing with is the NP, Laura.  I am an MS patient, and am currently in agony due to a relapse that is causing severe eye pain and a migraine.  They will not let me speak to anyone over the phone without first leaving a message for a nurse to call back, and I am still waiting.  I'm going to be finding another neurologist and MS specialist.  I'm sick of being treated like a second rate client.  	3	2	2	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
73	0	 I always see the NP. If and when the doctor comes in she only stays for 5 minutes. She is always booked out months in advance because she doesn't work every day. I have had alot of appointments rescheduled due to the doctor being out of the office. I do not think this is fair to me so I am going to find another doctor. I will NOT refer any of my friends/family to that office.  	4	3	1	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
73	0	 Two insurances yet I still owe more they state. They even shared that info with a third party who was not relevant to the situation or related to my visit in anyway. That concerns me that they can disclose patient information like that.  		3	2	3	Insurance:Tricare
73	-1	 Have seen this doctor about 2 times for a total of MAYBE 5 minutes total for both visits. Was always put with a nurse practitioner. Suffer from severe migraines over 50% of the month with no help from medication. Then starting this past September they moved offices and so they had to reschedule me at the very last minute and then that one had to be rescheduled and then they FORGOT to reschedule that one. Then when I called to see when my appointment was they didn't have anything for 2 1/2 months so I took that and then that too had to be rescheduled but I said don't worry about it as I had just found out I was pregnant. Will be going to see a different doctor after the baby is born. For now, massage therapy will have to do.  		1	1	1	Insurance:Tricare
75	1	commentsgreat saff and the doctor very helpful and knowledgeable, highly recomend. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
75	1	 I recently injured my ankle while playing sports and went to see Dr. Echenique. I am glad I will be able to play again because of him.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
76	-1	commentsBAD,,,VERY VERY BAD!!!!!! 		1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
82	-1	commentsIf you are breastfeeding, beware!!  A friend warned me beforehand that he pushed her into supplementing with formula, and she quickly lost her supply.  She asked him for help in returning to 100% breastmilk and he said, &quot;It's just formula, what's the big deal&#63;&quot;  Having been warned about him, we were prepared when we took our 2-week old in for a checkup.  I had had an IV during the birth which artificially bumped up my baby's birth weight (his 24-hour weight was a pound and a half less than his birth weight.)  He said my baby hadn't gained enough weight since birth and that we needed to switch to formula since I'm obviously not good at making milk.  I knew better and we never took our son back.  Dr Ebba may be a good ped but he needs to learn how to support breastfeeding mothers AND he needs to look at the baby, not the scale!  I recommend he take a good breastfeeding course or read something by Dr Jack Newman before giving advice on feeding newborns. 	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	 This man is wonderful. My son was born early and still needs a lot of attention. If I bring in one of my other children, he asks about the ones at home and how they are doing and if I need anything. He is amazing. I would recommend this doctor to anybody that is pregnant or needs a pediatrician. He is awesome and ALWAYS gets things done. He always fixes my children when they are sick and Tylenol or Motrin just won't do it. I have a high respect for this man and always will.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
82	1	commentsi love that man! he never makes you feel rushed, (although it takes a bit to see him, he does take a while with his patients)and he spends at least 30 minutes with my son each time we go. he has called me at home several times when i needed to speak to him and i recommend him to all of my pregnant friends. He is a wonderful doctor 	5	3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
82	-1	commentsdo not reccomend!!! he refused to see my baby and i ended up taking her to another Dr that put her in hospital instantly!!! he refuses to see sick kids.....then when they are very sick and need to be hospatilaized he still does nothing......take your baby somewhere else 		5	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	commentsDr. Ebba is the best pediatric doctor around. He really cares about your child and my daughter loves him. He is not like most baby docs that have too many scheduled at one time you wait maybe 20 min at most in waiting room then they call you back.but if your child is sick you are called back instantly and put in a room you wait your turn in there but your well baby is not exposed to sick children. and he has sick exam rooms and well exam rooms so you dont have to worry about a sick child that was just in that room where your well baby now sits..he will take all the time in the world for you to express your concerns and questions you are not rushed at all. my daughters dad is a diabetic and he asks how he is doing every visit. he just goes out of his way to be an excellent DR. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
83	1	comments 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	 Very professional, and concerned with your health, the wait is a little long sometimes, but he spends alot of time with each patient.  I highly recommend him!! 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
87	1	.  The BEST !!!  Concerned, compassionate, professional and friendly!!  Can highly recommend!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
90	1	commentsExcellent doctor. He did surgery on my husband and was excellent. My husband had another doctor do the same procedure before and the experience was horrible. Dr. Eagan did a wonderful, precise job and was very efficient. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
90	1	 Dr. Eagan is a great doctor. He takes time with each patient.  		5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$3000
91	1	 Dr. Eich was one of very few doctors that seemed concerned about my onset of double vision.  He referred me to the eye foundation and contacted my neurologist immediately. I would recommend him to anyone.  He is very professional.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
91	1	commentsSometimes Dr.Eich is a little short on bedside manner, or perhaps I should say slightly impatient. He is very knowledgeable. The only complaint I have is that the parking is not very close and there is a very long walk from the front of the Professional Office building(BMC Princeton) to where the elevators are located at the rear of the building. However, there are golf-type carts available to carry patients from the parking lot and also attendents with wheel chairs are provided. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
