dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	great with my kids made them for get a about want he was doing and became a friend ....wonderful dentist....  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	-1	can never see DR.TAYLOR.The person I see does not know what kind of treatment I have been getting. and they want to change it around. it is like a new ball game. last 3 times i was there, they were out of this shot I get.I am about ready to call it quits. So many do not work there any more. Lab lady, front desk lady, nurses, all replaced.  	2	1	2	2 	Insurance:Medicare
3	1	Dr. Lewis -Thomas is very thorough in her exams and diagnosis. Takes the time to listen to you.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
3	1	Dr. Lewis-Thomas' bedside manner is outstanding but more importantly, she actually listens to the patient. Not all physicians possess the ability to listen but by doing so, visits with Dr. Lewis-Thomas are enhanced and more productive in terms of the overall result that I and my children experience after seeing her. She is very thorough, takes the time necessary for diagnosis and her knowledge of medicine is exactly what I expect and hope to find in a physician. My impression from the beginning has been that this physician chose medicine for all the right reasons. She has returned calls on weekends, in the evenings, etc. whenever we have had a problem or needed help, even with relatively minor health concerns. ** I should note that Dr. Lewis-Thomas' staff typically does not contact patients if test results are normal. This is clearly posted on the wall in the waiting area at her office. In my experience, this is typical of most doctors.  		3	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	-1	She has good bedside manner. Too bad she can't apply that to her medical ability. She is a nice lady but ... some people just don't need to be doctors. She does NO follow up on tests. Not unless you call and ask for one.  		3	2	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	We have used Dr.Thorne since my children were babies; now they are adults and Dr. Thorne still see's my youngest who is 19 and he also now see's my grandchildren!  We love him and he is always there when we need him! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	Dr. Thorne has been our pediatrician for years. He has wonderful bed side manners and really cares about his patients. I would recommend (and have) to anyone.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	Having moved to this area from a much larger city, I was very nervous about the care my son would receive when we had to take him to the emergency room one night before having found a pediatrician here. We were so very fortunate that Dr. Thorne was the pediatrician who was on call and visited my son in his hosppital room the next morning. He quickly became our choice pediatrician. Not only was he thorough in checking out my son's symptoms and talking with the other doctors who had seen him the night before, but he actually sat and attentively listened while we described what we, as parents had seen my son going through. Much unlike another doctor in the emergency room the night before, who if we had heeded his advice, my son would no longer be with us, Dr. Thorne was sincerely concerned with making sure we had a proper diagnosis and (again, unlike the other doctor) did not proceed with anything without discussing and explaining, in detail to us first what he wanted to do.  A real GEM! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
4	1	Best pediatrician in town-no doubt the most knowledgeable.  Great with the kids, they ask to &quot;go see Dr. Thorne&quot;.  Makes going to the doctor so much easier.  Excellent nurse also:)  Always returns your calls, highly recommend! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	Dr Thorne is wonderful.  He loves children and does a wonderful job.   I will use him until he thinks my children are too old to come to him!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	I was so concerned when Dr. Thorne went on leave, we need good caring doctors like him.  I was so thankful that he is back.  He is wonderful!  Not only does he return phone calls, you can call and ask for his nurse and he will pick up the phone.  He is a kind caring doctor and I tell everyone I know about him.  He and Suzanne have always been great with my kids.  We have been patients of his for about 7 years and will continue with him as long as he will have us.  He is very understanding and caring of all my children.  You can tell he loves his job and he loves kids.  There is no other doctor any better in my opinion. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	Dr. Thorne is the best pediatrician you can have. He makes you feel comfortable and calm when things get scary. He is always available when i am concerned. He returns calls asap even when he is out of town or on a weekend. He has never been innappropriate with me or my many friends who bring their children to see him. We are blessed to have him back in our community.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
4	1	Dr. Larry E. Thorne is one of the best pediatric physicians. He is attentive & compassionate about his patients. My son has been hospitalized on several occassions & Dr. Thorne has always been there to reassure him that it was ok, even if he wasn't the admitting physician. He always follows his instincts which are usually correct which is comforting. Only physicians that calls your home to check on his patients and also allows you to call him at home. Lee County, AL is blessed to have such a fine doctor in our community.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	This good ole boy is the best pediatrician we ever had!  Sadly, we moved from Auburn, but this man was so good to my children.  He is not afflicted with so many annoying qualities most doctors possess.  His bedside manner is hilarious, but he is an excellent doctor, and I am a skeptic of a lot of them.  He does not just throw antibiotics at you, but will recheck your child at no cost in a few days if the illness does not subside and you want a recheck.  My two little asthmatics were healthier under his care than any other time.   Trust him! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	Dr. Thorne has been my backup pediatrician for almost 10 years now. He's a blast and really cares about the well-being of children.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	-1	RUDE and no help at all.  Does NOT want to give any medicine at all no matter how sick your child is! 	5	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
4	1	Dr. Thorne makes pediatrician visits fun!  It may sound far-fetched but my children love going to the pediatrician.  Dr. Thorne is relaxed and friendly and puts his patients at ease.  It is obvious that he enjoys his career and loves children.  I know that my children are in good hands with Dr. Thorne.  The Lee Pediatrics facility is beautiful and clean with plenty of seating.  The wait is never too long and the nurses and other staff are always friendly and efficient.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	Dr. Thornton has helped me with gout. I had been to other doctors in the area and no one seemed to know what was wrong with me. Now im gout free. Thank you Dr.  Thornton 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
5	-1	Dr. did not know what was causing my pain talked me into surgery to only find oout it was a foot wart,so I had foot surgery for a wart.  Billing has been a nightmare I keep getting random bills tried to get them sorted out only to be told I had to fax a question in to the Dr.'s office and they would send it in for me that they do not have  billing in their office. Not satisfied at all.  	1	5	3	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	1	I think Dr. Warren Thompson is one of the best in the world. First of all he is kind, and very knowlegeable in the field of ophthalmology. He is someone that I would trust in treating any desease of the eye that I might encounter. There may be those that  are old like me that may interested in knowing that his office is on Health West, which is on the east side of Flowers Emergency Room. I highly recommend Dr. Warren Thompson and staff to anyone that may be in need of eye care. Earl D. Matthews 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	-1	.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	Recommended therapist that was not helpful.  Probably best with children, but not very helpful with late adolescents. 	4	4	3	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	He always went above and beond call of duty - he took time to explain the desease and procedure for my vascular surgery.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	1	I thought Dr. Taylor was very thorough in explaining the procedure. He did a good job, but was a little late in getting to the OR. 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	-1	He did not answer my questions and was always in a rush to leave.  		1	1	3 	Insurance:Medicare
9	1	Doctor Takacs is a very knowledgeable physician, who is always straight forward with you about all the different choices you may have either during difficult times (Gyn and OB) and/or under happy circumstances.  She listens and you will most likely enjoy her sense of humor :) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	1	I just had my first visit with Dr. Thomas. I really liked her a lot. She is very thorough and listened to me with interest and concern and made notes. Seemed genuinely concerned. Her nurse (Marlene) is wonderful as well. I highly recommend.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	1	Been seeing Dr. Thomas since 1995. She exhibits genuine concern & care for her patients.  	5	4	5	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	0	Attitude and communication were problematic. Requested, but did not receive test results.  	2	3	2	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	1	I have been going to Dr. Thomas since 1993. It was in 1994 that I went to her very sick and she diagnosed me before she had the test results back. SHE WAS RIGHT! She is absolutely the best internal medicine dr. I have ever had.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	1	Dr. Teachey is a great doctor.  He has a good bedside manner and explains everything that is going on.  He is very knowledgeable about his field of practice.  He has put tubes in my kids ears (twice), and done nose surgery on my husband.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	1	Great doctor and very good with my children.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	1	overall, wonderful experience!  She spent more time with me than most doctors.  Answered all my questions.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	-1	Worst staff in my 47 years of going to doctors, including military.  I am sure that the doctors are competent as I was referred to them by a highly regarded Pharma Rep. Both front desk workers are unprofessional, rude, condecending and highly incompetent. After wating for 75 minutes, they couldn't even admit they made a mistake after talking with BC/BS concerning coverage. Told me I would have to pay for my annual physical. I hope the doctors fix it because the staff are a direct reflection of them.  Also, Dr. Traffenstedt is NOT accepting new patients as shown above.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	1	Dr. Traffanstedt is the best primary care physician I have ever had.  She always listens, takes her time, asks questions and doesn't seem rushed.  She always takes into account your insurance and cost concerns and tries to factor those into your treatments to get the best cost effective result for her patients.  She is geniunely concerned about her patients and their health and LISTENS.  If she doesn't know something she says so and makes an effort to learn about or refer you to someone who does know rather than pretend she knows it all.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
12	1	Dr. Traffanstedt cared for my Mom until her death in 2008.  She was the most caring, compassionate, and thorough I have ever known.  I would recommend anyone to her.  She is a wonderful person.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	1	Dr. Traffanstedt is incredible!!!  She and her staff are so caring and really take an interest in their patients.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	1	I've used him since 1981 and always been pleased with him.He's like family. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	-1	.  	 2/16/12	4	2	1	Insurance:Tricare
14	1	I have been going to Dr. Tallent for 6 years and never had an issue. His staff is friendly and knowledgeable and Dr. Tallent has always been helpful and listens to any concerns. He has never steared me wrong, he delivered my first child and I hope in the future he will deliver anymore that I may have. I highly recommend him and his staff.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	He is fast in a good way, meaning you don't have to wait forever when you go in for an appt.  He always takes time to answer all of my questions. Also he is one of the first OB's to really listen to me when I explained the way I was feeling.  I would always recommend him. He has delivered 2 of my children.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	Dr. Tallent was SO WONDERFUL for my OB care. He was prompt, helpful, and my labor and delivery (induction) was easy and PAINLESS.  I definitely recommend him! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
14	1	. This doctor is wonderful! He keeps a close watch on me during my pregnancy! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	I have always been pleased with the care received in Dr.Tallent's office. Sometimes I wait, sometimes I am seen quickly. It is the nature of the business. I recommend him to all my friends 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	LOVE LOVE LOVE Dr Tallent, he is THE BEST!!! The most laid back Dr. I have ever known.  Such a joker too! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
14	1	Dr. Tallent is fantastic.  During my 4th month of pregnancy, I had a routine ultrasound.  I was immediately sent to the hospital.  Dr. Tallent met me there and I had to have a cerclage as I was about 5cm dilated.  He took excellent care of me and had my cerclage done that same day.  I had weekly visits and he was very understanding and helpful.  Without Dr. Tallent, I would have lost my 5th child during my 4th month.  He took extra time with my children and husband--and made sure to let us spend extra time in the OR when it was time for my section.  Sure, he has to move fast, but he ALWAYS took time to answer any questions and make me feel comfortable.  I knew that he ALWAYS had my best interest at hand.  His staff is fantastic.  They are never rude and always want to help.  You can not do wrong by choosing Dr. Eric Tallent! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	I have been a patient for 8 years.  He has taken great care of me.  I recommend him to others.  Although he is very busy and can run behind, he always takes time to answer all of my questions and be sure I am taken care of.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	Dr. Tallent is very professional and down to earth. His #1 concern was always my health and the health of my unborn child. He delivered all 3 of my children and I would highly recommend him.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	-1	This doctor loves unnesesary C-sections.  He is not up to date in medical reserch. He told me that I could not possibly have a VBAC so I went with another doctor and successfuly had my baby naturally without the need of CS.  For my own experience and others that I have heard Dr. Tallent just wants to perform surgery without any need.   Be aware! 	4	1	1	3 	Insurance:Tricare
14	1	He has always done his best to take very good care of me. During both of my pregnancies and other procedures I have had.  HE IS AN AMAZING DR!! LOVE HIM!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	With my first child he seemed to always be in a hurry, but if I had questions he stayed until I was happy. Towards the end of my pregnancy he stayed in the room longer and was all about &quot;mommy&quot; at the end.  He answered every question I could think up.  I did not like him at first and thought about changing dr's, but he was great!  My family has been using him since he practiced in Florence AL.  I would recommend him to anyone.  I like the in and out at yearly visits.   I want those over with as quickly as possible! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	He is wonderful!  He treats you like he is your friend and not just your Dr.  He delievered my son by c-section and did a terrific job.  My incision scar is barely noticable.  His staff is very friendly and helpful when you call. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	Dr. Tallent is quick and usually in and out fast but, if you need him to stay with you longer he will. He has never left me before I was done with him. I have had routine visits that last a couple minutes and complicated visits that have lasted an hour. I like his character very much but if you are someone who needs a slow, calm, quiet hand holder, Dr Tallent is not that person.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	-1	Good Dr when you have a BABY but not good when you have problems. Went to him very upset told me and my husband I need to go see a psych Dr. I was very hurt went to him for almost 10 years.  	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	Dr. Tallent is the best!  When I was faced with a very unplanned c-section in the middle of the night, he was right there and took time to comfort me and calm me down and answer all my questions.  He has always been a wonderful doctor to me.  I have been going to him since 2001.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	I switched to him when I was 20 weeks pregnant with my doctor. I wished I had switched long before! I love his staff too! They are all so nice!! For one appointment, I was a work in to get my IUD and had to wait for over an hour (I Have never had to wait for him before or after.) Even that appointment was pleasant. He always answers all my questions and has an excellant bedside manner in the hospital.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	BEEN GOING TO HIM FOR YEARS, HE'S WORTH THE DRIVE 45 MILES, WORKED WITH ME ON PMS AND HYSTERECTOMY COVERAGE. WONDERFUL BEDSIDE MANNER HE DOES SEEM TO GET BUSIER AND BUSIER WHICH MEANS HES GOOD, MAYBE HE NEEDS TO STOP TAKING ANY NEW PTS OR VOCUS ON OB OR GYN. I HOPE GYN.  	4	2	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	0	Great doctor unless there's something wrong with the baby. Sent me to a specialist then ignored the specialist recommendations. During normal appointments afterwards, he's in and out in less than five minutes and doesn't want to discuss it.  		5	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	Dr. Tallent delivered my baby girl by C-section. He did an outstanding job, and the incision is almost perfectly straight and hardly noticable. He is very straight foward and easy to talk to.  His office staff is really nice, too! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	Has a very good bedside manner, makes you feel comfortable. Takes the time to explain meds to you or takes the time to listen to what you have to say. Been going to him for over 18 years and have enjoyed him.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	Great doctor. Carefully attends to all your needs, big or small.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	Very wonderful Doctor. Excellant bedside manner, friendly and wonderful to talk too. Feels like a good friend and explains everything so a person can understand.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	1	. Good doctor 	3	2	4	4 	Insurance:Veterans Administration
16	1	Have been a pt since 2004 and he is by far the best Neuro I have seen and I have been to several with my Epilepsy. He is kind and compassionate.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	-1	Not satisfied.  Office staff was awful to deal with and very unfriendly.  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	Has his own big clinic; lots of Lasic surgery 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	-1	.  	 3/2/12	1	1	1	Insurance:Medicare
19	1	I can only relate my experience. This guy was the god we patients want all doctors to be.  He was kind, admitted that he wasnt sure what the problem was but to try this particular medicine.  It worked almost immediately.  After 6 months of suffering from  bumfuzzled doc to inneffective doc, this was a much welcomed miracle.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	He's the best GI doctor in Huntsville. I just love him, find him very helpful and find the first post to be very untrue! He has the most kind and gentle spirit.. he is VERY smart!! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
19	1	He is very nice and is one of the best doctors. He listens and is very caring. My family doctor refered me to him for an upper endoscopy and for my acid reflux and he was great. He explains things to you, and I felt very comfortable with him doing the proceedure. He is also my Mom's doctor and she thinks he is great. He doesn't recommend unneccesary surgery like a previous poster said. From my experience, my mom's experience, and from others, I have never heard of him doing such a thing! He will tell you everything he can to help you. I highly recommend him, he is an excellent doctor.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	This doctor has the best bedside manner of all the doctors I have been too. He is friendly, knowledgeable, and genuinly cares about his patients. Highly recommended!!! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	-1	Didn't fix my problem. IMHO ordered unneccessary surgery. Kept me on expensive drugs for months on end and when that didn't work, blew me off and said I'll just have to learn to live with it. Charges an arm and a leg to have him grace you with his presence for 5 minutes, and 3 of those minutes was spent yaking on the phone with his broker. I was totally unimpressed with this doctor, he should go back to Germany. 		3	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
20	-1	Has no idea how to treat elderly patients. never calls patients pesonally. does not consult well with other doctors.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
21	1	Dr. Rick Thornton, DPM travels to nursing homes and assisted living centers in AL,TN, and GA and does a great job on the residents feet at NO CHARGE! Insurance picks up the whole bill.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	1	This has been my doctor for over ten years and I can say he is one of the BEST docks on the block. He is a good Christian person and has operated on me at least 23 times after injuries and is an outstanding surgeon. I just cant say enough aabout this doc. AWESOME!!!!! Good work John(JM Elzey) 	 1/14/10	5	5	5	Insurance:Workers Comp
22	1	Very professional, personable and competent. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	-1	After the diagnose she told me to lose 50 pounds and come back in see her.   The issue makes it extremely difficult to lose weight, I don't want to use drugs that make ur hair fall out and possible give you heart failure! 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Assurant
23	1	I LOVE Dr. Tamucci!!!  She is really warm and personable which is welcomed considering how personal these type of appointments are. I love the nurses also. I wish I still lived in the area because I was very pleased with my experience. I was delivered by Dr. J.M. Straughn and my mom still goes to him. I preferred a woman GYN and Dr. T is it! She talks options and provides information that you want/need.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	I have bee a patient of Dr. Tammuci for the past 11 years. Afer having difficulites conceiving among other health issues she was able to determine the root of the problem. During this point in my life she was always encouraging in which gave me hope. We finally delivered a healthy baby girl in 2005 and she was just as excited as we were. She is caring and knoweledgable and I am at complete satisfaction with the quality of care she provides. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	THE best doctor! Could not ask for anyone better.. Her nurses are great too! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	I had a hysterectomy because of fibroids.  I had not been to the doctor in years, and chose Dr. Tamucci.  I would not go anywhere else now.  She is wonderful, caring, knowledgeable, understanding, helpful, and as far as I am concerned the greatest.  I notice she is moving her practice, and I will go wherever she goes. If you want a great doctor, go see Dr. Tamucci.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	Dr.  Tamucci is great! I have been using her as a gyno for several years but after becoming pregnant, I love her even more! I am a diabetic and she has made sure that this pregnancy has gone as smooth as possible! Can't wait to deliver a healthy baby girl in 2 weeks! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	Dr.  Tamucci has been my OB/GYN for 4 years now, and I love her - could not ask for a better physician 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	I adore Dr. Tamucci; the only problem I have been having is with the insurance. The person filing the insurance has filed mine wrong several times and now because of that I have a delinquent fee. And because of that, I can't see Dr. Tamucci for appointments unless it is taken care of. My mom has called the office to get the insurance taken care of SEVERAL times on my behalf and they still filed it wrong. GREAT doctor, but the person filing insurance is preventing me from taking care of my medical needs, including PCOS and a pituitary tumor.  	3	4	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	Dr. Tamucci has been my GYN for 4 years. She is a very kind and caring doctor and I would recommend her services to any woman.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	I have treated with Dr. Tamucci each time I was pregnant.  The first time ended in a miscarriage and I had to have surgery.  The second resulted in a healthy baby girl, and now I am pregnant again.  I have had many difficulties during pregnancy and delivery and I have always felt that I was receiving excellent care.  Dr. Tamucci is very knowledgeable and a caring physician.  I would highly recommend her. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	Love Dr. Tamucci!  After years of trying to concieve, it was a relief to have a DR. that was as excited as I was to finally be pregnant.  I had some complications during delivery, and it was scary, but she did her job, and did it well.  2 years after delivery, I am having problems, and she is working hard with me to get them resolved.  Highly reccommended.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	0	I was not too happy with the care of this particular MD. I feel as if things went down hill once I was in her care. Maybe we both were having a bad, I don't know..and others may have had better days with her.  I can't speak for everybody about the type of doctor she is all together, it just didn't work for me 	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	Wow! She is great. She really cared about me during my pregnancy, as well as after.  I felt I was in top notch hands 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	Dr. Tamucci has been a life saver for me. I feel like I have found the place that I need to be after having had a bad experience elsewhere. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	Dr. Talbert is a very caring doctor who actually listens to what you are saying and does not try to force any unnecessary treatment on you. He is an excellent surgeon, very professional, and is willing to go the extra mile for his patients. Because of him I have my athletic life back and two years ago I never thought that was possible. If you have any type of spine/back issues, this is the guy to go to. He only uses surgery as a last resort. I am very thankful to him and his wonderful staff.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	-1	Dr Tormoen might be a good doctor for colds, flu,... minor stuff.  I have major medical problems and she had no knowledge of my conditions... basically told me that it was all in my head when my neurologist says she crazy.  She even talked down about other doctors that I had seen.  To be honest.... I wouldn't take my dog back to her.  	5	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	She is like talking to your Family,Best Doctor i have ever seen....  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:AARP
25	1	The very best Doctor I have seen in years..... so very understanding and caring 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	Dr. Tormoen is very thorough in her treatment of  patients and is always friendly an approachable. She always gives the feeling of genuine concern for the well being of her patients.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
26	1	Dr. Tomalty listened to my concerns and carefully explained my options, then recommended a plan of action.  He was very pleasant and interested.  I would definitely recommend Dr. Tomalty, along with his amazing Nurse Practitioner, Mrs. Frazier.  I am truly thankful for his expertise and his compassion toward his patients!  May God bless Dr. Tomalty and Mrs.  Frazier! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
27	0	he is an Endodontist who left a surgical file in the root of my tooth and let me leave his office. When I returned a week later in pain it had absessed, he still did not tell me the problem and filed my crown down to nothing thinking it was out of line. I went to my regular dentist who sent me to another endodontist that informed me of the file in my tooth. When I called Thomas and told him he agreed to pay for having it removed and he sent me to Newton Burton an oral surgeon. When he was told Thomas would be paying for it he went to the back and called him and sent me away with an antibiotic. Many weeks of pain insued after the antibiotics wore off. I didnt know who to trust anymore so I went to another oral surgeon who immediately did an apicoectomy and took half the root. After two years and three oral surgeries I lost the entire tooth and now have a post with a crown. HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE... INCOMPETENT MAN 	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	-1	Out of all the doctors I have ever met (and my family is full of rude doctors), Dr. Tooson is absolutely the rudest, least professional, and least interested doctor I have ever met. He struck me as the kind of person who became a doctor to flirt with nurses (he has an awful reputation for this, thisis why I initially specified that I wanted to see any doctor from his practice other than Dr. Dewayne Tooson, because I had already heard of his reputation for laziness and unprofessional behavior). Much to my dismay, when I went to GI Associates of West Alabama, despite requesting anyone but Dr. Tooson, I ended up having to see Dr. Tooson for my chronic stomach conditions (which are quite violent and plainly evident). Dr. Julius Dewayne Tooson did not attempt to treat my symptoms, gave me nothing for my daily vomiting and diarrhea, didnt even tell me to change my diet for that matter! After my operation, he didnt even tell me how it went.  You are better off going to WebMD than this quack 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	need a credit card machine in the office. other than that she is helpful 	 5/27/09	3	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
30	-1	long waits past appt time to see doc. inadequate and inaccurate assesment. did not feel she listened to or believed my concerns despite previous medical records. did not have results of tests at appts made specifically to discuss tests. Had to call repeatedy to get results months after tests performed.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	1	Very nice. Great bedside manner. I felt like he really wanted to get me well.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	1	THE BEST Retina specialist in Bham!! HIGHLY HIGHLY recommend this doctor.  Unlike most physicians, Dr. Thomley is extremely compassionate.  He is very knowledgable in his field &amp; responsive when you have an emergency. Dr. Thomley takes the time to explain your eye issues and answer any questions. Do not hesitate to go to this eye doctor.  Our family is always most impressed with his manners and kindness (something most doctors lack in this day and age).  You may have a long wait at his office (but this is routine with most opthamologists. ) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	1	I have been seeing Dr. Thomas for a year now for osteoarthritis.  On my first visit he spent some time talking to me in his office.  I also a lot of lab work done and x-rays.  He was very pleasant during the exam and answered my questions.  I prescribed meloxicam which has been very helpful.  I am very pleased with  him as my doctor.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	-1	I used Dr. Thomas because my doctor relocated and this office kept my records.  I had an MRI done on Monday and after repeated call the nurse aknowledged on Thursday they had the report but the doctor would not be in the office until Friday and at that time would give me his recommendations.  But during this time my pain level is at a 10 and I can't get any help.  	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	1	Dr. Thomas is a great doctor.  I left another rheumatologist to try Dr. Thomas out.  He has helped me so much that I have been able to stop taking Mobic (which was a complete necessity when I started going to him.  I am a 48 year old female and would highly recommend Dr.  Thomas and his staff to anyone! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	-1	Dr. Thomas does not explain things to you and as a patient, we have the right to know and the right to have a knowledgeable doctor.  If he is going to diagnose you with something, then he should have some type of knowledge of it.  His bedside manner is very poor and he isn't friendly at all.  Some of his staff was decent and others were rude.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	-1	Doesn't explain things. When asked something, doesn't respond.  	2	1	1	3 	Insurance:Medicare
33	1	I meet with the Dr. Thomas in his office to first talk about my problems for at least 20 minutes, then I went to the exaime room where I went through a rigious examine. I was then sent for lab work and x-ray. I was there 3 hours and was check from stem to stern. I was given a dx that I had not heard of before and this provider went to great lenghts to talk to me and make sure I had books and websites to go to. I have to say this is the most attention that I have had a provider give to me in years.  Very Nice staff and attentive provider 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	-1	Has nothing to offer but nsids snd c ortisone, no real answers for so many middle age women in so much pain. 		3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	Dr. Townsend is super nice, very respectful, and very knowledgeable. He is friendly, and he goes out of his way to make sure you feel comfortable and have what you need healthwise. He works with you, instead of just telling you what to do. The staff is mostly pretty good. The front desk people are very nice and helpful. His nurse needs a bit more familiarity with rheumatology. She is nice, but she doesn't seem very familiar with the disease or its varied ways of showing itself. She does pass on messages though, and she will call back if you have questions.  That is a big plus! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	1	Very good doctor. Listens to everything and explained a lot more than previous doctor. More than happy to drive 80 miles to see him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
34	0	I drove 5 hrs round trip for this follow up appt. and $35. He told me my last appt that he would put together a treatment plan. Now,he asked me why I was there.  I told him for CFS &amp; Fibromyalgia.  He tells me he is a rheumatologist an doesn't treat that.  He didn't tell me that my first visit.  Also, notice that another patient states that he is treating her for fibromyalgia.  I asked him who would and he said he didn't know, maybe my family doctor.  Research shows that most rheumatologist do treat CFS &amp; Fibro.  He made the Fibro diagnosis on my first visit with the target spots.  My first two visits went well.  This 3rd visit was humiliating.  He was quick to let me know that I had already gone 5 minutes over my 15 min allowed for my appointment. My 60 yr old husband lost his job last yr and with my health issues we couldn't afford insurance.  Yes, I am on charity care.  I guess this doctor realized I was a waste of his time.  I don't know!  I just know his personality changed! 	4	3	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	I LOVE DR. TOWNSEND. I have finally found a doctor to listen to me and my concerns. Dr. Townsend was very through and actually wanted to help me lead a normal life with my fibromyalgia. No doubt he will be my rheumatologist for life. THANK YOU DR. TOWNSEND.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	1	Dr. Townsend is an outstanding doctor - one of the very best we have ever been to.  He is very patient, mild mannered and really listens to you when you are sharing concerns with him.  He was willing to accept my 15 year old daughter as a patient when no other &quot;adult&quot; rheumatologists were willing to do so.  He treats the patient (and parent) as a partner in the treatment and care of the problem - is willing to listen to concerns and is open to our suggestions.  He has since left DDA to pursue a fellowship and teaching opportunity.  A very sad day for our family and a huge loss to DDA.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	1	I have had Dr Townsend as my doctor for about 4 yrs and thanks to him I am not only walking again, but I can run, ride bikes, go on hikes and really live my life again. When I first started going to him I didn't even want to get out bed because of the pain and it has taken several different medication attempt's but we have finally found a match and I owe that to Dr Townsend patience and really listening to my concerns. I had 4 previous R.A Doctors before him and he is the one that got it right!! Would totally recommend. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
34	-1	Dr. Eaton, William in North Port, Sarasota County, FL is running a business for himself. Do not expect to be treated as the real doctor treats ill persons. There is a lot of abuse from his wife, who runs their business and his nurse. They both, the nurse and doctor's wife are very rude and act as persons without any manners. They pounded on the door of doctor-patient office while I, as the patient was describing the difficulties I experienced. The process of doctor's listening and thinking was interrupted in critical moments which needed to be used in making decision about my health. My explanations were never finished and Dr.Eaton's answer was simple; I don't have time. I was a witness to an ugly scene between some patient and Dr. Eaton's nurse on my first visit to his office and later I made a written comment about this, as well as about her lacking of manners when she approached me, but he did nothing. Last time she was so loud and he heard himself but he covered with silence.  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Medicare
34	1	Dr. Townsend is an absolutely outstanding doctor.  My husband had been in pain and misdiagnosed for two months before we found Dr. Townsend.  He correctly diagnosed my husband and got him on the road to recovery after the very first visit.  Dr. Townsend is mild-mannered and kind, and he listened to attentively and patiently to all my questions about my husband's diagnosis.  He never once made me feel like I was wasting his time.  My husband said that the care he received from Dr. Townsend was the &quot;best medical experience he's ever had. &quot; 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	1	I recently had my first appt. with Dr. Townsend. I believe I've discovered my &quot;Rheumatologist for Life&quot;.  I have severe RA and have seen 2 specialists since my diagnosis 4 years ago.  He is compassionate and sincere about helping me manage my disease. I would encourage anyone who is receiving less than stellar care to seek his help.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	1	Dr. Townsend is excellent. He is very knowledgeable and caring. He listens to you rather then telling you what is wrong. He encourages patient participation and considers every question to be important. Even though he spends as much time as you need and never hurries you, I have never had to wait more than 5 minutes past the appointment time. When I have had tests done, Dr. Townsend personally calls the next day to discuss the results. He also mails all test results. When I had x-rays done, he gave them to me on a CD. I believe that he only accepts patients on referral. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	Wonderful, Caring, Professional and over all an A+ ! I have been using Dr. Tirpack for 11+ years and will continue to use her as long as she is in practice. She delivered both my girls by c-section and I never had one problem! She listens to you and she truely cares!  I wouldn't recomend any one else but Dr.  Tirpack!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	1	I am a patient of her here in Tallassee, and she was great to me.She will spend time with you explaining everything she is about to do and she will also explain afterwards.She has to be the best OBGYN i have ever had.I have been seeing her since i was 14 and she has never turned me down or has given me a wrong answer. I trust her and am glad she is my doctor!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
35	1	I love her....I think she is wonderful.  She has really helped me with my hormone issues and has a wonderful/kind manner about her. Her assistant is also extremely professional and polite. I highly recommend her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
35	1	I have been seeing this doctor since i was fifteen.  She is the nicest and most proffesional doctor i've ever been to.  She always knows what to say to help if you have a problem... HIGHLY RECOMENDED :) 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	-1	This doctor is horrible! She almost killed me and my baby. I had to have a total blood transfusion after my c-section that she pushed on me. Then on the day that I was supposed to go home my c-section scar came all the way open and when the nurses called her she said to just send me home with gauze and sterile water. I got infected after she sewed me up in her office and it then came back open ...resulting in A LOT of pain, scarring and heartache.  	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	1	I don't have a regular gynecologist here in Birmingham since I am only here for school.  I have been to a few random ones that did their job and it was all fine.  I went to Dr. Tirpack, however, and wanted to stay in Birmingham just to have a great gynecologist.  She is very knowledgeable, willing to work with you with whatever your situation is, is very friendly, and made me feel so comfortable.  I highly highly recommend her. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	Dr Taylor has been my orthopaedic doctor for a long time.He is very through and kind.I fell and broke bones in my shoulder last year.He explained my injury in a way that I understood. I did everything that he suggested including six or more weeks of therapy and did not have to undergo surgery.He is a little quiet but very good bedside manor.I always recommend him to my friends and family.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	1	 	4	4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
37	0	She is OK. She checked my baby carefully. But we had one very unpleasant experience with her. She was in a hurry and didn't check my baby carefully. She even ignored or interrupted our conversation.  	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
38	-1	Lacks skill and knowledge.  Maybe the years will season him but I switched doctors 	2	3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	Brilliant.  Thorough.  Actually LISTENS to you.  Still setting up new practise and working out the bugs, but worth any inconvenience. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	God sent Dr. Teschner. A great Doctor with a great staff. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	GREAT Dr. We love her and her staff. I can't say enough good things about her. If you are looking for a good Radication Oncologist pick her.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
41	1	 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
42	-1	staff is very poor  cant make appointments and callm u if they do .  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
42	1	HE WAS VERY ATTENTIVE THIS WAS MY FIRST VISIT HE LISTENED TO ME EVEN THOU I WENT OVER MY TIME HE SEEMS TO BE VERY CARING AND VERY SMART. YES I HAD TO WAIT AWHILE BUT HE EXPLAINED HE TRIES HIS BEST TO GIVE EVERY PATIENT T WITH AN APOINTMENT TIME TO SAY WHAT IS IMPORTANT TO THEM SO YES HE WAS WORTH WAITING FOR SOME DOCTORS JUST RUSH YOU OUT. MAKE YOU FEEL LIKE CATTLE 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
43	1	Great staff very caring and knowledgeable.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	1	Great Great Great doctor excellent and really cares. Has a heart of gold.Would recommend him to anyone. There are not many doctors like him around 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
44	1	Delivered both my children, had a very good experience with him both times.  Would recommend him to anyone.  	4	3	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	1	When you get something in your eye like I did when I got metal in it, it is the scariest thing you can imagine.  I saw Dr. Taylor in his Tuscaloosa office and thanks to him I still have my eye and good vision.  He is a compassionate man and explained everything to me and my family who were all with me.  He explained things in plane language and he answered all our question.  We think the world of Dr. Taylor and his staff who are also helpful and kind.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
46	1	I love Dr. Taylor. I trust her totally, she is kind,very smart and very proactive about my health. i highly recommend.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
46	-1	Dr. Taylor is rude and not very efficient. I had tumors that she never told me about and only until I went to another DR. was I told. Very disappointing.  	4	2	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
46	1	STAFF IS ALWAYS VERY FRIENDLY AND PUNCTUAL. I RECOMMEND DR.  TAYLOR TO ALL MY FRIENDS 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
47	1	Dr. Thomas removed my gall bladder.  I had no complications and was able to resume my normal diet.  He is very kind and a highly skilled surgeon. 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	Very helpful staff.  Took care of my needs in a very friendly environment.   Will definately use this practice for all my dental needs! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	-1	Doctor T. Was an ok doctor. I was not impressed at all. The front staff could use like a few years worth of manner classes. Very rude staff. Dirty offices and rooms. I hated going there. I transfered my child to Huntsville Pediatric and I love the doctors and environment 	1	2	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	I saw Dr T. when I was a child and he even treated me when I was in college. He always has gone above and beyond for me and my siblings growing up; however, when I took my child now the office staff is horrible. They are not very friendly or helpful. Also the wait is extremely long. I was there for 3 plus hours for a check up. I will say that no matter what day or time, if your child is sick he will make time to see them that day. Even came to the hospital to see me when I had pneumonia really late in the night when I was a child. Great doctor and great nurses but that office staff is so bad I'm considering finding another doctor.  	1	2	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	1	My family has been using Dr T for over 13 years. He is a very smart dr and caring.I think he sees 11 of my family members. He has always treated us great. Staff is getting better and the wait can be long, but i would rather wait hours on him than see someone who doesnt know what there doing.  We love DR T 	2	2	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	-1	Office was not very clean and it was not very personal at all. Just felt like a number.  	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	1	His staff is the worst and have been hung up on twice. It took 6 days for me to get a refill that my daughter took twice a day. You have to wait for at least an hour and a half to see him for never more than 5 minutes. Twice he wasn't even there for his early appointments. I changed to another doctor.  	1	1	4	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
49	1	Dr.  T is a good doctor and the nurses are good too but the front staff is awful 	1	1	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
49	1	I love Dr. T! I went to him for 19 years (one year after I was supposed to haha) because he is such an amazing doctor. He cares, listens, and will never rush you. That's why he is the only doctor I will take my daughter to. The wait times are pretty rough especially with a baby, but he never seems to be too full to take a sick child. Unlike others doctors he will fit your child in that day.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
49	1	I love Dr. T, my oldest child has been going to Dr. T for 10 years now and his sister have followed. He is very attentive to my concerns and my children. He ask them whats wrong and gives them a chance to explain how they feel. I have been to three doctors before Dr. T and he is the best. Thanks I think the staff could be a little more organized and timely but the nurses are wonderful and they care. On the other hand the front desk and billing needs a little help.  	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
49	1	Dr thotakura was an amazing Pediatrician. He was kind, attentive, and really listened to my concerns. If I hadn't had to move, I would definitely have kept him as my son's Pediatrician. Best doctor I have encountered ever.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
49	-1	I felt like this doctor was trying to squeeze every dime out of us by doing unneccessary costly procedure. Will never return. They also owe me a refund check which has been 4 months ago and every time I call they tell me its in the mail. Crooks.  	2	2	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	1	I started with Dr. T. with my son in 1988 under Blue Cross/Blue Shield--and my daughter born before him, then 2 more daughters.  He now cares for my granddaughter and is super to work with.  When I need to get her in, they make a place.  If he hadn't accepted her as a patient, I would have to be driving to Cullman to her original doctor--and he wasn't near as helpful (more likely to send her to the hospital for an earache than make room in his schedule).  Dr. T is always very caring and understanding--if not, I wouldn't be returning after 20 years--I've changed my own doctor 7 times in the 20 years and that's with going without seeing anyone for over 5 years in that space of time, so I'm very particular about who cares for me and my children.  Thanks for your time and patience Dr. T.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	1	I have taken both my children to him starting in 1986. Perhaps the most intelligent and surely the most careful and caring man in the city. There is always a wait in the office because he takes a lot of time to spend with his patients.  He never rushes a patient.  I would recommend this pediatrician over all others.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	1	WE HAVE BEEN WITH HIME FOR 5 YEARS. WHEN EVER MY KIDS ARE SICK, I CAN CALL FIRST THING IN THE MORNING AND THEY WILL WORK HER IN THAT DAY. I MAY HAVE TO DRIVE TO THE MADISON OFFICE AND WAIT, BUT HE IS WORTH IT. HE IS NICE TO THE KIDS ARE THEY AREN'T SCARED OF HIM..HIS STAFF IS NICE AND SEEM CARING... I WOULD RECOMMEND HIM! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	1	I USED HIM FOR 18 YEARS HE WAS ALWAY GREAT MY DAUGHTER WAS HURTWHEN SHE WAS 9 , HE KNEW THAT KNOW ONE IN HUNTSVILLE COULD HELP HER AND WAS ON A MEDFLIGHT CHOPPER TO CHILDRENS HOSPITAL WERE SHE COULD BE HELPED AND WAS SAVED THERE. HES GREAT 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	Dr. T. has been a wonderful doctor to all of my kids. He is helpful and thoughtful and always takes the time he needs to listen to concerns from parents. The wait can sometimes be lengthy, ranging from an hour to three hours. But, he will always see patients, even after hours, when they need to be seen. I highly recommend him! 		2	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	We have been with Dr. T for 11 years.He is very caring and very thorough with his patients.When my 8 year old son was born, because of a small hole(dimple)at the base of his spine, Dr. T referred us to Children's Hospital in Birmingham, just as precautionary. He assured me he thought everything would be fine, but just wanted a specialist to back up his diagnosis.He called me at home a couple of times to ask if I had any questions and to assure me that he felt like everything would be o.k. He was right! Everything checked out o.k.When my 16 year old had a car wreck, she was checked out by xray and cat scan at hospital and was found to be ok. Several days later, still complaining of her arm hurting, we went to Dr. T he xrayed her arm and found a fractured wrist. Referred us to orthopedics and she had a cast for 6 weeks.You can always get in to see him.He never turns patients away.You may have to wait an hour or two, but he will give you the best care possible.Thanks Dr.  T for everything! 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	1	I agree with the previous comments. We have been patients of his for over 14 years, and he does not turn anyone away. If you want to get in today, you will get in today. He also takes alot of Medicaid patients, which I admire. We had a serious health issue with one of our kids, and he was terrific! Came in to see us at the hospital in the middle of the night. Just a wonderful man. 		2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	Dr. T is a wonderful doctor. He is caring, thoughtful, takes his time with your child, and is a great diagnostician. I sometimes wish his waiting room and restroom was a little cleaner. His staff should take the responsibility to take care of this for him. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	Dr T, as we call him, has been my children's peditrician for ~12 years. Sometimes we've waited an hour or more past our appt. time, but it's because he never turns anyone away and he takes time to address your concerns. He's worth the wait! 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	 	4	1	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
51	1	Terrific lady that takes time to discuss things and answers questions. She's smart and capable and a blessing to me. I've been going to her since her Family Practice school.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
51	1	Dr. Toland is one of the few doctors left that actually take the time to listen to you. I hope she never leaves Huntsville.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
51	1	An excellent doctor-she listens to what you have to say and is very patient.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
51	1	Dr. Toland was my doctor before I moved away and I wouldn't take anything for her.  She is a great friend and also a great doctor.  She will take the time with you that you deserve and study every little detail to make sure that she gets it exactly correct.  I would highly recommend Dr. Toland to anyone looking for a new family physician. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	. great physician - saved my life a few times 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
53	-1	Went in for pain in my chest. I am 33. He did an EKG everything was fine. Tried to prescribe me nitro tablets. Turns out to be heartburn( which I never had until now). So I tell him it might have been heartburn. Then he says that he will prescribe me Prilosec. I refused and have not been back. 	3	3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	Dr. Taft how would I describe him &quot;stuck on himself.&quot;  Every time I have been there he talks about himself and doesn't stay focused on what is wrong with the patient.  He is very intelligent and makes a very good surgeon but, bedside manner leaves something to be desired. 	2	2	2	5 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	The greatest Dr. I have ever seen. He was great with my mother and he helped her so much, and he has a wonderful manor about him.Understanding and caring.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
55	1	Dr. Thweatt is a gentle, unpretentious man.  He appears eager to be helpful.  I found him easy to trust and talk with.  His nurse, Phyllis, is very responsive and kind, even under pressure.  If Dr. Thweatt has a shortcoming, it is knowing what drugs cost and the most economical ways for patients to secure them.  He prescribed a drug for me that was $300 for 5 weeks and didn't mention the high cost at all.  I'm not even sure he was aware of it, but I feel should have been and should have asked if that would be a barrier for me.  It was.  Still, I wholeheartedly recommend him for med consultation.  He seems like he would be excellent in therapy, too, but I have not used her for that. 	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	Dr. Thweatt saved my life. He helped me want to live when I was suicidal. He talks to me on the phone when I need him. I now have my life back on track but if I need him, I know he will be there to help. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	Doctor Tarwater very helpful and understanding. He and his staff feel that your health is most important. It is hard sometimes to get an appointment, but if there is a problem you can see him quickly. He is the third gastro doc I tried in six months and now I have been with him for 5 years.  	5	4	5	4 	Insurance:Tricare
57	-1	Unprofessional! Does not talk or discuss things with patients. 	5	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
58	0	He and his nurse are very rude, and non-caring. 	1	5	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	very friendly, knows what he is doing, great for my husband, saved his life 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
59	1	He is a wonderful Doctor. He truly cares about his patients and wants everyone to feel comfortable about whats going on. He is not an in and out type, he answered my thousands of questions without making me feel like I was running him behind.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	1	I never have to wait long for my appointment.  He listens to what you have to say.   He acts human!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	1	He is one of the nicest and most caring doctors I have ever been to. I would recommend him to anyone.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
60	-1	i was dr. thomas' patient for 10 years, using her only for routine, yearly gyn exams. on the 10th year i needed her to send some emergency paperwork to my insurance company. i called the office twice and left messages saying this matter was urgent and recieved no calls back. after my third call, dr. thomas called me back to say that my incessant phone calls to her assistant was not going to get the paperwork sent any faster. when i re-iterated that this was an emergency, she very condescendingly told me again that my incessant phone calls were not going to get the paperwork sent any faster. shame on her. i immediately found another doctor.  	 11/30/05		2	1	Insurance:Oxford
61	0	This doctor and his staff called me at 9:41PM one night to discuss an outstanding bill I had with them. When I asked why they were calling so late she said they had other patients to take care of during the day and when I asked if she thought that was an inappropriate time to discuss a bill she got rude. Also, Dr. Jack let my child suffer for nine months with chronic ear infections. He never told me about tubes, I found out through a friend. He was just going to keep giving my son antibiotics. (Which you can eventually build a resistance against). VERY UNPROFESSIONSAL.  DO NOT RECOMMEND! 	1	1	3	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	1	I am so entirely impressed with Dr. Trammell.  Initially, I went to see her as a function of geography with her office almost directly above where I was working at the time.  But after that very first encounter, I knew she would be my doctor regardless of where her office was located.  She is patient and kind, and she knows her stuff.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	1	Dr. Trammell is very thorough and patient.  She is a very concerned and caring doctor.  I'm glad I was referred to her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	1	Very Understanding and Concerned...plus she is great with teens! Yay Dr. Trammell!!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	1	Good, she answered all my questions and concerns. She's very professional, and was much better than the last dr. I saw. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
63	-1	NOT A DOCTOR TO TRUST TO GIVE THE BEST CARE.DOCTOR WAS MORE WORRIED ABOUT GETTING PAID THAN DOING GOOD CARE. I WOULD NOT RECOMEND HER TO ANYONE. WISH I HAD DONE MY HOMEWORK. I WOULD NOT HAVE USED HER IF I KNEW WHAT BAD TREATMENT I WAS GOING TO GET.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
63	1	I have been seeing Dr. Thomas for 3 years now, she is professional and extremely educated. I was there for a problem visit and she examined my cultures in a microscope herself, I didn't need to wait for test results from a lab. Dr. Thomas is amazing.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
64	-1	Here's the thing about Dr. Toriumi.  He's a terrible surgeon with no artistic ability.  He charges a fortune for ruining your face. He has no aesthetic eye.  What he did to my nose is criminal.  He made it twisted, crooked, wide, ugly, and so different from my original nose &amp; what we discussed in pre-op that I looked like a completely different person.  Did he care&#63; No. Pat Golden begged me to give him positive reviews on this site &amp; others.  He gave me &quot;excercises&quot; (pressing on my nose) to do every day (did them every day) &amp; after 1 yr when when my nose was unchanged, he said I must not have been doing my &quot;exercises&quot;. He's a nightmare. Furthermore, his surgicenter is unprofessional. The anesthesiologist told me that the nurses were Googling me &amp; gossping about me due to the nature of my work in the public life. That is shockingly unprofessional. Every surgeon I've seen since says &quot;Toriumi ruins faces&quot;. Dr. Toriumi is a walking nightmare.  	 9/10/12	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	-1	 	 6/21/12	1	3	1	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	Heres the deal I just had reconstruction  of my entire nose with him. He will not go in depth with you during your consult so you must go in with a game plan of what you want. Other than that he will give you close to perfection what is humanly possible. The main problem is you are talking to an artist who will not dig the picture out of your mind, you must do that. He may come off a little standoffish but he is just a straightforward guy. I have a lot of respect for him. I dont know what my final outcome will be (because I am only few weeks post op) but i can tell you this my girlfriend told me when Dr. Toriumi came up to her after my surgery of 6 in a half hours he was dead tired and had given everything that he had, and to me thats all that truly matters in life. 	 3/2/12	5	4	2	Insurance:Unknown
64	0	HORRIFYING experience.  I went to Dr. Toriumi for a revision rhinoplasty.  He made me look like a freak--the worst decision I ever made was to trust this man with my face!  I went from having a long nose with a pinched tip, caved-in bridge and retracted nostrils to having a too-high radix, too-high bridge, too-wide tip, flared, asymetric nostrils, lumps and odd indentations all the way down the right side, and a rock-hard nose that does not move naturally.  He made me look masculine and severe, and I have been depressed ever since.  When I brought up these issues with him, he completely blew me off, saying that HE was ecstatic with the results and that I need to see a shrink!  Needless to say, one year later I'm shopping for someone to correct this over-grafted, ugly mess of a nose... HELP!!!  :( 	 12/20/11	2	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	-1	My horrifying experience with Dr. Toriumi is documented with before/after photos athttp://www.toriumipatientreviews.com/ 	 11/5/11	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	had surgery from Dr. Toriumi on May 26 &amp; it was one of the best decisions that I have ever made. My nose looks 10 times better and I can finally breathe again. I had had several previous nose surgeries and I had almost resigned myself to looking deformed and breathing out of my mouth forever. After breaking my nose as a teenager I had it fixed only to have my sister punch me shortly after. I had to have several surgeries after that &amp; after one I had a severe car crash. I had a quack in Newport put in not 1 but 2 medpor implants in my nose. I had no idea there were 2 until Dr. Toriumi did my surgery. I consulted w lots of CA doctors &amp; I wanted to get Dr. Toriumi's opinion. I went w a carry on intending to stay over night &amp; ended up having my surgery &amp; staying 2 wks. Dr. Toriumi is a SUPER HERO to me! My surgery took 8 hrs. &amp; he used rib to rebuild my nose. He never stopped for a break &amp; a nurse fed him a power bar for lunch. He changed my life &amp; I am eternally grateful. Thanks so much.  	 8/15/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
64	-1	It took me a few rhinoplasties to fix the nose Dr Toriumi had left me with. He overgrafted my nose and instead of fixing the flaws, he attempted to camouflage them actually making them worse. I was left with an objectively deformed nose that completely disfigured my face. His approach is to pad everything with grafts and not to fix the underlying structure of the nose. Dr Toriumi prefers quantity over quality. He does at least two surgeries a day, 5 days a week. He uses the same approach on everyone, regardless. His pictures looks really, really good, but are very deceiving. He has a professional photographer in his office that takes pictures under certain lights, at certain angles, and the noses look really good. In reality, they don't even remotely look like that. He lets his residents perform part of the surgery. The surgery center where he operates (in the same building) is absolutely the worst. They resort to all kinds of stratagems to take more money out of you. 	 6/26/11	1	3	1	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	I am very happy with all of my visits with Dr. Toriumi and the overall outcome from my surgery. His staff is so professional and courteous. I always felt welcomed upon my arrival and Dr. Toriumi always addressed my needs and concerns. I never felt rushed with our time together. I would definitely recommend Dr. Toriumi to anyone seeking rhinoplasty. He changed my life. I sincerely thank you.  	 4/18/11	5	4	5	Insurance:Humana
64	1	Staff is friendly and helpful. Sometimes runs late, but overall on time. He and his staff are helpful and knowledgeable with all of my questions.  He made me feel comfortable throughout the whole process. 	 4/16/11	5	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
64	-1	I saw this dr last year for a rhinoplasty revision. it was a very rushed consult, on his part. I did extensive research and thought he was the best. After my consult,I did even more research and am pleased i did not have surgery with him. His approach to each surgery is identical, and he will do it HIS way. It will be with a large radix, and will be a radical reconstruction. I required a very revision, and consulted many drs. I had my revision for 1/5 of what Dr.Toriumi charges and am very pleased. No 2 years of healing and hiding for months. I think that he is great at totally reconstructing a nose, but most people going are not in this category, even if grafts are needed as in my case. USE CAUTION. 	 3/19/11	2	2	1	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	I am a 33 year old male and I broke my nose and had a deviated septum. In addition, I had a hump on my hose and the tip was starting to droop. So I decided to fix the deviated septum and do the Rhinoplasty for cosmetic purposes. I had the surgery two weeks ago and had the cast removed two days ago and I must say I'm VERY happy with the result. My nose is straight and looks great from all angles. I'm very happy and would recommend Dr. Toriumi to anyone. I dont understand the poor reviews all I can say is that it worked for me and I'm happy.  	 1/5/11	4	4	4	Insurance:Aetna
64	1	I'm so HAPPY!!!!  Dr. Toriumi and his staff were great!!  Pat, Janice and the front desk staff were so helpful and made you feel like a friend.  Dr. Toriumi did a secondary rhinoplasty for me and I went from looking horrible to wonderful!  Yes he runs late sometimes, but I was grateful when he left others waiting and took 7 1/2 hrs to do my estimated 6 hr. surgery.  Needless to say, I don't mind if I have to wait because I know it means Dr. Toriumi is taking special care of someone just like he did for me. Honestly, if he was horrible like some other posts say, he wouldn't have people waiting for him or coming from other countries and he'd be out of business. Seems to me like one disgruntled patient is posting over and over. Dr. Toriumi was great and he's continued to provide me with top notch follow-up care...something I didn't receive with my previous surgery.  I'm 3 months post-op and am very satisfied with my results. I would highly recommend Dr.  Toriumi and his staff!!! :) 	 10/18/10	5	4	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	-1	Wow, I wish I would have read these reviews before seeing Dr.Toriumi.  Going to him was truly the biggest mistake of my life.  His bedside manner is terrible, and the bump on my nose I wanted removed is still there.  So now not only do I still have the bump, I can't breathe, my nose is wide and ugly and I'm $24,000 poorer.(He misled me to thinking it would be $10,000.)  Listen to all of us...he's not a good doctor.  	 9/20/10	2	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	-1	I had sugery with him a few months ago and I am horrified by what my face looks like now. I cry almost everyday. He charged me over 30,000. He removed a lot of cartilage between my eyes and he made the radix of my nose look like it is coming out of my forehead. As a result, my eyes now look narrow and I have a &quot;manly&quot; looking nose. He also removed the tissue inbetween my nostrils and replaced it with a graft from my rib. He made the tip of my nose look like a ball and he put my nostrils so far in the air that they look like a bull. My nose is a giant cartilage graft! My face looks so different and I am heartbroken. I wish I had seen all of these warnings on Dr. Toriumi. I would have NEVER gone to him for surgery.  I want to warn others that EVERYTHING you read WARNING you about Dr. Toriumi is most likely true. Most of our complaints are all the same. I even brought in pictures before my surgery of what I wanted my nose to look like and it is the complete opposite of what I asked for. 	 9/6/10	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	I am from other country. Approximately two years ago, I had a primary rhinoplasty surgery with Dr. Toriumi.  My nose was quite complicated case, caused by accident at that moment. As a result, I was very happy with my first surgery outcome. It was very natural and beautiful.  I felt that he is very sophisticated surgeon.  After that, I came back to chicago for my academic plan as an international student. However, unfortunately, I had another accident again before 2010. Finally, Dr. Toriumi did my second surgery which was minor process compared to first time. Now I am pleased with my secondary surgery outcome. Everytime when I visit his office, I realized that he truly cares about all my questions and I am very satisfied with current time. 	 8/11/10	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
64	-1	Dr. Dean Toriumi has no artistic ability.  And worse, no obvious care about being concerned with overall appearance and balance of a face.  I spent three visits with him prior to my surgery, showing photographs of myself before a botched bridge repair, discussing what would be done in his surgery.  He promised he would modify his procedure.  Which is the only reason I trusted him.  Then during my surgery, he the opposite of what we had discussed.  My nose is a shapeless, flat, triangular, wide, and now, somehow, crooked mess and my face look completely different.  It has effected every area of my life negatively.  Dr. Toriumi doesn't care about any of this.  He accepted payment and that's it.  He has no care for his patients and no regard for the quality of their lives.  I have to have a revision surgery to attempt to fix what he did.  His ultimate outcome is:  Take what he wants to with your face and too bad for you and life otherwise.  But he will cash your $30,000 check.  He's bad. 	 8/10/10	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
64	-1	It has been a terrible experience. I am looking for someone who can help with my Toriumi nose. I am very depressed. I have a hard, uncomfortable and more attractive nose. 	 7/7/10	2	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	Dr. Toriumi is very approachable and knowledgeable. I was very apprehensive about having a third surgery, but he put all of my fears at ease, and I couldn't be happier with the result.  I would highly recommend him to anyone considering a revision rhinoplasty. 	 6/7/10	5	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	I read some reviews before adding my own...not that mine will be any different for doing so.First off everyone should realize a doc that often runs behind is one that clearly lends his time and attention to his patients and does not limit there needs or concerns based on the others waiting.I am not in the class of a typical plastics patient, but after choosing value for my first surgery I learned a hard lesson.Dr T was revered and suggested to me from other docs and was the man for the job,unfortunately that meant flying in from out of state for every appointment.His work is amazing and his staff delvers the same quality that the Dr. possesses with his tools.After my surgery I could not of been more pleased with the outcome.When a accident occurred that compromised my results Dr. T and his staff went over and beyond to continue to give me the same care I needed to fix the damage regardless that I was not in the same situation as when I elected for my surgery.FOR ALL OF THIS I THANK YOU 	 5/19/10	5	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	Outstanding doctor and operation.  Dr. Toriumi was very generous with his time.  I came to him with a perforated septum as a result of a laser procedure to stop nose bleeds.  He repaired the perforation and while he was in there, also fixed a deviation and the result is that I am breathing well through my nose for the first time in my life.  He was matter of fact about everything and made no promises, yet was honest and optimistic about what to expect.  Everything turned out as he expected it would - outstanding.  The fact that my nose looks great too is just a bonus.  	 4/14/10	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	1	I recently went back to see Dr. Torimi to seek advise about Laser surgery on my nose I am having done near my home.(Dr. Torimi is 3 hrs away)I wanted his advise since he had done surgery on my nose 10 years prior and did a fantastic job. He was very helpfull and did not even charge me for his time. Dr. Toriumi is one of the best in his field in the country and I would recondmend him to anyone. 	 3/17/10	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	I had an 8 hour nasal reconstruction to repair cosmetic work by another surgeon.  Dr. Toriumi's office responded to all my questions and the improvement was great! I had accepted long ago that I would just live with what I had, but this surgeon is truly gifted and created a natural looking nose.  I now get asked if I am sharon stone or a model... He and his staff were amazing and well worth leaving Beverly Hills for Chicago and the best! 	 2/24/10	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
64	-1	Please run as fast as you can!!! Toriumi's revision was the WORST experience I have ever had. I regret the day I walked into his office. I went in for simple procedure - he did much more than I consented to, high radix, grafting, wide, flat, swollen, bulbous nose. Big, swollen nose on a female does not look right. He made me look like someone punched me in the face. I didn't recognize myself in the mirror, couldn't take a pic, etc. Just like others, Toriumi did the same to me. He does what he wants, not the patient. Then he acts like you are the prob. not his fault. BEWARE - he is an ENT, not a plastic surgeon. Plastic surgeons are artists. He puts big fat noses - the same nose - on everyone. For 6 yrs, I suffered horribly until I had a revision. I can never get those yrs back. Most of my &quot;Toriumi nose&quot; is gone and I feel normal again. I'm so glad I got it fixed. Find a real plastic surgeon! 	 2/18/10	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	In 2008, I decided to have nasoplasty done to correct the blockage of my airway.  Post-operative examination revealed that almost 85% of my airway was blocked in my left nostril, which only made breathing worse.  Dr. Toriumi was confident that he will be able to repair the damage from the previous nasal surgery.  He has state of the art technology that allowed him to illustrate the surgical results on a photo of my nose. It was amazing to actually be given an idea of what was to be expected after the surgery, and in fact, that is exactly what my nose looks like today.  I was given detailed post-operative instructions which allowed me to be back at work within ten days.  Dr. T surrounds himself with a great team.  I feel that there are no words to describe the happiness that I have received from the correction of my nose.  I would recommend Dr. T anyone who wants to excellent care and superior results.  I have already referred two dentists to Dr. T for nasal revision. 	 12/2/09	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	Dr. Toriumi changed my life.  He corrected a 30 year old botched &quot;nose job&quot; and gave me a great looking nose.  I wish that I would have gone to him years ago, he worked magic on me. I had no post surgery problems and would recommend Dr. Toriumi to anyone who needs some repair work done.  	 10/1/09	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	1	I had rhinoplasty done by Dr. Toriumi and could not be happier! I am 16 months post-op, and it did take a while for the swelling to go down, but now my nose looks great! It is very natural looking with the bump gone and only slightly shorter than my old nose, which is what I wanted. I appreciate that Dr. Toriumi takes the time to have his post-op patients come in to the office regularly to make sure all is going well.  	 9/26/09	5	3	4	Insurance:Aetna
64	-1	Can anyone please tell me who can fix a Dr T nose&#63; I'm so Unhappy after five years! Also how can I speak and share with others like me&#63; Thanks 	 9/10/09	3	3	1	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	Born with a cleft lip, I always had people staring at my imperfection. After undergoing surgery, I definetly feel more confident about going out in public. I am only 6 weeks post-op and I already see a positive difference in the shape and structure of my nose. Doctor Toriumi is truly a professional. All my questions were answered and I did not have any complications after surgery.  I highly recommend him! 	 8/12/09	5	4	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	1	Dr. Toriumi did a fantastic job with my primary rhinoplasty.  He is more expensive than most, but he takes his time during surgery and he is almost obsessive-compulsive about follow up.  (I've been to Chicago 8 times now.)  As far as unhappy or bad noses, not once during that time did I see an ugly post-op nose in his office.  The reality is that there are a lot of people with unrealistic expectations - if you have a larger nose, you'll probably never have a small button nose.  One other thing: if you're relying on the internet for information, be careful.  For the longest time I was scared about Toriumi.  But then, despite all the noses he's done, I realized I never once saw a picture of a bad nose job online.  So in short, take your time, be realistic about whether you need rhinoplasty and - if you do - what you can expect.  And if someone is not willing to show you his/her good or bad result, don't believe them. 	 8/12/09	4	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	Ive read a few posters complaining about Toriumi unnecessarily putting grafts in a primary rhinoplasty. I can agree that this is not something I would like myself and wouldnt want in a primary.  As it happens if i knew what i know now about rhinoplasty i would never let any surgeon touch my nose. However if you were as unfortunate as me and had most of your supporting cartilage ripped out in an aggressive primary then Toriumi is a world leader at building the nose back up. This is a fact. In addition i have not seem any pictures of his work showing a wrecked/collapsed unatural looking nose. My nose now looks like an improved form of what i was born with. You can see that a majority of people praising him are from people who needed complex revisions. 	 7/14/09	5	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	Friendly and helpful staff that showed sincere concern for my well being.  Some staff members worked on the weekend to keep the short schedule that I requested.  Very knowledgeable doctor.  Answers all questions asked.  The experience was about as pleasant as it could have been.  I would definitely recommend. 	 6/6/09	5	3	5	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	I think Toriumi is a great dr who prides himself on perfection. He educates the patient on sodium intake to help prevent swelling. He specializes on corrective surgery to build a nose that will last. I can breathe great and am happy with the look of it 	 5/10/09	5	3	5	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	After seeing handfuls of doctors, I heard Dr. Toriumi's name many times. I was hesitant because he was in Chicago but I figured I want to have a nose job once. Viewing his website, credentials, flying to Chicago finally for a face-to-face appt, I knew he was my doctor.  For years, I was a nose. People would stare. There were so many insecure issues I had about facing people. Besides the fact I couldn't breathe from a severely deviated septum, I just didn't feel good about myself. everything that could be wrong with a nose was my nose. Deviated septum, (one nostril was a circle, the other was a 1/4 moon) the bridge had a bump and was crooked.  There wasn't a day that went by I wasn't self conscious.  Dr. Toriumi is an artist and my hero. I am so amazed at how I look. I'm still within a year of post-op. I love that he's committed for a year after surgery. He is invested in patient's followups. Yes, he does amazing work on the outside, but he is transforming people inside too.  sa 	 3/29/09	5	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	Dr. T was recommended by a very meticulous friend. Since surgery, as others learned who I used, they also raved about their own experiences with Dr. T.  My personal experience with Dr. T and staff has exceeded expectations!  My surgery corrected a deviated septum and involved cosmetic work.  Dr. T did a wonderful job, as I can finally breathe and look better than ever (if that is pc to say)!  I have been especially impressed with the follow up appointments.  After 3 months out, I still have post surgery check ups.  As a patient, after going through the pain, expense and forbearance of surgery and its aftermath, when some glitches happen afterwards (such as the nose getting bumped, jostled, etc.) one tends to obsess that something could have totally jeopardized the desired result.  The follow up appointments are a wonderful way to put these obsessions to rest and Dr. T's way to make the surgery, its goals and expectations become reality.  I highly recommend Dr.  T and his team! 	 3/29/09	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	1	I am extremely pleased with the work that Dr. Toriumi did on my chin, nose and eyes. Toriumi is a perfectionist and that is what you need when you are dealing with complicated rhinoplasty.  It takes time for the swelling to go down. I believe, better to look swollen and have it healed in 1-2 yrs vs. having it look great immediately after surgery and your nose shrink 1-2 years later to a nose that doesn't fit your face.  It is now approximately a year later and my new nose fits my face.  It was not overdone and looks very natural. I did not have any trouble with breathing after the surgery. I also want to mention that the entire staff that Dr. Toriumi has is outstanding and extremely professional. I had Botox/facial treatments as well.  If I was still in Chicago, I would have continued treatments. The staff is top notch and I would recommend Toriumi to any Star or soccer mom that wants to improve their appearance.  My whole family/husband agree it was worth the money.  	 3/9/09	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
64	1	Years ago I had surgery to straighten the hump but wound up with a pug nose that looked &quot;operated on.&quot;  I disliked it but thought there was nothing I could do.  The internet changed everything.  I mailed my photo to a well-known Manhattan plastic surgeon and asked for advice.  He recommended a rib implant by Dr. Toriumi and I took the advice.  Dr. Toriumi reconstructed the tip and bridge using both ear and rib cartilage and it now looks like a nose again.  He is a miracle worker and I will be forever grateful to him.  Thank you, Dr. Toriumi, and thank you, Pat, Patty, Michelle and Janice! 	 3/8/09	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
64	-1	Be careful. Please learn from my experience. Dr. Toriumi put rib cartilage at the end of my nose to straighten my septum and it looks SO unnatural. Well I wish I would have known about ratemd beforehand. T's picture's are so good on his website but they don't show the way his noses move in real life. I just found out that most doctors know that rib cartilage should never be used in the tip for graft material, only on the bridge of the nose. I met with a doc to try to revise my surgery with Dr. Toriumi and he was shocked when he found out I had rib cartilage in the tip of my nose and I quote &quot;I'm very surprised that he is doing that. There is no way a nose can move naturally with hard rib cartilage at the tip.&quot; Shouldn't a surgeon with his reputation know that&#63; Please do a lot of research before choosing a doctor and don't just go by what you hear about &quot;who is the best&quot; like I did. Talk to people who have actually had the surgery. 	 3/8/09	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	I am a board certified  dermatologist in los angeles...i practice general, surgical, and cosmetic dermatology..I asked 20 of my colleagues in plastic surgery and facial plastics for the best rhinoplasty doctor in the u.s. all of those colleagues mentioned various names but the one common name on everyone's list was dr toriumi..i was v worried to have a secondary rhinoplasty but i was seeking a more natural symmetric looking nose. and now, 7mos post op i already have that. of course there is still some residual swelling but i am extremely pleased with the results!!!!and with time i will become even happier. i do believe there are many good rhinoplasty docotors in the countries but if you are looking for the best hands down-it would be dr toriumi..it was definitely worth the commute from los angeles..and even w all the great doctors in la i chose him...bc i absolutely wanted the best..the staff is also wonderful and knowledgable, helpful. i recommend dr toriumi to my los angeles patients. 	 3/6/09	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
64	-1	I had a revision rhinoplasty with Dr Toriumi.  I had a width and alar base reduction without my knowledge or permission.  My nose is hard and uncomfortable from all of the grafts. Has anyone found a trustworthy surgeon who can reverse alar base reductions&#63; Thank you. 	 2/28/09	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	He is one of the best plastic surgeons around. He is kind and compassionate. He is extremely knowledgeable abut his work. He follows up and is precise about it. Great experience and great Doctor. 	 2/17/09	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
64	-1	Biggest mistake of my life. I had primary with this doctor and he completely reconstructed my nose and placed rib in it..just because of a deviated septum&#63; It's 2 years later and my nose is hard, hooks to the left and has no definition. I kick myself now because my first rhino consult before toriumi was with the #1 rhino doctor in beverly hills and he had accepted me and i should have stuck with my guns and went with him. Recently i have went to see top 2 rhino docs in world (beverly hills) to see if they could fix this, and they were both stunned that a doctor would use rib on a primary, and completely reconstruct a nose for a deviated septum. If you are getting a primary rhino go to where Hollywood's agents and managers send there A list clients...Beverly Hills. Don't believe any other hype on these boards, alot of surgeons place phony posts to get your business. I'm devastated and want to make sure someone else doesn't make the same mistake. 	 1/28/09	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	It has been one year since my procedure and I am extremely happy with the results. I broke my nose during infancy and had my first rhinoplasty at age 10. I had 4 other prodecures over the years. Each one corrected some defects but others developed. Dr. Toriumi and his staff prepared me for the fact that my nose would appear &quot;overcorrected&quot; when the bandages were taken off but would shrink in the coming months and continue to improve over time. The only thing I noticed when he removed the bandages was that my nose was straight-something that I had given up on ever having. I thought that his staff was very caring and professional. I would describe Dr. Toriumi's demeanor as very formal.  After all, patients who come to him for help want to be taken seriously. My guess is that there are some patients who have unrealistic expectations or cant deal with the time needed to heal and evaluate the final results. By the way, my rib graft incision line became almost invisible after 6-8 months. 	 1/19/09	5	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
64	0	I had revision rhinoplasty with Dr. Toriumi about 3 years ago. My nose was huge and crooked after the surgery and he kept telling me to wait. Unfortunately, my nose continued to get worse. The graft work left me with a bumpy, dented, assymetrical blob of a nose that looked NOTHING like the computer imaging. People were horrified when they saw my nose. On top of that, my breathing is worse and I will require another extensive revision. I spent a good deal of money for this. I will have to foot the entire bill for another revision. My nose is too big and crooked . I have a man's boxer nose, thanks to Dr. Toriumi 	 1/18/09	3	3	2	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	I visited Dr Toriumi for a secondary rhinoplasty. Obviously, my first one went extremely array. The staff was very helpful,always pleasant and willing to answer questions. Dr Toriumi is not only the best in his field, knowledgable about every detail and technique, but my healing time,pain,and bruising were minimal. Dr Toriumi takes personal interest in his patients with very precise and attentive follow-up care. He tracks his patient's progress and ensures that the healing/recovery process is on track. I cannot begin to express how pleased I am with the work done, my gratefulness for the restoration provided,or the thankful I am for choosing Dr Toriumi as my doctor. Not only do the results speak for themselves, but my breathing is optimal. Thank you, Dr Toriumi.  	 1/16/09	5	4	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	-1	4.5 years, 5 letters (one registered) and still no agreement with Toriumi about results.  Horrid nose.  How someone who is supposed to be the top doc in his field, can do such a bad job at rhinoplasty is beyond me.  He has no eye for design.  Mechanically, it's good as I can breathe, but the emotional damage he has done by creating a hideous nose and ruining my face, is hard to deal with.  I've tried to communicate, but even with witnesses, he does not listen.  He had he audacity to tell me 'no one else will touch me.'   He's arrogant to a fault, unbending in his opinion and unwilling to compromise.  He knows everything and the patient knows nothing.  Told me my nose was snub and proceeded to place grafts on the top side and tip of my nose leaving me with a masculine, bumpy, lumpy and very ugly nose when I started out with a much nicer one.  Artist he ain't!  If you're going for rhinoplasty, think twice and go elsewhere! 	 1/15/09	3	3	1	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	Staff is extremely knowledgeable and friendly!  Everyone works to make the surgical process as stress-free as possible. Dr. Toriumi is a consummate professional and surgeon.  I have spoken with numerous patients in the waiting room - all of whom have had their lives changed by the surgeries Dr. Toriumi is able to perform.  Dr. Toriumi does many secondary rhinoplasty surgeries - he is able to repair problems that many other surgeons are unwilling or unable to.   I could not have been more pleased with my surgical experience! 	 1/15/09	5	4	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	-1	My girlfriend had a revision by Toriumi over a year ago. Both the experience and results have been dreadful. Her nose appears too long, wide, bulbous, and unnaturally stiff. She experiences chronic discomfort. I love and continue to support her through this ordeal, and am posting so that no one else or their loved ones have to go through something like this. 	 1/3/09	2	4	1	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	I had revision surgery by Toriumi four years ago and am very pleased with the outcome. He is very knowledgeable and experienced. He answered all of my questions and I have no breathing problems. I get lots of compliments on my nose. My mother said she wants to send him a &quot;thank you&quot; card lol!! 	 12/14/08	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
64	-1	I went to Dr. Toriumi b/c I thought he was considered the best nasal reconstructive surgeon. My nose had been ****ed by Richard Ellenbogen, and I heard that Toriumi fixed lots of Ellenbogen disasters. Toriumi promised he could fix me -- his staff mentioned that he fixed on average 5 new Ellenbogen victims per month for over the past 7 years. I asked T why he didn't turn Ellenbogen in, instead of getting rich off of another doctor mutilating people. T said it's not his responsibility. Anyway, after doing surgery on me -- my nose is extra crooked and my tip was not rebuilt at all. Instead my nose was made super wide and completely flat. T told me that Ellenbogen was so drastic with removing so much essential parts of my nasal anatomy -- (all the tip cartilage and soft tissue, the nasal spine, etc) -- that I was impossible to fix. So, he ended surgery on me hours early and left me looking deformed. Then, he told me to accept this outcome b/c no one else would be able to fix me. 	 11/28/08	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
64	0	Overall, I'm not pleased with the way my nose looks after having had a revision with this doctor.  It appears long, wide, and not symmetrical.  I'm hoping that the size will go down with time, as he has promised.  If not, I'll be looking for someone to revise it.  The grafts are also preventing my face from moving freely; again, I hope this gets better with time, but I'm not so sure it will.  Personally, I would not recommend this doctor unless you have a severely truncated nose and need someone to add significant size.  I have no doubt that he is highly skilled and knowledgeable, but I do not like his aesthetic sense.  I feel that I look a bit like a caveman now. 	3	2	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	I had a consultation with Dr. T three months ago.  I still have questions and have called his office four times to try to get these questions answered.  I have yet to receive a phonecall back despite leaving my contact information each time.  This lack of follow up makes me question what the follow up will be like after they cash my $15,000 check.  God forbid I have any complications, will I receive a phonecall back then&#63;  This is very unprofessional behavior on their part.  	1	3	3	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	-1	This was the WORST experience of my life!! I had septo/rhinoplasty completed about 1. 5 years ago and I still have a swollen &quot;hard&quot; nose that is esthetically DISGUSTING!! I had the worst experience with the doctor himself, probaby about 4 minute total conversation in 6 months, and the the unprofessional staff as well! I wish I NEVER saw him! His work is TERRIBLE and his bed-side manor and office staff are deplorable! WORST decision of my life! I hate this!! 	1	2	1	3 	Insurance:Aetna
64	-1	I wish i had a time machine. Going to Dr Toriumi was the worst decision of my life. I had one small problem that needed fixing. Toriumi did not follow the imaging agreed on. I am 15 months post op and my nose is still double in width, i can 't breathe, can't smile and i look like a boxer/caveman. really pretty on a woman's face. Every other doctor i have seen said that T is known for not caring about what his patients ask for. He does what he wants whether they want it or not, whether it looks good on them or not. i would not recommend going to him unless you want to look unattractive. If that's the look you are going for then he's your guy. 	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	i had difficult revision surgery with toriumi and waited to post a rating until being a little over 1 year postop and am happy with my result.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	0	I had a revision rhinoplasty with him and my nose looks AWFUL! Its huge, wide, long, high, tip rotated down, and nothing like what my digital imaging looked like. I am currently looking for someone to revise this mess. 	 2/12/08	3	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	I had a rev. rhino consult with Dr. Toriumi.  Got rude and disrespectful treatment from his office; I booked the consult months in advance & they resched'd at least 2x on me within prob. a month of the original date.  The woman who had me fill out paperwork at the office is likely one of the rudest people I've met in such a capacity.  My actual time with Dr. Toriumi was 5-10 minutes, during which he offered very little info, tho he did answer my questions.  I don't feel that I got value for a consult that cost over $200.    I think Toriumi is prob. 1 of the best rev. rhino PS's, & for some he is prob. 1 of their only options.  However, I was put off by his office's attitude.  I've heard others have had troubles getting things fixed when their rhinos w/ him don't turn out as desired, and I think my experience with him and his office may reflect an attitude consistent with what I'd heard.  Caveat emptor.  Check the rhinoplasty messageboards for doc info & results, do your homework, and good luck! 	1	2	2	5 	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	Dr. Toriumi is in a class of his own. Not everyone is always going to be 100% happy with their results in surgery and not everyone is always going to get a perfect result. That's just the way it is when you mess with what you have. I learned that the hard way. Obviously the unhappy people are more likely to post negative feedback as seen here. Happy people are more apt to move on with their lives. I had a 3rd revision with Dr. T and he did a wonderful job. He has given me my life back. If you had one or more previous bad nose job(s) and need an expert to fix it, Dr. T is the one to see. His staff was extremely professional and accommodating. I am picky and high maintenance and there's nothing bad that I can say about my experience. As far as punctuality, he's been late when a surgery runs late. Big deal! The office calls to give a heads up. My advice: Do your homework. Rhinoplasty4you.com message board is a good place to start. Good luck! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	I had a complicated 8 hour rib revision rhino with Dr. T.  He did an amazing job!  I'm over the moon with the results!  His skill and experience are second to none.  Worth every penny!  Also, Dr. T and his staff were very nice and helpful!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
64	-1	I had a revision with this doctor. My entire nose was unnecessarily grafted from top to bottom. My breathing is worse since the surgery and I am at 1 yr post op. Estheticaly, the nose looks horrible. It's big, wide, long and &quot;masculine&quot; looking on a woman's face. On top of this i cannot smile from the grafts pushing down on my tip. From what I have gathered from talking to other patients this esthetic style and problem with smiling and over grafting is something he does to almost all his patients. 	2	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	will only do major surgery, unwilling to work on the visible scar that I would like reduced. nice but a smidge arrogant.  	5	5	3	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	1	I waited at least an hour on average every single time I was there - except when my nose looked horrible after surgery - then they rushed me into a room.  Years later, I still suffer from what he did.  He is arrogant, doesn't listen, and probably lets his residents do the surgery.  My tip is crooked and my nostrils look like I'm an angry bull.  Nobody can revise it because he put 10 grafts in a PRIMARY rhinoplasty.  What is his problem&#63;  Oh, I forgot to mention it took 2 years to actually heal - TWO YEARS!!  Then it was basically shrunk and scooped and pointy...and bulbous at the same time - don't ask how - it just was. 	4	1	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	This Dr is a very capable surgeon. He continues to treat a very complicated calcaneal fracture with serious complications. His skill is in the surgery part of therapy. He is very knowledgable but you have to really ask questions.  		5	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	1	I owe my life to Dr Theiss. I broke my neck 3 years ago diving in a pool. I should've been paralyzed but Dr. Theiss put my vertebrae back together an now I can't even tell anything happened. Great doctor excellent surgeon. He really did save my life. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	He's my favorite doctor.  Finally diagnosed my back problem at 5 year of going from doctor to doctor.  He and his staff are the best.   Been going to him since 1996 to present 2011; 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
66	-1	Not a very good experience.  uab is not patient friendly. only go there if you have to.  Theiss is just another academic know it all. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	Dr. Theiss is an amazing surgeon and walked me through every step so I understood exactly what to expect. I agree, his staff is NOT very pleasant and I dread going for my visits every 3 months for that only reason.  	2	1	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	1	I was very determined to have my scoliosis surgery and he was more then helpful to help me get the surgery scheduled. I got the date I wanted and his staff has been very helpful with scheduling testing at UAB Highlands. Although I do not have my surgery for another week, I feel very confident in his abilities and knowledge as a doctor.  I would strongly recommended him to my friends and family! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	1	Very informative doctor and thorough. Unfortunately, a member of his staff was rude and made the consultation unpleasant.  	1	2	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	1	Very knowledgable and takes time to get a good history and lets you know options. Wait time at Kirkland is awful but Dr.  Theiss is excellent 		2	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	1	THIS IS A WONDERFUL DOCTOR AND FACILITY WITH WONDERFUL SWEET STAFF.. WHOM MY FAMILY HIGHLY RECOMMENDS. MY KIDS THINK THE WORLD OF DR THOMASON I AM A MOTHER OF 2 WHICH OF 1 HAS ASTHMA AND DR THOMASON IS THE BEST I ALWAYS LEAVE HIS OFFICE WITH A UNDERSTANDING. TO HIM AND ALL HIS STAFF KEEP UP THE GOOD/GREAT WORK AND MAY GOD BLESS U IN RETURN 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	Very kind and compassionate. Knowledgeable and I DO recommend him! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	Dr. Thacker has literally changed the lives of both me and my husband. He is a doctor unlike any I have met and I've met many in the last few years (cancer and multiple secondary health issues). I wish I could tell the whole story but he ended 7 yrs of suffering for my husband and kept me from having to go on disability unnecessarily. He RESTORED OUR LIVES and gives the best, most thorough, engaged care I could ever ask for. He listens, he asks questions, he admits when he needs to learn more. He is super intuitive and solved a medical mystery that had eluded several other doctors, including neurologists (within 3 minutes of meeting my husband). He restored my ability to walk within a matter of minutes and 3 levels of treatment. I cannot say enough positive things about how different this practice is---if you suffer, call. If you know anyone who suffers---call. We were medically exhausted when we stumbled into his office and my faith is now officially restored.  LOVE this doc! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	1	Great Doctor. He listened to me and quickly found my problem unlike the other pain doctor I have been going to for years. I can't believe how much better I feel after only a few visits. I have had epidurals for years and years and now with Dr Thacker I have just about no pain.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
70	-1	Worst experience I ever had with a Doctor. Never felt he had my intrest.Never felt comfortable with his knowledge or his ability. I left his practice.  	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
70	-1	This doctor is horrible.  He has no bedside manner.  He will witness to you while in for routine visits.  He gave me no confidence that he knew what he was doing.  While performing a minor procedure in his office I heard him say &quot;oops can't believe I almost did that,&quot; no joke.  The office totally screwed up my insurance paperwork and refused to fix it.  Finally I had to call the manager of the entire clinic to force their office to resubmit the paperwork.  Stay clear of this Dr.  His nurses admitted to me that he was a big &quot;writer&quot; which means he writes lots of prescriptions.  They said the drug reps love him.  This is probably why I was there at 7AM one day (first appointment) and three drug reps went into back before I did.  Nurses bragged that the drug reps had to get in line to buy them lunch.  Seems like the two or three times my wife or I have been sick he was off of work.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
70	-1	DO NOT go and see this doctor. He makes you feel horrible about yourself. I was insulted by the doctor and the staff. This doctor gave me a fear of going to other doctors. It took me three months to work up the nerve to go to another doctor even though I suffered from awful symptoms that he tried to pass off. This doctor truly made me cry and still over a year later makes me very upset and angry at how I was treated. It was the worst experience I have ever had.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
71	1	Wonderful doctor, very kind &amp; thoughtful. She listened &amp; comforted me when I broke down last year telling her that my sister had breast cancer at 35. I highly recommend her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
71	1	Dr. Tessen is wonderful. She takes the time to listen to you and give you options. She really cares about her patients.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
71	1	I highly recommend Dr. Tessen.  She listens and gives great advice.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
71	1	Dr. Tessen is great! She is very patient with you and will explain everything about your healthcare, or future surgeries. I would recommend her highly...  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
71	1	Dr.Tessen is very professional and instantly made me feel at ease. I usually dread my yearly examinations, but Dr. Tessen was quick but thorough. I also contacted her office about changing the brand of birth control I take, and she called in the new brand I requested that same day. I have been to a few ob/gyns in the anniston area, and Dr. Tessen is the best I've been to. Highly recommended.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
72	-1	This Doctor is very inpatient, she doesn't listen to what the patient is trying to tell her.  She always assumes, that is the first mistakes... She always forgets what she's told you from one appointment to the next.  Good thing I kept all of my paperwork to show her.  And it is true, you can hear her and her staff gossiping about other patients in the hallway.  Not my kind of Doctor.  I will be changing ASAP.  And to top it off answering her cellphone in the office while I'm trying to talk to her, doesn't even say excuse me &quot;I need to take this call&quot;...  Then she just rush you out of the office.....  VERY POOR SERVICE...  I CAN SEE WHY THEY HAVE A SIGN OUT FRONT, ACCEPTING NEW PATIENTS....  STAY AWAY....  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
72	-1	Prescribed medications without even examining me.  When i got a copy of the visit record (for HSA reimbursement), found that she had reported all sorts of examination info that was not done, on a standardized form.  Scary.  Did not get the feeling she was competent.    Quite punctual because she seemed to have almost no patients. 	4	4	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	She was able to diagnose a reason for my constant fatigue that had been missed for a long time, am improving with her care. Friendly staff, very nice office.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
72	1	We (my husband and daughter and I) found Dr. Toutanji to be a good, competent and caring doctor.  We highly recommend her.  	 8/25/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Tricare
72	-1	Every time I come, I have to wait for over aqn hour. Today I arrived at 9:00 AM and there wasn't a single car in the parking lot or a patient in the waiting room. It is now past 10:00 and I still have not seen a doctor. The staff is rude and you can hear them gossiping about patients in the hall.  	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
72	1	We just moved to town and someone recommended Dr. Toutanji.  She is very knowledgeable.  She takes her time with the patient. My entire family had moved to her. We are glad we found her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
72	1	Great new doctor in Madison.  Very helpful and attentive.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
73	-1	I am new to Decatur and have developed an ear ache and sore throat. My family has had strep in the last two weeks. My insurance assigned me to Dr. Thomas. I tried to call to make an appt and was told they couldn't see me until 4/23 - 2 weeks away. I understand that, but the receptionist was also very unhelpful and rude. I explained my symptoms and asked what other options I had in Decatur. She said I had none. After I asked two more times, she finally grudgingly said their were some hospitals or urgent care clinics, but wouldn't give me names. Just kept saying &quot;I can't help and I don't think anyone can.&quot; If this is the kind of staff Dr Thomas has, than I wouldn't recomned seeing him. I would hope for at least some caring and sympathy and some additional options when they can't help me. Obviously, they don't  want my or my families business. (I don't know about how on time or knowledgeable they are, as they wouldn't see me). 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	I love this doctor. I have used him for myself and my 5 children for 13 years now. I changed when I moved out of the area, but no other doctor could compare..So I switched back to him. He is worth the drive for me. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
74	1	he is a very good and caring doctor. i recomend him to anybody. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
75	-1	. Staff seemed unknowledgable of practice; doctor seemed uninterested in helping 	2	1	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
76	0	Very hurried. Does not like to answer questions. Does not read MRI, goes off report which could lead to mistake. Offers surgery without any alternatives.  	1	3	3	3 	Insurance:Tricare
76	1	Very patient and helpful. Great bedside manner. Office staff very friendly.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
76	1	I should have checked the reviews before I saw him.  I dance and exercise for relaxation and fun.  When my leg started to hurt me, I decided to go to a sports expert because I thought he would understand.  Dr. Taylor didn't seem to care.  His form is very thorough so imagine my disgust when he asked me the same questions over and over again that were on the form for a wasted 15 minutes.  I finally had to ask him when he was going to examine my leg.  Nervously, he stands up and then asks an assistant to sit in.  He maniputes the area and when I tell him what area that hurts, he ignored me.  He said you need surgery.  He said, however, he couldn't be sure until he did an MRI; I was sitting in the room an hour and heard him telling the other patients the same thing.  He came across to me as a liar and he never listened to my concerns.  I decided not to see him again.  Also, all of his patients are old and limping-don't go to him if you are physically active.  	3	5	3	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
76	-1	Arrogant, won't listen to you, makes his diagnosis from the first few words you say and won't listen anymore.  Always in a hurry, won't answer direct questions, never on time for office or surgery.  Does not read mri's, relys on written report (which can be wrong and was in our case).  A 7 month waste of my time.  Assistants are incompetent.  Office staff changes constantly.  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
76	0	Appointments scheduled for first thing in the morning - brought back to exam room quickly, then waited on average an hour to see Dr. for just a couple minutes. Talks so fast and quiet it's hard to understand him (mumbles). While in the exam room he acts like he is in a hurry and doesn't have time to deal with you. Does not like to be asked questions nor have his authority /expertise questioned. Dictatorial attitude. Staff friendly and helpful, never seem to be in a hurry to do anything.  	4	1	2	4 	Insurance:Tricare
77	-1	Worst doctor I have ever had! Doesnt listen to you and doesnt try to figure out what the problem really is. Scared to say I dont know. Dont go to this doctor unless you want to waste your time and money.  	3	4	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	1	a missile or small stone was lodged in my left eye, from the lawn mower; she took care of it withouth a hitch; made me love her. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
79	-1	They laughed at me about a serious problem I was having and misdiagnosed me. The staff for the most part seems very annoyed when you call with questions and they do not call you back in a timely manner. The wait time at this office is horrible but worse when you wait for hours and get no help. I had to do my own research and change doctors to ge the help I needed. I would never recommend anyone to this office and I would never trust them with my care again.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
79	0	Don't go here if you expect to be seen in under 5 hours. And that's WITH an appointment. Heaven forbid someone should get sick at the last minute and you walk in!! Staff is RUDE and VERY unfriendly. They act like they are doing you a favor to do their job. ESPECIALLY don't call this office in an emergency. Even if it is for your child. They will tell you not to bother bringing your child in (even though it is during regular business hours) they will tell you to go to the ER instead.  	1	1	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
79	-1	Do not go to this Dr. for prenatal care or delivery. Because he does not care for his patients or their babies well . Ours almost died because he didn't want to do a C-Section .  	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
79	1	The staff is very rude! Dr. Tompkins himself is a good doctor. His wife Susan who is the nurse practioner has an attitude problem and is most unhelpful. To be completely honest, she is a stuck up ****.  Really needs her license yanked for not helping patients! 	1	1	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
79	1	Excellent Doctor!  You really are in good company when you have a medical issue!  He has great bedside manner and genuinely cares with the time he takes with you!  Highly Recommended******** 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	Dr. Tompkins is a good doctor but beware of his staff.  They are very, very rude and they will not hesitate to embarrass you.  	1	3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
80	1	GREAT DOCTOR I HAVE HAD PAIN IN MY LEGS FOR YEARS DUE TO AN ACCIDENT HE HELPED ME MORE THAN ORTHOPEDIC DOCTORS THEY JUST WANTED TO DO SURGERY AND WOULD NOT GIVE ME ANYTHING FOR THE PAIN. SOME DOCTORS DONT REALIZE THAT YOU HAVE TO WORK FOR A LIVING AND YOU CANT AFFORD TO GET CUT ON AND BE OFF WORK FOR 3 MONTHS OR SO. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
81	-1	This is not a doctor that cares! I would not recommend him for a dog, or at least one you care about. He has no bedside manner, doesn't seem concerned about much of anything medical related to you. He also wrote me a Rx and NOONE told me what it was, what it was for or why I had been given the Rx. 	5	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	I've been seeing Dr. Thomason for 2 years and I'm very satisfied.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
81	-1	Unfortunately, Dr. Thomason is the least compassionate doctor I've ever encountered.  If you expect to have your concerns heard, don't go to Dr. Thomason.  He either does not believe you are in pain or doesn't care - I'm not sure which.  I had high hopes for pain relief at my initial visit - I have been very disappointed.  	4	3	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
82	1	Dr. Thomas is the perfect combination of knowledgeable, empathetic, and supportive. Highly, highly recommend. 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
83	1	I have gone to him since I was in High School...Over 20 years 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
83	1	He is wonderful..he is not so vain that he will not send you elsewhere if he can not help you. I do have to wait some times but I also understand that if someone who is sick walks in without an  appointment he will see them and he will give me the same consideration if I am sick and walk in without an appointment.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
83	1	Dr. Taylor has been my family Dr. for 4 years now. I tried several Dr.s in Arab and in Marshall county and find that Dr. Taylor will work with you, and LISTEN to you. You usually have to wait a little to get back, but he can always fit you in.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
84	1	Dr, Touli is a wonderful Doctor and is very thorough explaining the gastric by pass surgery. I would recommend him highly. I'm very pleased with my losing 80 lbs. Very satisfied patient.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
84	1	. Great Experience 	4	5	4	4 	Insurance:Humana
85	1	She and her staff are awesome.  Very knowledgeable and great to work with.  Always on time and have very modern equipment.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
85	-1	Office staff stinks. The doctor didn't do anything at my first checkup. She never even listened to my heart. She just had her face stuffed in a computer as she typed out what I was trying to tell her. Thanks for giving a fig. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	Dr. Taylor is Awesome!  I had an emergency issue, she saw me same day I called.  Will definitely use her as my regular dr. Extremely knowledgeable, very likeable.  She made me feel like my feelings mattered, and understood my delima.  She listened without rudeness (my former Dr. assistant accused me of being rude andtalking over her just for explaining my problem).   Dr. Taylor went above and beyond and I will be referring her to my friends and family in the future.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
85	1	Dr Adams and her staff are awesome.  They treated my father-in-law for several years and Dr. Adams was the only Dr. who took the time to obtain a definate diagnosis.  We just appreciate her and her staff very much and are proud that she decided to locate her practice in Hazel Green, AL.  We need more doctors with her dedication and attention to detail and knowledge.  Dr. Adams always takes time to listen and explain why she recommends what she is doing for her patients.  Her staff is always friendly and very helpful. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	I highly recommend Dr. Adams. Their staff is very professional, and pleasant to work with. Dr. Adams provided vaccinations for an overseas mission trip, and was very quick getting us in for this.  Very good health care provider! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
85	-1	I was new in town looking for a family Dr. My first visit was very unpleasant. The Dr. came in and I explained my concerns. Also, I brought info from my last Dr. to let her know what had been going on. The Dr. did not even look at the info nor me. The Dr. set up a x-ray.I went and had the x-ray. I had to call office back for results days later. I had to go back for cat scan. I called 2 days later to find out about my results. I had to leave a message with the nurse. The next day I called back and spoke with the nurse. The nurse said she had results, but no one could call and let me know. This was on a Friday. The nurse said I had to come to office for results. The Dr. was not in. The nurse was trying to set me up for an appointment for next week! Really!! After I had already been put on back burner. I would drive the extra miles into Huntsville. I would not recommend this Dr. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
85	-1	The doctor is great. The front office staff is terrible, and I hate calling the office. 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
85	-1	Apparently a new patient appointment is not a checkup. You have to schedule that separately. Additionally, she does her own billing even though she has a staff. If she spent more time with a stethoscope and less time counting her dollars a la Scrooge McDuck, she wouldn't be getting this review. 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
85	-1	Waited 2 months for a new patient check up and she never even touched me. Not ONE time. Suggested I consult a specialist for various conditions (things she should be taking care of). Receptionist was very rude upon my my arrival. Staff reported incorrect conditions to health insurance company. I could have had the appointment via email and saved myself the day off work. Which reminds me, the hours are awful.  	1	5	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
85	1	She filled in for doctors during time of crisis and was very pleasant and kind. If I had her as a regular doctor, I think I would be very pleased. Nice personality and seemed to really listen. She didn't have the arrogant attitude you see in some physcians these days, she was kind and compassionate. I would recommend her any day.  	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
85	1	Constant staff changing. Dr. Adams herself is great.  Staff is lacking! 	2	2	5	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
85	1	She was very helpful and understanding. I have been to most of the other doctors in the area and she seem to be the most knowledgable and helpful of them all. I would highly recommend her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
85	-1	This doctor shows up to work with blue jeans and flip flops...her staff doesnt wash their hands very much, didnt wear gloves when drawing blood, and she isnt a morning person. she shows up when she feels like it. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
86	-1	dr.traylor was convinced all of my pain and actual joint deformities were due to depression.now does that make sense to you&#63; it didn't to me either.another rheumatologist told me that actually i had a as yet to be named form of rheumatoid arthitis.(i do not recommend this doctor. ) 	5	5	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
86	1	I find him to be curt as one person has already wrote, however he seems very nice but rarely smiles, I will know more after 8-24-12 to hear what he suggest.The bldg smelled when I fist entered, but office was OK, just dark.  Not sure about this one 	3	1	3	4 	Insurance:BC Med
86	1	Dr. Traylor is pleasant, methodical, and thorough.   He seems to like to prescribe medications that have been tested and have a good history.  The medcations he prescribed are helping.  The practice is a ibusy one but when it is your turn he focuses on you.   His nurse returns phone calls and the med tech ladies who take blood try to be gentle.  Only complaint would be that an answering machine usually takes a message when you call the office. If you miss their callback a couple of hours later then you have to call and leave another message for a callback, so keep your phone right next to you all day.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
86	1	Dr. Traylor is knowledgeable and patient.  At first, I thought he was too curt, but realized that his nature is simply not outgoing and over-friendly.  Now I realize I need the kind of Dr. that is never flustered or panicky.  Also, his staff is so helpful.  When I call, I get prompt call-backs for my meds or any questions.  I've been going to Dr. Traylor for a couple of years and will definitely stay with him, for treating my osteo-arthritis.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
86	-1	I have had the same experiences over and over at this office with Dr. Traylor.  Once you see Dr. Traylor you are not allowed to see a different doctor in the practice.  I found a new doctor.  	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
86	0	Dr. seems to be a nice person but does not listen to patient responses to his detailed questions. Asks the same questions each time but never listens to the answers so treatment goes nowhere. And the office has the absolutely worst office/nursing staff. They do not return calls and are rude and flip when you finally do get through to them.  I will be looking for a new doctor 		5	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
87	-1	.  	3	2	2	2 	Insurance:Medicare
87	-1	This doctor had no compassion.  His bedside manner was very poor and he lacked the special knowledge one looks for when going to a specialist.  His procedures were very rough and painful, without any excuse or sorry.  He failed to warn me of the pain present in one procedure and ignored my agony.  He seemed only concerned about the money.  His nurse was lousy and failed to call or rely important information. Very bad experience. 	2	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	Dr. Thorneycroft and his nurses take the time to explain things to you and they are there to listen.  However, the reception area as you come to sign in are not very courteous. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	The best Dr. you could find.  	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
89	1	dr travelute is the most knowledge and caring dr. i love every thing about her. she is the best.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
89	-1	This doctor is nuts and unprofessional, yet, if she is addressed about specific behaviors on her end, she denies them. She can do no wrong. It is almost always the patient's fault for her errors in judgment and rudeness.  	3	2	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
89	1	Dr. Travelute is the most patient, knowledgeable and caring doctor it has ever been. She treats me as though I am her only patient and is very interested in what is going on in your life and my families life.She takes alot of time with you. You do have to wait along time to see her. She puts her patients first. Very sweet and pleasant person. I will wait for hours to see her. That is how good she is. I love her to death.  Wonderful person !! 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
89	1	. Amazing physician!!!!!  She brings bed side manner back to the playing field!! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
89	1	Dr. Travelute has been my doctor for 20 years.  I am a RN and I drive from Cullman to see her, and would never think of changing to another MD.  She is very pleasant, concerned, caring, and thourough.  I feel very lucky that she is my doctor.  I think we will retire together.   I sometimes have to wait to see her because she does take time with her patients, but it is always worth the wait! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
89	1	Roxanne is one of the most caring individuals I have ever known.  She is a thorough, careful, and knowledgable clinician.  I could not rate her highly enough.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
89	1	I saw Dr. Travalute through her  residency . She never spoke down to the nurses and always asked the nurses their opion. I was sooo disapointed that i was never able to have her as my primary MD but whoever is able to have her is VERY lucky!!! She is great!!!! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	Ditto on the comment above me.  I've been with Dr. Travelute since 1989, maybe 1988.  Every change she's made, I've made.  I love her.  Dr. Travelute is the most patient, knowledgeable and caring doctor it has ever been my fortune to have. She treats me as though I am her only patient and is very interested in what is going on in your life as far as your health is concerned. She puts her patients first. Very pleasant person.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
89	1	This is a very caring person who takes the time to listen to what is being told to her regarding symptoms.  Very knowledgable, efficent, and compassionate.  Thank God for Very Good Dr.'s like her.  I would highly recomend her from my experience with her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
89	1	Dr. Travelute is the most patient, knowledgeable and caring doctor it has ever been my fortune to have. She treats me as though I am her only patient and is very interested in what is going on in your life as far as your health is concerned. She puts her patients first. Very pleasant person.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
90	-1	This doctors medical opinion changes depending on what the company wants not the needs of the patient. Told I wad fine by Taylor. Company sent me to a different actual doctor to find out I had herniated discs and torn muscles in my back. Man allowed an outsider in the room violating my Hippa. He allowed people with no affiliation to me or my company read my medical files. His staff nurse dissappeared with my urine sample unsealed for approximately 5 minutes. This man could care less about the needs of the patient. If you are sent to him request another doctor. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
90	-1	Dr Terry Taylor is a terrible doctor. My husband was told he broke his shoulder in 2 places at the er. He was taken to Dr. Taylor for a follow up. After waiting for hours in the waiting room Dr Taylor finally seen him and did nothing for a check up. He did not check his arm or look at any xrays. He released my husband back to full duty building scaffold. I had to take my husband to another hospital and to an ortho surgeon to get another opinion so he didnt get fired for not being able to return to work. This injury was work related and the company my hubands company is contracted through paid him off to say he was fine and only had a bruise. I would not recomend this doctor to anyone. Stay far away from him! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	Dr. Terry is absolutely fabulous.  The entire staff is nice and he did a wonderful job with my exam.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
91	1	Dr. Terry answered all my questions, discussed my son's prognosis. We were a &quot;work in&quot; appointment, but did not wait long. Very pleased.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
91	1	 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	The wait to see Dr. Theos can be long, but once we are back with the Dr it is not bad at all. This is to be expected with most any pediatric specialist due to the limited # we have in the area. The ladies in the registration area seem to work very hard and there are a large # of patients to care of at any given time. Dr. Theos and her staff take the time to explain and answer any questions we have. This was actually our second visit to Dr. Theos- for two seperate issues. I asked for her specifically due to being so impressed with the way she handled a painful facial rash my son had as a toddler that had stumped the pediatrician. She was the only one to correctly identify and treat it. The Children's South facility is beautiful- very colorful and fun for the kids.  We were even treated to a visit from Pooh and Eeyore in the waiting area today! What a treat for the little ones! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
92	-1	I live in mobile and went to b'ham to see this dr. Theos for my daughter's birthmark that is on her face. She told us there was nothing that could ever be done and to keep her out of the sun or she would get cancer. She was WRONG!!! She scared us for no reason and we have since found a great doctor in Panama City, who did a wonderful surgery. You can't even tell there was ever a birthmark there. I would never tell anyone to use her or go back there.  	5	4	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
92	1	My daughter has a hemangioma on her eye lid and has been being treated by Dr. Theos. Her progress has been remarkable. Dr Theos is very busy, and we often have to wait, but I don't feel that's uncommon. She and her staff are very kind and friendly as well.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
92	1	She diagnosed my son quickly and correctly. The two creames she recommended worked wonderfully!  I left her office with the answers I was hoping to get. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	Dr. Theos was a life saver for my child.  She is the only Dr. in Birmingham that took the time needed to diagnoise and treat my child.  She is very focused, caring and experienced in her field. I saw my child go from being sucidal to having her life back just because she could not get the proper treatment for her skin condition. Dr. Theos put her on Embrel and followed her closely.  She has always been available and my daughter who is now 20 would not go to anyone else.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
92	-1	This doctor was supposed to do a skin biopsy and and no idea where to take it from. She wanted to take a 1/4 wide about 1/2 inch deep plug out of my baby's bottom while still in diapers. The biopsy was supposed to be non fatty tissue and I had to tell her the proper site was on the arm. She proceeded to take it from there and then put it in the wrong medium rendering it unusable. It was horrible. Then she wanted us to let her try again which we refused. There was no apology or explanation just the callus response of &quot;mistakes sre made&quot;. I called the office and spoke with her nurse who was very apologitic. I told her we wanted an apology and she told us we would never get one from Dr. Theos. The site had healing problem for over a year and at some point will need plastic surgery. The referring doctor said they would not refer anymore patients to her. She also seemed to be distracted by the company of the male resident which was no fault of his own. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	Dr. Theos is a pediatric dermatologist. She is very busy, but worked us in to treat a hemangioma on the face. Her staff is always accomodating, and she is very kind. She felt terrible about having to give my daughter injections into her lip. I personally like a Dr. that I feel like cares about treating patients, and how patients are treated. My daughter looks great after her treatment of what could have been disfiguring.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
93	1	Dr Thomas Shows a caring attitude.  She took time to go into detail about my condition and I fully understood what my options where.  I would recommend this doctor to anyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
93	-1	This doctor is a bully and has a habit of treating her patientI think this docotr is in the worng profession.  She should be in s as if they are severely retarded.  She lacks profdessionalism since she is not respectful towards her patients.  She is interested in collecting as much money from you as she can. Any medical knowledge she might have is negated by her attitude. She is in the wrong profession. She cannot admit patients to any local hospital.   What kind of doctor is she any way&#63; 	4	3	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
94	1	Dr Teague has also leveled my thyroid for the first time in years. He listens to the concerns patients have about their lab work and works with the patient, he doesn't dictate or scold.  Thanks Dr Teague 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
94	1	Great Doctor.  He has been so helpful to me with all the symptoms of menopause.  However, I will say that I usually have to wait an hour or more to see him.  	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
94	1	Dr. Teague is wonderful and really cares about his patients. He has my hormone levels leveled for the first time in my life!! My GYN just wrote it off to age...well, that guy is clueless, but Dr. Teague understands hormones and is the best. I haven't felt this good, ever...Menopause has been a non-issue thanks to Dr. Teague.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
94	1	He truly knows his 'stuff, ' and for that matter, the 'stuff' other MDs should know, too! Punctuality is SURELY not the strong point there.  I think he has forgotten more than most doctors will EVER know ... he diagnosed many of my medical issues that frankly should have been diagnosed by other specialists I'd already seen. I simply wish he were not so hesitant to treat those issues since he diagnosed them, but I understand why he doesn't since they are technically not his specialty.  	4	1	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
94	-1	My appt was 9:45, I seen him at 12:00. My time is just as important as a doctors. Didnt say much at all, I left there knowing less than when I went in. Staff not helpful.  Waste of time and my insurances money 	2	1	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
94	1	. I have been under his care since I was 21yrs, he has not steered me wrong yet 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
94	1	I have been to many Endocrinologist.  He is the only one that I trust.  He is the best in the state to me.  He listens and spends time with his patients for them to better understand their medical condition. His bed side manner is the best I have ever seen.   Dr.  Teague your the best! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
95	1	He is amazing!I would recommend this young man to any one.  He is amazingly talented! In one word; phenomenal! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
95	1	This is a very polite, intelligent doctor who cares about his patients. He does everything he can to help his patients and shows them the highest respect of any doctor I have ever been to. I would recommend him to anyone looking for a good, decent, intelligent doctor that does his very best to help his patients.  		3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
96	1	Great Doctor...definitely not just another pill pusher like most pain management is.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
96	-1	. find a different doctor - trust me, you don't want your life in his hands 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
96	1	Great Doctor, great staff, I highly recommend him to friends and family, hope to see more doc's like him, great asset to our area.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
96	-1	Dr.T.has no compassion for his patients.I transferred 2 him when I moved here was scheduled to run out of my meds I had been taking 2 years. He wanted 2switch them 2 oxycontin as he said it would work better. Would not listen when I told him I could not afford the medication as it wasnt covered on my insurance. He knows patients in severe pain are at his mercy and wont listen. He treated me like crap after i told him i could not afford 291.00 for a medication because my insurance policy will not pay for it. The nurse was kind enough to write a 2 1/2 day supply while i wait 10 business days for the patient assistance program to process my application. The staff does not return calls. I emailed Dr T and was told never email a long email again. It was 2 paragraphs explaining staff doesnt return calls out of meds the application process. He has email me with any probs on his website yet when you do he tells you to find a dr 2 handle demanding patients like yourself. WOULD NOT TAKE DOG THERE 	 9/7/09	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
97	-1	Dr. Toner did not appear concerned about me as a patient, was not attentive, and made some recommendations that would have led to a number of tests that didn't make sense to me.  After getting a second and later, a third opinion, I learned that she did in fact, exercise poor judgement.  Her nursing staff was also very apathetic. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
97	-1	lack of expearence, with cronic pain. also rx knowledge.  	5	4	2	1 	Insurance:Medicare
97	-1	I felt like she wasn't concerned at all with my illness and wasn't really interested in helping me or hearing about my issues. I felt like she was just trying to hurry me out of the office..just another number, not a patient.  	4	3	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
98	1	HAVE BEEN GOING TO HER FOR MANY YEARS BUT HAS BECOME TOO BIG.  SHE NEVER HAS ROOM FOR CALL IN APPOINTMENTS!! IF YOU ARE SICK MIGHT AS WELL GO TO PRIMED!  I LOVE TO GO TO DR TOLENTINO WHEN I AM ABLE TO GET IN.  	5	2	4	4 	Insurance:Tricare
98	1	Very knowledgeable and to the point.  Highly recommended! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
