dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	I really don't like the receptionist every time I call she acts as if I am bothering her. If I wanna talk to the nurse I don't want to tell you what the problem is. I love the nurse there she is very sweet, kind and very understanding.  	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	-1	Dr. Lipperd seems very conservative.  I also asked to be referred for a test and he refused.  I got someone else to refer me and there was indeed a problem.  He's really nice but a little dismissive and rushed.  	4	4	2	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
1	1	EXCELLENT CARE AND PERSONALITY. HE REALLY CARES ABOUT YOU.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	-1	I questioned his diagnosis & asked to be refered to a specialist and he refused saying there was no need and basically dismissed what I was saying. Instead gave me pills. I asked him if it was safe to take while pregnant and was told yes. When I read the warnings on the package, it said it was not safe for pregnancy. I didn't take them & I went to a specialist on my own and was told that Lipperd's diagnosis was wrong. Needless to say, I won't be going back to him. 		4	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
2	-1	Dr. Lenahan nurses are awesome but he is not.  He does not care about his patients he leaves everything for his nurses to do. He is rude and uncaring. He is the only physician that I have ever been too that does not come back in and talk with you.  He sends his nurse in and she takes care of things.  He has NO bedside manner. Leaves you waiting forever and you can hear him in the halls talking about his patients.  He will even talk to his patients in the hall so everyone can hear him.  I heard him discussing a patient that has HPV and talking to her about treatment and treatment for her partner. His nurses are very nice they try to make up for the treatment he gives you.  He barely talked to me.  His nurse even told me to slide down into the stirrups it was like he didn't want to talk to me.  	5	1	1	2 	Insurance:Aetna
3	1	Superb service and help.  Won't go anywhere else.   Todd is Fantastic! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	Dr. Litton is the kindest man I have ever known.  His loving approach has been a blessing to me and my children.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	-1	Had a terrible experience in their office. One of the office workers called me to tell me my test results over the phone a few days after my initial appointment for a health issue, turns out she gave me the wrong patient's results who had a similar last name to mine I found out later. This doctor was rude, uncaring, unsympathetic, and treated me like he thought I was an idiot when I tried to ask questions. I left his office in tears, canceled my follow-up that was scheduled for 3 months later and will never go back there again! I ended up having to go to another doctor for a 2nd opinion and that doctor agreed that based on all the information it appears that this doctor had misdiagnosed my problem.  Truly, he does seem like a nice, polite person overall upon meeting him and making small talk with him and I think he probably is, but as a doctor he is not for me! 	4	4	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	Love, love, love Dr. Lazenby!!  He is great, and cares about your pregnancy and the baby.  He was cautious and put me on bedrest during my pregnancy and as a result of his attentiveness I was able to carry full term with little complications.  He and his staff are the best!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	i love dr. lazenby he is a wonderful doctor. i had him with my first pregnacy and i plan on having him as my doctor for all my others. he is very caring and wants to make sure u are comfortable with everything he does. he talks to you about evrything before he does something and explains it to where you understand. he is a wonderful doctor and someone i feel comfortable around. i couldnt have asked for a better doctor.  he is the BEST!!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
5	1	Love this GYN!  I finally found a great GYN that I am willing to drive 45 minutes to see!  He was very kind and caring, he wanted to make sure I understood what he was talking about.   He takes a while to get into see, but worth it! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	-1	When he first came to practicee in Dothan, he not only hurt me, he scared me and when I heard another lady screaming down the hall as I was waiting for him at a follow-up appointment, I got up and left because nobody bothered to tell me that she had gone into labor during her exam! When I went to one of his partners, I found out that he had written in my file that I was uncooporative. Funny, I thought it was the other way around! HA! 	 10/7/08	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	He is a kind Christian doctor who cares about his patients. He made sure my pregnancy and delivery were as easy possible.He's a wonderful, knowledgeable doctor.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	used with first pregnancy. good doctor, but just not my style. I like a dr that is a bit more laid back. He just seemed kind of uptight.  		4	3	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	Wonderful Doctor!!!! After suffering for years I found someone who cares! Never does anything you don't want to do, and asks your opinion of every option. Very caring and understanding person.  I would reccomend him whole heartedly! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	-1	only thing he knows to tell you is take two asprin it will get better..  no matter what the problem is! 	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
8	-1	I was misdiagnosed and treated with no repect. And, had to go to another dentist to be treated. There's a reason people say to get references.  		4	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	0	Nice man. Probably the hazards of going to see a doctor in a &quot;doctor-in-a-box&quot; clinic, but he sometimes just throws a z-pac at you without first checking out what is wrong. You don't have to wait very long in the waiting room, but you don't sit very long in the exam room, either. Go there if you want to have instant antibiotics and need a quick excuse to miss your classes or work. You'll probably get a z-pack and an excuse even if there's nothing wrong with you. Don't go there if you suspect something is really wrong. Make an appointment with a specialist. That's where you'll end up, anyhow.  		4	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	1	Very kind and caring doctor.  Takes the time to listen and is very helpful.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	1	Dr. Lee and her staff has always been polite and friendly.  Even when we stopped going to the dentist for awhile, they never made me feel guilty.  Dr. Lee has always done a thorough and as painless as possible job. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	0	Myself, wife, and children went to Dr. Lee for a short period of time.  Anna Marie is a somewhat odd lady - her affect is flat.  Though not unapproachable, she isn't particularly friendly either.  That wouldn't have bothered me if she had been a skilled dentist.  However, she did a filling on my wife that ended up abcessing while we were on vacation and had to be repaired by another dentist. 	 7/1/08	3	4	3	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	A really great family doctor. Cares about patients. Knows his stuff.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	1	Dr. Lee is the BEST!  What a caring person he is. Very smart. Excellent bed side manner.  He will explain, in normal terms,  what is going on with my health issues.   I highly recommend him!Thanks Ben 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	1	Dr. Lee is always very attentive to my needs. He makes you feel like he really cares about you. I changed doctors because the where I was going before I was having to wait up to 4 hours in the waiting room. Here I never have had to wait more than 15 minutes past my appointment time.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	1	Very good listener and treats you with respect and concern. He is the best Doctor I have ever had and I am 50.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	1	He is very helpful and down to earth. Also a very compasionate doctor.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	1	Just a very knowledgeable man with a careing personality.Tells you straight up like it is,doesn't beat around the bush.Has very good bed side mannor as well. I trust him with my life and value my life VERY MUCH !!! Best Doc in the state & that comes from other doctors I know or well that treat me for other things.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
12	1	By far the best doctor I have ever seen. He is extremely knowledgeable & if he does not like what he see,s in a patient he always looks up a Specialist for you to see. He wants you involved with your healthcare. Has a kind heart with tons of dedication behind it.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	1	Dr. Lee is an Exceptional Doctor, kind, compasionate, extremely knowledgeable. Leaves no stone unturned. Appreciate him in supporting a “Pancreatic Support Group” in the area, for his knowledge & expertise.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	1	Good man Takes time with patient. Actually listens. Very down to earth.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
13	-1	I do not recommend this Doctor! He has no bedside manners and does not care about his patients! If you are looking for pain meds and not the reason for your pain...then he is the doctor for you! He only fills prescriptions and could care less about correcting the problem.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	-1	Went to doc w varied symptoms &amp; eyes leaking yellow pus.Seen by Nurse NOT doc. $150 &amp; was not seen by a doctor&#63; Diagnosed w upper resp. infection &amp; azithromycin prescribed.5 days of this antibiotic,I am much worse now. Throat not swabbed no blood taken.Throat so bad now I can hardly swallow, barely talk &amp; pain is severe. Constant cough, which prohibits sleep. Tried contact w Dr. Lawrence, he would not speak to us TWICE via phone,was just told to go to ER. Wanted SOME TYPE OF ADVICE ON HOW TO GET COMFORTABLE. Clinic stated the doctor agreed w Nurse on my diagnosis. Without even looking at me&#63; If Dr. Lawrence SINCERELY cared about his patients,he would have taken OUR phone calls and/or offered any advice on what to do. If you want to pay $150.00 to see a NURSE,with no tests done at all, by all means, go &amp; waste your money.  Baffled at lack of interest this doctor has shown toward a patient who is in obvious distress.  Made an already tough situation that much more difficult. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	Friendly helpful and knowledgable staff.   Excellent Physician! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
15	1	He is tied for my number 1 doctor in my whole casebook of doctors (at my age my address book only consists of names with MD after them). He has diagnosed more problems correctly and prescribe the best medicine for the cure. He is one great neurologist with a great bedside manner and I would recommend him anytime and anywhere. Also he still does rounds in the hospital. I know, when I was a patient for another problem, I saw him there on a Sunday.  He is great! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	-1	I recieved a perscription and as i went to have it filled.  I received a pharmacy warning that it interacted with another medication I was taking.  I called the Office and they said to TAKE IT ANYWAY.  This didn't set right drug interactions claim lives.  So I drove to the office to show the concerns I had.  I never got to see or speak to a professional about the concerns.  Any information i got was  filtered thru a RECEPTIONIST at the front desk.  The info i got was to TAKE IT ANYWAY.  There were altrnative medicines that i could have taken that were safe but they refuseed and told me to go home.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
17	1	Excellent Doctor and Staff.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	1	Good doctor, always a long wait.  30-90 minutes before you see a doctor in my many experiences over the last 7 years.  Always seems to have an agenda ready to pitch you.  They promote Medifast, and Body For Life (+ Medifast) so be ready for a MLM presentation.  Frustrating getting regular, maintenance drugs prescribed and arranged on an on-going basis.  	4	1	3	5 	Insurance:Aetna
18	1	Never on time.  ALWAYS Late with appts.  Nurse Deborah -unfriendly,not caring, rude, and doesn't return phone calls, she ruins his practice 	1	1	3	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	1	He's a good doctor.  I used to feel like he talked down to me but I think he's mellowed over time.  Very friendly staff and they keep up with all the latest technology.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	-1	He didn't take my concerns seriously. And although I came to his office regarding a condition I was diagnosed with by two other doctors, he seemed to smirk and treat me as though I was a hypochondriac. Plus, most (not all) of his office staff was unfriendly. I have never given a bad rating to a doctor before in my life, but I have been very unhappy with this doctor and I do not trust his diagnosis as it goes against five other echocardiograms I've had over the years and the opinions of two other physicians, and against my own symptoms. I would like to think his diagnosis is correct, but I do not trust it as I feel he did not take me or my previous medical history seriously. I felt as though he just blew me off as unimportant.  	2	4	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	. excellent care 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	1	I definitely recommend Dr. Ben Light as a ENT &amp; Plastic surgeon. He is friendly &amp; knowledgeable and I feel confident in recommending him to all my family &amp; friends. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	An exceptional doctor! Very thorough and knowledgeable. Exceptional follow-ups. Skilled surgeon. I had major facial surgery to address skin cancers. The surgery had a high probability for major scaring. Today, one year later, there is not scaring. This is indicative of the care and skill this doctor demonstrates.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
20	1	Love Dr. Light'!!  Very nice, friendly, knowledable on everything I was concerned with.  Will continue to see him for asthetic services. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	I love Dr. Light. He is great with kids and is very helpful. He put tubes in my sons ears in 2008 and is going to put another set in next month. He seems to actually care about his patients as well as the fears of the parents.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	Our first visit to Dr. Lamberson was for a school physical for my daughter. Although all seemed well, I had to call back after leaving because she inaccurately completed the physical form by showing my daughter wears glasses and she does not. I was told it was OK to change it myself. My daughter said she basically just asked a few questions, and filled out the form. The office was not busy at all, so I'm not sure what was going on.  	 4/24/12	5	4	3	Insurance:Tricare
21	-1	Misdiagnosed me once. 2nd complaint is I went to her with chest pains, she was nonchalant &amp; spoke of her own medical problems. I had to order my own testing then after a full week she had not reviewed results nor called me back.  I called repeatedly and was given excuses, even told to get my own results &amp; fax to them myself.  I'm still having severe chest pains and have been given no clue as what is wrong or anything I can do to alleviate pain.  I have a family history of heart disease too.  I've been left scared, frustrated, and certain that I will be finding a new doctor.  	5	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	Best doctor I have ever had.  Very smart but personable - not easy to find in a doctor anymore. I trust her totally.   Great doctor, great person !! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	Great Doctor. Very knowledgeable talks to you as if your her friend not a nobody.  She honestly takes the time to listen and help you feel better. I would and have recommended her to several people. More doctors should be like her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
21	1	Dr. Lamberson is definitely one of a kind. She sets the bar very high as to what every Dr. should strive to and should be. She is very knowledgeable,personable,thorough,kind and down to earth. She sincerely listens to what you have to say about your health concerns and goes above and beyond to make sure that you are taken care of. She doesn't miss a beat! She is not only a wonderful Dr. but an exquisitely wonderful, sweet person as well.  I highly recommend her!! ****She also has a wonderful staff as well,very kind and helpful!****  ~ 9/23/08 ~ 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	Excellent physician. Caring, attentive, and detailed. She is very personable and I was comfortable with her from the start. Would recommend without hesitation. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	Personable, knowledgeable and she has my complete trust.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	Outstanding physician. Makes you feel you're the most special patient she has. Very thorough and caring. Highly recommend to anyone. I've traveled 150 miles round trip to continue using her as my physician.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	1	Dr. Light has delivered my past two children and my third is expected in a few months. He's treated me for a few complications (not pregnancy related) and I trust him more than any doctor I've ever seen. He is very kind and genuinely cares for his patients. He really knows his stuff and I feel comfortable with him and his staff. I LOVE this doctor and would highly recommend.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	1	I will never forget this man. He may have saved mine and my son's life. I had a hard time finding a doctor to take me with out of state Medicare when I fled from Hurricane Katrina and he took me in. He couldnt have done it at a better time within the first two weeks of getting in with him I developed Pre Eclampsia and then my son was having complications as well and wouldnt have made it much longer inside of me... and then there were a few other complications on top of that, that I had no clue about and would have thought was just normal things that come with pregnancy! I had to deliver right away at only 28 weeks. If he wouldn't have accepted me as a patient I most likely wouldn't have seen a doctor for a few weeks after that when it was safe to go home again. Who knows what would have happened if I had to wait.        He was so kind and comforting and kept me calm in a scary situation.  My son is 5 1/2, in school now and doing wonderfully! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
22	1	Doctor Light is very kind, knowledgeable, and takes the time to listen to his patients. He may take long sometimes but overall he is great! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	-1	The worst doctor ever...no compassion for patients. Has a horrible attitude. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	We have had a wonderful experience with Dr. Limbo.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	1	Outstanding doctor!  Efficient, friendly, professional, caring, genuinely concerned about helping my son.  As worried, scared and concerned parents, Dr. Limbo explained EVERYTHING and took the time to make sure all of our questions were answered.  She kept things in perspective and was very positive.  I wish more doctors exemplified her professional standards.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	1	Wonderful pediatric doctor.  Works well with child and parents addressing concerns of both parties knowledgeably and throroughly.  Staff is excellent:  mindful of school excuses/ paperwork, conscientious about insurance requirements, quick response to inquiries.  Nurses are patient and friendly.  They put both child and parent at ease.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
24	1	Dr. Limbo is a wonderful doctor. She is thorough and she explains everything. She is more caring than any other doctor I've ever known of. I just can't say enough good about her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	0	I saw Dr. Lebeck for a shoulder injury. She diagnosed my condition as arthritis. I saw a second physician for another opinion. After an MRI and consultation, my problem was diagnosed as a torn rotator cuff not arthritis.  	4	3	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	1	Very helpful and knowledgeable. Luved he and the staff.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:AARP
26	0	Feel Dr. Lammons has you tell him what you think is wrong with you and goes from there. 	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
27	-1	. I would not recommend this doctor&#63; to anyone 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	1	Dr. Laue is a knowledgeable, well balanced pediatrician.  I trust and would recommend him to anyone.  His nurses are ok/average.( I think Brenda, his nurse might have slipped in a couple comments about herself above).  The front desk staff were rude on various occasions.  I am an easy going person and easy to get along with, but they were and are absolutely RUDE! Sick kids and their parents---the last thing they need to deal with is a rude office staff during a tough time.  They have mis scheduled me multiple times and act like it was my fault until I pulled out  the appointment card everytime and their tune changed.  No telling what others have been through. It's sad that a rude an incompetent staff can contaminate a good practic.   Every doctor wr have dealt with has been great.  The Lab staff is rude also, except for the gentleman. The rude staff, however is the fault of the doctors.  They should have surveys or feedback on their staff and eliminate the unthoughtful employees.  	1	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	0	I have mixed feelings about Dr. Laue. We stopped going to him because my son was in the 5th percentile for weight at 6 months and had crossed 4 percentile lines downwards and they never said anything to me. Then the Dr. said that it was just his genetics even though my husband and I are not short or small people. He's 6'4&quot;! Anyway, we later found out that it was some medicine he was taking making him not hungry and also due to possible kidney damage. At the new doctor we changed medicines and now at 2 years old he's 75th and 50th percentile for height and weight. I never liked their office staff, although Brenda, his nurse, was wonderful. The front desk people were clueless. Dr. Laue did diagnose the kidney condition, for which I am grateful, but the fact that he didn't put that together with the weight loss was a cause for concern. I think it's way too big of a practice. They charge $10 or $20 for after hours phone calls. New moms should be able to call whenever they have questions.  	2	3	2	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	1	My children's dr. was out of town and we needed a sick visit, so we were scheduled with Dr. Laue. Well, their dr. is female and small and Dr. Laue is male and very tall, so I was concerned they would be afraid, so I told the nurse about my concerns. She told Dr. Laue and he came in and worked really hard to make them comfortable with them (He even told them that their Dr. told him to take really good care of them). He did not begin the exam until they were comfortable. This really meant so much to all of us, we would def. see him again.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	1	My children love Dr. Laue, and they are never scared to go to the doctor. I have two children and when my first was born he came in the hospital room, sat down and talked to me for a while. I always feel comfortable around him and not embarrassed to ask a question. His nurse Brenda is the BEST. She remembers my children's names when we see her out. Would recommed Dr.  Laue to everyone! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	1	Dr. Laue was a wonderful pediatrician. I was a new mother and he was very reassuring. He always took the time to listen to my concerns and no question was &quot;dumb&quot;. His staff was also very comforting to my children. He was a new doctor when we started. We had to move out of state and it's hard finding a doctor because I'm always comparing to Dr. Laue. I have recommended Dr. Laue to everyone in the area I know having a new baby or relocating to the area. I wish there were more doctors as trustworthy. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	Love Dr. Lichty.  Credit him with saving my life.  His nursing staff are wonderful. His office staff are some of the worst I have ever encountered.  I am looking for another practitioner because I cannot deal with the office staff any more and I hate their office voice mail system.  I want to talk to a person, not a stupid voice response unit.  	1	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	1	.  	3	2	4	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
29	1	Dr. Lichty combines the confidence of a very knowledgeable physician, who connects with his patients at a personal level, keeps up with the latest treatments and techniques and truly cares about his patient's health. He takes the time to listen and understand. His staff is friendly and helpful. We are lucky to have him as our family physician.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
29	1	Overall I am pleased with my visits and consider Dr. Lichty to be a knowledgeable and caring physician.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
29	1	Dr. Lichty is reasonable, knowledgeable and very efficient.  He is able to interpret life styles and accurately prescribe necessary medication.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
29	1	. We drive a distance to see him and its worth it!  Cain Family 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	1	Pleasant personality. Knowledgeable. Helpful. Seems to enjoy what he is doing and places the patient needs as his first priority.  	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
30	-1	seems like she thinks she is better than any other doctor, she insulted my past doctor,I thought that was unprofessional of her. 	1	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	DR.LADIPO IS THE BEST DOCTOR I HAVE EVER HAD. SHE TAKE TIME TO TALK WITH HER PATIENTS.SHE IS NOT AFRAID TO RUN TEST, AS ALOT OF DOCTORS ARE. RECENTLY I NEARLY DIED IN THE HOSPITAL, AND SHE CAME IN ON THE WEEKEND THAT SHE WAS OFF TO COME CHECK ON ME.SHE PUTS THE &quot;CARE&quot; BACK IN HEALTHCARE.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
31	1	Dr. Law is the best Doctor that I have seen in years. I am treated like I'm the only patient that she has and any questions that I have are answered with knowledge and care. The staff that she has is the friendliest and sweetest that I have ever run across. Dr.  Law and her staff make me feel like I am very important and they return all of my calls in a very timely matter!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
31	-1	I have been a patient of Dr. Law for a few years, and last Oct 2010. I went for a yearly exam, after waiting several hours. I was told that I wasn't scheduled for an exam. so she decided to checks other concerns, and request several tests that I didn't think was necessary, then I wasn't able to get my test results, after calling office on several occassions to let them know that I wasn't able to access the results via their automated line, the receptionist later call back and left results on my voice mail, they also said that they couldn't locate other test results, then a couple of weeks later. I received a letter stating that she will no no longer accept patients with Blue Cross, and that she is only accepting Viva Ins. She also wants to charge for copies of your medical records sent to another dr. Ironic that she dismissed her patients after running several unnecessary tests. Very Dissatified with her, It's all about money and not the care of the patient.  	2	3	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	-1	I call as a new patient to make an appointment and the receptionist was very rude and unprofessional. She seemed angry that I called at all. I was told they weren't taking any BCBS patients.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	0	I have being going to Dr. Nova Law for off and and on for the last few years. The last visit in 2010, I just had enough. I waited for a couple of hours before I was seen. When I was finally seen, I was told that i could only address a certain number of issues. I asked her one particular question and she told me; I cannot talk about that because the insurance want pay for that. After the visit, I was told that she would contact me at the end of the week to refer me to a specialty. I was never recontacted; i called them the following two weeks and the staff appeared to be angry that I called to follow-up. I was told that the they would contact me at the end of the week and i still have not gotten a call; it has being 4 months. i have seen another dr and my needs are being met. Don't get me wrong. she is a great Doctor; but she is doing to many services and not equipped to handle it. I am very upset with Dr. Nova Law's service.  	2	1	1	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	-1	I went to Dr. Law by recommendation for the weightloss program.  I am very disappointed in the staff, the doctor, the program, the facility, and the extremely long wait.  The staff are unprofessional, nice true, but lacking the polish I would expect for a doctor's office.  The weightloss program is very expensive, based on HCG, which itself is well over $270 for a bottles lasting less than the promised 30 days.  The facilies are small and cramped and not conducive to the long wait that one must expect EVERY visit.  The doctor seems more interesting in promoting additional (unnecessary) tests, diet pills, and 'other' services as opposed to doing her primary job of patient care.  I am very unimpressed! 	2	1	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	I did hav to wait and between the law and Dr.Laws office I was there about 3 hours, but I find this to beabout the same as any Dr.'s office. I found her to be polie and interested in my health. I plan to return to her. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	0	She seemed to want to sell me on her diet program.  	2	2	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	-1	My initial visit to Nova Law was to enroll in the weight loss program. If you have appointment you might as well take the whole day off work and prepare because you will be there are least 4-5 hours waiting. Each time I have went to this office, there were always 2 or more other patients complaining about the walk-ins and scheduled appointments. The office space is very small and cramped so you will either have no where to sit in the waiting room or be bumping into people in the hallways. I later went to see her for as my general doctor. I felt rushed and she was not sensitive to my needs as a patient, for example, she stood up the entire time, and would have rather talk to me about other things such as new equipment or the many services she offers! The office staffs are amateur and unprofessional, she has to constantly remind them to say or do certain things, but they are nice.   Everything just seems unorganized! 	2	1	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	1	Dr. Lake is a very kind, thorough physician. There wasn't a long wait. His staff is very kind too.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	1	She's a fantastic primary care doctor -- the first I've ever had who had given me reasonable proactive advice, and even better talked with me about weight issues without making me feel bad about myself. I'd recommend her to anyone.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	1	I highly recommend Dr. Lall to anyone seeing an informative, caring and knowledge physician.  She has been my primary physician for four years or more and is very proactive in dealing with my health issues.  She also encourages preventive care and annual screenings such as pap smears and mamograms depending on the age of the woman.  She never fails to take time to answer any and all questions.  If you are looking for a great doctor with an efficient and friendly office staff call her office to schedule an appointment.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	1	Dr. Lall is fantastic. I no longer live in Auburn and she is the single biggest thing I miss the most. She is very very caring and helpful and talks to you like a real person. Explains everything super clearly without talking down to you.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	-1	Dr. Lall seems to be out to get money, and didn't seem to care for patients' welfare. She continually made mistakes in prescriptions, and every time this happened I had to come in for an office visit (one I had to pay for...) to tell her. 	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
34	0	This so called doctor had to be the most unprofessional and uncaring doctor I have ever met.  I have never been treated the way he treated us in my entire life especially by someone that was suppose to be helping us.  He was a smart mouth, cocky, disrespectful person.  He would not listen to my daughter and smarted off at her when she tried to explain her symptoms.  The only reason we did not walk out was because my daughter had fasted for 15 hours and I just wanted them to hurry and draw her blood.  They did not send the proper results and read her ekg wrong. He told her that losing 13 lbs in one month was normal.  And that &quot;passing out&quot; was probably due to stress. She found a REAL doctor to see the following week and he was wonderful.  He has listened to her and referred her to a neurosurgeon.  Obviously Lamberson missed some very crucial information.  	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	-1	He had to be the most coldhearted, dumbest, and disrespectful man Ive ever met. He made me feel like I was wasting his time and sounded like an idiot by asking me ten million STUPID questions. He was rude beyond belief the first time I met him. I could not wait to get out of that office and almost did not even write a check for co-pay. As far as Im concerned they can shred my file because I will NOT be back. It was by far the worst experience I have ever had with a doctor of any kind. He has no humanity and doesnt care because he gets paid regardless. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	Dr.Law is a kind and very concerned doctor.  He diagnosed my cancer immediately and got me to the right place to have it treated.  I love this doctor.   :) 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	1	Excellent care with Dr. Law. Caring, considerate, etc.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	0	I like Dr. Law. He is pretty good. He is kinda stubborn but overall a pretty good doctor.  	5	3	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	1	Dr.Lasker is very compasionate,caring and treat his patients well. He provides the best care for his patients, listen and explained thoroughly. I would highly recommend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	1	Dr. Lasker is one of the best doctors I have ever known. He listens to you and is very informative about your treatment. All of his patients (the ones I have spoken with) recommend him very highly. He cares not only about your condition and the best avenue in which to take in treating it, but he cares also about your comfort and quality of life. Cancer can be tough, but Dr. Lasker helps to take away some of the sting.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
37	1	Dr. Ledet, I'm very thankful I found him. I'm 51, exercise 5x week, eat well, watch my weight, and still have high cholesterol.  He has been treating me for years.  I pray that he continues in his practice so that he can continue to treat my cholesterol.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
37	1	I have been going to Doctor Ledet for eight years. He is a very good physician who takes great interest in his patients and is highly knowledgeable. I would recommend him to anyone.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	1	Dr Lacour  does diagnose Fibromyalgia, CFS  and other illnesses that many internist and others are not helpful in diagnosing ..He was diagnosing years before some of these illnesses were even believed to be real by other doctors..He is caring, kind and interested in the patient.. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	Dr. Lacour, is not only a wonderful Doctor but a wonderful man.  He is always so caring and concerned about his patienets.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
38	1	I WOULD RECOMMEND HIM. HE IS KNOWLEDGEABLE AND LISTENS TO YOU.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	1	This is a great doctor that I have been going to for years. He has really helped me. I reccomend him to anyone suffering. He also has a great personality.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	1	I and my daughter have been seeing Dr. LaRussa for over a year to obtain allergy shots.  I would highly recommend his office to anyone seeking help with allergies.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	1	Moved here from out of state.  Used another doctor I was not happy with and found Dr. Little by chance.  I'm so glad it worked that way.  He and his staff are very professional and knows his stuff.  He actually listens to you and uses tests sparingly. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	BEST DR EVER!!!! I love Dr Lemons and his staff. He has seen 3 generations of my family, and in some cases saved lives. He was the Dr to find catch cancer in my grandmother EARLY. I was a little leery about seeing a male OB/GYN my step-mother promised that would not be a problem with Dr Lemons. She was right he has the best bedside manner, my husband is a med school student and he even commented on his great bedside manner. The staff is so sweet and fun.  I hate that I can't see Dr Lemons for everything Dr Lemons you are the BEST!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
42	1	This anesthesiologist was fantastic! Extremely caring and professional 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	. Billing department is terrible, had two different insurances and paid large amount out of pocket, three month later another bill, dentist fine however not worth the trouble with extra pyments 	2	4	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	1	I have used Dr. Law for years. I have lived in different areas and used different dentists. Dr. Law is probably the best dentist I have ever used and he uses the most up to date technology that most other dentists in AL don't have.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	1	Dr. Law is a great dentist. He uses up to date technology, and the staff is very helpful. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
43	-1	Put on cap within 3 months tooth broke off and had to go to another denist and a oral surgeon and have tooth cut out and implant done. Costing me about 4,000.00. Also pulled my Dad's tooth while he was on blood thinners. I took to another dentist Dr. Law had left root in the gum and had to pay for oral surgery on my dad. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	She is very smart physician and very thorough. I highly recommended her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	1	. Great doctor and very competent! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	1	He and his staff were very helpful and have compassion for their job. Idont care what anyone else says. He helped me via Botox treatments and even helped me find a great doctor to help with my illness.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
45	1	Dr. Lacour is a great doctor.  He answers all yours questions, test your functions, and is very kind.  I would recommend him to anyone needing a neurologists.  He has taken very good care of me, and from what I have heard he is considered one of the best in his field.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
45	-1	 	4	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	Great Doctor, Honest and very helpful.   Highly recommended! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
46	1	Easy to get pain meds from.  Easy to talk to.  	3	4	4	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
47	1	My wife and I have been patients of Dr. Lewis for over 20 years.  He has consistently provided excellent and competent care since day one.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	0	Waited fifteen minutes in lobby and a full half hour in the exam room before I was seen. Felt like he rushed through my exam and paid little attention to what I had to say.  Put me on antibiotics and steroids(even though I explained to him that steroids have a pretty bad effect on me) and although he asked about my pain level(HIGH) offered me nothing for it. Rushed out of the exam room before I could say anything else. When a nurse brought me my prescriptions I asked her about getting something, anything for pain she told me the steroids should make feel a little better and basically pushed me out of the door. If this is the kind of care and lack of concern i can expect from this office I Will NOT return to Dr.  Levine in the future! 	3	1	1	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
48	1	Dr. Levine is an excellent ENT.  He cares for my husband and my daughters.  He performed sinus surgery on my husband,removed a tube from my older daughters ears and treats her allergies, and placed tubes in my 5 month old.  He has the best bedside mannger ever.  You couldn't ask for a nicer doctor who is willing to spend time with you and answer every question you have.  Highly recommend him if you need an ENT.  And even though he is in Gardendale, we drive from Pelham to see him.  Worth every mile.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	1	Dr Levine did my nasal surgery. He was very proficient. He was answered all my questions with ease. I would highly recommend him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	He anticipated all my needs before I even knew I needed it. Dr. Levine is a caring and attentive doctor. I highly recommend him. I have many doctors closer to me, but Dr. Levine is well worth the drive to his office. 	 4/8/07		5	5	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	Dr. Levine has been taking care of my son for the last 8 years. His office staff is friendly and efficient. You don't have to wait very long at all to see him. He is very charming and has a wonderful bedside manner. Being a father of 3 young children himself, he is very good with my 8 yr old son. He recently moved offices which was a longer drive for us, but that didn't deter me from letting him continue to care for my son. Needless to say, I highly recommend Dr. Levine if you need a great ENT.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	1	Dr. Lipton and his staff were wonderful to me after I was injured.  He followed medical protocol and made sure that he had done everything that could be done for me.  He is one of the few doctors I have visited who actually cared about the end result his patient would face.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
49	-1	he is not an honest physician. 		3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	I went to Dr. Lightfoot after a previous root canal failed. He did the second root canal quickly but he charged full price even though he only needed to do the tip to finish off the canal. Then, when I went back for a followup, he charged another $200.00. Followups should be included in the original $800.00 root canal price. In addition to being expensive, he is VERY cold. I would use him again if I couldn't find another GOOD specialist for this type of work.     	5	5	5	5 	Insurance: Blue Cross / Blue Shield Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
51	1	Very personable, worked very well with my 2 year old.  Wish he would have brought the x-rays in to review.  	4	2	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
51	1	Dr Lawley may be a new doctor, but when it comes to dedication, knowledge, and skill he is excellent. It's great to have a doctor just be real with you and give you your options! Staff was great, knowledgeable RN and very friendly secretary. Glad we had him when our child got injured! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
51	1	Very happy with Dr. Lawley and his staff. He is new, but very intelligent. I thank them for their great work with my daughter's broken arm! Thank you! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
51	1	Very pleased with the treatment received. Daughter was treated for clubfoot and am happy with the service and care we received. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
51	-1	Young doctor which shows in his practice skills.  Not very self confident, treats by the book rather than realizing that every case is different.  Just not comfortable enough with Dr Lawley to continue treatment with him. 	3	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	Unfortunately, the work I needed done had to be done on a Friday morning.  I think he was on the way to the lake or something because he was very short with me and hurried the process along.  The reason I didn't return is that the staff hounded me for insurance information even though I told them I was paying cash.  I have since learned not to tell a dental office you even have insurance if you intend to pay cash.  You may wonder why I am paying cash.  Well, if your dentist fails to perform a procedure correctly, the insurance company will not pay ANOTHER dentist to repair it, but if I don't feel confident in that dentist I will cough up the money and have another dentist repair the work.  I had just moved to Montgomery and saw Dr. Legrand in the phone book.  Their hounding of me for insurance extended into my visit and by the time Dr. Legrand got to me he was in a &quot;rush.&quot;  They should have accepted I was paying cash and left it at that.  	2	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
53	1	Busy, but took time to explain my diagnosis and why treatment was not needed at this time. Scheduled follow up appointment if worse.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
53	-1	BEDSIDE MANNER WAS TERRIBLE. SHE IS RUDE AND SEEMS NOT TO KNOW WHAT SHE'S TALKING ABOUT. WILL NEVER GO TO HER AGAIN.  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Tricare
54	1	. Dr Leberte is very caring and efficient! Will not see any other ortho doc! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	1	Dr. Leberte is awesome. He is one of the best knee surgeons you will ever find.  	 5/6/09	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
55	1	My oldest son has autism.  We have tried several eye doctors but none compare to Dr. Lewis.  Now my youngest son goes to her as well.  We drive about 2 1/2 to 3 hours to see her but she is totally worth it.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
55	1	My daughter had a lazy eye.  We had to wear a patch for a year and had excellent results.  Dr Lewis is professional and personable.  Children relate well to her.  She never rushes patients through an appointment.  She even helped us choose cute frames last time we bought glasses for my teen daughter.  We have used her as our Dr for oveer 10 years and drive 2 hours for appointments!  She is worth it.   You will love her and so will your children!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
55	1	Dr. Lewis has been my sons' optometrist for four years. She evaluated one of my sons for a lazy eye, which she suggested patching for; we did, and it made the eye become very controlled. She evaluated my other son, and determined his perfect vision. Dr. Lewis evaluates my son that has the very controlled lazy eye once a year, and while there is always about a 30 min. wait, we believe it is worth her careful evaluation, down to earth explanations, attentiveness, and cheerfulness. Recently, my son with perfect vision was seen for an accident with his eye that was caused by a thrown toy. Dr. Lewis required two visits, but waived the deductible for the second visit, and the medication she prescribed worked marvelously in just one day, even through we gave it three days. She is very concerned about my son with the controlled lazy eye, because he has TBI. It is very reassuring to know he has a doctor who cares about more than his eyes. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	She is a great doctor.  She takes her time when doing the work, and doesn't hurt you like other dentists might! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
57	1	Dr. Lassiter helped me through one of the most trying times of my life, miscarriage.  She was so kind, loving, and compassionate.  She even came in early one morning to perform my surgery.  She is an excellent physician and surgeon.  I would recommend her without hesitation.  Patty, her nurse practitioner, saw me for follow up after my surgery and was equally as caring and compassionate.  These are wonderful ladies and they make a fantastic team.  I trust them with my life and have for several years now.  I recommend them both without hesitation.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
57	1	Dr. Lassiter is a very good doctor to have because as i was going through my pregnancy,she was there all the time even also when i had the baby her and her staff are  very nice 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
57	1	I absolutely ADORE Dr. Lassiter. Like every other woman, I am always a little nervous going to my yearly appointment. My very first time I was so scared and nervous that I just burst into tears when I finally got into the room. Both she and her precious nurse came in and went over the whole process with me. They both sat their and just hugged me while I dried my tears and calmed down. Everytime I leave, I always wonder why I was so nervous going in because Dr. Lassiter and her nurse are always just so caring and comforting. If I move out of the area, I will make the drive to continue to use Dr. Lassiter. I have never had anything less than a wonderful experience and I have never had to wait longer than 20 minutes in the waiting room. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
57	-1	My visit to Dr. Lassiter two years ago was so bad I'm too afraid to make an appointment for my annual check-up. Notice it's been two years and I'm still upset. I also didn't see Dr. Lassiter until the exam was over. The exam, which was performed by a nurse practitioner was the most painful and rough experience I've ever had during yearly exam. This after having been through cervical cancer and a radical hysterectomy in 1999 and numerous check ups afterward. Nothing was ever as bad as how I was treated by this person. I told Dr. Lassiter when she came in after the exam and she acted as though I was making it up, that her nurse practitioner couldn't possibly have done that. I'll never go back to H &amp; W.  	1	5	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
57	1	Makes you feel as comfortable as possible. Saturdays or early mornings are the best days to go to not have to wait.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
57	1	I absolutely love Dr. Lassiter she delivered both of my children and will deliver any more that I might have. She has always had time to talk to me when I have seen her and answer any quesions or concerns that I might have had. I have worked in the medical field for years and am now a stay at home mom and can tell you a good doctor is worth waiting in the waiting room for it just shows she is very well liked.  I would recommend her to anyone as a patient who has used her for 10 years! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
57	0	I was a patient of Dr. Lassiters' for 8 years and liked her, but I moved out of state and had to use a new doctor when I had my daughter.  I came back to Dr. Lassiter this year and was very unhappy.  I was in the waiting room for over an hour and then in the exam room (with paper robe only) for 45 minutes.  Her nurse practitioner (physician's assitant&#63;) came in with a student, who performed the exam.  Dr. Lassiter never even came in to say hello.  The appointment took 2-1/2 hours and I never saw her.  I understand doctors are busy, but I made the appointment with her, not her practitioner.  I would not recommend her, unless your ok with mostly being seen by her assistant.  	2	1	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
57	1	I don't know why any one would give her a bad rating. She works so hard and is a mother and a wife and as you know a woman's work is never done. On my last visiy with her she looked so tired. I am so worried about her.  She has been my doctor since 1992. I feel uncomfortable with male doctors and I feel that having her he understands what I might be going through sinc she is female too. She can't take out a whole lot of time with you because that office sees at lease 300 plus a day. She is a great doctor. You have all kinds of patients. When going to the doctor you need to have all the questions written you want the doctor to address. She is a good doctor, she is juggling a lot of balls at this time. Doctor, wife, mother, and sports and activities with her children.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
57	0	I don't highly recommend her. She's ok, but not great. She's not terrible either. I always had to wait way too long to see her. Often I would be waiting the in exam room wearing only the paper sheets for over 30 mins! She wasn't very gentle during exams and didn't communicate at all. Overall, I would call her demeanor cold. Once she did an exam and then handed me a prescription order without even telling me what it was. After I asked, she told me I had a yeast infection (which I had no symptoms, I was only there for my yearly exam). I'm not saying that she was wrong, but she should have told me and not just handed me a prescription without explanation.  	3	2	3	3 	Insurance:Aetna
57	1	Dr. Lassiter is an awesome doctor and I would highly recommend her.  She is very caring and a wonderful Christian lady.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
57	-1	Due to her and the staff's neglect i had to have surgery again after my c-section.  NO comfort was provided by Henderson and Walton as they were just trying to cover up their mistakes.   HORRIBLE! 	2	2	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
57	0	Dr. Lassiter is a very kind physician.  However, the incredibly poor management by her staff makes seeing such a nice and knowledgeable woman not worthwhile.  Be prepared to WAIT and then wait some more if you go to Henderson and Walton (the clinic where she is currently employed).  The staff is rude and unapologetic.  Oftentimes I saw a Nurse Practitioner rather than an actual doctor despite my prior request to ONLY see a physician.  Until Dr.  Lassiter finds a clinic that matches her skill and integrity do NOT waste your time going to Henderson and Walton! 	1	1	3	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
58	1	Dr. LeJeune is an outstanding, compassionate, friendly, thorough physician.  He has helped my family and I substantially over the past four (4) years.   From a hospitalization to surgery and a difficult neck condition he has been there! thank yoy 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
58	1	first time visit, very knowledgeable explained everything in detail regarding my medical care. very nice doctor and friendly staff.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
58	0	Didn't seem to be interested in listening to my concerns/questions and didn't explain things very well.  	3	4	2	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
58	1	Dr. Lejeune is my doctor and my children's doctor. We have experienced superior service from Dr. Lejeune and his staff. He is conservative when it comes to performing surgery and performs surgery only as the last resort. He has a terrific bedside manner.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
58	1	Dr. Lejeune treated me for an ear infection and I had excellent results. I found him to be very kind and concerned.  He is very knowledgeable. He takes a lot of time with his patients and patiently answers all questions.  I found him to be an excellent doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
58	-1	. Dumb doctor 	3	5	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
59	1	Dr. Landen is an awesome doctor.  She is very patient.  She listens to  your concerns and shares great advice.  This was my first visit and I am really impressed.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	1	Dr. Landon is the dr. I chose over my last PCP. She is awesome! She listens and is very knowledgeable; answers every question and provides feedback w/o making you feel stupid. She takes her time, gives good information and her opinion. Takes care of every problem! She will partner with me to lose ALL excess weight! I'm excited! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
59	1	I think Dr. Landen is a wonderful physician.  She has seen me on numerous occasions for all types of health issues.  She's very patient and you don't feel rushed.  If one of her methods don't work she's on to Plan B,  She hangs in there with you until you fix the problem.  She certainly gets an A+ in my book.  I've also recommended my daughter and four other women to her and they are see her now and are very pleased.   Debbie Sirles 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	1	I love dr landen.  She is awesome. She really cares for her patients.  She is the only doctor I have seen that has helped me with my fibromyalgia 	3	4	5	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	1	Dr. Landen is fantastic! She's very patient and willing to listen (which can be a very rare treasure in a Doctor these days). She also is really wonderful about sharing options for treatment and discussing multiple means of preventative care. I highly recommend Dr. Landen.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	1	Very punctual, takes time to listen &amp; respond.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
60	-1	This has got to be the worst kind of Doctor you can see, only see her if you are desperate and then research anything she gives or tells you!  She is all about the &quot;MONEY&quot;.  Dr. Lindsey does not believe in the &quot;Hippocratic oath&quot;!  Be prepared to get fleeced out of your money as much as she can push it! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
60	-1	The lack of concern from this woman was very disturbing. 	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	I started going to Dr. Kathy Lindsey and liked her so much I sent my husband.  She is very personable and helpful.  I really clicked with her as a doctor and a person.  You couldn't go wrong with her as your physician.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
60	-1	I went to Dr. Kathy Lindsey for several years. She is not the worst doctor however, she is for sure not the best. I will admit that I went to her only if I couldn't shake off the issue with over the counter meds. I had been treated by a doctor that was in their office by the name of Dr. McWhorter, who is an excellent doctor and really listens to you. I had asked like a year later if I could transfer to him and she told me OF COURSE NOT. She told me that I was her patient.I started going to the ER anytime that I needed immediate care. I stopped going to seeher the day that I had an appointment and I was transferred to see her husband. He's a little better, but his cheese is still off his crakcer. I went in for an ear ache and he told me that my jaw was broken and that I didnt need to chew gum. How stupid. Just DUMB! I could talk, and eat perfectly fine..my ear hurt.....and he told me that it was that my jaw was broken not an ear ache. He sent me on my way with no meds...no XRAY nothing.  	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
60	0	DR.LINDSEY IS OK FOR A DR.HER ONLY DRAWBACK SHE ALWAYS WANTS TO SEND YOU FOR SECOND OPINION OR TO A SPECIALIST.WHICH IS VERY INCONVENIENT FOR MINOR ISSUES.PLEASE DON`T ASK HER TO WRITE A RX.  	5	5	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
60	1	Good Doctor  Nice lady in back to draw blood.   Listens to gospel services in lab.  	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
61	-1	I was misdiagnosed, waited for almost 2 hours (with my 4 and 2 year olds that she had the audacity to complain about), written a prescription that could have ended in kidney failure, she argued with me about it then tried to blame the pharmacy (even though her assistant asked me if I got the med that was called in and referred to it by name), and I had to beg through tears for a pain relief procedure.  	5	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
61	1	Dr Lal listened well.  Finally, a sports medicine doctor that can relate to my specific foot issue and is willing to keep trying different treatments until my foot feels better.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	1	Great personality.  My scar is not pretty, I had total knee replacement; I was in bad shape before, he had to do a bit more than others.  	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	1	Dr. Lemak was instrumental in the care of my knee. I have been experiencing knee problems for years and finally have some hope.  Thank you! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	-1	Problemever since my surgery was done. Went to another one .  I was told I was messed up from surgery at St Vincents! 	3	1	3	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	1	My husband had to have complete knee reconstruction surgery from a accident where he tore everything and he had a 8 hour long surgery. Dr. David Lemak was wonderful. I have always heard praise about his father Dr. Lawrence but I will tell you I couldn't have been more please with Dr. David Lemak. Because of him and his wonderful nurses my husband made a full recovery.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
63	1	Dr. Lakhanpal treated my mother for Multiple Myeloma. She always spoke highly of him and he always treated her with great respect and care. I met him during the last days of my mother's life. He was professional, knowledgeable and shared the kindest and most comforting words any one losing a family member could ask for. I would recommend him with no reservations. I wish there were more physicians like him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
63	1	very knowledgeable physician.  has fabulous &quot;bedside&quot; manner.  takes time with his patients and answers all questions you may have. while going thru my breast cancer he was very reassuring to both my spouse and I.  He is very compassionate not only with his patients but his patients families as well.  Seems to be very knowledgeable of is specialty and truly interested in my health problems 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	-1	Doctor does not listen to your concerns and is very arrogant.  Total wait time was over an hour.  	2	1	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
65	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	THE BEST NEUROLOGIST IN ALABAMA IF NOT THE ENTIRE COUNTRY!! I drove hundreds of miles to see Dr. LaGanke and would drive even more than that for the quality of care that I received. He is by far the most caring and brilliant doctor that I have ever met. The office staff was so friendly, polite, and helpful and the nurses genuinely care. I recommend him to everyone. Thank God for Dr. LaGanke.  	 6/12/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	1	I was misdiagnosed in Huntsville by 2 so called neurologists.  After multiple brain lesions while I had insurance all they did was say I must have had a stroke and left it at that.  I put in for an appt with Dr Laganke 10/2011 but couldnt get in until 01/2012.  By that time I lost my insurance and almost didnt go because it was going to cost around $200 but I heard he was the best and went anyway.  I am so glad I did because he saw that I do have MS and there is nothing on my MRI that would say stroke.  I am not happy to have MS as a diagnosis but it was nice to finally know after all these years and also to know I am not crazy nor a hypocondriac like the other 2 doctors thought just because I wouldnt accept their stupid answer of I must have had a stroke.  I would highly recommend this office and have already.  I just saw him yesterday, he ended the appointment with a hug and helped me get my medicine.  My appt was at 2:15 and I got out of there around 5pm but it was worth it. 	 1/28/12	5	1	5	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	i love dr. laganke but i stay 5hrs away so i go every 2-6 month but he is a great dr i glad he is my neurology 	4	4	3	4 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
66	1	Dr. Laganke is an excellent physician; takes the time to answer all your questions.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	0	Waited nearly six months to get in to see him for MS treatment, finally got in to see him in Jan '11, sent for MRI, and had a follow up in Apr '11, next follow was Jul '11, but before that came he decided to dump patients that he was as interested in treating and I happened to be one of them.  When I call his incompetent office staff after getting the letter I was told it could be a mistake, and the would check about it.  Now four callbacks later still now answer.  This guy may be the best, but he really needs a lesson in how to manage his own practice.  I hope Alabama gets more MS specialist and really puts him out of business.  	1	2	1	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	1	Dr. Laganke is an excellent, knowledgeable and caring doctor.  Unfortunately, he just has too many patients and cannot provide the necessary care for all of them.  The staff frequently fails to return phone calls even when I stress the importance of the issue.  He is the best MS doctor in Alabama, but if you can't reach him when you need medical assistance then it doesn't really matter.  	1	2	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	1	I was sent to Dr LaGanke after a bad experience with a neuro in Huntsville.  Dr LaGanke took the time to explain everything to me regarding tests I'd had done, my MRIs and lesions, and various medications.  He is a very attentive dr and takes the time to get to know his patients as people.  I will say that at times his staff leaves a lot to be desired in returning phone calls.  However, the one time I called with a true urgent issue they called me back the same day and got me on a new RX.  Also, I have spent a while waiting to be called back there but honestly Dr LaGanke is so wonderful that I don't mind.  I live in HSV which is only about 45 minutes away from Cullman but for each visit I plan to spend the day down there getting my MRI and having my appt.   Overall, I would definitely recommend Dr LaGanke!  He's a wonderful, caring dr and it shows right off the bat! 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	1	I have only seen Dr. Laganke once but he told me more in that one visit than I had been told by two other neuros and I feel I am at the right place for the first time since my symptoms started several years ago.  But, I can never get anyone to return my calls. I have left at least 8 messages and no one takes the time to call me back. I hate to see such a good dr and person get a bad wrap because he has a lousy office staff.  He needs to get him an office manager (he doesn't have one because I asked to talk to her/him and ws told there was no manager-this is the 1st problem) and let them straigten that place out. sometimes the phone will ring over ten times. Once, I let it ring just to see how many times it would ring before someone would pick it and someone picked it up and slammed it down and hung up on me.  As far as a good dr, I think I have hit the jackpot, we will see. I will just hang on in pain until I see him on a return appt in about three weeks.  	1	2	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	1	I did wait for nearly three hrs. to see him, But it was worth it. I've called the office several times and they have bent over backward to help me out. I am off to see him tomorrow so Maybe I will still be happy with him after I leave.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	1	I thank God everday for Dr LaGanke.he is very kind understanding, explains things so u can understand.He did dx me with MS. I am now being treated. the wait is sometimes long but i myself have spent hour , hour 1/2. how ever long i need him to talk to me. at first the wait bothered me but all patients deserve the same time and attention he gives me.I have no problems with the staff.however there are times when it takes a while to get a return phone call.but i always get them.no problem getting prescriptions or appt. just this week i went for blood work and was feeling really bad and was asked to wait a few minutes so she could talke to Dr LaGanke about my problems.i was given test and got immediate results had the prescription called in and 2 days later got a call from the office wanting to know if the meds were helping.sometimes people are unjust in their opinions but i just say I am one patient and he has many so I choose to drive the 2 hrs and wait because he is the best.  	5	1	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
66	1	The wait is too long for an MS Patient. 3 hours we waited to see him. That is pure mis-management. He is very knowledgable and caring. He knows MS. That is comforting. I hope someone sends him this feedback otherwise it won't change.  	1	1	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	0	Dr. Laganke was an excellent doctor, and he was recommended to me. However, I would not recommend him to anyone else. This is strictly because of his office staff. I have no idea what sort of place they're running. First, they wouldn't give me the results of my MRI. I know that you can get results quickly, they promised to call within a week. After two, I had to start calling and asking for them. It was three weeks before I got my results, and of course, no one would go over them with me. Now, I'm trying to leave them, and they have given me the runaround to release my records. I've asked for them to be released for over a month. Last week they called and said they needed a release form before they could fax my records. Then they call and say, that, oh, no, we have that, we just don't know where to send them. This is a week later! Ugh! I can't wait to get to a new doctor.  	1	1	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	0	OK...I was told he was the best.  I put my trust in him and waited nearly three (3) months to get an appointment. He seemed very friendly and caring. I signed a pain contract with him stating that i would only receive my NARCOTICS from him ONLY. A few days later, I realized that one of my medications was almost empty--NOT a narcotic.  Since it was considered a pain medication, I called to make sure it would be ok to have my family doc to continue the script, or if he needed to prescribe it.  The nurse said that he had it listed on the computer as being prescribed by my family doc, but if he wanted to change that, he would call it in to the pharmacy for me.  A few days later the drug store had nothing. So i ASSumed that he wanted my regular doc to continue rx'ing it. He found out and dismissed me from his office.  This is STUPID! Dismissed for a misunderstanding after waiting MONTHS to see this miracle worker. Maybe he's scared that he cant diagnose me--it could be personal--not me! 	1	5	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	Dr. Laganke is truly an awesome physician and person.  He has always been helpful, caring, and taken any amount of time to see that I receive the best treatment.  On my very first visit he realized my issue was more acute than expected and stayed 4 hours after the office closed on Friday night so that I could receive immediate tests and treatment.  His office staff is so far in the opposite direction that I can't believe they still have jobs.  I once spent three days attempting to get his staff to return my phone calls as I suffered extreme and life threatening side effects from medication.  If there were a rating below 1 for staff I would rate them as low as possible.  I will continue to go to Laganke because he's the best in Alabama, but I really hope he improves his office staff somehow.  	1	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	1	I thank God that I found Dr. Laganke.  I saw neuros from Memphis to the Mississippi coast.  None of them have been as knowledgeable  or caring as Dr. Laganke and his staff.  I don't understand what the other posts are talking about.  I never have any trouble with the front office.  They have all been great.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	0	My mother went to this doctor to confirm an MS diagnosis. After waiting 3 months for an appt she was given an MRI and blood test and asked to wait another 3 months for her next appt. She has repeatedly called trying to find out the results of her MRI and no one returns her calls. She finally went to her previous neurologist for advice. The doctor recommended her be hospitalized for her symptoms. The doctor said she thought it was odd my mother wasn't being treated and that it was also strange she hadn't gotten a report back from Laganke. I cannot comment on his knowledge or helpfulness because she hasn't seen/heard enough of him to even know. It has been a terrible experience for her. She has a debilitating condition and was expected to wait over 6 months to get a diagnosis and treatment. 	1	1	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	He is a very good doctor.  He treated my mother for her M.S.   He helped the family tremendously during her death.  I highly recommend this CARING doctor.  It is rare you find such a doctor as he is.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
66	1	This doctor is very caring. He spends time with you listening to your problems. He is intelligent and fights for what he believes in.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
66	1	VERY CARING AND FINE DOCTOR. HE ACTUALLY STOPPED THE PROGRESS OF MY MS.  HIS STAFF IS WELL-TRAINED AND VERY CARING ALSO.  I HAVE NEVER SEEN A BETTER DOCTOR. HE IS AN EXPERT IN MS, ACTS AS THOUGH HE HAS ALL DAY FOR YOU AND SAID &quot;I DON'T WATCH MY PATIENTS GET WORSE IF THEIR IS ANYTHING I CAN DO&quot;, HE HAS ADD DEEP BAG OF TRICKS AND WITHHOLDS NONE IF IT MAKES HIS PATIENTS BETTER. I DRIVE 5.5 HOURS TO SEE HIM.  I BELIEVE THAT SAYS IT ALL 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
66	1	WONDERFUL, WONDERFUL, ONE OF THE GREATS!!!!!!! GREAT WITH ALL AGES BUT WITH CHILDREN YOU CAN BEAT THIS DOCTOR.  HE DOES AN OUTSTANDING JOB!!!! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	1	It is not Dr Laganke that is causing the issues in his office...it is his staff. The doc is helpful, patient, reassuring and undoubtedly knowledgeable, but his staff is so problematic. Phone calls, even those of an urgent nature are not returned in a timely manner, if at all. You can't get anybody on the phone when you call because of that horrible automated system. Test results are not called back in a timely manner...and if you call for them, nobody calls you back. If you can get somebody on the phone, notes are not always made in your chart. The wait time in his office is long, but I don't think anyone minded that since once he gets to you, he spends the time you need and never seems rushed. I have to wonder if he is even aware of all the problems his staff is causing because he is so genuinely caring that I can't believe he would tolerate his patients being treated like they are. I recently attended an AL MS function and sat at a table with 2 people who had the same issues.  Too bad 		2	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	1	In the field of MS he put the doc's at UAB to shame.Very helpful and caring.  		3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	0	LaGanke is considered the best when it comes to Multiple Sclerosis...you get referred to him from all areas...yes, he is very knowledgeable, yes, he had family w/ MS, yes, he does a great job w/ research and the annual Cullman MS run...it is all the other stuff...like timely office visits...normal wait time to see him is 2-3 hours..timely test results...I waited one month just for a routine MRI...call backs do not happen...Call his office/you always get a message system...press 1, 2,3, etc...never a receptionist, a human being...yet if you are in the office they never seem that busy just for phone calls I suppose...I hope the AL MS chapter stops recommending LaGanke... I think Jeffrey Harris in HSV is 100% much better 		1	1	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	1	Very compassionate and helpful 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	Wonderful,caring Dr. Spends alot of time examining and answering questions. She has moved to a new office, hopefully this will improve staff problems.  	2	2	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	1	Dr. Leon is an incredible diagnostician.  She is always able to figure out what is going on.  She will spend time with you and cares about what you are dealing with.  I, like everyone else here, agree that her staff is the absolute worst I have ever experienced.  They have changed some of the staff, but it has not improved anything.  Their phone system is the worst and no one wants to help you if and when they call you back.  	1	1	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	-1	I did not like the staff they were rude. I tried to get my lab results and the nurse would not return my call after 4 tries. I tried to call the oncall MD but did not get a return call. If my labs were not to be known to me why should I pay for them. The Nurse was noy helpfull at all and rude. I had to use the bathroom and went by her deck and she was reading a magazine, not in assisting the patients.  I dont like this kind of treatment but what can you do&#63; 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Humana
68	-1	I went to see Dr. Leong with severe chest pain when swallowing.  She asked me what I thought was going on.  That is the reason I went to see her...if I knew what was going on I would not be there.  She talked down to me and missed what could have been serious.  After seeing one of the other Dr's in her practice, the referred me to a GI doctor who found out I had ulcers in my esophagus!!  Thank goodness for the other doctor.  I was not very impressed with Dr.  Leong/ 	2	3	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	1	Dr Leong is a good doctor. I have been going to her for a number of year. The office staff is not good. You just have to overlook the office staff to get to the doctor.  	1	2	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	1	Dr. Leong is wonderful.  I have used her for several years now; however, as many have stated previously, the office staff is the worst I have ever experienced.  Not only are they unorganized, they talk about patients in front of other patients.  In addition, they would not let me talk to the doctor or nurse one day when I was having fluttering in my chest.  The person who answered the phone was extremely rude and told me to go to the emergency room, which was unnecessary.  Very unprofessional on more than one level.  I would hate to see their practice suffer because of the staff, but it poorly reflects on each experience I have had there.  If Dr. Leong wasn't so great, there is NO WAY that I would return. 	1	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	Very fine physician with a comforting bedside manner and excellent communication skills. No trace of arrogance. Office in a fine hospital. Unfortunately, a rather weak office staff. Unresponsive to calls; get messages confused, etc.  	2	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	1	Terrific Internits...up to date on drugs.. My first visit and I very impressed 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	1	I was in a room immediately but she was too busy making jokes in the hall resulting in a 2 hour visit overall. Dr. is good but the office staff is the worst I have ever seen. It took 3 weeks for them to refile my visit-they initially filed it as my name and husband's info and then refused to answer my calls on the bill. The office manager refuses calls and answering voicemail and medical records also did not respond to a phone message or sending records after a release had been signed. Good luck if you go, again, good dr. but if there are &#63;'s ask then because you will not get messages answered quickly, if at all.  		1	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	1	Dr. Leong is one of the most skilled I have ever seen. The practice has become extremely busy, resulting in routine waits of over an hour.  		2	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	1	Dr Leong is a very very good Doctor. The office help is lacking. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	SHE IS A VERY CAREING AND HELPFUL DOCTOR AND SHE WILL TRY TO HELP YOU IN ANY WAY, VERY EASY TO TALK TOO. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	I've seen Dr. Linton for almost 7 years and I am very lucky to have her as my doctor.  	2	2	5	5 	Insurance:BC Med
69	1	I love Dr. Linton she really helped my daugther and spends the necessary time needed.   She is the best!!!!!!!!!!!! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
69	1	Dr. Linton took ample time to hear me out and give me a knowledgeable diagnosis. She stayed until after the office was closed to insure I felt comfortable with her opinions. I will continue to go to her. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
69	-1	Gives you medication and that's about it. Does not follow up well, and is basically a walking script pad. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	Dr. Linton  is very knowledgeable about both diagnoses and medication. She spends ample time with her patients and does more than just medication management. I would recommend her. 	4	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
69	-1	I was given a prescription at the time of my visit and told by the MD that I would need a Prior Approval for it. For me to call her office and she would send one to the insurance company. well, She charged me 50.00 to write this letter and I still don;t have my medication.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	-1	If you are thinking of using this pyschiatrist or any doctor with Grayson and Associates mental health, I IMPLORE you to look for other options.  I was charged for a visit with this person (Linton) that I cancelled weeks ahead of time.  They still charged my insurance and myself.  I called and straightened out the matter and still received a bill for my half of the bill (a year and a half later!!!) I filed a complaint against them and to their smugness they have not responded and I doubt they ever will.  Please look elsewhere.  There are numerous competent psychiatrists in the B'ham area. Do your homework. You can look up the physicians associated w/ Grayson at www.graysonmentalhealth.com. to know who to avoid.  You can look at various ratings sites on the net or on hopsital links such as uabhealthsystem(google it).  I will be working the in mental health field and WILL NEVER refer anyone to Grayson PERIOD. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
69	-1	Condescending in my opinion.  Not helpful.. 	3	3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
69	-1	 	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	Did not wash hands prior to breast exam or after exam. No gloves. Made me feel uneasy 	5	1	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
71	-1	Dr. Lindsay refused to consider changing medication or treatment plan for the 2 years patient was under his care.  very close-minded. 	4	3	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
71	1	Dr. Lindsay is probably one of the finest doctors I have known. He is honest, friendly, easy to talk with and compassionate. He is the only psychiatrist I have known that gives feedback along with appropriate medications and care. I would trust him with any close family member or friend totally. This doctor goes the extra mile.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
71	1	Dr Lindsay is terrific. Very knowledgable about the latest medications. Unlike other doctors, he also uses talk therapy as well as medication. The only downside, he does not file insurance or take credit cards.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
72	-1	He was awful. I had an in office procedure, and did not even give me numbing medicine. He even answered his cell phone during the procedure. When I walked in there was blood on the floor from another patient. My appt was at 12:30 he did not show up till 3:00pm, and I did not get my procedure done until 5:00 pm. Then I was hurting and he told me I would get over it, and then did not send me home with any medication. He purely tortured me. Worst experience of my life. His nurses were awful too. This all happened at Beacons womens center in montgomery al. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	I Love doctor Lawhon! He was my doctor for both of my pregancies and he was great! Never did I have to wonder about anything he always kept me ensured that everything was ok with me and my children. He was very respectful to my childrens father as well as my beliefs.  If I decided to have more chuildren he would be my 1st and only choice!! He is punctual, his staff is amazing!! I wouldn't trade him for the world!! I LOVE DOCTOR BYRON LAWHON!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
73	1	with my complications Dr. lawhon has safely guide through to the end on both my kids. I love him because he  is caring and well knowledgable of his field. He gives his best care despite your insurance.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
73	1	I ABSOLUTELY LOVE DR. LAWHON! He's the best doctor in the world.  Not only is the staff friendly but he is just as nice & knowledgable! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
73	1	He worked my pregnancy although he annoyed me by not telling me all out at first that i had preeclampsia he was working around me to make sure i was healthy and not trying to scare me. he had to make very hard decisions about when to take the baby. when he finally decided to take my baby she decelled and the staff walked in and just started working. he told me the best choice would be a c-section and I went in at 6 and 10 minutes later my baby girl was here.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
74	-1	Missed a critical diagnosis in a family member.  I, a family member, and a friend have experienced superficial exams and will no longer see her. Very vague when answering my questions. I went to another MD recently who instantly had a plan A and a plan B for something that has bothered me for two years that should not be difficult to manage. Some staff are very rude. My family, a friend, and I will no longer see her; and, because UAB Clinic will not permit you to switch doctors, all have sought or are seeking care somewhere other than UAB outpatient clinics.  	2	3	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
74	-1	This doctor was unable to diagnose a simple case of poison ivy and she said she had no idea about chigger or tic bites!  She also on another occasion was unable to palpate my abdomen correctly and told me she didn't know what she was feeling! After being a patient of hers for several years, giving her one chance after another, (with my blood pressure abnormally high on every visit because of anxiety) I finally changed doctors when she flatly refused to give me Tamiflu at a time I needed it. (I went to another doctor and got it immediately). In my opinion she is a poor diagnostician and she makes the patient feel very uncomfortable. I actually wrote a letter of complaint to UAB about this doctor in the end. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
74	1	seems rushed and has not followed through on finding out my medical problem 	1	3	4	3 	Insurance:Unknown
74	-1	After seeing her for 4 years and her knowing my entire medical history she did not diagnose type II diabetes in me. She told me that all the seizures (symptoms) that I had were all in my head and so were all my other symptoms.  After changing docs and of course seeing an excellent psychiatrist who told me it was not in my head. A neurologist to rule out epilepsy and MS (all in my family) EEG's EKG's MRI with contrast of my head etc. It was finally the shrink who said you are not having panic attacks you are experiencing hypoglycemia due to prediabetic insulance resistance which also explained me not being able to lose weight.  Insuline turned out to be twice the normal range and I failed the 2 hours glucose tolerance test.  I was 39 at the time and I had had high blood pressure and cholesterol since my 20's (bad dna). All she would have had to do was that glucose tolerance test. My past 1  1/2 years has been a nightmare.  Thanks Dr.  Lejeune! Go learn about type 2!! Horrible nurse too!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Tricare
74	0	I use to be a patient of Dr. Lejeune but finally decide to find another doctor...the last 2 times I saw her she didn't have the xrays that were done on me and acted annoyed at me for her own office mistakes.....another time I felt bad and she didn't even do a strep culture on me. I had to ask the nurse again as I was leaving. Just felt her personality started changing and I was just another patient. I ended up seeing the other lady doctor in her practice b/c something came up...I really liked her and tried making another appt with her. The office said I couldn't do that. I mean -I am the patient and I am paying with my own money. I should be able to see who I like....left and never went back.  	4	3	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
74	1	An excellent doctor, she takes the time to sit down and discuss issues with me. Attentive to details, has found the root causes of several problems by asking the right questions, and explains what is happening in terms I can understand. Have referred several friends, and all have been satisfied.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
74	1	very sweet lady, spent a long time with me. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
75	1	. Excellent! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
76	1	Dr. Li makes himself available to his patients by sharing his time between 2 locations in Birmingham, AL...he works at Acton Road Family Dentistry AND Warrior Family Dentistry so I know that I can get an appointment when it is convenient for ME! Thank goodness because with my schedule I need a flexible dentist! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
77	-1	Dr. Lawrence Lemak was my doctor. I was not confident in his findings. I called numerous times to ask questions but he and his staff never called. He finally did call and acted like he didn't even know what he had already done with me. I understand that you have a lot of patients but I assumed he would at least have my records pulled up while on the phone. Results: He put me in a cast for 6 weeks, conducted CT scan and waited a month for results only for him to tell me everything looks fine but wants to put me in a cast for another month. I was just not satified. Now I can't even get a hold of anyone to pick up my records to see someone else. UNACCEPTABLE!!  I just didn't feel important.  	2	5	1	2 	Insurance:Tricare
77	1	I was pleased with my experience at Lemak Sports Medicine &amp; Orthopedics. Dr. Lemak and his staff were instrumental in providing top-notch care. I highly recommend Dr. Lemak. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
79	-1	If not for my intervention, my father would have died under the care of dr. lango.  My father underwent heart valve surgery under dr. lango's care.  He left ECM hospital following surgery.  He was sent to Glenwood Rehab.  The surgeion and dr. lango said several times prior to surgery, special attention needed to be paid to my fathers kidney function following surgery. Despite the initial concern, my father was sent to Glenwood rehab following his surgery without monitoring of his kidney function.  Following an almost two week stay at Glenwood, I visited my father very concerned about his declining physical state.  A few days following his surgery at ECM hospital, he was able to walk several hundred feet.  After his care at Glenwood as prescribed by dr. lango, he was unable to wal 15 feet to the restroom.  My mom and I demanded Glenwood call an ambulance to transfer him back to ECM hospital.  After a five hour wait wait he was diagnosed with dehydration and excessive calcium levels..  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
80	1	I really don't know where to start, I saw the D.O. across the street when I first moved to Cherokee County.What a critical mistake that was.This,so called, Family pracic Physician. Has ruined my Career by Misdiagnosing me for 6 painful years of daily suffering. I finally had gone through my 401K, had to sell prescious Iems I colleced.I've been in Medicine for 35 years.My plan was tto move to B'ham , tak cae of m dtying fathhr (An Exremel Stressful 24/7 job.) , come to My Uncle's home on Weiss Lake, rest and recouprerate, then return to U of F Jax-Shand's Health Complex., where the Toxicology/Poison&Drug; Infomation Center is located. The rationale for selecting this D.O. was, they advisd me that they took my Humana Insurance, which was then Cobra.After paying my Co-Pay$10-$15 for All Visits &amp; Labs,I received a Bill.In essence,I was advised She only takes Humana Military!I stayed with her because office visits were $60, but jumped to $100,She truely makes her living with a Pen &amp; Rx Pad ! 	 8/21/11	3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	 	5	5	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	Very warm, helpful, knowledgeable. Made a difficult time much more tolerable by his kindness.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
81	-1	. his lack of informing and listening to my father hastened hsi death 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
82	1	Great Dr. and staff they are so caring. She has kept my husband alive with the help of two other people God and Dr. Tincher. We miss her so much.  She needs to come back to work !!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
82	1	My wife was diagnosed with breast cancer 4 years ago. We did not know where to turn and was totally in shock.After the first visit with Dr. Larson, our fears were put in there place. She is one the best Doctors we have ever used. Me and my wife contribuite her life to God and Lisa Larson. She is like a badger, she never quits. You have to have someone like her because the monster she battles requires a true warrior. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	I felt in very good hands with this caring doctor. I believe that she advised me based on my personal history combined with her broad knowledge of hematology and oncology.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
82	1	Dr, Larson is the most loving and caring doctor I have ever had the priviledge of knowing. She is &quot;my hero&quot; as well as my doctor.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
82	1	I credit Dr. Larson with the fact that my husband is still living. Another oncologist had written us off. You may not win your battle but she will NEVER GIVE UP trying. I have never seen a more caring physian.  Donna McNulty 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
83	1	I've been going to Dr. LeJeune for almost 10 years. He is very thorough, he asks questions &amp; allows you to ask your questions as well. Regardless of how busy he may be, when he is with you, he makes you feel as if you're the only patient he has. He never seems to be in a hurry to get away from you and on to the next person; he will listen to you &amp; address all of your concerns. He has been excellent at working with me to keep my out of pocket medicine costs down and will not order unnecessary tests just to &quot;pad&quot; the bill. His staff has always been helpful, knowledgeable and kind.  I'll never go anywhere else! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
83	-1	. Do not use if you want to live 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
83	1	I love Dr LeJuene.He is the best dr Ive ever had.He's treated my mom,dad,& brother almost all our lives and I know his wife,kids,& father in law and they are all great people.Even though his practice doesnt take my insurance he always makes every effort to check up on how I am doing.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
83	1	A great friendly family Dr.  Very knowledgeable and personable. He will take all the time necessary to get to know you.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
83	1	He is one of the most professional and competent physicians I have ever used.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
84	1	. Dr Lemon is the greatest!  Best chiropractor in Montgomery! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
84	1	Dr. Lemon is a great doctor.  He is very caring and has a great attitude.   He has awesome bedside manners and he truly cares about the health of his patients! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
85	1	Wonderful caring doctor. Very personal service. Never felt that I was in some plastic surgery mill. I don't know who those other people were rating, but I smell a rat. Great Plastic Surgeon. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	My husband had surgery, very good Doctor. great bedside manners. we will keep using this Doctor in the future. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
85	0	Why isn't there a box to check for effectiveness&#63;  He appears extremely knowledgeable and helpful, but didn't do what I hired him to do!  (liposuction) (Since there was no box for Effectiveness, I had to mark down &quot;helpful&quot; and &quot;knowledgeable&quot;) There is absolutely no visual or measurable improvement.  Just a noticeable unwanted ridge and an empty pocketbook.  NOT HAPPY AT ALL and would not recommend! 	5	5	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
85	-1	Dr Lappert is the worst plastic surgeon on this earth I would never recommend him to anyone all he did was be very rude and did a very terrible job on surgery left lots of scars so much for &quot;plastic surgery&quot; 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	Dr.Lewis and his staff is amazing at first i was a little scared going to a new dr. but once i had my first visit i felt like i was at im! Im currently 16 weeks pregnant and had to have a preventive cerclage done and he was very gentle and has great bed side manner.  Im never leaving his practice ! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
86	1	I think dr lewis is the best dr in huntsville,and ha has the best staff.and speaks spanish thats wonderful.god bless it.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
86	1	Great Doctor, Great Staff. Awesome to deliver with and work with. They really care about you and your baby.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
86	1	I've been seeing Dr Lewis since week 17 of my pregnancy. I've mostly seen the nurse practitioner, Kristen Weaver, and they are both very nice. Any time I had concerns, they quickly addressed them and made me feel comfortable. I was diagnosed with placenta previa at about week 20, and they kept a very close eye on me and help me put any fears to rest. I'm at week 37 in my pregnancy now, so I'm looking forward to see how the delivery goes.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
86	1	Dr. Lewis came highly recommended to me, and I will highly recommend him to anyone else. He is very caring and understanding, his staff is wonderful! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	Dr. Lewis was proactive, answered our questions, communicates well and his office staff was kind and responsive throughout my wife's first pregnancy.  I am glad that he is my wife's doctor. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	Dr. Lewis and his staff are absolutely amazing! They listen and take your feelings into account. He has a wonderful bedside manner. He has managed my past two pregnancies (both high risk).  Two words = absolutely fantastic! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
86	1	Dr Lewis is a wonderful Dr. He is caring and takes time with you to explain everything.  I had to switch to him when I was 7 months pregnant and I was very nervous, but he made me feel very comfortable and relaxed.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
86	1	Dr. Lewis is a great doctor. He is very professional and he is genuine. And for those of you who are skeptical about male doctors let me assure you that he has great bedside manners. From my first visit and after he delivered my now 3 year old he still would get high recommandations from me.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
86	1	I'm very comfortable with the doctor and his staff though I don't care for male doctors. He is very professional and caring at the same time.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
87	-1	Worst doctor attitude Ive ever seen, Holier than thou, smart alec, and I was forgotten about in emergency exam room.  When I decided to leave, I was told were waiting on your urine results...I never gave a urine specimen.  Ill never go to his ER again 	5	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
88	-1	Retired. Is Medical Director at EAMC. 	4	4	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
89	-1	WAS VERY RUDE DURING AN APPOINTMENT AND DIRECTLY INSULTED MY WIFE AND HER FAMILY WHEN SHE WAS BEING ASKED ABOUT PREVIOUS HEALTH PROBLEMS AND FAMILY HEALTH PROBLEMS. MY WIFE CHOSE NO KNOWN FAMILY PROBLEMS AND THE DOCTOR GOT UPSET AND TOLD HER TO FILL OUT THE FORM CORRECTLY.  	2	2	1	3 	Insurance:Tricare
90	1	Dr. Landi did the best job on my ingrown toe nail.  I have had this done before in Louisiana and it was terrible!!!!  You can't avoid some of the pain, but Dr. Landi did a wonderful job.  She has had this proceedure before and so I think she knows how it feels!  My toe healed much better after her proceedure and it looks great.   Thank you! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
91	-1	Wish i had of read these reviews before i went to this doctor. WORST bedside manners ever and he is not concerned about your problem. 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
91	-1	Did not help me with my problem although he thought he was doing a good job.  Beware of any doctor who talks into a tape recorder while asking you whats wrong.  He has no time to listen to you.  	5	3	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
91	-1	Dr. Lincoln is a rear-end.  He accused me of seeking drugs when I plainly told him I wanted nothing but to find out what was wrong with me.  He kept telling me that I was too young for my back to be hurting.  He kept recording our whole conversation and acted if as I was this horrible person.  He is the worse doctor I have ever had...totally uncaring.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
91	1	Dr. Lincoln is a great doctor.  Very thorough and knowledgeable about the spine, with a wonderful bedside manner.  He genuinely cares about his patients.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
92	1	Dr. Lanier is extremely personable and seems to really care about his patients. He's very concerned about his patients back problems and gave me tips on how to prevent future back problems. My husband had back problems that stemed from his childhood until he started visiting Dr. Lanier. The oher services in the office like muscle stimulation are wonderful.  Go see him! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
92	1	Dr. Lanier fixed my back pain. Good guy.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
93	1	WONDERFUL doctor!  VERY knowledgeable!!   I have a lot of GYN problems and he was very attentive to my concerns/complaints.  I am a breast cancer survivor and so in turn he performed a VERY thorough exam because of my cancer history.  I would HIGHLY recommend this doctor to anyone.   I WILL be back! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
94	0	Rude, poor bedside manor, uncaring and unprofessional.  	5	2	1	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
95	1	Dr. Levin was my pediatrician until I was 21...LOL! Since I was a little girl I had a crush on him! He is an awesome Dr. Great with children and very personable. If he was to ever become a GYN, I would travel back to Birmingham just to see HIM! Love it! ---Angel 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
95	1	Very good with children.  He knows how to talk to them on their level.  Makes parents feel at ease and actually takes time with you.  That's something most doctors won't even do these days.  I would definitely recommend him.  His staff is a little slow, but it's worth the wait.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
95	1	Best Pediatrician in Birmingham.  He has helped my children for over 15 years. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
95	1	Outstanding doctor. Actually, he was recommended to me by my OB.  Great doctor and great nursing staff! 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
95	1	Dr. Robert Levin is the greatest pediatrician ever - my daughter is 23 years old now and would still go see him if she could. She was diagnosed at 16 with a rare form of cancer - which he found she was sent to a specialist at that time. Dr. Levin called us every Friday for 6 months while she went through Chemo to check on us. Now that is a Doctor!!! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
95	1	I chose Dr. Levin on a whim when I had to have an early emergency c-section. I hadn't even interviewed him yet, however when they ask you who your pediatrician will be, you have to give them a name. He was the only name from my list that I could think of as I was getting an epidural and 1000 questions. Without knowing anything about me, my history or my situation, he came to meet me in the hospital and visited my daughter every day that she was in the NICU. After a second emergency c-section, he visted my second daughter everyday while she was in the NICU. It is hard to find a doctor that finds the time to do so much. He is wonderful, caring and compasionate (although a tad old-fashioned). I recommend him to everyone that I know that is pregnant or needs a pediatrician and even recommend him to strangers that I strike up conversations with. He is a great doctor and I absolutely dread the day he retires.  I hope my children are in college by then!!! 		5	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
96	1	I saw Dr. Layton for knee issues thinking I would need surgery, but he suggested Physical Therapy for me instead and it did wonders. I can keep myself pain free now if I keep up with the exercises I learned at therapy. My husband also went to Dr. Layton for complete ACL reconstruction surgery after he injured his knee playing volleyball. The surgery went very well, absolutely no complications and my husband healed rapidly and feels his knee is stronger now than ever. Good doc, takes time to listen, doesn't rush you, I highly recommend.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
96	1	Dr. Layton is a wonderful Doctor. He has treated my knee for over three years. Previous comment stated he is no longer treating knee's, this is NOT true as he replaced my left knee in August and I know of several other people (first hand) that he has treated for knee problems and my husbands co-worker also had a total knee replacement by Dr. Layton. Dr. Layton is a very compassionate man, always concerned for the well being of his patients and what treatment is best for them, not just short term but long term as well. I would highly recommend him to anyone needing his services.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
96	-1	I don't like talking bad about Doctors but this one mmm. He's great face to face and is a nice man but I feel he only wanted me for money. I begged for 2years for a MRI and he wouldn't give me one. My meniscus was torn for the 2years i went to him and all he did was pump my torn meniscus with steriods, which screwed it up horribly making my surgery difficult and painful. I kept telling him its getting worse and the steriods don't work, he kept saying lets give the steriods a chance again. I've heard bad reviews from those who had surgery from him. He quit doing knees and is now on shoulders. Maybe he will do better with that. The nurses and other staff members are wonderful. I strongly suggest getting a second opinion from another doctor not associated with him.  	3	4	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
97	1	Dr. Liang is GOOD, but she would be great if she could speak English better. It is very frustrating trying to tell her what is wrong with you and for her to try to tell you anything. For instance, out of the blue she would say &quot;don't eat seafood.&quot; What in the world does seafood have to do with anything&#63; But her English is not good enough to explain why no eat seafood. Anyway...I wish she would work on her English and work on keeping the door close when patients are getting treatment.  I personally would have gotten better soon if I actually could have had a real conversation with her. 	1	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
98	-1	After waiting four hours for Dr. Lindsay to amputate my fingertip after an accident,he never showed and I had to come back the next day, which he was still an hour and a half late. After surgery he waited three weeks to remove stitches.  I continued to have problems which he dismissed as simple nerve damage.  I discovered a stitch he had left in my finger and upon going to a different doctor for a second surgery, the new doctor found a one inch stitch, sharp bone fragments, nail bed still intact and growing out the end of my finger, and the bone that was left at the tip of my finger was at a point.  I would NEVER recomend Dr. Lindsay to anyone.  He has NO bedside manner,and does not care for the patient before or after surgery! He doesn't explain anything to you or spend any time with the patient.  It has been four months since I first saw him and I STILL have issues from his screw up.  DON'T USE THIS DOCTOR! 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Workers Comp
98	-1	Well, the faces of the staff should have been my clue.  Unhappy staff is a sign.  Then Dr.SpacedOut jacked up my broke hand and now I've a crooked hand that still hurts.  Seems like Dr. likes surgery more than doing what is needed to prevent it.  And his being in the office only 2 days a week is very inconvenient.  Maybe he owns and runs a nightclub or something - who knows.  Either way, he should turn in his license to operate. 	2	3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
98	1	. Broke my foot in 7 places, he was recommended by the ER, had 2 surgeries, and almost a year later, I dont really have any complaints, my foots great now! 	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
98	-1	I would rather chew off my own limb than go back to Dr. Lindsay. He did a HORRIBLE job of surgery on my leg and knee after a bad break to both. A year later, I was still on crutches. I went to another orthopaedic surgeon who rolled his eyes when I told him who had done the initial surgery and that 2nd surgeon ended up having to remove large bone fragments that Dr. Lindsay had left in. I now have a limp due to a bone that healed off center thanks to the crappy surgery by Dr. Lindsay but I can walk without crutches thanks to the excellent job, by the 2nd surgeon, of correcting SOME of Dr. Lindsay's mistakes. Chew off your own limb and you'll do a better job of solving your problem.  	 4/12/07		3	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
98	1	I strongly disagree with the other patients comments. Dr. Lindsay and his staff went out of their way to make an unfortunate event in my life a little better. They were very courteous and helpful. His assistant, Lindsay, was also very kind and treated me and my family with patience and kindness. Dr. Lindsay and Lindsay worked on my arm for three hours and he did not stop until he had it perfectly aligned. I like his way of thinking that anything less than perfect is unacceptable.  I would stronly recommend Lindsay Orthopedics to my friends and family!!!! 		3	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
98	-1	This Doctor really did not seem to care one way or the other. Offered NO instructions on how to care for my problem. I had to show his prep person how to put on my OWN cast. This did not improve at the front end. His staff was a joke as well. Could not keep appointments stright. Rude and unwilling to even hear your needs. Flat out lied about not getting insurance papers. Top it all had to barrow a wheelchair from next door. No way would I ever go back. Had to go find another doctor to complete my treatment. Then still refused to let me have my records.  		1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
99	1	Dr. Carole Lane is very knowledgeable, friendly, skilled and efficient. She is the only dermatologist I will go see, even though I now live six hours away from her practice. Her staff is also very helpful.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
100	1	He was a very gentle and kind hearted man. Not only did he take care of me and my family members, I also had the privledge to work for him as a stress test nurse.  Excellant physician and a great person! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
100	1	I saw Dr. Lauten after my mother's death.  I had many questions about her sudden death; he went the &quot;extra mile&quot; to get her records from the hospital and go over everything with me.  He was very honest, upfront, and understanding  with me at a time when I was extremely fragile. I will never forget that!!!  Thanks again, Dr. L.  :) 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
100	1	I felt Dr. Lauten really cared about my health. He spent a lot of time with me. He was very kind and patient with my elderly Mother.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
100	-1	The whole time i was in his office he kept his hand on the door like I was taking up his time.  I felt like he didn't have time for me or care what I had to say.  I won't go back to him.  	2	2	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
100	1	During my visit I felt that I was treated very well.I would absolutely recommend this doctor to my family and friends.  I felt this visit was some help.Overall I would rate this visit : good. 		4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
