dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	Dr. Yerubandi is a no nonsense doctor - he was prompt, courteous and professional.  I would certainly recommend Dr. Yerubandi to friends or family.  I had a question come up after my surgery and called him at 9 pm on a friday night and got his service.  He called me back within 5 minutes and we chatted, and then called again about 90 minutes later to make sure that everything was ok.  I tried to apologize for calling him at home on the weekend, and he said &quot;Nonsense, you call me no matter the time if you need to&quot;, then he proceeded to give me his private number that he could be reached at the remainder of the weekend.  All this fuss over a 200 hundred dollar superficial &quot;surgery&quot;, which quite frankly had I been paying better attention when I left his office - would not have required me calling him at home in the first place.  I was impressed with  his response and his concern about MY concerns.  Hopefully I won't need to go, but if I do, I'd go back to him without hesitation. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
1	-1	I didnt have a problem when he removed my gallbladder, the only problem I had was that when I was in the er, he give me pain medicine and I woke up to him hitting the bed telling me I need surgery and asking if I wanted it or not and I was under heavy duty pain medication that morning so I didnt exactly know what was going on. 	5	4	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
1	-1	You do not want this doctor cutting you open!  I ended up with an infectious disease consultant because he did such a sloppy appendectomy.  I had many secondary infections afterwards.  Recovery was three times as long as it should have been.  In talking with other nurses, they all said he is a sloppy surgeon.  One even said that he's been known to drop instruments on the floor, pick them up, and continue to use them.  He's also known to remove gauze, put it down in a non-sterile environment, and then shove back in when done.  If you want to play Russian Roulette with your life, then keep your appointment with this surgeon.  Otherwise, continue checking out this website for a reputable surgeon. 	4	3	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	Dr. Yates did a wonderful job on my upper eyelids. My family was concerned I wouldn't look like Mom afterwards but I do, just younger!  The office staff was great and appointments were on time. I would highly recommend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	1	Fabulous doctor and his assistant/nurse, Beth,  is also wonderful!  I have trusted Dr. Yates with my cosmetic procedures (face lift,Juvederm fillers) and have been  very pleased with his and his staff's skill, kindness and professionalism.  I would not hesitate to recommend him to anyone who is seeking these type procedures. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	Dr. Yates performed Abdominoplasty surgery on me last summer.  Prior to the surgery he answered all my questions thoroughly and let me know exactly what to expect and exactly what I needed to do after the surgery to heal.  The surgery went very well; I healed quickly due to following the doctor’s orders.  No issues, no problems.  He is very caring and a very thoughtful doctor.  He never rushes you out and never makes you feel like any question is a dumb one.  I would and do refer him whenever I have the opportunity. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	Dr. Yates is not just an excellent surgeon, but he is a caring individual.  He performed surgey on my ten year old to remove a pre cancerous spot and also did blepharoplasty on me.  In both cases everything went perfectly.  He is precise, an artist in his work.  My surgery was almost 3 years ago, and I am as pleased today as I was a month afterwards.  My recommendation would be to say that he is the best plastic surgeon ... can't say more than that. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	He removed a deep cancer from my scalp.  I had no complications or problems, and after a year I cannot see any sign of where he did the surgery nor has the cancer returned.  Dr. Yates has excellent skills. Based on my experience, I would recommend him to anyone needing a skilled plastic surgeon.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
2	1	He treated my wife and he was the nicest and most likely the best plastic surgeion in alabama.He left hardly no scars that you can tell on my wife. Thanks dr. yates 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	0	I had to wait over one hour befor she saw me. She has poor communication skills, arrogant and condescending with me.  Lack the ability to provide any form of customer service.  The doctor thought she was a gift to me.  	5	1	2	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	My last visit was not exactly professional. His staff dropped the ball on an issue and tried to blame me. I wonder what is going on - changes staff often. Dr.Yates still has not answered questions I had at first visit nor has he helped me totally. I like him but I am very disappointed with him right now. 	3	3	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	I find Dr Yates to be very knowledgeable and up-to-date. He is genuinely interested in his patients and follows up on any problems they have. Always pleasant and helpful -- answers any questions you ask.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	Very pleased with the care provided. Very thorough and knowledgeable and seems to genuinely care about his patients. Even overheard other patients in the waiting room bragging on his great care. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	-1	. not a good doctor i suggest going elsewhere if you have real problems does not listen and will not help 	3	5	1	2 	Insurance:Medicare
5	-1	In November 2008, SSD scheduled an appt. with this man. I can't not in good conscience call him an M.D. Not only did he not listen when I tried to show him my medical problems, the report he sent to SSD listed tests he never performed. Not only is he unethical, he is a liar. 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	Dr. Youngblood is very concerned about your condition. Remembers to check on all areas of concern. He takes all the time that you need to explain the medical problem and is very understanding. I'm comfortable asking him any question. He is a great doctor.  	2	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	Great Dr very through, ask a lot of questions and always listens when you have something to say.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	-1	This Dr. Yeilding doesn't deserve the right to call himself a doctor, a physician of healing !  He was the most arrogant and actually cruel human my family and I have ever been around as he &quot;tended to our mother&quot; in the latter stages of cancer.  She had never met a stranger nor had an enemy, one of the sweetest women ever.  But this man's attiutde was &quot;you gonna' die, lady, what difference does  it make how you feel physically or emotionally&#63;&quot;  He should be disbarred from treating patients with a terminal illness ! 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
6	-1	arrogant, doesn't hear what patient is saying, likes to hear himself talk. becomes beligerant if questioned. told my mother her tumors were getting smaller and smaller 'thanks to his treatment' until the day they killed her.  didn't hear from him after that.  he didn't care enough to keep up with the side effects his 'wonder-meds' were causing her.  very, very dissatisfied with him and his treatment.  	4	3	1	2 	Insurance:Medicare
6	-1	Worked with Dr. Yeilding at a Birmingham hospital (now closed).  While he was good to his patients, he was AWFUL to nursing staff.  Arrogant, disrespectful, &quot;sneaky&quot;, told lies on staff members, etc., and he often came to work appearing &quot;hung over&quot; from the previous night.  Red face and nose, as well as a nasty attitude. My opinion is that if he truly &quot;cares&quot; about his patients, then why not about nurses who are taking care of his patients &#63;  If you're down and dirty with co-workers, then you aren't really that &quot;nice and kind&quot; on a personal level.  The man is a total fake, and in need of psychiatric care for himself - He's not stable. 	2	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	He saved my life! He became part of my family as I became part of his. Words can not express the level of care and compassion this person provides.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	1	Dr. Yeilding was my father's oncologist and head of the hospice program.  I could not have had a better experience during a terrible time.  He provided time and expertise, explained options, and provide kindness and support during the time I cared for my father in his home with the aid of hospice.  I will never forget what he did, the time he spend with me, and the way he provide the support so that my father could die in his home when the time came, full filling his wishes.   Deborah Nygren 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
6	-1	Very Poor Oncologist....Son died of cancer after Dr.Yielding said he did not have cancer.On another Doctors advice transfered son to UAB Birmingham and was told he had cancer and it was very bad and should have been caught at original  hospital.Son lived over one year thank to GOOD medical care.Was told by sons Dr 1st yr  med student should  have known something was wrong.............. 	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	Dr. Y is a wonderful doctor.  He really cares about his patients and their families.  He doesn't treat just the disease, but the person as well.  You'd be hard pressed to find a better doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	Found the right diagnosis and listened to my input.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	-1	I've never visited a doctor so cruel and judgmental on my first visit. This person Dr. Yedla definitely jumps straight to conclusions. All she did was try to intimidate me everytime I answered her questions. First impressions do matter. I strongly recommend that if you are looking for help this would not be the right doctor to visit. You will only lose time and money.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	-1	I suffer from Avoidant personality disorder, agoraphobia and panic disorder. This is a self diagnosis because Dr Yedla does not know how to diagnos people. Everytime I would go to her office, she would have 3 or 4 medical students in there staring at me and I clammed up. She would stare at my evaluation with a confused look on her face and treated me as if I was wasting her time. The last time I went to see her, she left me in the wating room for 90 minutes. Yes, and hour and a half! I ended up leaving cause I was having an anxiety attack.  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	I've been seeing her for about 3 or 4 years and she is very helpful and always going out of her way to make sure my medicines are just right.   Hats off to her office staff as well! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	1	Dr. Young has been my ob/gyn doctor for 23 years.  He has taken excellent care of me.  He is the most caring and compasionate doctor that you will ever have.  No other words are needed to explain his wealth of knowledge and his caring for his patients.  He is the best. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	-1	I fund his support, staff Karen, to be very unpoofessional and ruse. 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	I will never use another obgyn. He is definitely caring, and very professional. I never leave wondering what is going on because he takes the time to discuss with his patients in detail what is going on with them, and makes sure they understand. And he tells in detail which treatment plan is best for the dx. I have not had the experience of having him deliver a child for me, because I have none. However as soon as I find out that I'm expecting, I will be heading to his office. I believe he is the most understanding, caring, and definitely respected male gyno. I would recommend him to any of my girl friends...He is very well loved by many women in my family! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	. excellent, very knowledgeable and great personality, not to mention good-looking 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	-1	Called to make an appointment and Wilma answered the phone and was completely rude..She stated the doctor was not accepting new patients and then hung up the phone in my face. Based on HER customer service..I dont want anything to do with this office..and I will be letting everyone know! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
12	-1	Barely looked at me, and did not want to do any tests at first.  After asking for the tests, she called to tell me I had a very serious disease - over the phone and first thing like she was letting me know my dry cleaning was ready.  No compassion, no suggestion to come in and discuss it.  Maybe she's good with acne, but with more serious issues she falls short.  	4	3	1	2 	Insurance:Aetna
12	1	. Excellent Dermatologist and Staff 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	-1	My baby was projectile vomitting almost every bottle she would drink and he said it was normal(until she was 10 months old)  and that there was nothing to help it. When I asked other mother's about it, they said that there Dr. gave them medicine to help their babies and it fixed the issue. He is a nice Dr. but I don't like that he made my baby suffer for 10 months when there was something that could have helped releive her of that.  	4	5	1	2 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
13	-1	He said my baby was fine when he ended up having RSV. I took him there several times telling him something was wrong ex my baby stopped breathing in his sleep and he said I was paranoid took him to another dr the next day and he had RSV and almost had to be hospitalized.  	3	5	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	1	Dr Yoder and his staff are very friendly and helpful.  They really no what they are doing 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	1	Dr. yoder and his staff were very helpful and understanding when I broght my premature daughter home from the hospital.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	Dr. Young has abrupt bedside manner but he is a knowledgeable doctor and tells it like it is and some people don't like that. Personally, I like that. Staff remembers you and are always respectful. Dr. Young can be quite entertaining once you get to know him and he seems truly interested in your health.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
14	1	Dr. Young has been my mother-in-law's pulmonologist close to two years now, and has pulled her through many close calls. He used to have a terrible bed-side manner, but something has happened to change him. I don't know what it is, but now he's warm, caring, compassionate, and attentive. My mother-in-law is currently in the ICU with a poor prognosis. Dr. Young has been amazing with her and her family - keeping us updated, spending time explaining things we don't understand, and even personally calling us (at home) every morning to give the latest status. This new attitude, coupled with the fact he's the best in his field in our area, makes him the number-one choice in his specialty!!! Thank you, Dr. Young, we love the new you!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	-1	 	2	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	Dr. Yousuf is sharp as a tack/top notch/greatest dr I have ever seen.  Her staff is extremely pleasant and helpful.  I couldn't imagine going anywhere else and get better care. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	Wonderful doctor! I see her in the Madison office. Her staff is friendly and I've never had to wait more than 10 min. to be seen. She is very knowledgeable and spends as much time as it takes. I am so used to Drs. rushing in and out and acting like they are in a hurry to get rid of you-not with Dr. Yousuf. I feel comfortable talking to her and she seems to actually care about her patients. I fully recommend her. She also caught a problem my previous Dr. failed to catch.  I couldn't be happier with her :) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	1	Dr Yousef is very thorough in running bloodwork and giving an extensive examination. She has identified issues that my previous physician as well as endocrinologist have overlooked. She is all about providing you the best care and strongly desires you to take care of yourself (exercise, healthy diet).  She is up to date on the latest medications and makes you VERY aware of the side effects (something that other doctors always neglect).  She bedside manner is very polite and has good people skills. There is typically a 30 to 60 minute wait before being seen. I recommend her to everyone I know.  Like her practice in Athens, I know that eventually there will be a waiting list for new patients.  	 10/12/09	5	4	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	1	Dr. Yousuf replaced Dr. Do in the Madison Office on Hughes Road. I was worried but after meeting her, she was very thorough and compassionate. I will continue to see her. The staff knows me by name which is always helpful and they always fit me in.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	I love this ped. She remembers the children and is very nice.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
17	1	he is the best doctor i know he treats you like a person not just a pataint he is the kind of doc.u can talk to & he listens and talks to u about anything.all of my family sees him he knows about anything you ask him. we just think the world of him!!!!!! 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	When you become a patient of Dr. Yeager, you learn that you'll likely get in to see him about fifteen minutes after your appointment is scheduled, but it's a sacrifice we're all willing to make.  He's the most helpful, thorough, and supportive doctor I've ever met.  His bedside manner is better than the ideal, and he's empathetic to even the smallest ailments and complaints.  He learns about his patients' lives and remembers them, and he never speaks down to them.  I'm a student in the medical field myself, and Dr. Yeager always has a bit of advice when I see him about the reality of our shared industry.  He's sensitive to patients' financial needs as he realizes that our health is most important.   He takes the extra time to help us find a way to get the proper care we need.  The statistic says that your doctor only hears the first 18 seconds of what you say; they definitely didn't study Dr.  Yeager to get that number! 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
18	1	This doctor is extremely helpful. Very knowledgeable on the illness that I suffer from. She is helpful at trying to offer different prescriptions other than narcotics if possible to decrease the risk of addiction. I was very pleased and would recommend her to any of my family/friends.  	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	-1	This doctor is awful. Only interested in money. If she is knowledgeble.  she keeps it well hidden 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	-1	This Dr. is so intent on making her patients stop smoking that she actually threatend to stop treating other (more serious)problems that I had if I did not quit within 30 days. She has actually cut patients off from their daily medication for failing a nicotine test. I understand that smoking is a health risk, and that quitting is for my health, but my other medical problems were in no way related to my smoking and threatening to stop treatment in order to make someone stop smoking seems like blackmail to me.  		2	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	I would recommend Dr. Yongkuma to any and everyone 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	1	Dr. Young is funny, irreverent, direct, and one of the best diagnosticians around.  It is amazing to find a physician like him in such a small town.  He, literally, saved my father's life by diagnosing a fist sized aneurism in his stomach.  He also puts up with me, and I'm probably not always the easiest patient around.  FIVE STARS! 	 10/27/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	1	Very helpful and caring. He listens and discusses all aspects of patients care.  His staff is helpful and courteous. He was recommended by the hospital dietians for treatment of my diabeties and has done a great jjob.  I recommend him to anyone needing his specialty.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
20	1	Very professional and caring. Really cares about the health of his patients and goes the extra mile to get them the help they need. Wish all doctors were more like him.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
21	1	. love his bedside manners/ takes the time for you/ wants you better, not prolonging for insurance gain 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	-1	Don't see this doctor ever!!  this doctor and his staff will make you suffer in pain and they will never give the proper or right amount of pain medicine to you.  They want to install a $20,000.00 spine stimulator with $5,000 a year follow up appointments.  Worse group of doctors and PAs I have ever seen.  	 3/6/12	1	2	1	Insurance:Coventry
21	-1	This doctor is money hungry and wants a new boat.  He will force a 25,000 dollar spinal core stimulator on you, if you don't agree he will cut off your pain meds.  His entire staff is rude and only care about their own problems and not the patient.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
22	1	He is the best OB by far I have had.  When and if things go wrong he doesn't panic, he always knows what to do! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	1	Hate Dr. Y moved to Cullman, He's a great doctor, very caring and knowledgable.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	1	Dr Randy Yarbrough is great and so caring for his patients. DR Yarbrough's nurses are just wonderful. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	-1	My 4 year old has been seen in her office since she was born. Im so sick of this place Im on the website trying to find new pediatrician to see my daughter and baby on the way. The staff is friendly and that is about the only good thing there. The wait is usually never less than 30 min in the waiting room then another 20 min when you get in your exam room. Then when she finally see's your child she rushes as fast as she can you don't even feel like you have time to get your questions out or even understand what is wrong with your child. I would never recommend this practice to anyone. However there are a few doctors in there  that are nice and take time with your child if you can ever see them. But the wait alone is so horrible. Way to long to be sitting in the sick side.  	5	1	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
