dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	Dr. Hardy and his staff took on my full dental restoration.  Although it took several visits, I was never in any pain or shed any tears.  I have the best smile and dental health now and I owe it all to Dr. Hardy and his excellent staff. His knowledge is state-of-the-art and his staff are extremely well trained.  It was a wonderful experience.  Thank you to Dr. Hardy and his wonderful Dental Assistant, Rachel Jackson. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	Dr.  Hardy and the girls at his office are so nice and funny! It was a great visit and I am going back:) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	-1	.  	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	-1	.  	5	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	Dr.Harvey is best doctor I have ever known.  He is caring, great bedside manners.  Stays on top of the latest treatments out there.  Would recommend everyone to him.  His taff is wonderful and helpful.  Dr. Jimmy Harvey is the Best. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	A true gift from God, I am so glad I met him early in my treatment.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	Doctor Harvey is extremely knowledgeable about all sorts of cancer treatment. He is up to date on all the latest research.  His bedside manner is flawless.  Highly recommend.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	Dr. Harvey is absolutely amazing! He has a special way of making you feel better even when things are tough. He has treated me and my family as though we are part of his own. His staff is equally wonderful. They call and check up on you when you are at home and do everything possible to make life as easy as they can. They all truly care about all of their patients. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	Dr. Harvey has an great bedside manner. He is always willing to listen to your concerns. He is very much the optimist during difficult times. He will go way out of his way to research something for you and never hesitates to pick up the phone and call colleagues to find out answers for you. He never hesitates to answer and reanswer questions during difficult times. His office staff is wonderful. He is always willing to give reassurance and comfort when needed. He is the BEST! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	-1	I had the same experience as this guy:  &quot;Honestly he scared me bad enough I had to see another doctor , then I was told by him I was being treated by him not as a neurologist but as Pain management , and I went to see him in the beginning as a neurologist,He is argumentative if you ask him questions about the meds he is giving you , I would NOT RECOMMEND THE DOCTOR TO ANY ONE , I am still thinking about reporting him to the medical board in Alabama , or who ever I need to , and making formal charges&quot;.  He also sold me a vitamin for Fibromyalgia with shark fin, and blue fish lips (I mean really, WTF!!)  This was to replace my Antioxidants, Like Vit. C, B-12, etc.  This guy can't practice in IL, and has sanctions against him.   STAY AWAY FROM THIS GUY FOR YOUR OWN SAFETY!!!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
4	0	At first I thought he was great but then he put me on disability and charged me outrageous fees for paperwork I had to have. Then his office lost my chart and he couldn't fill out my paperwork without it so my claim was denied due to lack of paperwork. I appealed the claim and had to pay more fees for more paperwork. now I just found out today my claim was denied again. Also every time I go in to see him he asks me about my bill. I have never had a doctor talk to me about a bill. If he worried half as much about his patients as he does his money I wouldn't be in the situation I am in. Plus half the time there is no where to sit cause there are so many people waiting and I have  never been there less then 2 1/2 hrs and only see him 10 min. max. He will stop seeing patients to meet with pharmacy reps and prescribes meds that he gets cutbacks for.  	 1/27/10	3	1	2	Insurance:Aetna
4	-1	He is an out of network provider for my bc/bs.  The first few times I saw him, he was WONDERFUL!THEN he constantly wanted me to participate in HIS &quot;clinically owned&quot; physcial therapy &amp; I did but 50.00 co-pay each time.I explained that I could not afford this and his next course of treatment was epidurals, course of 3 every 3 mons&#63;  Then to top it all off, at my regular appointment time, i had the flu.  I called THREE days in advance, as I would be out of my pain meds &quot;methadone&quot;. I called 3 three times a day for 3 days and received no return call.  I explained EACH time that I would be out of medicine and was aware that methadone is a drug which can not be phoned in.  Could he call me in something to at least keep me from withdrawls.   Guess what&#63;  HE DID NOT call anything in for me or return a call and I went thru withdrawls as well as the flu!  His only reaction at my appt 6 days later, was I'm sorry, but there are rules! Yes but not for lortab! STAY FAR AWAY!! Remember DO NO HARM! 	3	1	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	-1	. Common to be up to 2 hours late to show up to office and he has a min of 10 people waiting on him and he is late , He would only be in the room with me for a few min and he messed up so many times when talking about what was wrong with me and I had to correct him , I had spinal blocks done with out a flora scope used , He was always out of touch when I needed him between visits , Honestly he scared me bad enough I had to see another doctor , then I was told by him I was being treated by him not as a neurologist but as Pain management , and I went to see him in the beginning as a neurologist,He is argumentative if you ask him questions about the meds he is giving you , I would NOT RECOMMEND THE DOCTOR TO ANY ONE , I am still thinking about reporting him to the medical board in Alabama , or who ever I need to , and making formal charges 	5	1	2	2 	Insurance:Humana
4	0	I found the whole experience of seeing him just plain weird.  I felt like I was in some back alley medical clinic with someone that wasn't listening and only wanted me to come back three days a week to excercise on HIS machines which was expensive. 	3	3	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	He got me out of being in bed for a year with fibromyalgia when no one else could. He is very compasionate and understanding of this fibromyalgia.  He knows how to treat it and will also listen to the patient about other options, even if you request another doctor's services or opinions.  He is very good at making a diagnosis.  I have been going to him for four years.  I would highly recommend him.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
5	1	Great doctor. I have been seeing DR. hahn for three years.  very responsive and helpful, kind and understanding.  very knowledgeable.   What else is there&#63; 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	Doctor Hahn is one of Huntsville best. Along with nurse Kathy and the rest of the team, they do their best at trying to keep me healthy and my BP low...  if I would only do what they recommend, I would never have to return :) 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
5	1	Doctor Hahn can not be matched for his concern and medical knowledge.  The medical profession offers us specialists in very detailed fields and Dr. Hahn could easily excel in any of them.  It is a privilege to know this wonderful healer.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	This is a wonderful doctor. Our entire family has had nothing but great experiences with him. He listens to concerns, is direct while showing compassion, and his diagnosis have always been accurate and fast. He works well with all the members of our family regardless of age. His office staff is professional and quite nice to everyone. I have never had a better experience with a doctor.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
6	-1	This office does not know how to deal with health issues on an individual's needs and experiences. They have often provided treatment for my family that was irrelevant to the issue or advice that was given in ignorance.  	2	2	2	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	1	I love this Dr. Very good with my children and they love him! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	0	THIS DOCTOR DOES NOT CARE IF HE LOSING PT OR. HIS FRONT OFFICE IS SO RUDE IN PERSON AND ON THE PHONE. I'M BEEN GOING TO SPRINGVILLE FOR ALONG TIME BUT NOT ANYMORE. HIS NURSES ARE REAL NICE BUT HE SHOULD REPLACE HIS FRONT . I HEARD THEM BILL A PATIENT FOR 5CENT  WAIT TIME IS 3 HOUR SO GOOD LUCK FOR ME THEIR ALOT DOCTORS. 	1	1	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
6	0	If you want to see Dr. Harris you need to be very specific or you'll got the hateful LPN Campbell. I went to Dr. Harris for a few years and rarely saw him, I was put in the room and waited a LOOOOONNNNNNGGGGG time for Sue to come in. She was rude and had a bad attitude. I haven't been back and am very happy with my new DR. 	2	1	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	This doctor is wonderful considering it's a small town.  The hours are not the best, but they are always willing to work you in.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	1	This is the best doctor I have ever used. He takes his time to talk to me and listens to what I am saying. He has taken care of me and my family and has been there for us through several crisis'. He has waived charges and provided sample medications when we were short on money. He has referred us to specialist when needed and even came to the hospitial when he was off to check on me and my husband after his heart attack. I am proud to call him my doctor as well as a good friend.  Beth Martin 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	-1	I was a patient of Dr. Harris for nearly two years after moving to the Springville area. I was very sick recently and my wife called to work me in to see Harris. I arrived at 4:58 P.M. I observed the doctor sitting behind the receptionist talking to several of the nurses. When I told the receptionist that I really needed to see the doctor, the doctor got up and walked out of the area with the receptionist relating to me that he was seeing his last patient of the day and could not see me. My response was, &quot;So you're telling me that I need to find me another physician&quot; of which I have since done. I am so glad this happened. I do not need to be paying a physician who appears in my opinion to only be in the profession for the money and who also appears in my opinion to not really care for a fellow human being who was very sick at the time. I would recomomend anyone in the Springville area to venture out to the Pell City area. There are physicians who in my opinion really appear to care. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	Dr. Harris and his Nurse Practioner, Sue Payne have been a wonderful help to my whole family. They have listened to our problems, examined us, and helped us according to their findings. I would recommend this doctor's office to anyone in need of a caring, responsible, understanding physician. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	Dr. Harris has helped my family and I on numerous occasions with difficult diagnosis and referrals when necessary. He has always been available or has had someone on call available to me 24 hrs a day. He takes time to listen. I would rate him very high.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	-1	I am not happy with this doctors drug prescibing methods. Thanks to all the Loratab and other narc. he gives my mother in law she is an addict that takes a pill so often she forgets if she has taken. she sleeps all day and stays up all night high off all these drugs. She cant work because she is in pain. Bull she cant work cause she is so high she cant see straight. He will call in meds of other kinds when she runs out of 100 or so Loratabs -she will then double up on some muscle relaxers.  	 9/8/06		5	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	The staff at this office have always been helpful. Dr. Harper has been easy to access when needed. Both she and her nurse greet you with a smile and make your situations seem bearable.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
7	1	Best doctor and staff. You rarely have to wait more than 5 to 10 minutes for a room. She and her nurse show genuine concern for you and allow considerable time for each appointment--not making you feel rushed or hurried. I would strongly recommend this doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	-1	Needs to really listen to his patient. I tried to explain my problem but it seemed he already had a solution. Get this piece of meat in and then get him out. Not pleased with service at all.  How do you diagnose a back problem and look at no xrays mri or anything just shot him up with a cortizone shot and collect my fee 	4	4	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	Great Doctor. Very friendly and listens to his patients. Took a personal call sooo what. You'd rather he excuse himself and comeback in 30 mins. That's being laid back. He's easy to talk to and he listens. Too many Docs nowadays have the GOD COMPLEX and get pissed if the patient says what he or she thinks is wrong. Dr. Hall has me on one prescription that's regular and prescribes anything else I need when I legitimately need it. So he thinks you're a JUNKIE well!!!! But he never said junkie, that's what you think. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	been kind and vary helpful when my family needed him.  staff very friendly 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
9	-1	Didn't like the fact that he accepted a personal phone call during my appointment (it was obivously personal).  Better not see him if something hurts because if you ask for something for the pain, he treats you like a junky.  	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	1	Dr Hall is great. He is very attentive and listens to you. The only problem I have in using Dr. Hall is his staff. I can't get them to call me back when I call in to ask a question. I did change to a different doctor a while back but I came back to Dr. Hall. The problem that I have now it that they don't return my daughters calls. We have started going to American Family Care instead of trying to contact his office.  	1	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	1	Takes time to listen; never makes you feel like he's in a hurry and doesn't have time for questions. Willing to negotiate treatment alternatives.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	1	LOVE THIS DOCTOR AND HIS STAFF. WILL BE BACK. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	-1	This Doctor does not review you medical records.  He tries to prescribe you medicine that you have taken in the past that did'nt work.  He is SUPPOSE to be a pain management Doctor, but does not help with pain!!  He listens to you and your concerns such as, &quot;The medication is not working&quot;. He nods his head yes while he is listening.  He then turns around and writes you a prescription for the exact same medicine that does not work!!  He will not try another med that could help my back pain!  I would not recommend him to anyone. oh..and he tries to order labs that have already been done.   He want take the time to look at your records to see what he has done in the past! 	3	1	1	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
13	1	One of the best Doctors I have come across, as I normally do not trust them. He did and exactly as he said he would, and the outcome is right on track as he stated. Went in for a deviated septum and enlargement of the right nostril. Day surgery on Wednesday, back to work Monday.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	1	My son was &quot;tounge tied&quot; and Dr. Hagood performed a procedure in office when he was 3 days old.  It did not heal correctly and needed surgery.  Dr. Hagood was very professional and caring.  My son needs to go back for tubes in his ears and I am confident that Dr. Hagood will take good care of him.  The wait is very long in the waiting room.  	3	2	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
13	1	I love this doctor he is very on task and I owe the good health of all three of my children to him. He has been their ENT since babies and has help them out alot. Keep up the good work! 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	I owe my good health to Dr. Hagood. I had sinus & &quot;allergy&quot; trouble mostly in the spring and fall for thirtysomething years. After nearly a year of recurrent sinus and ear infections I was referred to him. He located and removed a huge cyst from my sinuses with hopes of getting me well for good. Once the surgery was done, I was better but continued to get sick. He didn't just dole out more antibiotics and allergy medicine; he ordered tests to rule out various problems. It was discovered that I had an immune deficiency and NO allergies at all! I received treatment to boost my immune system and I've gone from fall '08 through spring '09 without the first infection! I must say that sometimes the wait in the office seems a little long, but Dr. Hagood does not rush in and out of the exam room...he sticks around to address concerns and answer questions.  I can wait a while for excellent personal attention like that! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	1	My son has been seeing Dr. Hagood for almost 3 years and had several sets of ear tubes and a tonsillectomy/adenoidectomy. He is very knowledgable but often seems rushed.  He does like to use a lot of medical jargon; sometimes I have to ask him to break it down to layman's terms. The wait in his office is always looooong; we have waited well over an hour on some occasions.  The nurses are nice, but the appointments secretary/ies are not--they never want to schedule appointments at the 6 mo. interval as requested by the dr, and insist I call back in a few mos.  to schedule-&#63;&#63; 	4	1	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	1	Very knowledgeable, and very helpful. Just a note, know what questions you have before you even get to the doctor's office and you will be much more satisfied that you are getting the right treatment for what ails you. 	4	3	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	 	4	2	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	. Outstanding and caring physician with excellent knowledge and patient skills 		5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
15	-1	TREATED WIFE FOR EXTREME SHOUKDER PAIN .TREATMENT CONSISTED OF PHYSICAL THEARAPY FOR 2 MONTHS WHICH DIDN'T HELP PAIN OR RESTRICTED ARM MOVEMENT.CHANGED DR. AND WAS PROPERLY DIAGNOSED AND TREATED.PAIN WAS GREATLY REDUCED AND HAD BETTER ARM MOVEMENT WITHIN 24 HOURS.  	4	2	1	2 	Insurance:Tricare
16	1	Dr.Harwood is the best foot doctor in my book. He has done so much for me. He has saved my feet/toes. I am a diebetic &amp; it is very important to have a doctor you trust &amp; is very knowlegable. I will recommend Dr. Harwood to anybody. The staff is very friendly &amp; it makes my appointment great. I feel like I am family there. Dr.Harwood is the best. I am so glad to call him my doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	Dr. Harwood is easily the most competent, professional and caring physician that I have dealt with in 71 years.  He truly cares about his patients and ensures that they understand what he is doing for them and why.  He saved me from losing a toe that had sustained a serious wound.  He is one of the very best.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
16	1	Treated me for inflamation caused by bone spurs. I work 13 hour days on my feet and was in a great deal of pain. He suggested orthotics and shoes as well as antiinflamitory medication. I didn't realize how uncomfortable I really was until I saw him. I have no more pain. Well worth the visit. Made my job much easier to perform.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	Dr. Harwood is one of the best physicians i have ever been too.   He took time with me to explain what diabetes was doing to me, and of course I had to look at the book of horrors, which gave me a real wake up call.  He operated on my left foot in 2008 and now i feel like I have a bionic foot.   Never gives me any problems.  I went to him 3 weeks ago with heel pain in my right foot, and I am good to go now, he diagnosted as gout and put me on meds for the pain and spent a great deal of time explaining to me how you get gout and what you need to do to avoid any more flareups, he also took time to talk about my diabetes and how important it was that I get control of it.  He talked to me in such a straight forward, honest way that i think i finally get it!   Some people might think his way is a little harsh but i appreciate his honesty and his &quot;telling it like it really is and not sugar coating it&quot; manner more than anything.   He made a believer out of me.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
16	1	I have struggled with my foot problem for quite some time and two previous doctors failed to help.  Dr. Harwood was extremely thorough and has put me on the track to recovery.  He is really knowledgeable in his field and very careful in explaining what the problem is and the options available for care.  I'm lucky to have found him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	Dr. Harwood was very knowledgeable and thorough when treating my problem.  He used conservative treatment for my ailment.  He had several products in office that were very helpful and you cannot find elsewhere.  The staff including the doctor were very friendly.  The building was very clean and easy to find.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	He took the time make sure I understood my problem. He gave me several options of things I could do and asked what I would be most comfortable with. I followed his instructions and had a perfect result.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	-1	Doctor who sees patients as an ATM. On my second visit the guy couldn't even remember what my problem was, or which foot had the problem. I've run into others who had similar experiences.  No bedside manner whatsoever, and realy quick to suggest surgery 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	I agree he is a very nice man. He takes his time and will sit and explain things. Our first appointment, he spent about an hour getting to know both of our children's health issues. He does not rush through your appointment and the staff will get you in as quick as they can! I find him to be very knowledgeable, so much so, I haven't replaced our old astma/allergy doctor. He is handling it very well. He is quick with a reply in case you call and have the staff ask a question for you.  I give him 5 stars! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	-1	Very nice man, but seems to just talk in circles about how the body works and gives no real explanation of what is wrong with your child.  	5	5	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	1	I've been treated by Harvey and his wife, Renee for about 20 years for normal medical care.  I'd recommend both without reservation, as they are both highly competent, friendly, and informative.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	1	I have been seeing Dr. Harvey Harmon for 15 years. I have had various ailments including acute back problems, allergies, skin problems, a terrible kidney infection, etc, and Dr. Harmon has always been extremely knowledgeable and very kind every time. He (and his wife, Dr. Renee) make each patient feel completely comfortable, at ease and well-informed. He does not &quot;talk down&quot; to patients, which I appreciate almost as much as being a great doctor. Staff is also very professional and compassionate.  Kudos all around! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	1	They have a really well run office and Dr. Harmon takes the time to listen and you never feel rushed or like 1 of 30 he has to see.  I'd highly recommend him for your family care needs.  We've also had three opportunities (if you'd call it that) for him to recommend specialist and we have been very pleased with each of his recommendations.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	1	He listens very well, and cares about the entire patient, not just the particular complaint. Many years ago I went to him, having been diagnosed with fibromyalgia by a rheumatologist. At that time, not many MDs even knew of it's existence. He was somewhat familiar with it. When I went back a month later for a followup, he had done extensive looking into it and was very knowledgeable; he had taken the time to learn pretty much all that was know about it at that time.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	I absolutely require my physicians to be intelligent, caring and have critical thinking skills.  Dr. Halama fit the bill!  I highly recommend this doctor. He seemed both courteous and knowledgable, and I felt that he addressed my concerns in a professional manner.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	Great doctor, actually cares about your problems and doesn't rush you.  His MA is also wonderful.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	I can't say enough about how great Dr. Halama is.  I had severe colitis problems when I saw him, and he was very compassionate and understanding.  He LISTENED, was knowledgeable, and always took as much time as I needed.  He answered all my questions and sincerely thought about my condition and possibilities for solutions or things that might be worsening my condition.  I really thank God for him because he showed me that some doctors are good and kind and remember how to care and understand.  Best GI I have ever gone to.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	Dr.Halama is a wonderful doctor. He spent a lot of time with you. He listen to you and takes you serious. It was a very good experience. I would highly recommend him to anyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	Dr. Halama has diagnosed a condition that other doctors missed. He has helped me tremendously and I will always use him as my GI doctor.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	Very, Very wonderful..Spends a lot of time listening to you and values your opinion.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	0	Developed an infection during surgery due to surgeon error. 	1	4	4	1 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	PROMPT, PATIENT, &amp; PROFESSIONAL.  He has performed two surgeries with exceptional results. I have an extensive knowledge base of surgery; believe me, he is one of the best. Always on time. 	 8/12/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	Excellent no-nonsense job by the surgeon and staff.  Returned to work after hernia repair before I went home.Highly recommended 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	Excellent doctor.  Very professional, skilled and compassionate.  Is honest but caring.  Is a true credit to the medical community and I would highly recommend him to anyone who needs general surgery.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	1	Very good surgeon. I would highly recommend him if you are going to have to have any type of surgery. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	Dr. Hamrick does bladder distention surgery on me every 3-4 months.  He is always very concerned about my health and trying to stop my pain. He is a very caring doctor.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	Great Urologist.  He manages my BPH for me and recently (end 2008) performed some surgery for me very successfully removing a spermatocele.  No pain, easy recovery.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	Dr Hamrich is very courteous and caring.  Takes great concern for his patients 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	After bladder surgery still wearing catheter for a year - never told me that I may have to wear one at all before the surgery. 		4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
22	-1	Doctor did not listen nor did she care about the issues I had. She had already predetermined what she thought was the issue. Not only that she insulted me directly. Worst experience ever.  	5	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	1	I have seen Dr. Harbaugh for the past year and have never had a problem. Her office has actually worked me in several times at the last minute and I have never had to wait to get in to see her.  She has always taken time to visit with me about my concerns and has always been kind.  Will continue seeing her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	0	I have been a patient for 10 years.Since her affiliation with Sacred Heart everything changed,less caring,less time and an apperance that she was not the doctor that I used to know. It is regretfull that I am leaving her practice, but feel that I am no longer cared about.  	2	2	2	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	1	I have gone to Dr Harbaugh for at least 7 years and find her to be an excellent Dr.  She is professional, thorough and takes her time with you.  She is not a hand holder and expects you to participate and take responsibility for your own health.  That's what I need for a Dr.  She has a well trained staff and her nurse is very hands on.  My health needs have always been addressed and I feel confident that if there was a serious health issue Dr Harbaugh wouldrefer me to a Dr specializing in the problem.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	-1	Dr. Harbaugh has a very bad bedside manner and an uncaring attitude.  She literally said that she did not have time to address my concerns!  (if she didn't have time why did her staff make an appointment&#63;)  She is a bad addition to Sacred Hearts group and as a result of her, their medical group will be losing at least three (3) patients.  Though I suspect in the long run it will be many more.  	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	-1	.  	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:Tricare
23	1	Dr. Handal and another physician there were exceptionally helpful BUT the wait was incredibly long for a new patient appt and there was some rudeness by the staff that was uncalled for.  	3	2	4	4 	Insurance:Tricare
23	1	SAVED OUR CHILD'S LIFE AFTER THREE OTHERS HAD GIVEN UP.  WE LOVE DR.  HANDAL! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	Excellent Doctor!  He helped our kids so much and was so knowledgeable! We highly recommend him to anyone who needs help with their children.   His Harmonex computer system is an amazing diagnostic tool! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
23	0	No bedside manner! short at times and we feel like left in the dark after visits. very knowledgable. poor communication visits too short for any discussion.  		4	1	4 	Insurance:Tricare
24	1	truly a great dentist, he is intelligent,considerate and funny. He placed my Implants and now I can chew again, he did my husbands crowns and veneers, now he looks 15 yrs younger. I would recommend this Dr to anyone who needs regular dentistry as well as advanced proceedures ie. dentures held in by implants etc. Its truly amazing and so is he.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	0	Not happy. Wait time was 2 hours! Dr. Hardy saw other patients that came in way after we got there after sign in.  She wasn't thorough and only spent about 5 minutes with us! She seemed stressed out.  	3	1	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	-1	Office staff RUDE. Dr. Hardy is very nice but isn't open to questions. Very defensive instead of open/ listening to kids needs. Walk in hours at 8am daily - don't try to use this - won't be seen till 830 earliest. Receptionist should be working in a factory or non customer facing job.  Try it - you will see you'll get the same greeting you do at a downtown fast food place: no hello just a blank stare like you're bothering them! 	1	1	2	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	We have been using Dr. Hardy since my daughter was born. Dr. Hardy is very friendly and seems very interested in her patients. I wish she would have kept her own practice because it was much more efficient and helpful (staff &amp; nurses) then the new practice.  I've had a few issues with the new office staff.  For example, they cancelled an appt that I had sched for weeks for my child's annual appt because they didn't confirm my insurance's coverage on yearly ckups.  Ended up having to speak to the Dr to get the staff to maintain appt.  After all of confusion, my insurance did cover as the insurance did not require there to be 365 days between annual ckups.  Staff should have chkd this before proceeding to argue with patient over their incompentency.  Plus, nurses that worked for Dr Hardy's own practice were AWESOME.  New ones just ok.  It's now diff to schd ckups so you shld plan to sched weeks/months in advance. Dr.  Hardy is wonderful - new practice and other Doc in practice are not! 	3	5	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	Dr. Hardy is an answer to prayer. She is so kind and attentive to my children.She doesn't rush you and she makes you feel so at home. She is affectionate and warm...she is very bright and sincere. She is not the cookie cutter doctor...thank goodness....  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	Dr. Hardy is attentive and knowledgeable. She takes time with each patient and makes every parent feel welcomed. She is a vibrant pediatrician who strives for excellence. I would entrust my children to her anytime. I highly recommend Dr.  Alice Hardy! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	Great doc for kids. can call and get in pretty quick.. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	I had a root canal and a filling done by Dr. Harshberger and he was very gentle. He understood my extreme anxiety and really worked with me. The only reason I'm changing from him, it because the root canal and cap he did got infected and I had to have oral surgery and a bone transplant. I'm not sure why that happened, but I don't want to risk it again. Other than that, he's great and very nice- as is his staff.  	5	5	5	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	1	Dr. Harden is great doctor.She found my medical problem when no other doctor could.I would like for her to become the doctor for my entire family and friends.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	1	She takes her time and thinks about my problems.  She has helped me a great deal.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
29	-1	Told my great-grandmother when she couldn't sit up very soon after a massive stroke that if she couldn't do any better than that, she should just be sent to the nursing home, knowing that was my great-grandmother's greatest fear.  Very rude and disrespectful in general to both patients and their families.  Dr. Harris is certainly knowledgeable about his field, but he really ought not deal with patients until he can manage basic courtesy and empathy. 	3	2	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
29	-1	dr harris knows very little about treating patient with respect. 	2	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
29	-1	Had a puss pocket settle in my hip at age 7. Dr. Harris tried to send me home from the hospital and told us to come to his office the next day. He never even came to see what was wrong with me. Nobody could touch me and I almost died! Thank's to another &quot;real&quot; doctor, I am still here and healthy. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
29	-1	. always in a hurry, little justification of treatment plan 		1	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
30	1	. She was absolutely awesome! She was very thorough and seemed to be very concerned about my health and my personal life 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	0	While Dr. Haller had a nice manner, his professional ability was lacking. I visited Dr. Haller for a severe ankle injury on the recommendation of a friend. He told me it was just a severe sprain and that it would take time to heal so I just needed to be patient and there was nothing else to be done. I am now 2 years from the initial injury which turned out to be ruptured/torn tendons and ligaments and I am now heading into surgery next month to repair the damage and will have a 1 year rehab period. Walking is nearly unbearable and I can't even sleep b/c if the sheet pulls on my ankle I wake up with pain shooting through it. I've spent 2 years dealing with this issue and have another year before I might be well. All my sports activites stoppped b/c I couldn't use this ankle safely and it caused me to keep injuring myself. The office was good to work w/ me regarding payment due to the fact I didn't have ins. at the time.  I won't be using him again nor will I recommend him to anyone. 	4	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
31	-1	I went in to surgery with Dr Haller. I did not have a broken rib when I went in, but the next day after I went home I began to have pain in my back and chest which was later diagnosed as a rib fracture. Dr Haller became angry when I ask him to help me find out how my rib was broken. He was very nice until I ask him about this.  	3	4	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	1	dr. haller is a very good dr. ,he has performed several sugeries on me and i've been well pleased with each one. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	DR. Haller is what a doctor is suppose to be, he has great bed side manor, and is genuinly concerned about his patients. Not only that , he actually knows what he is doing. If I ever have to have orthopedics done again, he will be the one I choose to do it.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
32	1	I would not trade his expertise and knowledge for any other pediatrician.  He has been both of my children's doctor for 15 years.  He is a professional and not my friend and has always been caring and treated by children as a doctor should.  I would not trade his expertise or care for any other doctor and will be sad when he retires as you don't get a doctor with his experience and knowledged every day.  Kudos to you Dr.  Hammond! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	-1	I would not recommend Dr. Hammond to treat anyone. His beside manner is horrible. My primary doctor was out of the office and Dr. Hammond was the only doctor that was available to see. I had never heard positive comments about him, but I got to witness if for myself. What doctor walks out on a child&#63; His offfice manager is just as bad. If anyone could tell me if there is a code of ethics or rights that parents have please let me know who to contact. I have never witnessed or been involved with a doctor like Mr. Hammond. Someone needs to get a hold of his attiude and bring him down off his pedestal. 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	I have 2 young children and they always see Dr. Hammond!They will always continue see him.People tend to question Dr. Hammonds bedside manor but that shouldn't even be what is in question, parents don't stop to think that he is here for the child and not to be the parents best friend.I could care less that he sets in the room and holds my hand and have a 45 min. conversation about nothing as long as he treats and gets my children well. If you are looking for a great pediatrician he is your doctor, if you are looking for a friend look else where. Dr. Hammond comes in a exam room with me and my children and has never failed to talk to my child like he truely cares about my childs well-being, I dread the day that this wonderful doctor retires.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	-1	dr hammond is the worst dr i've ever seen...my child went in with a limp that just started out of the blue. when he came in he was not friendly at all. i was asking questions because i didnt understand what he was saying and he got mad at me. it all ended with him standing up and slapping his hand down on the table that my 16 month old was sitting on and he got close to my face and told me to leave and never come back. i'll be honest that i wasnt just standing there taking it when he started but i by no means deserved all of that. he was yelling so loud that they said you could hear him outside the room. to say his bed side manors were not good is a understatement. he should not be a dr much less a dr that works with children 	1	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	My daughter will not see anyone but Dr. Hammond. He has always been wonderful with her and very knowledgable with what is going on with her...  he doesn't have a very good bedside manner, but he is an awesome doctor!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
33	1	Very knowledgable, excellent bedside manner, understanding and compassionate.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
33	-1	On my first visit I waited over two hours in his office and was never called. While waiting, I asked another of his patients how long he had been waiting.  The man told me over two hours. He also told me that he was a regular patient.  I asked if this kind of wait was normal and he said yes.  I decided to find another internist who was more interested in his or her patients than a full waiting room.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
33	1	Dr Haggag is an excellent MD. He listens to his patients in a caring and professional manner. He is complete in his testing, and his patients understand what and why he is doing so. Dr. Haggag and his staff work together as a team to bring the best care they can for their patients. Personally I am healthier for having been recommended to his practice, and have referred several friends, and of course family to him. Decatur is very fortunate to have him and his clinic in our area. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	Dr. Harris is the best! I get the best care and am always warmly received.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	1	Dr. Harris delivered all three of my sons.  He had an excellent bedside manner.  He even pushed my stretcher out to greet the family while they checked out the new addition to the family.  He has never acted rushed during my visits.  I saw him a couple of years ago for breast pain and he promptly sent me to a surgeon for another opinion, which I appreciated.  Cindy that works in his office is a great employee - always cheerful and smiling.  Regarding checking patients during their pregnancy visits, Dr. Harris goes by obstetric guidelines and does not do a vaginal exam early unless the patient complains of symptoms to warrant such an exam.  He always has listened to me, addressed and answered my questions.  He is a great doctor.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	-1	it was my 1st baby and he did good until i was 29-30 weeks i went to see him on a tuesday and he didnt check me or anything just listen to heart beat that thursday i had my son.10 weeks early...  he could have stopped my contrations 	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
35	1	I am from Auburn the doctor in Auburn messed me up, not even a year later I am having the surgery again. Dr Hadley saved my life, He is a very kind, honest man! I enjoyed his staff, his team and everybody I had to deal with. I honestly believed he saved my life. I was in pain everyday of my life, did not know where to turn to next. I meet Dr Hadley He was very open in this is what we should do, and assured me he would take excellent care of me . and he did... I do NOT know what I would have done without him and his staff.. I am a young single mother of three children wanting my life back.  Thank you in so many ways Dr Hadley for doing that!! I work at a doctors office if anybody ask my opinion, I will refer them to Dr Hadley in a heart beat!!! Thanks again for everything 	 4/18/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	1	I am. 38yo RN who had a rare cervical tumor C2-C6. I was very blessed to ave been referred to Dr. Hadley by another MD that he had performed surgery on. Dr. Hadley was awesome! He was honest, up front, kind, and caring! Although I trusted God for healing I know that he used Dr. Hadley as an instrument of healing! Dr. Hadley saved me, he touched my life in such an unforgettable way. I had spent years serving others sometimes without gratitude. I wanted to be one to tell Dr. Hadley Thank You! Thanks for your skill, your talent, your faith, and what you did for me! I plan to make full use of my life. Thank you my friend for fulfilling Gods will in the earth.  I am healing and forever humbled and grateful! 	 1/20/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	1	Dr. Hadley is the incredibly talented and I would suggest him to anyone and everyone who needs his expertise. I had my neck fused with him and it has been nothing but perfect since having the surgery.  I am truly grateful! 	 11/11/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	1	I am 20 yrs old& in aug was diagnosed with a tumor attched to my spinal cord in my cervical spine. No surgeon in my home city would even discuss doing the surgery and told me straight forwardly that they wouldnt do such a risky surgery. I met with doctor along the east side of the U.S. to get opinions. Immediately following my appointment with Dr.H I knew he was the surgeon I wanted to do my surgery. His confidence who some people wrongly mistake for arrogance was comforting& gave me& my family relief as other doctors added to the stress He called personally to discuss dates for the surgery he was always there asking if i needed anything he treated me like a daughter& i couldnt be happier with my decision he even called me from church while i was in the hospital to check on me. Im proud to say that after him having to make a risky call during my surgery in sept i am back in college& back to normal life! no limitations! I cant thank dr. hadley enough for what he has done for me :) 	 1/9/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	-1	I had been told by other doctors and former patients that Hadley was arrogant, rude, condescending, truly believed he was &quot;God&quot;, and insulting. All of this was an understatement. Hadley goes out of his way to be hurtful. His staff and resident are scared to death of him. Hadley is a terror that no human being should have to be subjected to. His arrogance is his &quot;blind spot&quot; and his patients have paid and will continue to pay for that very large short-coming.  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	0	He might be a brilliant surgeon, he makes for a rude arrogant egocentric human being.Basically he told me to shut up and let him talk.I was not allowed questions.I do know he read the MRI. He told me I was too much risk and refused to help me.He told me to find myself an internist and after I had done that I could come back. He said fat people have the problems i do.Herniated discs.I cried after he left.Lucky for me one of his residents took over and operated three days later. Great guy by the name of Okor. My husband who is a physician , could not believe how arrogant and rude this hardly was. Strutting around in his designer suit and shoes. He knows he is good ,he makes good money and is on top of the heap! I believe his attitude comes and goes , according to the kind of patients he has.Maybe middle aged fat women are just not his thing....  	 9/25/10	1	2	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	1	After 10 years of numerous doctors and treatments I was frustrated and angry. A friend had told me about Dr. Hadley, so off I went to see him. I did go through all of these comments before I went to see him. I got NONE of the rude, arrogant behavior that I read. I saw a man who explained ALL the options to me, let me decide on what I wanted to do, and truly cared about what I had to say and felt! I have never felt so much trust in a doctor before. I am having surgery Oct. 1. Gave me his cell phone number, email address for if I had any concerns before or after surgery. I think people get upset when they go in expecting him to tell them what the other doctors told them. You were sent to him for a reason, he is the best. So if he doesn't agree with your last doctors diagnosis and you don't like it then maybe you should go somewhere else. I am thrilled that I found him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	1	Operated on my lower back to relieve disk pressure on sciatic nerve in 2006. I had immediate relief. In August he correctly diagnosed and treated my 80-yr old Mother's SI joint inflammation when other doctors in her hometown of Decatur wanted to do back surgery for a bulging disk. She's doing well today with NO surgery. Dr. Hadley's a surgeon and prescribed a steroid shot and physical therapy, not surgery.  I was impressed and his results have been fabulous! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	-1	No receptionist or assist. staff til 30 mins after appt. time. My primary MD felt I needed a specialist to help with spine disc problems and much pain.  Made to feel like I was wasting MD time with no help, booted back to primary MD. We will try again with another specialist.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	1	It has been 20 years since Dr. Hadley did surgery on my spine. Even then he was egotistical, but I found him to be an excellent surgeon. He put two metal plates in my lower spine and to this day I am pain free.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	-1	Dr Hadley, was arrogant, rude and dismissed any problems I had to nothing short of my being fat. I have multiple colapsed disc's, spinal arthritus, and several other spinal conditions. The physician who referred me said I showed actual spinal cord damage and thought I needed surgery to stabalize my neck. I felt like I was sent to a fast talking used car salesman who saw he could not make a profit so he humiliated me and sent me on my way. Dr Hadley went so far as to say he was great friends with my 2 referring physicians and they were just trying to help. I took this as an attempt to keep me from commenting to my referring physicians about his horrible conduct. This man has no concern for the individuals he sees. I would not let him do surgery on me ever. I am sure if there was a problem he would blame the patient. 	5	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
35	-1	Hadley is a pompous,uncaring technician. He is not a healer. He is unconcerned with your physical pain.He's done with you as soon as you are out of the operating room. Interns and Residents are scared to death of this ego-maniacal tyrant and humiliated in front of patients. He doesn't listen to patients and if you dare to question, you are waved away with a condescending phrase. A horrible experience overall and even though he is universally hailed as a fine surgeon, the experience was dreadful.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	1	We found Dr. Hadley and all the staff at UAB very helpful and made us feel as if we were the most important people in the hospital.  We went there on just hope that my husband's low pressure headaches could be taken care of.  Everyone did their best to do everything that was possible to help.   We are back home and feeling better.  Thanks again to everyone that touched our lives while we were at UAB. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	Dr. Hadley is an extremely brilliant surgeon--the physicians I have talked to say he is one of the top three surgeons in the state.  His personal manner is that of a true prima donna, but I overlook that in order to get access to his talent.  He performed an L4/L5 nerve decompression in my back and completely cured the terrible pain I was experiencing.  In reading the posts here, one sees extremely mixed opinions.  I think that this is largely due to the fact that spine problems are very complex and often impossible to address successfully.  	3	5	3	5 	Insurance:Medicare
35	1	Dr. Mark Hadley did surgery on me once and treated me twice.  I did excepionally well.  I highly recommend him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	After a disaster surgery by another neuro( Put a screw in the nerve root and left it there for 3 weeks until I demanded another MRI) I saw Dr. Hadley. The pain I was in was unrelenting and severe. He said the damage from the previous surgery couldn't be corrected but he could correct the severe spinal stenosis. I had had 7 lumbar surgeries when I finally saw him. I'd give anything if he had been the first and not the last. It has been 6 years since his surgery and I'm still 80% pain FREE...the remaining pain is due to the permanent damage from the other doctors mistake.  He's not all that warm and fuzzy, yes he is arrogant, but he is an excellent neurosurgeon and I won't ever let another doctor besides him touch me again! 	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	1	The best of half a dozen specialists. I had a severe injury from lifting (afterwards painful to lift an 8 ounce glass), and had seen five specialists in New York City. Each doctor gave me the same office tests, and all asked me to point to where the pain was worst. All the New York doctors diagnosed lower back vertebra, even though the pain came from my pelvis. I have never had surgery, but when I went to Dr. Hadley after 2 1/2 years of pain, I told him to operate if it would help. He did the office tests, asked me to point to the pain, and immediately diagnosed that indeed the pain was originating from my pelvis and that I did not need surgery. He said I had pulled the pelvis apart on one side and that it had healed improperly, with the sciatic nerve caught in it. He sent me to a physical therapist who did manual traction to release the nerve (quick pain and immediate relief) and reseated the pelvis, exercises, etc. Dr. Hadley changed my life. Knowledgeable with simplest solution.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	-1	Completely missed 2 level herniated disc. Was reviewing wrong MRI (was looking at pre-herniation films). Stated while reviewing the wrong films that I did not have a herniated disc. My wife politely corrected him about looking at the wrong MRI film and he became so angered he walked right out of the room and sent in his resident to discharge me. Was ARROGANT, RUDE, AND DISMISSIVE. Refused to believe that I had obvious neurological deficits. Had to see another neurosurgeon and within three days of visit with Dr. Hadley, had successful surgical repair of L-3/L-4, L-4/L-5 by the other neurosurgeon. These herniations were also evident on my myelogram, which Dr Hadley never even mentioned.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
35	-1	I was sent to Hadley by our local neurosurgeon. He told us the surgery I needed was too complicated for him. I had seen Hadley a couple of years earlier with neck pain. In two places I was bone on bone. The pain was unmanageable. Hadley told me there was nothing he could do and walked out. I cried. Without doubt it was the worst experience I have ever had with a Physician except for my second visit with him. I traveled to Germany and had two disks replaced in my neck. They told me when I arrived that they had never seen someone walking with the damage I had. Several years later I was having severe pain in my middle back. My urinary tract and digestive tract were shutting down. I was dieing. I was sent to Hadley again. he walked in and told me there was nothing he could do for my neck. He had not ever looked at my new MRIs. Came back and told me my back was fine and patted me on the back as he left. If you have a severe problem, he will not help because it might hurt success percentage.  	4	1	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	-1	I AM A PHYSICIAN!  Yet, he treated me like a fool.  He didn't listen to my needs and merely shoved me off when he realized that there was no surgery for him to do...  THE worst example of what a physician should be --&gt;  ALL EGO...NO COMPASSION. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	I went to Dr. Hadley in pain and now I am vertually pain free.   I just in in my first ever 5k, thanks to him! 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	1	A friend at work recommended I see Dr. Hadley because he had performed surgery on him several years ago and was very satisfied.  I had exhausted my efforts before making an appointment with Dr. Hadley to get relief from my neck pain and headaches. My left arm, elbow and hand were also giving me pain.  I had surgery in January, 2008 and have been very pleased with the results.  Dr. Hadley and his staff were very knowledgeable and courteous.  I highly recommend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	0	i have had back pain for 30 years. Every year it has been getting worse. Then along came foot pain last year. A local doctor diagnosed bulging dics in lumbar region. I forwarded MRI to Dr. Hadley based on an acquaintance's recommendation. Hadley insisted I needed a laminectomy on L-3,L-4 and L-5, NOT spinal fusion. Since his method was less intrusive and he was after all,a neurosurgeon,I opted for the laminectomy and drove 150 miles to his hospital. In the recovery room I immediately experienced numbness in the opposite foot which he poo-pooed and told me I had to expect things like this. he was arrogant and I was immediately sorry I had looked to him for help. 12 days after surgery my pain returned in right foot three times more painful than before surgery. My back pain is at the same degree as prior to surgery. Hadley has the air of one can do no wrong when,in fact,he is more than human.  i am now seeing a local orthopedic surgeon and undergoing testing for future surgery! 	5	5	3	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
35	1	Dr. Hadley performed an anterior cervical fusion with implant on me in 2001 with great success. Within 2 weeks of my diagnosis (after a year of pain) I had my operation and followed post op procedure with great outcome.  I am now facing lumbar surgery due to stenosis and have returned to Dr. Hadley. Compression has been increasing since 2003. I followed the anti inflammatory and exercise regimen but knew I was headed to another surgery. Dr. Hadley called me with results of MRI and was straightforward, to the point and answered my questions. I will have the surgery, and have abundent faith that the outcome will as successful as my first surgery. While his bedside manner may not be touchy/feely warm and fuzzy I appreciate his approach, to the point, and his confidence, it instills faith in me.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	1	Dr. Hadley's knowledge and skills are superior, as evidenced by his entire medical history. Thank God for Dr. Hadley & other brilliant, dedicated doctors. Surgeons work long & hard hours & deserve our admiration. Dr. Hadley wears many hats in his line of duties, in addition to his hours in the operating room. He did cervical spine surgery on me in Jan. 2005. The surgery was successful. He displayed care & concern and rearranged his surgery schedule to do surgery on my neck ASAP. He met me in the surgery area & assisted in pushing my gurney into the surgical suite. His disiplay of confidence in his medical skills did not indicate arrogance. It did what he meant it to do; it reassured me and gave me a feeling of safety. He took time to talk to my family members and church supporters who were there.  If one could not stand up straight & walk a straight line, or lift one's arms before surgery, but can afterwards, embrace it as success as I did.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
35	1	My experience with Dr. Hadley was nothing short of amazing.  After being diagnosed with Chiari Syndrome, I was confused, scared and looking for help. From the moment he walked in the room, he put me at ease...after all I had been a college athlete and never so much as in the hospital before and now I was having brain surgery!&#63;  Dr. Hadley even gave me his personal cell phone number in case I needed to reach him prior to or after my surgery.  He followed me very closely after my procedure and to this day we remain in touch.  Never have I had a physician take such amazing care of me.  I will forever be in debted to him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	-1	I had surgery with Dr. Hadley on 3/30.He was very encouraging that he could alleviate my leg and back pain which was due to stenosis.Now June 11,I continue to have a lot of low back pain & some leg pain.2nd post op visit today Dr. Hadley told me &quot;how successful&quot; the procedure was that he did on my back.When I tried to talk to him about my continued low back pain,he told me that HIS surgery was successful.That my low back pain was probably due to the fact that I am about 15-20 lbs overweight.That I needed to strengthen my core muscles and he proceeded to lie on the exam table and show me how to do a situp!I could tell that he was &quot;done with me&quot;.He told me that any continued post op pain I was having was my fault and that I would need to exercise other than daily walking and PT which was not enough.I needed to be working out at the gym daily.One problem..I can't stand or sit longer than 30 minutes.He is arrogant.Doesn't care post operatively.I'm an RN. Wouldn't recommend him at all! 		2	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	1	I cannot say enough good about our experience at the Kirklin Clinic and our visit with Dr Hadly and his Fellow, Dr Ryan Jewel. We were seen very promptly, the examination of my wife (which I witnessed) was thorough and the findings were consistent with our expectation. Dr Hadley is very busy and we did not expect or receive hand-holding or pampering. What we received was good advice, reassurance about the current condition and an open door to future treatment if WE thought it was needed. We had been encouraged by two friends who had been treated by Dr Hadley with excellent result. It is regrettable that most who post to these rating services are inspired by negative experiences while the many with good experiences don't feel &quot;called&quot; to participate. Maybe they're too busy getting on with their lives and playing golf. My advice&#63; If you already know what your spine needs, do it yourself! If you want truly professional advice, visit Dr Hadley with confidence.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	-1	I had been told he was well qualified. He proceeded to tell me himself how terrific he was. After my unsuccessful surgery for spinal stenosis, he said his surgery was a success and the constant pain was my fault. He proceeded to demonstrate his exercise routine. His manner is arrogant and condescending as well as hurtful. Since my surgery I had heard many other negative remarks about him. I wish I had known about this before.  		4	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	0	Dr. Hadley gave my back surgery to a resident or at least someone besides himself. He was supposed to be in the room during surgery. Was he&#63; This was a second surgery. He did first one and it was quite successful. I won three state golf championships afterward. After the last surgery done by his colleague, I have been in constant pain and am unable to even play golf or any sports and can do little exercise. Walking is painful. I have given up my membership in my Country Club.  		1	1	4 	Insurance:Medicare
35	-1	TOLD ME NOTHING WAS WRONG WITH ME OR MY MRI'S EVEN THOUGH I HAD HAD TWO POSITIVE DISCOGRAMS AND LATER DIAGNOSED WITH CERVICAL MYLEOPATHY (SPINAL CORD COMPRESSION). GAVE ME JUST ABOUT 10 MINUTES TO INSULT ME AND TELL ME THAT HE WAS NOT THE SHELL SVC. STATION THAT I COULD DRIVE UP AND HE JUST FIX EVERYTHING! MISDIAGNOSED A BROAD BASED GAIT DUE TO CORD COMPRESSION BY SAYING I LOOKED AS IF I WALKED LIKE I HAD BEEN RIDING A HORSE. VERY SARCASTIC. I FINALLY FOUND A DR. TO DIAGNOSE ME PROPERLY AND FIX MY NECK PROBLEM. IN PAIN, I LEFT CRYING AFTER BEING TOLD NOTHING WAS WRONG WITH ME. ARROGANT AND HURTFUL.  		2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	-1	Waited 2 mos for appt & 1 hr in waiting. Was finally taken to exam rm. A resident took basic info & did tests and said he would go tell Dr. what he thought (!&#63;). Dr. H finally came 30 mins later, said that he didnt tell patients what to do, but talked with them. He then proceeded to not listen to a word I said or tried to say. Didn't read md reports provided (even that of his resident which he admitted he couldn't read!). 2 radiologists, 1 G.P., 1 chiro and 1 ortho MD all diagnosed bulg. discs and degen. disc dis. and sent me to a surgeon. Despite this, he said nothing was wrong except I needed to exercise (which he contradicted by saying I was the correct weight) and stop smoking. Seeing that I wasnt amused with his manner or diagnosis, he stated I might need pain shots in SI joint. Told him I had already had one & he said I was &quot;defeatist&quot; and left, referring me back to a chiropractor (who had already sent me to a MD). Told me &quot;good luck&quot; on the way out. I need it after that! 		1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	Very Good Doctor, knowledgeable, Honest, has a great presentation. knows how to work with a scared person ( Me)....  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	1	DR HAKMILLER IS A VERY CARING DOCTOR. HE LISTENS AND SPENDS TIME WITH HIS PATIENTS. HE GENUINELY CARES ABOUT HIS PATIENTS. I WOULD RECCOMEND HIM TO ANY ONE.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
37	1	Dr. Harris delivered my cousin 19 years ago to the date of my current due date. He came highly recommended to my aunt and she passed the info to me. Luckily I was somewhat familiar with him because he is partners with my GYN so it was an easy transition. I was told that he was the doctor I would want to have in the room with me if there were any complications during delivery. He is mild mannered and knows his stuff. It took him a visit or two to warm up to my silly personality and now everything is great. He even has the occasional joke or two to ease your mind. He has always answered any questions I have had. Sometimes he wont volunteer info (if he is taking measurements you may have to ask what he is doing) but so far everything has been great. I highly recommend him just like he was highly recommended to me.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
37	1	I have not had any negative experiences with Dr. Harris. He came highly recommended.  I have not regretted my decision to see him.  He has always been very realistic, pleasant, and humorous at times. He knows what to do/say to put your mind at ease.  I would recommend him to others.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
37	1	HE IS ONE SUPER GUY.  GREAT BEDSIDE MANNERS, NO DOUBTS, VERY CORDIAL & INFORMATIVE W/UPTO DATE DATA.  HAS YOUR BEST INTEREST FIRST. U CAN TALK TO HIM W/O FEELING SHY TO TALK ABOUT YOUR HEALTH ON ANY LEVEL.  THIS IS FROM MANY YEARS OF SERVICES RENDERED SINCE I HAVE KNOWN THE MAN.  	5	3	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
37	1	He's highly efficient and treats his patients with respect.  I feel very comfortable with him.  He and his associate has been my gynecologists for years and he's delivered my grandchildren as well.  Our entire family is satisfied with the services that his office provides.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
37	1	He is the very best doctor on staff at the brookwood medical center.He does too have good bedside manner. I don't know what you people are talking about, he is the best.He is Dr. McChocolate.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
37	1	I like Dr. Harris. He is very helpful and professional. He always helps me on my pockets by giving me samples before I have to spend my own money on a prescription.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
37	1	He is very kind and always singing. We have never heard anything foul out of his mouth. So much fun and pleasant to work with. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	Ive been a patient of Dr. Cedric Harris for 20 years. He is an excellent doctor and I totally trust his opinion when it comes to my health! I would recommend anyone needing OBGYN care to his office. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	Dr. Hollinger is great!!!! I would recommend her highly!!!!! If you need help call her office they are friendly and made me feel comfortable.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	1	I have been seeing Dr. Hackett for 2 years now. I had been to several other doctors prior to seeing dr. Hackett. She is the first doctor that took the time to listen to me. She helped me to understand what was going on and went over treatment options with me. My entire family see's her now and I HIGHLY recommend her. Yes, there are times I have had to wait, but that depends on what has been going on with the patiens before me.  What docs office have you not had to wait at&#63;&#63; 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	0	I have been seeing Dr. Hackett for about a year now.  I am not happy with her or her staff.  I always have to wait, even if I am her first patient in the morning.  Then when she comes in the room, there is barely any eye contact, she has her head in the computer.  I want a Dr who at least PRETENDS to care about why I am there.  I am fed up with it and currently looking for another doctor.  	1	1	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	-1	She was actually my friend's doctor and when he was honest with her about how he felt she could help to improve his treatment, she fired him as a patient. Not to his face though and only after she told this diabetic that his kidneys weren't functioning properly. Now she won't return his phone calls and he has no other physician to turn to for his meds and he has to wait for his insurance company to send him a list of qualified physicians that they cover. I'm sorry, but in my opinion, that is unacceptable, unexcusable, unforgivable, and very unprofessional. She had been his doctor for 2 or more years, if I am not mistaken and she couldn't give him the same respect he afforded her when he tried to discuss his plan of treatment.  What kind of doctor can't handle patient input! 	 10/7/08	2	4	2	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
40	1	Dr. Hager is a very fine physician and a real gentleman.  He is extremely careful and competent; I have tremendous confidence in him.  His ethics are the very highest--he simply will not put financial considerations above the welfare of his patients.  I recommend him unconditionally.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
40	1	Wonderful doctor.  I have been seeing him for several years and he is just great to work with!  I highly recommend him.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
41	1	STAFF WAS FRIENDLY AND DOCTOR WAS ON TIME. DIDN'T HAVE TO WAIT OVER 10 MINUTES IN WAITING ROOM OR AFTER I WAS CALLED BACK TO ROOM.  DOCTOR SEEMED VERY NICE AND KNOWLEDGABLE 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
41	1	Dr. Hanson is very courteous and very nice to the patients. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
42	-1	Go to your family doctor and get your xanax. you are wasting your money with this guy. 800.00 for a prescription and some worthless test.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
42	-1	Dr. Harwood is perhaps the worst physician I have ever been treated by.  He is wildly reckless in prescribing medication: His attitude seems to be like that of Alfred E. Neuman: &quot;What, me worry&#63;&quot;  He grossly overdosed me, and as a result, I almost caused several automobile accidents that could well have been tragic.  Finally, the Highway Patrol spotted my erratic driving and took my car away from me.  I would never recommend Dr. Harwood to anyone under any circumstances.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
42	1	Very helpful. Astute ckinician. Ethical. A &quot;doctor's doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
42	-1	My daughter called threatening suicide.Harwood told hospital she was coming,he never showed up,she was in the hospital hallway for 7 hours until going to a mental facility.The next day he talked to her for 5 min. decided she could go home to her 9 year old daughter.All she needed was outpatient for a couple weeks and could be leave at 1.She had been in the facility 14 hours.I am on my daughter's legal caregiver.I tried for 4 hours to get him then was told he would not talk to me.I told the facility that we would not pick her up it was not safe for her or her daughter,the facility contacted him.The facility said he would like a family meeting at 4:00.We went.They said he said she was an adult he was her doctor she would go now.We took our daughter home.We talked another doctor who hearing all and the list of medicines she was on made an appointment for the next day and stated that under no circumstances should she be on all the medications when she had major brain damage.  		2	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
42	1	Wonderful, helpful and considerate doctor!! I would highly recommend to anyone! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
42	-1	The worst experience I have ever had with a doctor. It took me 6 months to recover from all the medication etc etc that he had given me. He had no idea what was going on, he just medicates people using addictive drugs so you will keep coming back for the prescriptions...luckily I realized I did not need these drugs.  BEWARE! He also does not accept or return calls when he is on call&#63;! 		3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	-1	I was a patient of Dr.Hagler for 5 years. In the beginning,he was a very good doctor who cared about the wellness of his patients. For the last year and a half,I noticed that all he does now is sign off on prescriptions and you don't see him unless you have a new illness. He is seldom in the office and the staff is always calling to reschedule appts. He also misdiagnosed a patient with a chronic illness that they in fact didn't have. In my opinion, whatever is going on with Dr.Hagler should be addressed because he no longer seems to care about the patients, has misdiagnosed a patient, and is never at the office.  	2	1	2	1 	Insurance:Medicare
43	-1	Dr. Hagler seems to be a caring doctor but is overwhelmed by his patients.  He is not afraid to prescribe medication for his pain patients which has established a large practice for him. Unfortunately he has a hard time following up on his patients.  After a medication change that left me in withdrawal, I was unable to contact him (he was out for several days&#63;) and his staff was of no help.  I learned how important it was to have a doctor knowledgeable about the medication he is prescribing as well as a doctor who is available during a crisis.  	2	2	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	0	Dr. Hagler isn't a bad doctor, in my estimation, but he seems overly ready to prescribe a cure rather than to hear my thoughts about the best course of my treatment.  	3	2	2	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	1	Dr. Hagler is a nice guy who seems interested in me as a patient.  I have no doubts about his medical credentials.  However, since I've been going to him, I've not actually seen him until two hours after my appointment time.  It usually takes an hour to an hour and a half to be taken back to a treatment room, and then he'll come in a half hour or hour later.  Just can't afford the time required to be treated by him. 	2	1	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	GOOD DOCTOR..very impressed..glad I went to him............... 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	Out of all the heart doctors I really am glad that I have Dr. Hartley. There are some really good heart doctors out there but mine is just so friendly, has a great personality, works with you, and doesn't mind at all answering any questions that you might have, I just wish all the doctors were like this. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	-1	I went to see Dr. Hankins regarding a sinus infection the day before I flew out of town for a few days.  I told him my symptoms and said I thought I may need an antiobiotic.  He looked at me and said &quot;So do you come in here for every little thing or only when you are really sick&#63;&quot;  I was floored!!!  I have seen him about 7 times in 3 years for the same thing...not like I am asking for pain meds or something.  He's a complete JERK and I would never recommend him.  My husband saw him as well a few weeks prior and he told the front desk as he left that he would NEVER see him again.  	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	1	Most patient, careful GOOD Doctor I have found in his field 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	I had deviated septum correction surgery and Dr. Harrison was superb--excellent staff and great care and attention.  Highest recommendation.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
47	1	The staff at Dr. Hammack's office are friendly and knowledgeable.  Rates are reasonable and the atmosphere relaxing.  Dr. Hammack, himself, is a peach. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	Took time to explain my problem in detail so that I could understand it.  Very personable.  Friendly.  Christian.  Sometimes a bit long winded, but for my good.  I consider him a friend.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	-1	Went in for a yearly checkup....had to call back 3 weeks later to get results. The number they gave me to call for results said I wasn't a patient. My husband and I are having trouble conceiving and have had chemical pregnancies, so when I got a positive home test I called to see if they could run a blood sample. They said they don't take blood. They use the home test as a positive and make an appt. for 6 weeks out. I let her know I have had chemical pregnancies, and she said they can't help me other than to make an appt. 6 weeks out. Really&#63; No knowledge on hormones or chemical imbalances.  DON'T GO ! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Providence
49	1	She was fantastic with me through my miscarraiges, and subsequent pregnancy. She always fit me in for appointments when I needed extra reassurance. I've been going to her for years and she's been so good to me that I wouldn't consider changing doctors.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	-1	Okay dr. if all you need is a yearly checkup. Not knowledgeable enough about hormones. 		2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
49	0	My daughter is a college student and saw Dr. Hancock as her first OB-GYN. Dr. seemed knowledgeable & helpful, assisting in a choice of birth control. For the first yearly exam, my daughter drove up from college 3 times to find her appointment cancelled or that the office had written it down incorrectly not showing her name on the books even though the appt card was clearly marked (this is a 250 mile round trip and she missed class 3 times). When she finally did see Dr. Hancock in 2006 it went well: Dr. Hancock seemed concerned at the behavior of her office staff. Office said that it was not possible to schedule an appt for next year (2007) and that they would send a reminder card. Same song, only this year, when my daughter called the office, they say it will take 8 months to get an appt. So you leave a college student on birthcontrol without medication or monitoring - makes you wonder how her pregnant patients are treated.  		2	1	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	-1	i was mis-lead about cost of procedure. I went on botox tuesday which is 12.50  per unit she said she was doing 7 little sticks... when i went to pay was charged 412.50 when i spoke to her on the phone ,she said u were charged for 27 units... i ask 27 units&#63; she said yes . 27. i explained i was charged for 33. she then said yes 33 i see , i have your chart in front of me.... i started to question this and dr. harper said thanks good bye. i said you are not going to discuss this with me further&#63; she said i am finished thanks good bye. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
50	0	Once you are an established patient, and have no interest in getting botox shots or laser treatments.  Dr. Harper pawns you off on her assitants.  Even with a history of melanoma in the family, and benign skin lesions and rosacea on my own..when I see her, IF I see her, she no longer performs a skin check.  She walks into the office, asks if you have any problem spots...how am I supposed to know...I can't see my back, back of my legs, etc..  She has also misdiagnosed me and my son in the past year.  I followed her from her practice at Kirklin Clinic, where she was wonderful.  Know she is only concerned with botox parties...I am now going back to Kirklin and away from Dr. Harper...I would not recommend her to anyone with serious skin issues..only those interested in looking younger.  	2	3	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	0	I tried to make an appointment with Dr. Harper and all Heidi would tell me from the second I told her I needed to make a new patient appointment was a very quick response of &quot;her next appointment isn't until the end of June&quot;. She may lose patients for this doctore. 	1	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	I feel like I received very good care from Dr. Harper.  She is a very good listener 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	1	Quick, kind and knowledgable.  Great experience each time I visit.  I would/ have recommended her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	1	I'm so sorry for the previous rater, it doesn't sound like Dr. Harper at all.  :(  Maybe she learned from that experience&#63;  I visited with my two children in two, and Dr. Harper couldn't have been any nicer or helpful.  She was warm and caring, and took her time examining me literally head to toe.  I received free samples of several medications and products and was very pleased with the whole experience.  Lovely doctor and caring staff in a nice facility.   :) 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	-1	Dr. Harper failed to biopsy a lesion that I was concerned about, despite the fact that I had a history of skin cancer, twice, in that same location on my face.  Because she told me what I wanted to hear (it's nothing), I waited a year before getting it rechecked.  It was cancer, and I required extensive, disfiguring reconstruction at that point.  In part, I blame myself for not being assertive enough and insisting on a biopsy.  But she should have performed one, without question. 	4	4	3	1 	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	After two disasterous experiences with other dermatologists, Dr. Harper put me on the right track. I can't recommend her highly enough. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	I was referred to Dr. Harper from my own dematologist because she was suppose to be the best in dealing with difficult cases. I was so pleased with who. She was very professional, caring & compassionate with me. He and another doctor both worked with me and was going to try something different with me but she was sending a letter to my own Dermatologist to handle to keep me from driving so far. I high recommend her as a Doctor. There is no doubt I would use her again. Thumbs up! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
51	1	Was recently added as a new patient, does not just treat symptoms, he tries to find the root cause of issues. Much more thorough than previous physician.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
52	1	Dr Harrigan is the most absolute best doctor I have ever met.  He is so nice and will always help you out--even when you are in a rough spot.  He has an understanding ear and will always help you.  His staff isn't that great, but Dr. Harrigan is a find doc. 	1	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	I have insurance and medicare but I still pay a 30.00 copay. when I ask about it they said they owe me a 50.00 credit. I has to have a tb test done and the office charged me 20.00 I ask about my 50.00 credit and they said they didn't know anything about it.  I love Dr Harden but his office staff is terriable 	1	2	3	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	-1	Absolutely no bedside manner.  Always seems upset and is not very pleasant.  	4	3	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	1	Dr. Harding does not hesitate to refer you to a specialist if you are having problems in areas where a specialist should be called in.  He is personable, friendly, takes his time with you.  In general, as a patient, you will feel very comfortable talking with him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	1	I am always talking to his back.  He comes in very bothered, makes a diagnosis and leaves while I'm still talking.  Not a people person at all.  	3	3	3	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	1	 	5	5	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	Dr. Hamer you are and awesome dentist and all of your staff are all hard working polite down to earth people i have every met.  We love you,  Mayhall Family 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
55	-1	Billing issues, no returned calls, can't help you attitude is the vibe felt there 	1	4	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	Dr. Hamer took over when Dr. Bain retired.  I am very pleased with his care and the care of his staff. His office is professional and friendly.  I have never waited more than five minutes after I arrive.  I recommend Dr. Hamer to all my friends.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
55	1	Very friendly,comfortable at home feeling.Loved the work Dr.Hamer did for me and my mom.Would recommend for anyone. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	AMAZING Never want to go to anyone else. I have been to five other docotrs too.You never have to wait! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	Very good doctor and very good staff.  Reasonable prices.   Have even paid cash for uninsured daughter 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
55	1	Good dentist, very intelligent and considerate. He was recommended by a relative who works in dentistry.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
56	1	She is a wonderful doctor and I would recommend her to anyone. I've been seeing her for over 5yrs and she has been a very big help. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	SHE REALLY CARES ABOUT HER PATIENTS AND LISTENS TO THEM! 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	Explains diagnosis and answers questions. Very Concerned about patients. Has good experience and practical knowledge. Pleasant personality. Very knowledgeable in area of gerontology.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
58	1	He has a great bedside manner. he takes time to answer all your questions.  he made me feel like i was his only patient.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
58	1	Dr. Hannon is a very knowledgable and sincere doctor. He explains every detail to you of your surgery and will take the time to answer all your question until you and he are satisfied that you have a clear picture of what is expected. He also has a great bedside manner and you can tell he actually likes to help people.  	 2/19/08	5	4	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	1	 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	Dr. Harbin is very nice, and understanding  his staff is very courteous also. I had an  issue that he wasted no time in taking care of. He ordered blood test to make sure that my body wasn't responding to the medication in a negative way. The only problem that I have is the wait, sometimes it can be too long, he also has another doctor who  will see you if he isn't in. I didn't like him too much, as I had to tell him not to prescribe me a particular antibiotic b'c it didn't work in the past, I don't think that doctor read my file, but good thing I spoke up. I would recommend Dr. Harbin.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
60	-1	Not interested in my overall health. Used him for several years. Being polite is a nice quality but not enough for my health.  	4	4	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
60	1	DR. HARBIN IS VERY KNOWLEDGEABLE, CONSERNED ABOUT HIS PATIENT, NEVER RUSH THROUGH VISIT,SPENDS ALL THE TIME THE PATIENT NEEDS TO UNDERSTAND AND ANY QUESTIONS THAT NEED TO BE EXPLAINED. HE IS CONCERNED ABOUT YOU AS A PERSON AND YOUR FAMILY. I WOULD RATED HIM AS A 10 PLUS.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
60	1	Very empathetic, takes time to listen , excellent physician.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
61	1	Excellent Pediatrician.  She has treated my 15 year old daughter since birth.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
61	1	Judy is incredible.  She is very caring and concerned about her patients, and I have noticed over the years how wonderfully she has adapted to my son's age and demeanor (from almost birth to now 13).   EXCELLENT doctor and person! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
61	1	Dr. Habeeb has been caring for our 3 young children since birth. Our 3 children love her. Her staff is very efficient and you hardly ever have to wait in their waiting room. She has a wonderful bedside manner and has an incredible rapport with children. She is very well suited for her speciality. She is a caring and very knowledgeable pediatrician and we are very very happy with her. We hope to continue seeing her for many many years.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	1	Had to wait longer than expected but was very helpful.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	-1	 		1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	fantastic visit. very informative and helpful.  took time to explain all he found 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
63	-1	He misdiagnosed me! It was a traumatic experience for me being 16 at the time! Never see him for GYN!!!! not helpful, not caring, and imposes beliefs onto his patients.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
63	-1	This doctor helped to bring Vistacare to Eufaula,sort of like Hospice and when we as a family chose Wiregrass Hospice instead of Vistacare he would not give us a recommendation for the Wiregrass Hospice program.Our family member has Alzheimers and so we had to go to another doctor who would give us the recommendation.Dr.Haggerty was extremely upset with us.  		3	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	1	Dr. Handey is such a hoot.  He may not be as &quot;polished&quot; as some physicians, but he really cares about his patients and goes above and beyond to be there for them and provide the best medicine possible. 	3	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
65	-1	I missed an appointment and ran out of meds and was advised just to go without meds that I had been taking for years, so I sought out the advice of another doctor and went to him because he told me not to stop taking my meds.  When I tried to go back to Dr. Hall, his staff was very spiteful to me, saying Dr. Hall said, no you said you were going to Dr. So &amp; So and we're not going to play the switching doctor game.  The staff member who told me that delighted in relaying that news to me.  	1	4	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
65	-1	This doctor is a witch doctor. He is sicker than any person I have ever met in my life. He needs to have his license revoked FOREVER! Do NOT go to this place. Throw your money out the window, instead. It will be better spent if you do so.  He threatened me and said he, &quot;was going to kick my a___!! He doesn&apos;t know the meaning of the word, &quot;oath&quot;. He needs to be put in prison for the rest of his life with no parole because of the severe emotional damage he is doing to his patients.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
65	-1	Staff is horrible.  If you are looking for help, this is not the place.  Hall is unable to be reached even during scheduled office hours.  The staff will not help you at all.  	1	3	1	3 	Insurance:CIGNA
65	-1	The staff is wonderful. But Dr. Hall forgot is oath when seeing me. I went to him because of depression and he told me I needed to have no children, to grow up or that I need to be in jail. This was all because I told him the medicine he put me on was not working.  	5	1	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
65	0	His bedside manner is horrible 	1	3	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
66	-1	jerk 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
67	0	He is okay, I could do better, he is not the worst and he is not the best.  	1	1	2	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	-1	Dr.Hall is the WORST Doctor I have ever come in contact with. He is not knowledgeable on anything that you ask him. He does not like to answer questions. He has no respect for anyone. He talks down to you because he does not know the answers to your questions. He does not have the common sense to refer you to a Doctor that can help you. He will just keep giving meds even if it is for the wrong thing. He does not seem to think his patients are important and he said as much to my family. I would not recommend him to anyone. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	doctor hall is caring and he listens to his patience.He's willig to listen to you and trear u with respect as being a patience. I'm grateful that he is my doctor 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	he has been my doctor since 1974. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
68	-1	I was totally ripped off by this quack.  He is going to have to face the Feds since the Alabama Board of Medical Examiners tries to make him immune.  The medical board will be exposed because of this totally uncaring doctor imposter, inmy opinion and the majority opinion. I think you also know the IRS is on your big tail as well.  Good luck behind bars where we feel you belong. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
68	-1	.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
69	1	He is not Just my Doctor   but He is my friend....My wife and I both Love this man...  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	1	. HE IS GREAT AS TO SEEING ABOUT HIS PATIENTS I THANK HIM FOR HIS CONCERN FOR HIS PATIENTS ! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthFirst
69	1	Dr. Wyndol Hamer                       RMC Physicians Center Suite 402        901 Leighton Ave. ,               Anniston, Alabama 36207              Phone 256-231-2833 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	1	Terrific doctor very patient concerned always listens offers referral to specialist if he feels necessary.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	1	very good  doctor ,very understanding n knowledgeable . he has found problems i had no one else did in 2or more years 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	1	This doctor is very caring     and actually saved my life once    also diagnosed me with a problem when the &quot;experts&quot; failed. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	Dr. Hamer treated my mother for many years. He was so much a part of our family that my mother saw him as one of her children. He truly cared for her and when she was diagnosed with terminal cancer he never gave up on her and called in lots of specialists. When she passed away he grieved with us. He is a very caring doctor and we love him very much. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	Dr. Hamer is very knowledgeable. I went to several area doctors and he is the only doctor that could figure out what was going on with me. The office staff was also very friendly and knowledgeable. I would recommend anyone to him.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
70	1	Dr. Harris and his staff are very professional and caring. They work hard to ensure that my needs are met and address any questions or concerns I may have. I would highly recommend his services. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	Dr Harris is the bomb!!! And his working enviroment is so much more interesting than any other doctor's office I have been too. Once your surrounded by uplifting people you will be uplifted and feeling better yourself..  ~Tiff 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
70	-1	Just because I am on medicaid and pregnant does not give someone the right to talk &quot;Ghetto&quot; to me.  Where did you get your medical degree from&#63;  I'm sure you're not from Jamaica, but you seem to think you are Bob Marley.  I came for health care not a one-man-show.  	3	1	2	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
71	1	Wonderful doctor, caring, knowledgeble.   Great office staff 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
71	-1	My wife and I decided to use Dr. Haley when we started searching for a family Doctor. My wife was suffering with a bad cough and sinus infection went in about it and asked Dr. Haley if she could get some cough medicine. The doctor refused saying that prescription cough syrups have narcotics so no she would not prescribe cough syrup my wife needed to get an over the counter. Then a month later she was having sinus issues again and went back the doctor then told my wife she had a viral infection in her nose and gave her a prescription for it. The next day my wife was hurting so bad she had to go to the E.R. where they ran a test and told my wife there was NO SIGN of a viral infection and she had sinus palops which should have been caught in the first place.  	5	4	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
71	1	Received very good care from this doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
72	1	Dr. Harrison has been my doctor for a while.  I love his staff.  His nurse, receptionist, and everyone there are so nice and helpful.  I have used many other doctors over the years, but I drive out of my way to get to see Dr. Harrison.  He sits in the exam room and discusses your problems, doesn't disregard what you say, and then treats accordingly.  I have reccommended this doctor to others who are equally satisfied.  I would never hesitate to send someone to him and would never hesitate to call him if I needed him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
72	1	. well satisfied with 		5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
73	1	Everyone at his office is helpful and nice. Dr. Harvell is a great dentist who is gentle and does the job right. I never get anxious about a dentist appointment like I used to with a previous dentist. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	He's been the family Dentist since I was 6. I am now 25 and I have not once had a complaint. His policy has always been to attempt to keep prices down without sacrificing quality. He has lived up to that policy for a long time.  	 9/14/05		5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
73	1	Dr. Harvell is careful, reliable and does beautiful work. Just don't be late for your appointment.....not even 1 minute late...or you are history. 		5	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
74	1	This was the second surgery Dr. Hackman did on me.  Two seperate disks.  Very happy and please with both.  I really like Dr. hackman.  Always follow his instructions! BW Williamson.  Brantley,Al.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
74	-1	Hackman did 3level disc on wife neck ... wife suffered SCI during surgery ... Hackman said she would 'get better' ... wife has constant pain, damaged motor skills on rt side, severe neuro problems on lt side ... wish we had used someone better.  	3	1	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
74	0	This doctor is extremely old school. He doesn't believe in more modern tests that could have determined what my pain was caused by and basically wrote me off.  Seek another doctor if you really want someone who is willing to utilize all that is out there in the medical field to help you 		1	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
75	-1	Dr Hankins seems nice and caring at first. If you want more than narcotic pain meds, he isn't much help. His staff is not very friendly and makes numerous mistakes. I had a RX mistake and a billing error.  	2	3	2	2 	Insurance:Humana
75	-1	Heard only what he wanted to hear. Made it very clear he wasn't interested in anyone with MS or the pain they experienced.  If he couldn't do an epidural, he didn't want that patient.  His demeanor was condescending and he has a cash cow forcing everyone to have a drug test at a cost of $50.  When he was told that retired people can't afford $90/visit he got mad and said to find another doctor and left the room.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:AARP
75	1	Very caring doctor, it's worth the wait to see him. Takes as much time with you as you need.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
76	1	Great doctor with wonderful staff.   Highly recommend 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
76	-1	.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
77	-1	I used Dr. Hall for nearly 20 years.  He was always wonderful and I recommended him highly.  HOWEVER, the last time I went to him I needed a cavity filled.  He started with the needles and I flinched a little.  He got so mad that I was insulting him.  He told me I could find another dentist.  After DECADES of service, my whole family used him, and we knew him on a first name basis, he did this.  I left in tears.  He was so rude.  I hope that no one uses him after reading this.  He is simply not a dentist to use.  I still can not believe he made it out to be MY fault that he couldn't  give me a shot.  Very poor chair-side manner.  	5	5	1	2 	Insurance:Tricare
78	1	Dr. Han and his staff are top notch. He diagnosed a problem of mine that I have had for years and didn't know it.  Of all the doctors I have been to in my life, he is the best!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
78	1	I am very happy using Dr. Han.  He is very nice, very knowledgeable and every time I have a question he takes time to really listen and answer it.  And he works with you!  Very caring and professional.  Would recommend to anyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	1	Very nice guy.  Seems genuine.  Very quick to refer to others if anything out of the ordinary.  The only complaint is that their phone system puts you into a perpetual loop and staff can be slow to call you back.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	1	Very helpful and he seems to care. Efficient. Never keeps you waiting, but doesn't seem to be in a hurry to leave either.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	1	Excellent doctor. Patient, kind, caring anc concerned. Takes the time needed to see his patients. Very easy to work with.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
79	-1	very mean and arrogant, would not answer simple questions without getting irate 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
79	-1	very standardized medicine....never on time, wait up to 5 hours for some patients.  Cancels daily appointments regularly. 	5	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	I have to disagree with the people who said he was rude. I suffer from depression, he took the time, about and hour, to sit down and listen to everything I had to say. He also said there are other medical condition that cause depression like symtoms. He tested me for those conditions. He found out that I don't have depression at all...I suffer from Hypothyroidism. He is a great doctor.  	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
80	1	I have been a patient of Dr Harrelson for over 15 years. I don't have many medical issues, usually a sinus infection, but I did rip a clavicle muscle once. He has referred me to specialists a couple times. I like Dr Harrelson because he does not waste time with chit chat, he come in, makes a diagnosis and moves on. He can be blunt at times. I went in once wanting to get antibiotics for what I thought was an infection and he refused to write a prescription....he said....'you just have a cold'....I respected him for that....he's not afraid to do what he knows is best for the patient, sometimes that means not giving the patient what they want. I will say that if you are looking for a doctor to spend a lot of time talking, listening to all your complaints, etc....The doc probably is not the one you want. My appointments take less than 5 minutes....I'm in, doc says hello, frowns, looks over his glasses, asks if I'm still traveling, turns around making notes....says have a good day.  Fast! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
80	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	Have used this doctor for many years.  He is one of the BEST doctors in this town. I highly recommend this Doctor. It is hard to find a doctor who actually cares about his patients.  He has always been good to me.  Keep up the good work Doc! 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
80	-1	Have never met a more rude and obnoxious man in my life.  I explained my symptoms and he rolled his eyes at me!! Won't call you to report test results,takes an act of Congress to get him to refill the simplest prescription. I, along with my entire family (even parents) have found far better care.  Too many informative, caring doctors out there to put up with this jerk.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
80	-1	Not knowledgeable. I had to do research on my own health issues. The staff was not friendly. I changed Drs.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
80	1	Dr Harrelson is the best doctor in Alabama. If something is wrong with you,he will not stop till he finds the cause. I dont trust many doctors, but I really do trust Dr Harrelson. He know what he is doing.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
80	-1	Very rude.  He has the worst bed side manner I have ever seen! He does not seem to care about anyone but maybe himself! 	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
80	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	I've been seeing psychiatrists since 1991, and Dr Barnett has certainly been one of the VERY BEST I've seen over the years.  You never wait 1 minute past your appointment time to see her.  Always listens, and treats you like a person. She always includes your input on your treatment too.  Excellent Dr!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	He is an acupuncturist and has taught it 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
83	1	Dr Harris and his staff are great. If you want to go to a dental office where you get personable care and don't just feel like a number, I highly suggest seeing Dr. Harris for your dental needs. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
83	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Scott Harris for over 10 years. He is always kind and professional. Any dental work ( fillings or cosmetic),he has done, has always been excellent! I look forward to having him care for my teeth for years to come.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
83	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Harris for several years. I am very nervous at the dentist, however, he and his staff have been patient and very kind when they see how uneasy I get. He has done my routine check ups, fillings, and a bridge and crown this last year. I found his prices to be very reasonable. He explained my options and I was given the opportunity to participate in the decision of what procedure we would do. His staff worked with my insurance provider and made sure that I understood what my coverage was and my options for any balance. I could not ask for a more caring and helpful dentist or staff. I have recommended his office to several friends who have also started using his services. I cannot believe that some of the others who have commented have been to Dr. Harris' office, as I have found them to always be concerned about my well being and my dental care.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
83	1	charges seemed very reasonable to me having gone to dentists in the Birmingham area prior to this visit to Dr. Harris.  He was kind, gentle and answered all questions thoroughly.  I felt as if I were in very good hands and as mentioned already the charges were minimal.  Thank you Dr. Harris.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
83	-1	When I moved to town, of course I opened the phone book and Dr. Harris' ad was so big that I ended up scheduling an appointment with him. The filling he did was rough but I haven't had any problems with it.  I went back for another filling and it looked horrible and the bite was off.  The bite was initially adjusted by his assistant.  I went back and Dr. Harris adjusted the bite and never looked at the tooth.  The tooth looked horrible.  That tooth ended up costing me much money and headache.  In addition, during another procedure he punctured my lip.  At the time I was seeing Dr. Harris, he was seeing too many patients. You can't focus on patients when they are stacked one behind the other. 	5	5	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
83	1	I find Dr. Harris to be Extremely knowledgable and very caring.  Not only does he answer every question in detail, his staff is helpful as well.  They discuss prices up front and are fair and honest.  They are very approachable and I am sure if there was ever a problem they would help you. 	 8/9/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
83	-1	I paid these people 104.35 gave them my debit card they took 227.00 out of my account will not give it back. And was not sorry they did it. unreal! They can't  even say they were sorry they did it great doctor office people or not nice and the don't do what they say!! they will rip you off.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
83	1	I love this dentist!  And I've been afraid of them all my life (I'm 58 yrs old).  He did a root canal with no pain.  It was done before I even knew that he had started. But... he's not one of my preferred providers so yes he accepts the insurance but then bills for what they don't pay.  That was a very high bill. So I'm not able to go back to him because I can't afford it.  	2	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
83	-1	Dr. Harris is nice, but he is in dentistry for the money.  He did a filling on a tooth and when I looked at it the next month the tooth looked horrible.  It was clear that the filling had been done in a rush.  Dr. Harris is a &quot;fix it&quot; dentist.  If you want a dentist that is methodical,prevents, and cares about your oral health, I would look elsewhere.  As for the knowledge question, I ended up putting a &quot;2&quot; but in all honesty I don't know what Dr. Harris knows.  He just blatantly states he is going to do something without any explanation as to why.  	5	5	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
83	1	When I called, the receptionist was very sweet and made me feel at ease.  When I arrived 4 my appointment, there was soothing music playing in the waiting room.  (I did find the waiting room to be very small.)  It took about an hour 4 him 2 actually start my procedure, but when he finally started, it took him only about 20 minutes to complete the work.  I had no major pain.  I also liked that his staff went out of their way 2 try to get me2 come back to them on a regular basis.  I don't know if it is because he needs new patients, but they were &quot;selling&quot; the practice, but they did it in a nice way.  The ONLY concern I have is this: Dr. Harris clearly does not have enough time to focus on one patient for more than 20 minutes.  What happens when you need to talk to him about a procedure or need his undivided attention&#63;  He literally did my procedure and then walked off without a good bye.  It would make me nervous to have him do something major to me like crowns. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	Super friendly! Knowledgeable and very caring about your child's health. Great staff.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
85	1	He doesn't have the best bedside manner but he is very professional! Saved my life in 1987. I was 43years old at the time. I had 4 bypasses but would have dieded if not for his help.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
85	-1	 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	Fantastic and knowledgable. He will be my surgeon for a very long time.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
87	0	GOOD 		3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	Dr. Harrelson is a very knowledeable physician and very courteous. I will always be grateful to him for helping to save my life. He knew what was wrong with me as soon as he examined me in the ER and I thank God for Dr. Harrelson and for giving him the ability and knowledge to be a great doctor 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	Dr. Hart was very timely but detailed with my examination and was able to pin-point the pain area very quick.  Very pleasant experience, overall! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
90	-1	Dr. Hartman is a doctor I was excited to see at first.  I've been to him several times and realized he is the worst dermatologist out there.  He never spent 5 minutes in the office with me.  It is always try this and see how it works.  Don't go to his office. 	5	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
90	0	I was really excited to find an African American doctor in Birmingham who could understand my struggle with hairloss. Upon entering his office, the staff was really nice.  Once my name was called, I went to the back to finally meet Dr. Hartman.  He only saw me for about 5 minutes. He didn't ask me if I had any questions.  He walked into the room, said hi, started talking and left when he was done.  I feel like he only wanted my money, he didn't put any effort into trying to solve my problem.  He gave me a prescription which I don't think should be first line therapy.  I would have rathered tried nonpharmacologic interventions first.  I wouldn't recommmend anyone to this office.  If I am going to pay eighty-eight dollars per visit, I would at least want to spend 10 to 15 minutes talking to the doctor about my condition. I WOULDN'T RECOMMEND THIS DOCTOR TO ANYONE!!!!!! 	4	4	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
90	-1	I am sorry to have such a poor review on a doctor. When Dr. Hartman came into the room he only spent 4 mins or less with me and did not say nice to meet you or good bye. I spoke with his nurse longer then him. He did not wait to hear any concerns or ask me did I have any questions. I think that Dr. Hartman needs to slow down to read these reviews and try to change how he treats patients.  	2	2	1	2 	Insurance:HealthFirst
90	0	I do not recommend this doctor for any type of procedure.  His &quot;bedside manner&quot; is horrible.  His front desk staff are nice, but the people in the back are rude and unknowledgeable.  For some reason, they don't like to review the paperwork and the doctor always has the computer with your information on it.  He doesn't want to spend any time with you because &quot;clearly time is money&quot; to this doctor.  I would very surprised if he still had an office in 5 years--very shady business practices.  	1	5	1	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
90	1	I had a wonderful experience at the new practice.  From the receptionists to the nurses, everyone was professional and courteous.  Dr. Hartman took time to answer all my concerns, very unusual for a dermatologist in a large city.  I have recommended his office to many and will continue to do so. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
90	-1	A dermatologist should be able to recognize or get close enough to your skin to realize that their patient is wearing makeup to cover up the blemishes amd pimples.  I felt as if he was in a rush to hurry me out of his office and didn't pay attention to my skin to notice why I was there. I get better skin treatment and evaluations at a day spa.  	1	1	2	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
90	1	Dr. Hartman is an excellent Dr. He has helped me with my Morphea for two years and I have had great results from his treatments. He is very caring and concerned about your health. Most of all he is always on time and spends time with you listening to your concerns.  Will continue using him and will refer friends and family.  So very glad I found him. He has also removed pre-skin cancers without me knowing I even had them.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
91	1	Dr. Harrison is an excellent oral surgeon.  I have had 3 procedures by him over the years and he is excellent in all facets of his practice with a very professional and competent staff.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
92	1	Dr. Halsey is maybe not the most &quot;outgoing&quot; doctor but he has helped us when noone else could figure out what was wrong.  We had an emergency after hours and called him at home.  He returned our call within 10 minutes.  This was 8:00 o'clock on a Friday night.  He does not B.S. you with small talk but he knwos what he is doing.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
92	1	I also felt the &quot;dryness&quot; of Dr. Halsey, he was very quiet but was looking into the info I had brought him and after about 15 minutes he agreed with the doctors in California of what I had.  He even had a conversation with another doctor I had seen at UAB in the neuro dept who had disagreed with Cali and personally called me to let me know that they were both on the same page now.....that made me feel alot better.  I think he is a great doctor...... too bad he is retiring! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
92	1	A1*****  He is like many professionals that are truly great in there field.  A dry persona but one of the best darn doctors I have ever been to.  His approach may be a little different than most but it worked for me. He did in 15 minutes what many other doctors before him could not do. He truly helped me.  He was caring and new what was going on with me and what I was going threw.  He knew what med's to give to help control my condition. He also recommended a local doctor/former student to me which kept me from having to drive so far to see him. He is still there when I need him. To me is one in a million. I have only good words to say about the man and his staff.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
92	1	Very knowledgeable and not afraid to try to figure out what is wrong. I'd already been to 2 other docs who just basically threw their hands in the air and sent me on to the next doc. He knew the right tests to do, and I think that the silences are only because he's trying to access all info on the chart and what you have told him. He is the only doc I've ever been to who has a patient load of 5,000, but STILL calls me back MINUTES after I call and leave a message for him. He suggested he act as a consultant to my doc in GA so I don't have to drive so far. Which means to me that he's not out to just get the $. He is a bit dry, but hey I'm from the north and really don't care! He also said he likes to talk to intelligent patients who have done their own research, so he does not consider himself to be God. I would HIGHLY recommend him, just chill out about his bedside manor. Do you want someone to figure out what is wrong with you or get a new friend&#63; 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	Old school physician and approach; not very personable (or perhaps &quot;dry&quot; is a better description)... but very knowlegable/helpful. I had bounced around to a couple of neurologist before coming to UAB. He has been the only one to figure out what was/is going on with me. In the final analysis, I would rather have a MD that knows what he is doing rather than BS me with personality. I would recommend him to friends or family. 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
92	-1	Very poor bedside mannor and gave me the creeps if that is an appropriate medical term. I was refered to his office by a physician who did NOT KNOW HIM PERSONALLY..I've told that physician he should NOT send folks to this guy. 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
92	-1	My UAB Urologist referred me. This guy was off the wall. I waited TWO hours & when he finally came in after other questions he asked had I seen him before(I had not). In asking about my &quot;problems&quot; he then related HIS OWN SEXUAL PROBLEMS!That really shocked me. After some hammer tapping on my joints,he asked me to remove my pants. When he first entered the exam room,he left the door open about a foot so anyone in the hall could have looked in. I stated I wished to close it first which seemed to surprise him. While I faced the wall, without first saying he was going to, he pulled my underwear down to my knees and spread my buttocks to poke in there with an opened safety pin. While doing all this he was UNGLOVED. Without asking me to turn around, he then &quot;cranked&quot; me around by the thighs(as my shorts fell to my ankles) and began to stick his pin in my penis and scrotum. He gave no reasons as he was doing all this. I thought it was too creepy for words.  I would NEVER see this guy again! 	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
92	1	Dr. Halsey can be abrupt and seem arrogant. He, however, is a kind and caring doctor and knowledgeable in his field. I have experienced his concern and helpfulness. He won't win awards for his personality, but if you want a knowledgeable neurologist who genuinely cares for his patients, Dr. Halsey is that doctor.  	5	5	3	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
92	1	he was the only doctor that knew what was going on with me and he was there to help me with my sickness no other doctors know what to do for me.  the other comments are not true about the man i know i think he is the best doctor in his field 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
92	-1	He was in the room for 15 minutes before he said anything and we he saw that I was a new patient then and only then did introduce himself. He wasn't helpful in explaining what the test result showed. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
92	-1	NEEDS TO RETIRE 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
93	-1	The reason why I rated Dr. Albert Haas the way I did because this is what he deserved a sad face he is rude to his patience and don't take the time to listen. I don't recommend him to anyone.  	 12/22/10	1	2	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
93	1	Dr. Haas is worth the office wait! Knowledgable and truly cares that his patients are happy with their surgical results. They don't come any better than Dr. Haas. 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
94	1	Very friendly Dr. Knows what hes doing.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
95	1	Dr. Hamo is a very good dr. ,but I think he tries to see to many people a day. Sometime I have to wait A long time. He has an accent and sometime I have trouble understanding him. Everone I have talked to that has used him likes him and highly recomends him.I am seeing him for migrains, he has not found the cause of them yet, but he is doing more for me than any other dr. I have been to. My migrains were almost daily now they are more like once or twice a week. Dr.Hamo also has an office in Alexander City.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
96	0	It's all about the money - that's it. I was impressed at first until the issue of my having endometriosis came up. Essentially the nurse said they would have to stop treatment due to symptoms of this condition. My husband and I had been through this with the doctor and the nurse in detail! We even had my OB/GYN send my records over. We went through four rounds of IUI with Dr. Harper even though during the last round we were told it was useless due to the number/size of eggs produced that cycled. When we expressed our desire to wait and try the next cycle we felt bullied into going ahead. IVF was pushed the entire time. Dr. Harper promised we would discuss other options to the IUI - stronger drugs, etc.. He really wasn't interested at all in continuing anything further with the IUI. I was shocked to find our escrow account we had to set up with him was empty due to his &quot;consults&quot; when all he did was pop his head in the room. He was pompous, arrogant, and condescending. I wasted so much.  	1	5	2	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
96	-1	Would NEVER recommend this Dr to anyone !  From day 1 IVF was pushed on me and I only saw the Dr once over 4 mth period , the nurses do his job for him ! I had a HSG done and was told nothing else could be done but IVF . I went to Birmingham to DR HONEA who is amazing !!! She did a lap on me any everything was normal so I always ask questions &amp; go with ur true feelings if I had listen to DR HARPER he would of pocketed over 8000 for nothing !!!! I should of walked ou the day he pushed IVF but I wanted to give the staff a chance so I wasted months of time and money !!! To those he has helped congrats to u but to those with a bad feeling RUN ..... Hope this helps some women from goin through the pain and emotions for nothing ....  	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
96	-1	Dr. Harper &amp; his staff are very unhelpful. I started spotting on a Saturday. Called emergency line and my call was returned 45 minutes later. The nurse said bleeding with some clots was normal in 25% of pregnancies. Not after you've had 3 miscarriages. She was supposed to contact Dr. Harper to see what he wanted to do &amp; call me back. She never called again. I ended up miscarrying the same day. I wait until Monday morning to call and the receptionist has no care at all. She forwards me to the nurse that I talked to over the weekends voicemail. NO appointment, no NOTHING. Also, my progesterone went down by 16 points in 9 days (this is 2 weeks before my miscarriage. I asked the nurse if they should continue monitoring that and possibly give me progesterone supplements, she said no...if your progeserone is low, the pregnancy is doomed one way or the other. No sensitivity once again. DO NOT go to this office! They are rude, uncaring, and will not help you in any way.  	1	4	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
96	1	Dr. Harper and his staff are simply AMAZING! His nurses are ALL very caring and truly care about each patient. Christine, proved to be an angel and always helped me in any way possible.  Coming from another health care professional I can tell you this fine group of people make me happy to be in the health care industry. The office is very efficient in scheduling, I never waited for more than 5 minutes at any appointment I had! I even was unable to to get off work the day I needed to have my IUI, so they did it during my lunch break which happened to be during their lunch break too! My husband and I are now expecting twins and could not be happier with the positive experience we had with Huntsville IVF.  I highly recommend this office! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
96	1	Dr. Harper has been a God-send! He is truly a gift to Huntsville. My husband and I have been trying to concieve for 2 years now, and after 1 miscarriage and 1 ectopic, we were referred to Dr. Harper. Since day 1, Dr. Harper has taken the time to explain every single procedure or protocol that we were considering or about to start. He made sure all of our questions were answered and that we felt completely comfortable with our decisions. We tried oral meds first, then IUI with injectables, and finally we resorted to IVF after all other protocols did not work for us. He never pressured us into IVF. We are now pregnant with our first IVF miracle and we thank Dr. Harper and his wonderful staff of nurses (who are equally caring and knowledgeable). They watched us so carefully, we always felt safe. We had an ultra sound every week from wk 5 until we were released to our OB at week 12 (and that was bitter sweet).  His goal has always been our success and we are so blessed for his experitise.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
96	-1	This has turned out to be the worst experience for me.  He refused to do a seman analysis on my husband even after requested several times (which turned out that he did need medication). I had a septum in my uterus, and an HSG done by my OBGYN showed blocked tubes.  He did surgery to remove the septum and refused to believe that my tubes were blocked.  When I asked him to redo the HSG, he refused.  After the surgery he assured us he had fixed my problems and sent us on our way.  Six months later after not achieving pregnancy I decided to go to a different doctor. My current doctor redid the HSG and found that Dr. Harper had not fixed the septum and both tubes are completely blocked.  I had told him this but he refused to test.  He didn't listen to our concerns, and he had no beside manner.  I was crying everytime I left his office.  I wish I had never heard his name!  I went through surgery for nothing and the insurance company paid him &gt;$20,000.  	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
96	1	In all of my months as a patient at the Huntsville Reproductive Center, I only saw Dr Harper at the initial intake interview. The nurses handled everything from that point on. The nurses were overall fantastic, punctual and answered every questions/concern that we had. However, you don't get very much say in how you are treated. Once you are a patient with them, you have to follow their protocol no matter what or they will threaten to let you go. Being as they are the only fertility clinic around, it was my only hope. I got tired of being ignored and decided to go my own route. I do not recommend them to LGBT people who are trying to conceive.  	4	5	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
96	1	My husband and I tried to have a baby for 12 years.  After meeting with Dr. Harper once, we knew that he was the doctor we would use to go through IVF.  I went through IVF at 39, became pregnant, and delivered a beautiful baby girl.  She is 16 months old now and is the light of our lives.  Dr. Harper is a skilled, caring doctor, and I would recommend him to anyone going through  infertility. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
96	1	Dr Harper is a very good doctor. He is the 3rd infertility doctor I saw due to moving around, and he was, by far, the best one of them all. He is a quiet, soft spoken man but he is also very good at what he does. He did not try to redo all the tests that I had done with my other doctors. He told me what he felt I needed to do to get pregnant, and after my 1st try at IVF, I have a beautiful baby girl. I would recommend Dr Harper to anybody that needs help conceiving a child. He was there to answer any questions I had and his nurses are the best as well. I would not see any reason why anyone in the Huntsville area would need to travel any where else for their infertility needs.  	 5/26/10	5	5	5	Insurance:Tricare
96	1	Dr Harper is a BRILLIANT, soft-spoken man. Every little thing he does is for a specific purpose. He pays attention to even the littlest of details and I have always felt that my care was WELL managed! His nursing staff is equally as impressive! And on my second In Vitro attempt, after years of various fertility treatment with other physicians, we have success! The nay-sayers here are simply unhappy with the message he had to give, which is not his fault nor his shortcoming. I have always felt I was in the BEST hands possible, whether resulting in failure or success. It would be foolish to go elsewhere when Dr Harper is here in Huntsville and his success rates are so good.  And isn't it amazing what he can offer us that would not have been available just ten short years ago! He gives hope to so many who have little to hope for! 	 5/25/10	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
96	0	Many confusing and conflicting things were told to me. I went from having regular treatments and positive response to meds to being told I can't conceive in a week. Nurses are nice enough but  Dr. Harper's bedside manner is lacking. He is very methodical and scientific. Infertility is one area where the docs need to be supportive and possess an understanding of the emotional toll this takes on their patients.  I was not satisfied with the service I received but I think they are competent enough to help those with minor issues.  	3	5	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
96	1	I USED DR HARPER IN 2007 TO CONCEIVE MY SON. HE EXPLAINED WHAT MY PROBLEM WAS AND HOW WE WERE GOING TO SOLVE IT. I HAD GONE TO ANOTHER DOC BEFORE HIM AND THAT DOC PUT ME ON SHOTS THAT COST ME $3000 IN ONE MONTH, BEFORE HE DID EXTENSIVE TESTS. DR HARPER WANTED TO START OFF GETTING A STUDY OF MY BODY THEN PUT ME ON MEDS THAT COST $14.00. I WILL HOPEFULLY GO BACK TO HIM ONE DAY FOR ANOTHER BABY.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
96	1	Dr. Harper is gentle, kind, and honest.  We have a healthy and beautiful son!  Thanks to Dr.  Harper! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
96	-1	The reason for my lower rating - after seeing Dr. Harper through a couple of cycles for infertility he gave me an almost 0% chance of conceiving.  His prognosis wasn't based on  blood work or my response to fertility drugs.  However, he was quick to offer IVF with donor eggs.  He is not a very compassionate person; I find him to be pompous, arrogant, with an I-am-God attitude. 	4	4	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
96	1	I went to Dr. harper for a period of approx 7 months. He was very compassionate and understanding. He was able to get me pregnant and I had a beatiful baby boy. He died at 7 weeks of age from SIDS. I am going to return to Dr. Harper in hopes for IVF for anouther beautiful baby.  Valerie 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
96	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
97	-1	DOCTOR DOES NOT KNOW WHAT HE IS DOING! IF YOU FINDS OUT HE CAN'T DO SURGERY ON YOU, HE WON'T HELP YOU WITH ANY OTHER SINUS PROBLEMS. HE STAYS IN THE ROOM WITH YOU FOR 4 MINUTES THE MAXIMUM. HE WILL HARDLY EVEN LOOK AT YOU. HE ACTS LIKE YOUR SYMPTOMS YOU DESCRIBE ARE NOT IMPORTANT TO HIM NO MATTER HOW MISERABLE YOU ARE. HIS NURSE IS VERY RUDE AND SHORT AND IMPERSONAL WITH YOU. DO NOT GO TO THIS DOCTOR, I HAVE HAD SEVERAL BAD EXPERIENCES IN THE LAST 3 YEARS WITH HIM AND I HAVE HAD IT.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
97	-1	I have been to this doctor over the last 12 years w/t Bc/Bs, so I know him very well. He has performed 2 sinus surgeries on me didn't help. The problem with this doctor is he will make you wait in the waiting room for a very long time, but once you get in the room he walks in 3 minutes & he is walking out. He does not spend time with patient, nor does he listen. I have been to him 4 times this year for severe swelling of the nasal passages & he gave me a answer of I DON'T KNOW. He is a Ent, & he should know. He didn't offer me medication for my severe swelling, nor a explanation of what it might could be or where do I go next. I have heard rumors he is surgery happy, & I do believe that. My fiance went to him 2 years ago & this Dr. said he needed surgery. But he didn't go through with it. 3 weeks ago, the Dr. called & wanted to know if he would do the surgery now. So he must be hurting for business. Its been 2 years, my fiance isn't doing it. Beware of this Dr. Really. Waste of Time.  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
97	1	wonderful doctor, very knowledgable. saved my life.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
98	-1	Had arthroscopic surgery by Hartzog and my shoulder pain was much worse than before the surgery. I tried to talk to him about this problem but he didn't seem to understand and was only interested in talking to his portable recording device and not me. It would often take 1 to 2 hours after appointment time to get in and see him. Had to go to another doctor to get answers to my shoulder pain problem.  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
98	-1	2 appointments, 1st on 27 July @ 7:40AM, did n ot get seen until 9:20. 2nd appointment 3 August 2 9:20. Waited until 9:55 in exam room, no doctor, no explanation. Dr. Hartzog is arrogant to believe that the time I take from my job to see him is les important than his. It is inexcusable.  	2	1	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
98	1	Dr. Hartzog is an orthopedic genius; I have the utmost confidence in him.  It is awesome to see a doctor work with the combination of brilliance, speed and compassion that one observes when in his presence.  	4	2	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
98	1	This is a very caring, knowledgeable doctor who is very busy and sometiomes runs behind schedule. However, he gives each patient the time needed. I've had 3 surgeriess by him plus a broken ankle. Plus 3 others in my family use him. We are very well pleased.  		3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
99	-1	This man was no help to me.  He ran two very invasive test and told my mother i was fine.  I never saw him after that, but learned that he had found numerous things wrong with me.  Apparently hernia's, internal hemroids, and inflimation among other things were considered perfectly normal in a 23 year old female.  I was very unhappy, especially when he fled town soon after i tried to make a follow up appointment and was told none was needed.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
100	0	I  do not reccomend this doctor as he appears to be more concerned with his staff than his patients.  I cannot trust him with my helth as that, apparently, is not his main concern.  I was told by this doctor to stop bothering his staff after one of his staff failed to notify me of a dangerous situation with my health.  	1	3	1	4 	Insurance:Medicare
