dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	A CARING DOCTOR WHO CARES ABOUT HIS PATIENTS. HE HAS GREAT CHRISTIAN MAN. BEST DOCTOR IN THIS WHOLE AREA. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	We have used Dr. Carden all of his career and he is competant &amp; caring. I have read the other patient reviews and can only say ditto to all the excellent ratings. The fact we have been patients for over 30 years sums it up.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
1	1	Very good doctor, caring.   I think he knows everything! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	1	Dr. Carden is an outstanding physician. He spends time with his patients and actually listens as opposed to many MD's. He is a top rate diagnostician. I would reccommend him to anyone.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
1	1	Dr.Carden Is a great doctor that listens to his patients and treats them with care and concern.He never rushes and has always provided excellent care. I have been a patient of his for many years. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	I haved used Dr.Carden for a long time and I am very pleased with him. He is a very good doctor and person. I love his staff also. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	He is a very busy doctor because he is a great doctor. He helped me a lot and always would listen when I had questions. He has gotten very busy and I wish he would slow down and take his time to be the doctor I saw at providence family physcians. He does care but now he is so busy if u didn't see him before hevwent to noth side clinic you don't understand how compassionate he is about his work. He is one of the best I know as far as family doctors.  	5	1	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
2	-1	I have been to this doctor twice and both times I felt like it was a waste of time, he is to busy to take the time to really listen and try to figure out what is wrong 		2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
3	-1	I had the absolute worst experience with this md while admitted in the hospital. She was rude, unattentive, literally screamed at me, did not explain any forms of treatment and medication, and did not thoroughly complete medical procedures. I had other staff members who witnessed this and came in to apologize for Carcelen's behavior. I am currently looking for a new pulmonary md and hope to get better treatment in the future from a more professional and caring physician.  	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	Dr. Chen is awesome and no matter what ill you he will always take the time to listen and hear you out.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
4	1	Dr.Chen is very personable, listens intently and responds in a very undestanding way with his care. Seems always ready to treat accordingly.I have been well pleased to have him as my primary care doctor.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
5	1	I have looked years for someone who would just listen to my symptoms.  Every doctor gave me a perscription and a slap on the back.  she listened, did tests and explained the cause and effect.  she will be my gyn and any other area she will serve me in.  I am so grateful for her.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	Have worked with her professionally and know she is very compentent.  It is wonderful to have a doctor that is both caring and competent.   She is the real deal! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	Very kind, really felt like she cared about my thoughts and did not dismiss my feelings like most M.D.'s.  Would recommend to anyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
5	1	. Excellent bedside manner ,very caring and compassionate I would recommend her to anyone!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	1	. very caring, easy to talk with 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
7	1	My kids love this pediatrician. He is so friendly and caring and every visit has been pleasant. The staff is also great.  The wait time is much less than when we went to another pediatric office in Montgomery--but this pediatrician is WORTH waiting for. Hope this helps.  	 7/27/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Tricare
7	-1	He was horrible! I brought my daughter in with chicken pox and he said they were insect bites. That the spots were not in different stages when if you looked you could see the different stages of chicken pox (red spot, pus/liquid filled bump) I ended up taking her to another dr. who said it was chicken pox. He also diagnosed everything as dermatitis.  Horrible! Not only could he not diagnose anyone he was rude! 	5	3	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
8	1	Dr. Carter is wonderful! My husband,my four children and myself all use him. His concern and care inspires trust. My family will not use anyone else. He saved my husband's sight after another doctor damaged his cornea. WE are very grateful for his care.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	1	DR Carter is an outstanding doctor. It's straight forward, to the point and displays a genuine interest in the patient. Please judge his medical abilities when you rate him. Don't rate him based on how long he's with you...or doesn't have irrelevate &amp; time consuming conversations with you!! LoL He's an example of an utmost professional...doing his best to treat &amp; see as many patients as possible.  He doesn't manage a social club or a therapist/counselor!!! LoL 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
8	-1	He did surgery on my father after he started the surgery, he told my dad he had to have someone drive him into work he had an accident the day before and was having trouble seeing.  Now my Dad can not see at all in that eye!!!  RUN FAST!! You may have more damage after he is done with you!! 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	1	Very good surgeon, but is not very patient. Would recommend for Cataract Surgery but that is his specialty.  	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	Dr. Carrell is now retried.  However, before the retired I was his patient.  He was very good, the best GP I ever saw.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	1	Absolutely the nicest doctor I have seen.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
11	-1	When I was a child, he was able to correct my overbite, and recommended braces. I thank him for this, but my gratitude ends there. He said it would just take a few years to straighten my teeth. Well, a &quot;few&quot; became 5, which then became 9. I had braces for nearly a DECADE! Every time we would talk about pulling out, he would strongly advise &quot;Just a little longer...&quot; and shock us with a frightening scenario. In hindsight, I believe he was just milking us for money. He wasn't a 'bad' doctor, but definitely in it for profit, doing much more than was ever necessary. His wait times were obscenely long, often lasting 2 hours just to have him look at my teeth for mere minutes, and check the work of his assistants (who did nearly everything).  	 3/2/11	3	1	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	1	Outstanding, friendly, very smart, personalbe and respected 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	The office staff and nurses are very cold and uncaring.  The wait time is very very long as well.  Also trying to find your way around the hospital to get to their new office is like a mouse in a maze. They are no longer at the St. Vincent's location.  They are part of Brooksile now. 	1	2	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	VERY good Dr. If you do not want it layed on the line DON'T GO. 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	Dr. Chadband is an excellent doctor.  He is extremely knowledgable and helpful.  If I have questions, he gives me very detailed answers.  I've been going to him for almost 7 years for diabetes.  I do what he tells me and have no problems caused by diabetes.  I have no blood pressure problems, no cholesterol problems, etc. because I follow his instructions.  I am perfectly fine with diabetes.  It makes me eat healthy.  Had it not been for this, I would not have met this wonderful doctor.  If problems in other areas come up, he immediately does what is necessary to get them resolved.  I would recommend him to anyone.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	1	. Great office staff, completely caring and genuine,that compliment this extraordinary physician! You will always be respected and treated with the upmost dignity! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
13	1	I have taken two of my daughters to Dr. Calcote. He spent a lot of time with us and explained everything to us. I am about to take my third daughter to him. I am expecting the same experience.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	-1	About 10 people came in after me and they were still there when I decided to leave and waiting OVER an hour without being seen.  It's been like that all 3 times I've been.  Sadly, Auburn doesn't have too many choices.  	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	1	Took my teenage son to see Dr. Calcote and it was one of the best experiences of my life.  Dr. Calcote had a long, long discussion with my son, never made him feel inferior, was just truly respectful, friendly.  Explained all the possible side effects of the meds he was prescribing and allowed my son to make the decision on whether or not he thought it was worth the risk.  Awesome guy, really great Dr.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	1	He is so kind, spends plenty of time listening to his patients concerns. Awesome Dermtologist, enjoys accurately diagnosising and treating problems. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	-1	I would absolutely NEVER recommend him to anyone.  One of the most insecure people I have ever met.  Don't expect to be able to ask him any type of medical question.  He will promptly tell you that you have too much information and that if you had gone to,orthopedic school and done a residency...he would be able to explain. Bottomline, he cannot articulate what HE learned in school.  His partner, for a second opinion, is none better.  I was referred to him by my primary care physician.  His only job was to follow my recovery from a broken tibial plateau - performed by a trauma surgeon out of state...as the result of a skiing accident.  I thought I was doing VERY well in PT.  5 months into a&quot;normal&quot; 9-12 month recovery he told me my knee had collapsed, I was developing arthritis and needed a total knee replacement.  It was apparent it was all about the money.  Thank God I went outside of the TOC and got another 2nd opinion.  I had the hardware removed by same out of state Dr &amp; I'm GREAT.  	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	Overall a good doctor. My problems that I have been to him for were all pretty simple: a couple of fractures and a dislocation. But he handled them well. Staff is nice and he is easygoing. Also tries to keep you mobile if at all possible, wont cast or brace you unless really needed.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	Great overall experience. My othopeadic problem was recognized and handled well. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	-1	Doctor did knee surgery without an MRI, when unsuccessful, simply said sorry, can't do anything else for you. Did not speak to family members after surgery. Paid is substantially worse than before surgery.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	-1	Dr. Chapman is hard to see since she barly works there.  They need to hire another part-time Children's Dr. to cover her absence.  The office staff is the worst I have ever seen.  	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:Tricare
15	1	Dr. Chapman is one of the most knowledgeable, caring physicians in the area.  Although she is difficult to get into, the wait is worth it.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	1	I've used Dr. Chapman for several years and found her to be very caring and knowledgeable.  The office staff is good but not great.  I always feel like I'm interrupting some personal conversation when I sign in.  On a minor note the waiting area could stand a little sprucing but obviously that doesn't effect the care which is outstanding. I do know that she has been going down to Haiti to give medical care at an orphanage which  caused me to have to reschedule one appointment but I find it hard to fault her for that.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	-1	She started out really great but then she started getting later and later for appointments and hurried through the visit.  She recently took a leave of absence and obviously she has some personal issues going on.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
15	0	Dr. Chapman used to really seem to care, but not anymore.  And she just returned from a few months off which was difficult for the other doctors.  	3	2	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	1	Poor response to my needs as a patient. unfulfilled promise to write generic prescriptions to submit to insurance company.  	3	5	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	1	Love Dr. Chapman!  She didn't give up on me when other doctors did.  She is easy to talk to, answers all my questions, listens to my concerns and spends adequate time with me.  She is one of the best doctors I have ever used!  I trust her 100%.  The only complaint I have is with the office/desk staff - I don't think messages get relayed well.  Also turn around time on a Rx is 48 hrs.  However, those things are minor considering the excellet treatment I have received from Dr. Chapman. 	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	-1	I was dissapointed in the staff. The Doctor was very nice at first because the doctor was new at the time of my first visit. After a few years in the practice she changed and was not so caring. It is so important to have good employees working for you that love their job. Sometimes having a not so friendly staff tells a lot about the doctor.  	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	0	Dr. Chapman is a wonderful doctor.My entire family loves her.When she 1st started out it was great, always spent time with u & u could always get in & out very quickly.The wait now is unbelivable.The other bad thing now is that when u or your children are ill u can hardly get in or told that do not have anything available & can not see you until the next day.Sometimes most always if you are sick enough to have to go to the doctor then you can't wait until the following day. There have been several times I have been told I should go to the &quot;DOC IN THE BOX&quot;.I don't like 2 go 2 doc in the box, I don't trust them & it is a total rip off.Also don't feel like I should be referred to the doc in the box when I have a family doctor who should be able to work me in first thing am.It is just very frustrating. I love Dr. Chapman, think the world of her. She is a wondeful and very kind doctor. Also her nurses are AWESOME!I wish something could happen so that we may all continue to see her!Thank u 	 1/31/08	5	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
16	-1	Both Dr. Carters are wonderful but they do not have time to assist patients and family when in need.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	Dr. Carter is young and caring. She has a son about the age of my daughter, and is very knowledgeable. She is not quick to prescibe medicine that my daughter won't take, and takes a &quot;let's see what happens&quot; attitude that my husband and I appreciate. She doesn't run a billion tests that normal children don't need and is open to alternative medicine. She treats the whole child, and not just symptoms. She is always super friendly to the whole family, and takes time to answer all our questions. The wait time can be long depending on the time of the day.  		2	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	Dr. Caine is an excellent doctor.  He's obviously knowledgeable in his field and has a long history in Decatur.  But he's also very friendly, has a good sense of humor and a nice clean office.  I would most definitely recommend him to anyone. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	I love Dr.  Carlisle, he has saved my life more than once! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	-1	Waste of my time and money. His team talks and gossips when they are doing procedures. Was terribly sick, did not appreciate them talking about all their personal business when I was so sick forcing me to listen.  He ran up a $$$$$ bill never helping me feel better and writing the same prescription over again back to back and then charging me for an office visit. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	sometimes quality takes a little longer and when it comes to my health i am glad i waited to see dr.carlisle. the man saved my life!!!!!!!!!! that was back in 1987 when ulcerative colitis invaded my body after seeing another gastroenterologist for a period of six years and many rx of steroids later i decided enough was enough and saw dr.  carlisle he without a shadow of a doubt saved my life by sending me promptly to surgery 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	0	Every time I visited the office (3x's) I waited in the patient's room for over an hour. The nurses told me that he wasn't even in the office yet. Not very thorough in explaining my sickness (food poisoning). Forgot to warn me about how the medications he prescribed me could make my birth control ineffective. On a good note, he called me back immediately when I called him after hours.  		1	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	-1	Does not pay attention to what you say even after you wait and hour or more to see him. Makes quick judgements on what's wrong with you without much thought. 		1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
19	0	Dr. Cerfolio is a very skilled and no doubt, a knowledgable surgeon. It's his compassion and empathy that need a LOT of work!!! I went to see him for a tumor in my esophagus that was cancer. I was scared, and my family was also. When he came in, he had a group of 6 people with him, while he barked orders and, in my humble opinion, intimidated his staff. He proceeded to tell me that I had 5 lymph nodes that were also possible cancerous. That's when I started crying...in front of all those people, one which was a visiting doctor from Asia, by telling me how obese I was, and how I needed to get on a treadmill for thirty minutes everyday, uphill!!! He read my weight out to all in the room, all while I was crying. He didn't even take a breath or let me take one either. The staff all felt sorry for me, I could tell by their faces, but no one dared even offer me a tissue!! The kind doctor from Asia handed me his handkerchief. He was the only one who dared show compassion, and I will always rem. 	3	5	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	I started seeing Dr. Cerfolio in 2006!! He has done a wonderful job with me. He got BlueCross BlueShield of Alabama to pay for pet scans with no problem. That was a BLESSING! I had PET scans and CT scans done every 6 months. He watched the tumor on my lung carefully. In 2012, the tumor started growing and he thought it was best to go ahead and remove it. That day he told me that I thought my WORLD was ending. I could not stop crying. As I was leaving out of the office talking with some of his staff, who felt sorry for me, he came, gave me a hug, and told me he would take good care of me. Later on that week, I had a call from one of his staff members checking on me. How nice was that. She told me I had been on her mind and she just wanted to let me know she had been praying for me. I went to have my surgery and it turned out great.  I LOVE this man!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	0	Dr. Cerfolio is definitely the most focused doctor we've seen.  He's extremely knowlegable, something we definiftely want when the illness is lung cancer.He's been most encouraging from the beginning and always has time to answer all questions. Both before and after surgery he has made himself available to us.  His team is as patient friendly as he is, always concerned about not only my husband's needs, but mine,too.  His skill is to be much admired and thankful for.  When it was time to refer us to an oncologist, he chose Dr. Grant who seems to be very talented in his field, too. We have nothing but admiration for Dr. Cerfolio and his very capable team. UAB is very fortunate to have Dr. Cerfolio as part of their thoracic medicine team.  Thank you.   The Sullivana 	5	5	5	1 	Insurance:Medicare
19	-1	He was too full of himself and he got my dianosis wrong. I was supposed to have a stint put in my left lung to open it up, instead he decided to do a biopsy several according to him  that I didnt have lung cancer like fort walton beach medical center diagnosed after doing a biopsy. He was wrong it turned that I did have lung cancer.  	3	3	2	2 	Insurance:Tricare
19	0	Dr. Cerfolio is not my doctor.  I saw him across the hall in an ICU when I was visiting my sister.  I can not attest to his skill, but his behavior was utterly foul and self-centered.  He had both MDs and nurses scurrying as he was yelling at everyone because things weren't &quot;just so.&quot;  He was rude, unappreciative of help, condescending, and brash.  I am embarrassed for him.  After he left, staff was reeling from his visit and it was a while before people recovered from his presence.  Surely UAB could reign him in a bit.  It is a good hospital but I wouldn't let him near me because of the sheer lack of professionalism.  Makes you wonder what else he may be lacking in... 	5	2	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	He was rude,cocky, and condesending. I was in the hospital over 30 days, ending up having 3 surgeries instead of 1, was exposed to and caught a MRSA staff infection-never came to see me but maybe 2 times in a month and was rude then. I also found him as the other rating did to be very focused on himself and his accomplishments-builds himself up, and at the same time cuts others down including the patient and his staff. 	2	5	2	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	0	Dr. Cerfolio told me I was overweight and told my wife the same thing . I was the patient not my wife. In my opinion he needs to get his manners up to par. He praises himself way to much and is stuck on himself.He did not come see me after surgery or at any time that I was in the hospital. He spoke with my wife briefly. But left me wondering what was going on till I spoke with my wife. He may be good at his profession but he seriously lacks in bed side manners. And for future referance it would be a wise idea not to tell or call a mans wife obese, fat, or any other nasty word. That shows me he has no manners and needs to attend Classes on bed side manners 101. Also I've not smoked any cigarettes or anything in over 8 months and he makde a smart ass comment about it. In closing I'll say this ; as for the surgery I received at UAB I'll give them a 90 as for Dr. Robert Cerfolio; his manners absolutely intrusive and uncalled for.  	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	-1	The worst bedside manner I have every encountered...go to a different Doc and save your self the elevated Blood Pressure.  	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:AARP
20	1	 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	Having been a nurse since 1979, in various settings, private and public sectors, I can say without reservation, that UAB is one of the most organized, efficient, caring, knowledgeable, facilities I have had the pleasure of experiencing. Works like clockwork. With many health issues and having many specialists, I can say without reservation, that Dr. Chatham's knowledge, expertise, ability to diagnose and treat, as well as his desire to help far reaches that of the majority. I would highly recommend and happily make the drive to be able to have him participate in my care. His bedside manner is excellent. He asks the right questions and provides the right answers. I was so impressed with him and the facility that I would consider moving closer and continue my care at UAB and no where else. Finding a physician with the qualities, the continuity of care and the knowledge and concern in our current culture and with our national health care issues is difficult. There is hope. Delighted! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	I drive, happily- I might add, from North Alabama to see Dr. Chatham.  He has always answered my questions when asked and has always been honest and pleasant.  He has called me personally to check on symptoms and when pregnant with my children, kept as close an eye on me as my OB/GYN.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	very knowledgable and helpful.  highly reccommend him.   we've referred numerous people to him and they have all been pleased.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	I have never had a bad experience at Dr. Chatham's office.  They are always kind and considerate.  He never leaves the room without asking if there is anything else I need to ask.  He is usually available if I need him.  So far I have no complaints and I have been going to him for several years.  	 4/7/08	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	Dr. Chatam is the only doctor that has diagnosed my rare immune disorder correctly. I am very grateful. I had gotten incorrect or no diagnoses from a number of doctors at UAB, but thanks to Dr. Chatam I have the right diagnosis. I found him to be very knowledgable.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	0	This Dr. has no bedside manners and it takes forever to get the results back from your test and then its a letter you can't read.  	3	4	2	3 	Insurance:Medicare
21	1	Dr. Chatham was very kind and helpful on my office visit. He didn't seem to be in a hurry to get to another patient. He answered all my questions that I wanted answered.He also called me about the blood work that he ordered to be done.I don't see how anyone could say he is a bad doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
21	-1	Doesn't tell you much and is not friendly. 		4	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
21	0	I was seen the first time with many questions. He looked at my chart, told me what he thought it was, and gave me time to tell him how I was feeling. But it ended there. He ordered more tests and it has been a month with no word. I called and his assistant said he is behind but would mail me his recommendations. What&#63;&#63;&#63;&#63; He can't bother to phone me, or have his &quot;assistant&quot; tell me&#63; You are herded around like cattle in his office, and if you have any questions, forget it. If you like a personable doctor, who seems to care about his patients, don't go here. I will not be returning.  		3	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	1	-excellent physician with a kind and caring manner. I trust Dr. Cawthon with my health and that of my wife and children. We have used Dr. Cawthon as our physician for more than 30 years. Ware blessed to have him in Montgomery.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	-1	He was once a good doctor..NOwadays he seems to be too concerned with money to make a good doctor! He wants to see you 10 times before he even begins to help you.If you smoke don't waste your time going to see him he won't help you at all..I told him by exact problem and how i have even helped myself in the past and his reply was &quot;what do you want me to do about it&quot;..He did not even try, i spent more time waiting than i did with him..The simple truth to the matter is he sucks now!! Go find someone who cares about how their patients feel while i suffer with my same condition he refuses to try to correct.He tells me to stop smoking and he will help me so i did stop 3 months later i go and see him and i get the same treatment even after i tell him i quit smoking.. Like i said just go find a real doctor!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	1	I recieved excellent care under Dr Cawthon--he did my sinus and thyroid surgery. He is a wonderful Doctor-I give him the hightest ratings there are.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	1	. very nice, spends adequate time with his patients very good with children 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	1	He makes you aware of everything he is going to do and doesn't do anything unless it is warranted. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	0	Dr. Ritu was the most rudest doctor to new patients. she has a beautiful well organized office but a very ugly attitude. she not a patient woman, also she yells at your kids if they are behaving or talking to loud. I HAVE NEVER SEEN OR EVEN WORKED WITH A DOCTOR THAT WAS SO RUDE AND MEAN.  	5	5	3	2 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
24	1	Wonderful!! Wonderful!! Wonderful!! Very pleased w/entire experience! Bedside manner is an A+++! Very thorough and punctual.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
24	1	Dr. Chamber's was honest told me what my back surgery would do; it did what she said would.  My pain was cut in half; now I'm off to PT.  She is an excellent surgeon.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	-1	Horrible.... This woman did two surgeries on my grandmother's back not even testing her for any type of bone disease. She had osteoporosis (severe) did the surgeries anyway telling my grandmother that she would feel better. It made her worse. She was bedbound for over a year and passed away due to this &quot;doctor&quot;. Go somewhere else for a professional not this quack.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
24	1	Dr.  Chambers and her RN are the best 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	-1	. would not recommend 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	1	This man saved my life after an incompetent doctor cut my small intestine while removing an ovary. I had to have 2 small bowel resections and was so thankful that a very educated compassionate caring and excellent doctor finally got my &quot;case&quot;. Even though I am now living with short bowel and diarreah for life, I will never forget this caring and great doctor. If you need surgery,this is the man...if you want to live. He is the best Decatur has ever seen and will ever see in the future. I owe my very existence to this man.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	1	Very caring and concerned doctor...goes out of her way to help her patients...spends ample amount of time with her patients...very knowledgeable.  	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
28	0	Staff is really rude and unprofessional.  Not an empathetic or personable bunch.  Been going to her for years and making an appt has become nearly impossible.  When I have had appts or been as a walk-in I have had it generally take no less than 2 hrs.  By the time Dr. Cebert gets in there I am frustrated and have to go about my day and do not have time to go over her favorite lessons in the Bible.  She is an amazing person but the staff and time management leaves LOTS to be desired.  Looking for a new doctor.  	1	2	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	-1	I agree. She don't have any knowledge in the Medical field. She can't read lab work. I would not recommend her to anybody. Her family alone with the rest on the staff is not friendly.  You wait hours to see her and then she want to talk and not check you out.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Tricare
28	1	She's very good but she wants to talk for 2 hours plus u might wait another hour don't make any plans. 	3	3	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	Dr Cebert is a very googd doctor.We had no problems with her.She is a very good woman.More than 15 people have seen this doctor and is very happy eith her.She is a true blessing.Ignore all of these bad reviews!If you are looking for a doctor,go to her she is a very good doctor.Whether hard or easy what she advises you to do(medical wise)is what works.Me and my family have no problems with her,and she resbonds very well to children.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	-1	I would strongly recommend using any doctor besides Dr. Cebert. When I first started using her, the wait times were reasonable. Now, they're insane. The last appointment I made, it took 3 hours to see her for 10 minutes so she could write me a single prescription. In response to medical questions I've been told both &quot;I don't know; look it up on the internet&quot;, and &quot;you should pray&quot;. For an eye infection she once referred me to an optometrist instead of an ophthalmologist. Shouldn't a general practitioner know the difference between those two&#63; She wants to schedule follow up visits (and charge an additional office visit fee) for everything, even things that shouldn't require one, such as informing you of normal results from lab tests and checkups when you're not sick after you've traveled abroad. So if you want my opinion and you're considering her, do yourself a favor and don't.  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	-1	She has no true knowledge of the prescriptions she prescribes to her patients.  I will never return to her office.  I intend to file a complaint with the AMA and the county in which I live in.  	2	1	2	1 	Insurance:Aetna
28	-1	Was not very pleased at all.  Had to pay to get a copy of my labwork to take to another doctor I could feel more confident with.  Nice lady but not someone I'd see for anything other than a very minor issue if no one else was available.  	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	0	I think she has poor beside manners and needs to improve on her patient relationships. I too experienced her getting impatient with my minor problems (sinus infection). She needs to work on her people skills. I dont pay for rudeness but good customer support. I wont be going back.  	1	2	3	3 	Insurance:Aetna
28	-1	Although she was a nice person, I wouldn't trust her to handle &quot;real&quot; medical issues.  I've visited 3 times (just to give her a fair chance) and each time she's prayed through a good part of the visit, I had to wait over 1.5 hours each time and she has seemed flustered even though my issues haven't been extremely difficult (sinus infections and a pulled muscle).  She even wrote bible verses on a prescription pad for me before I left!!!  Although I'm spiritual in my own right and agree with many of her beliefs, I believe there is a time and place for everything.  I believe Dr. Cebert is a good, kind hearted person but don't feel as though she's a good physician.  	1	1	2	1 	Insurance:Aetna
28	-1	Great disappointment. Aside from the religious and faith topics during the appointment, my exams with this doctor has always been (and felt) rushed and consequently there have had numerous mix-ups with my prescriptions & lab tests. The office is quite unprofessional, poorly run and unreliable should you need their cooperation for any reason. It is unfortunate for everyone.  	1	3	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	0	Known her for a long time and tried to support her new practice...service is not good and office is unprofessional...  	1	1	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	1	I think Dr Cebert is wonderful,caring,As for Religious ,She is,But that does not bother me,I believe she is busy and reads her bible when she has time,in between patients,Lunch,ect.She does not force religion on you,she has treated me and my husband for everything,She knows her job well ,I have only very very good praise for her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
28	-1	Agree with others who say she gets too religious.  I can pray for free...don't need to make an appointment to be told to do that.  She was very nice but I felt she was sort of flustered by even the minor problem I was there for.  I will be looking for another doctor with whom I hope to feel more confidence in. 	3	4	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
28	0	I waited 90 min before Doc saw me. Then she never sat down to talk but stood in the middle of the exam room while hurriedly scribbling notes. Expects me to make an appt for test results - even if normal. Won't be going back there again 	2	1	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
28	0	Tends to get religious, lots of religious material in office. Wants to schedule follow-up visits for everything. 		4	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
28	0	Need better time management skills. Less talk and more action. Great referrals 		1	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
28	-1	She is OK for common problems but anything complex and she bails out. Often provides religious pitches. She gives great referrals.  		4	2	2 	Insurance:Tricare
28	0	For the most part, I have been very pleased with Dr. Cebert. However, my wife and I have had problems getting her or her staff to fill out the paperwork required by our insurance company before they will pay for a medication that she prescribed. I can understand that perhaps she has a beef with the insurance companies and all of the extra work that they make you do. Still, they are a fact of life for anyone who is in the medical industry. There are plenty of doctors that I can go to. I only have one insurance company. The only way I can change insurance is to change jobs. I'm not going to put myself or my family through that so that any doctor can avoid filling out a form every now and then.  		3	2	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	1	Dr. Cebert is a very thorough doctor. She does accept walk-ins and the wait is reasonable. My only complaint is that she did not file my lab test (strep throat, done in office) with my insurance company. I was billed for my labs and had to go through the trouble of filing my insurance, which has been a headache. 		5	3	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	-1	This doctor actual put in too small a stent in my renal artery. He first denied it but eventually owned up to saying it in the operating room. I tried to tell him I was wide awake and heard him but he &quot;Be Quiet!&quot; I went thru torture at Baptist Hospital. He waited 2 weeks with a 60% blocked artery and by the time I got the stent it was 80% blocked and on numerous non-working bp meds. I suffer more dementia from this man for having to wait. 1 size too small and that means the risk to replace it is too much to proper size it. He actually stated to the assistant doing it with him that he wished he could flange it. A word I do not use. After I reminded him of those words he then owned up to doing the wrong size. I asked for records and it took six months to get 1 page and they told me the rest were lost in the basement. I accepted his apologies, anyone could make a mistake, the way I see it but he put off my follow up till my insurance expired but his mind was not on me only a lawsuit. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	Staff and Doctor very cordial and knowledgeable. Answered all questions about tests and condition.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
30	1	. Extremely insightful into my dental problem 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	-1	Dr Casey has been treating me on and off since 1995.  He seems to care more about saving his company money than the proper care for his patients. He has misdiagnosed  my injury for about a half year and I finally got a proper diagnosis through another doctor. He downplays my pain level and never does much beneficial to help me. My last 4 visits only made my condition considerably worse.  I went from a pain level of 4 to a 9 out of 10 being the worst.  He will not refer me to a specialist to help me.  When I informed him I was having severe pain and needed medication, instead of expediting my prescription, he just sent it in routine and it took a week.  His office also did not help me on obtaining a previous prescription order by a different doctor working in his clinic that was never delivered to me.    I would never recommend this doctor to anyone in need of proper medical attention. 	3	3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	Dr. Rosen is very knowledgeable in his field of Gastro.  He has an outstanding personality.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	1	Dr Casey is the type of doctor who cares about his patients.  He does not just prescribe without reason or because a patient &quot;wants&quot; a certain prescription.  He allows you to be a partner in your care rather than always thinking he knows better.  	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
31	1	Great,friendly physician. Knowledgeable and caring! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	1	Dr. Carter is very knowledgable in his field and very friendly.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	1	. very personable 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	1	A person always answers the phone - no menu tree. Appointments can be gotten quickly. Both my children see Dr. Chappell and have seen Dr. Horton on occasion. Both are knowledgeable and competent.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	1	Very caring, always hopeful, currently treating us.  We very happy with his knowledge and success with our leukemia treatment.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
35	1	Dr Carpenter can appear to be your average quick, back handed attitude kind of guy. He's not! He may be behind in his appointments but it's because he's spent time answering someone's question or attending to their needs. He can appear high handed about his methods and opinions because he had a passion for his work. He stays on top of the latest studies and treatments. If you have a question, he will pull up a stool, and this explains the long waits. Well the wait is worth it. He is decisive. Who wants a chemo Dr. wavering between this and that. He can be, he knows his stuff. On our first consultation, he looked me in the eye and said 9 chemo treatments and I will not postpone or quit with them, unless you are dying. Then he patted my arm and said that's what I'm going to keep from happening. Tough words, but he's been true to his promise.  	4	2	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	1	Dr. Carpenter has been my oncologist since my BC stage 1 diagnosis in 2001.  He is dedicated to evidence-based medicine and I've been enormously pleased with his treatment AND with his &quot;bedside manner.&quot;  He once responded quickly and in detail to my email regarding a gynecological problem and even arranged an appointment for me to see another UAB doctor.  I feel very fortunate to have him as my oncologist.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
35	1	My wife has recurring Breast Cancer.  Doctor Carpenter has been a god-send to us.  He has NEVER been anything other than professional, kind, patient, and caring.  My wife and I have the utmost respect and confidence in Dr. &quot;C&quot;.  He is very up to date on all the newest procedures and treatment.  He can't save everyone but he sure tries.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	1	Condescending, and not open minded to the needs of his patients.  It's his way, or no way 	3	3	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
35	-1	arrogant, condesending. Upset we sought a second opion. I will never return to him. 	3	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	Every time I see him I wait at least 2 1/2 hrs each time.  He's very knowledgeable but doesn't have a great bedside manner, not much comfort or validation is found with him.  	5	1	3	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	1	I cannot believe anyone would call John Carpenter arrogant & condescending.  He is the most caring & considerate Doctor you could have.  They must have been numbed by the &quot;C&quot; word and looking for someone to blame.        I am a 10 year survivor next month.  I come from a science/semi-medical background.  When diagnosed, I did much research and had many questions.  I consulted the ACS and the Am Cancer Institute. Both recommended a &quot;comprehensive cancer center&quot;, so rated by the Nat Health Inst.  UAB/Kirklin is a fantastic place.  People come from all over for treatment here.  I was very lucky to have Dr. Carpenter for my chemo & he is the 1 on the team following up 10 years later.  He has knowledge of the latest advances - he put me on an arimtase inhibitor as soon as clinical trials showed the advantage for hormone positive tumors. He worked diligently to help me find relief from the hot flashes that come with hormone inhibitors.  He wants you to be healthy, happy & healed.   Love Dr C! 	 8/15/09	4	4	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	1	Dr. Carpenter is wonderful.  I was diagnosed at the age of 35 with stage 3 breast cancer, and was told by a friend that her former doctor had said he was one of the best in the country for breast cancer.  You will wait when you go for a check up, so be prepared, but he will stay with you for as long as necessary.  He is never in a hurry & he will go through your whole file giving you his undivided attention.  WORTH THE WAIT  I honestly do not think I would be cancer free now if it weren't for him and others at the Kirklin Clinic.  I drive 4 hours to see him and will continue to do so.  Everything he suggests has been proven in a study & he will explain everything.  If you have breast cancer, you need the best oncologist & HE IS THE BEST.  It took me a couple of visits to understand his personality as he is very smart & doesn't talk like your average Joe, but he is very caring & is concerned with your quality of life.   LOVE HIM! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	1	I love Dr. Carpenter.  He has been my dr. since 2001 when diagnosed with breast cancer at age 37.  I don't believe i would have physically nor emotionally handled cancer and chemo as well as I did without Dr. Carpenter.  I always look forward to an annual visits for his words of encouragement.  I like that he listens to me during visits. He's the greatest.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	1	Dr. C has been my doctor since 2006 when my breast cancer returned.  He is excellent and answers all of my questions and I feel that I am getting great care.  If I was not completely satisfied with him I would be going somewhere else.  I have had consultations with Sloan kettering and MD Anderson and both agreed with what Dr. C is doing with my treatments.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	-1	I am a sales representative who calls on this physician.  As a salesperson, I see many oncologists daily and this guy is one of the worst.  He is dismissive and is not interested in learning and sharing potential new therapies with his patients.  If John Carpenter, MD is your physician, don't walk, RUN to find a new one.  I would suggest Melissa Baird, MD who is also at the UAB Kirklin Clinic, or Luis S. Pineda, MD at 1909 Laurel Road, Birmingham, AL. 	4	3	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
35	-1	Very condescending and arrogant; our questions were treated as stupid and were dismissed with little explanation. All patients deserve to be treated with dignity and respect, but particularly those who have just received a diagnosis of cancer. We left and didn't go back; my mother had her cancer surgery somewhere else. 		3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	my son broke his arm in a fall.dr.carr accepted my son's pediatrician's referral @ around 5pm.now you know ,most doctors could'nt be bothered to see a new patient after 5,but dr.carr did.he was gentle,kind and knowledgeable.i will always remember him with appreciation and affection.thanks,dr carr! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	Dr. Carr is a great doctor and surgeon I would highly recommend him, for all your orthopedic needs.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	1	Its not always about making money, every appointment I had with you I had to stay for more than 2 hours in the waiting room for you to come and look at me for 2-5 min, I also have a job and get paid by the hour, so please be considerate about my time.  	1	1	3	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	1	Dr. Carr was very professional when dealing with my son.  He was thorough and kind.  I hope to never need him again, but if I do need an orthopedic, I will use only him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
37	1	she is very skillful, professional and efficient. would recommend to others.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	1	I found this dentist for my kids. They love him. My 6 year old had to have a tooth filled and she said he did not hurt her at all. All three of my children love to see him. They are excited when it is time to get their teeth cleaned. He takes the time to explain things. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
38	-1	Great Staff, but Doc. almost killed me using a boulder to drill with.  Never been in so much pain getting a filling before.  Had three shots to numb and didn't solve the pain.  Have a new found phobia of dentists now. 	4	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	I love Dr callahan my family found him when we had no Insurance and my husband had tooth that needed treatment. He worked with us and also refered us to a surgeon. Next was a Saturday and my son almost lost his front tooth we called his emergencies number and with in an hour he called back and met us at the office.  Will not go anywhere else 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	1	Dr. Callahan is great.  Once he discovered a bubble in a filling he'd done a couple years before.  He reworked the filling and didn't charge me.  He's always going out of his way to provide great service.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	1	Dr. Callahan is great. Always explains the procedures that he will perform & presents all of the options. Office can get a little busy & you might have to wait, and the people up front are a little 'spacey' (the voicemails that you get are absolutely hilarious sometimes) - but overall a great doctor.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	1	I agree with previous assessment. He was thorough and didn't perform unneeded procedure when he recognized his limitations. Was referred to oral surgeon.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	1	Dr. Callahan has been the best dentist I have ever used.  I had multiple problems with a root canal and Dr. Callahan was excellent.  He or his staff called me every day or two to check up on me and make sure I was ok.  He took extra care of me.  His staff is so very friendly--they make you feel like you are at home and part of the family.  He answered my phone calls during the night and never acted rude or upset--always helpful.  He is the BEST------Gary--Huntsville, AL 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	This doctor used to have a great reputation. However, he passed away in 2006. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
39	0	most people like him but poor fit for me.  Considered good 		3	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	1	very laid back and friendly. sometime i wish he would give a little more feedback on conversations. 		5	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	Dr. Cash is the first doctor to listen to me and understand my frustration with the skin condition I was dealing with.  She treated my condition with the proper medication and I am happy to say I am 100% clear! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
41	1	Dr. Cartwright is a great pediatrician. I use him for my daughter and now my newborn son. He has always listened to our concerns and answered our questions. I would recommend him to anyone.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
41	1	He is an amazing pediatrician. He really knows what he's talking about, and is a good man too. He didn't care that she was on the small side because she was growing and developing the way she should.  If we decide to have another baby, we'll definitely try to get him to be our doctor again! 	 1/14/09	4	4	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
42	-1	doctor does not seem interested in patient...  does not really listen to patient or answer questions fully 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
42	1	Great experience for the whole family.  My kids love him.  He actually listens !  Really seems like he takes the time to care.  Will definitely recommend him to my friends.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
42	1	Good doctor.  Takes his time to keep you informed. This tends to make him behind all the time. 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	I felt like he was very &quot;in-tune&quot; with our family. Dr. Carpenter would see the whole family if necessary because he realizes that everyone should be educated and informed in order to help his patient. He has a modern bedside manner with current knowledge. He seems to be the type doctor who continues to keep and open mind and who continues to &quot;learn&quot; about medicine. He listens to me!!!! 		5	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	Wait times were usually near an hour at this office. Staff was friendly. A nurse weighed my son and was off by 23 pounds. I asked her to re-weigh and she told me 'it was right.' I insisted he be reweighed by someone else before meds were prescribed. Dr. C is very nice and caring, but I felt our needs were not met at this office in general.  	4	1	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	1	Very personable.  	4	3	4	4 	Insurance:Medicare
45	1	Dr. Chaiprakob was excellent.  He was very knowledgeable, attentive, understanding and explained things very clearly.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	1	Dr. Chaiprakob was attentive, professional in his care and knowlegeable in his treatments. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
46	-1	Very disappointed in all aspects of care given in follow up after surgery. 	3	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	Dr Campbell is awesome - the nicest doctor you could possibly hope to have in an uncomfortable situation dealing with your 'private area'. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	Excellent, well knowledged Dr.   Eager to answer all questions, we were not rushed.  Eager to treat regardless of age.  Very nice.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
46	1	I would highly recommend Dr. Campbell to anyone who is in need of a colon/rectal surgeon. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	Operated on my cysts several times. Kind, patient, very good about talking to my partner after I came out of surgery. Makes colonoscopies about as comfortable/pleasant as they can be.  Outstanding doctor and staff -- that I wish I never had to see again.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
46	1	Had hemorrhoidectomy and spinctorectomy by Dr. Campbell. Operation was complete success. I'd recommend him to anyone. He's easy to talk to and answered all questions I asked. I highly recommend him. 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
47	1	Very caring doctor who takes his time, explains everything well.  Would recommend to friends and family.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
47	1	A very caring doctor who spends times with his patients. Kind and easy to talk to.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
47	1	Dr. Chapman is a wonderful physician. He is very knowledgeable about his specialty. And he has a great personality! I would definately recommend him to everyone!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	Excellent diagnostician.....is going to leave the Birmingham area. Has been deprived of his right to earn a living. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	thorough and knowledgeable. Punctual and friendly.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	1	Very friendly and outgoing. Cute too. ;) Not my baby's ped but saw him for a sick baby appt and he was great. Would see again/recommend to other parents. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
51	1	. Great doctor! Very caring and helpful! Nice office and staff! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
51	-1	Dr. has NO personality. Doesn't do much for you unless you ask specific questions. Staff is helpful but slow to respond.  	4	2	2	2 	Insurance:Tricare
52	1	Dr Chandler was very knowledgeable,explaination very good could undertand just what he was saying.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
52	0	Pretty arrogant and impatient.  I found someone else in his practice who took time with me and provided me with much better care.  	3	1	2	3 	Insurance:Medicare
52	1	Dr. Chandler is a very caring doctor who goes the extra mile to treat your symtoms. He is very up to date with new procedures and gives it 110% effort to do all he can in any given situation. I feel that he treated my husband the way he would treat his father. He gaves us all the options, risks and benefits. He never sugar coated anything and acted promptly in every situation. He has been my husbands cardiologist for almost 20 years. I would highly recommend this doctor.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
52	1	Dr.Chandler is an excellent cardiologist. His treatment of both my parents has been impeccable. I recommend him highly.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
52	-1	Jerry Chandler was my Father's cardiologist and failed him in every way. If my Father's heart was so bad as we were told, then Chandler should have recommended a heart transplant or traditional heart surgery. Not Robotic heart valve surgery and certainly NOT at Trinity hospital, which does not know if it is &quot;coming or going!&quot; Chandler needs to get off his pedastal! and no one in their &quot;right mind&quot; should choose him as a cardiologist.  Save your own life and avoid this doctor! 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
52	1	Has been our cardiologist for 16 years. Extremely knowlegeable, very personable, friendly. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	Dr. Camp keeps me walking, if it wasn't for him I would have to go around hurting in my lower back and neck and probably would not be able to move.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	1	Dr Carpenter is great!! he has delived both of my kids and it was a wonderful experience.  he is really down to earth and caring, always takes time with his patients.  My husband really likes him too.  If you are looking for a doctor look no further I just can't say enough good things about him.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	1	Dr. David Carpenter was my OB/GYN while I lived in Mobile,AL. He delivered my daughter Taylor in January 2008 via C-section (she was being stubborn). He was extremely knowledgeable and cares about the patient's needs as well as the expecting father. I would definitely recommend him to delivery your baby. The experience was wonderful.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	0	 	4	4	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	Very personable, thorough.  Overall a very good experience 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
55	1	Excellent doctor, I live in Millbrook and I choose to drive 30 plus minutes to Autaguaville just to see him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
55	1	Excellent Doctor. Very friendly and made me feel like a person instead of just another patient.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
55	1	Wonderful ,wonderful, wonderful is all I can say about Dr. Carter and all of the staff!! We  have searched for years and finally found home with a doctor!! We absolutely love him!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	I find Dr. Carter to be a fine doctor. He has been my doctor for at least 10 years. I would recommend him to anyone looking for a good GP.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
56	-1	The Doctor , is fine it's the front office staff that as know compassion towards patients.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
56	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Carter 10+ years and am every happy with him an his whole support staff. I highly recommend him and all of the other doctors who work with him. My wife has also ben his patient for the same amout of time and she thinks he is one of the best Drs we have had in our 40+ years of marriage.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
56	1	Love Dr. Carter, love his nurse, Denise.  All 5 of us use Dr. Carter.  My youngest has autism.  Dr. Carter encourages us to explore any and all forms of treatment that we are interested in.  He only asks that we run it by him first for safety concerns.  He asks questions and is genuinly concerned for our situation.  He has never pushed certain protocols or spoke against any, he just gives his professional opinion and is willing to learn and view research that we come across.  He is always fair and always helpful.   Cheri Rye Huntsville,Al 	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
56	1	Dr. Carter has been my Doctor for years now. He is good and if I ever need anything. They make sure it is taken care of. I have seen Dr. Howard and Dr. Brown. I was in the hospital one time and Dr. Carter was out of town and both of the other Doctors took very good care of me and seen me everyday. I can't see them being mean to people. The longest I have every been there was like 15 mins. It is in and out.  Thanks 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
56	-1	Dr. Carter and his office is very rude and I sat there from 1:30pm til 5:15pm. Then when I lost my insurance, I received a letter in the mail from his office informing me they no longer wanted me as a patient because of my &quot;money&quot; situation. I even grew up at a church for 21 years with the main &quot;doctor&quot; Wow, thats real christian-like. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	Dr. Carter is a good doctor. He does not talk down to patients and he listens to their needs. 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	This man is an intuitive marvel!  He can diagnose better and quicker than any physician I have ever seen.   If you are sick or hurt, Dr Caffey is the ONLY man to see!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
57	1	Very knowledgeable, caring, and committed to his patients, a dying breed of doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
57	1	Great Doctor.  We are new Alabama residents and Dr. Caffey was referred to us.  We feel very fortunate to have him as our physician.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
57	-1	He did not remember me from previous encounters.  He did not seem to review my chart before he saw me.  Was unable to give explanations for symptoms.  	1	2	2	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
57	1	Dr. Caffey kept our son alive (juvenille diabetes) when no other doctor in SE Alabama would even accept him as a patient.  You won't find a more knowledgable and compassionate doctor on the planet!  Not only did he accept a new patient, when we had problems, he would meet us at the hospital on Thanksgiving, Christmas, whatever.  He is a dedicated physician! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
57	-1	very unhelpful refused to listen 14 years later daughter still having trouble wouldnt send a sick dog to see him 	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	We very much like Dr. Caffey. He is very knowledgeable and even makes house calls when needed. How often do you have a doctor that will stop by your home or stop and talk to you outside when there is a problem.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
58	1	Definitely worth the wait if they are running behind. It is a specialist so we expected to wait anyways. Best doctor I've ever went to. He actually took time to TALK to us! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
59	1	Very happy with his knowledge, and he takes the time to talk.  Initial visit is slower to get called in, but once a patient, very prompt.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	1	I have several medical conditions but my faith in doctors was tainted when my physician at the time treated me for several things that I did not have and caused more complication than was necessary.  I quit going to that doctor and tried to steer clear of any doctors for the past 2 years.  I recently was referred by a friend to Dr. Calderwood and I must say his knowledge of my actual conditions was extremely impressive, you can tell that he is a man who does his homework.  He took time to actually get to know me and my history and discuss options for me.  He talked about new information and medicines to help that were so much better than what I had been taking a couple years ago.  I can't tell you the difference this doctor has made in my life.  My quality of life has increased abundantly.  Thank you to Dr. Calderwood and his incredible staff that made me feel at home and still take great care of me.  They are truly a prayer answered.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	1	Spends quality time with me; shows consistent concern 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
59	1	Calderwood treats me to get me feeling better first, then works on the problem to correct it. Spends time letting you talk out your problems.  Listens and responds with treatments.  Does not hesitate to send you to a specialist, if not better after a couple of visits. His nurse is easy to talk with when she calls you back.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	1	 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	I had a wonderful experience with Dr. Catranis. He performed a complete exam, answered all my questions and I had a great pregnancy. I would not hesitate to go to him for my next child.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
60	0	Always seems rushed.  Not willing to sit and talk and get things worked out.  	4	4	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
61	-1	my mother was dignoised with fibromalgia and dr.  caRPTNER WOULD NOT EVEN TREAT HER FOR IT SHE HAS BEEN MY MOTHERS DOCTOR FOR TEN YEARS SHE WONT EVEN END HER TO A DOCTOR THAT COULD TREAT HER I WOULD NOT SUGGEST HER FOR A DOCTOR FOR ANYONE 	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
61	0	Dr. S. carpenter, had been my fiances dr for 10-18 yrs. He was diagnosises with terminal bone ca. in June,2010. While in the hospital she confronted me about the meds given by his onconlogist, stating he was getting too much pain medicine. I stated I was giving what his Dr. said to do. On MOnday, 4-25-2011, he had an appt. to follow up after discaharging from the hosp. After all the pain he had to go through to get to her office, we are informed that she no longer will see him as a patient. NO certified letter, phone call, or nothing. This Dr is very intimidated by anyone that will not let het control there loved ones.....Her attitude in this matter is very unethical. 	5	5	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	Took the time to explain the illness my mom suffers from & answered all questions.  Go prepared with all your questions written down so not to waste doctor & staff time.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
61	-1	. She let my 90 year old Mother die without any medication for her bronchitis!! I begged her to giver her sonething as she was chocking on her own phlegm!! 	 3/20/09	1	3	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
61	1	The best and most compassionate physician possible.  Very knowledgeable and willing to refer if needed.  Rules out potential issues and then treats appropriately.  Always prompt and attentive.  Would not go to anyone else.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
61	-1	Dr. Carpenter is a nursing home doctor who quite often has been rude and condescending to the elderly and even worse to their families.  	3	2	2	2 	Insurance:Medicare
61	-1	Very poor service, actually fired me as a patient, without even a referral to another Doctor.  It's true you can only give her one problem to work on.  Not good if you have multiple problems.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
61	1	Dr Carpenter is an outstanding caring doctor.  She found my problem and outlined  a course of treatment that included medicine and life stile change.  Thank the Lord there are still doctors who care.  I would recommend her to anyone 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	My family &amp; myself have used Dr. Carpenter for many years. Over the years, we have experienced chronic disease, emergencies, regular check ups, &amp; hosptial stays.  Dr. Carpenter is very much a patient advocate making sure her patients get the best possible care. We have had numerous &quot;out of routine&quot; hosptial visits just to make sure everything is ok &amp; reviewing test results even when she isn't on call. We enjoy her kindness &amp; understanding when spending time with family members making sure to answer the many question on a level nonmedical people understand.  My family would highly recommend her as one of the finest physicians in our town.  I'm sorry some people have not been satified with her services, however not everyone has good medical experiences when so many health care professionals are involved in 1 patient's health care. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	she was talked to me about my diagnosis and explained how my medicine should be taken.  excellent 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
61	-1	was the &quot;medical reviewer&quot; used by the hospital I filed a complaint against for patient neglect/mistreatment. Although she questioned some of the people involved in my situation, she did NOT make any comments at the hospital board hearing that would refelct negatively on their position. One of the physicians on the board made reference to my &quot;case&quot; and said my care/treatment at their famility had been &quot;egregious&quot;--what does that tell you&#63; I would not EVER see her as a physician after that was reported to me. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
61	0	At first i liked her a lot. If she works you in, and you are sick because of several different reasons she will tell you right up- that she will only check out one thing, not everything.A work in gets 5 minutes, regular appt. 15 minutes. She says you must make a reg. appt. to come back for the rest. I looking for another doctor.  		4	2	3 	Insurance:Medicare
62	1	Dr Chaney has been our family Dr for 6 yrs now,& we would not be treated by anyone else.She really cares about you as a person;& not a medical problem.She is completely trustworthy,& has a brillant mind.We would recommend her to everyone,without any reservations at all.Her staff is excellent,also.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
63	0	Dr. Carter is deceased. 	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	I liked Dr. Cavendar and thought he was very caring and knowlegable.  I had to see his nurse Danete once and didn't care for her and the way she treated me.  I'll go back to him but have informed them I won't see her again.  	2	2	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	1	Dr. Cavender took my case when other doctors had failed me.  Since I am an elderly patient, several other doctors had dismissed my medical problems as simply &quot;a product of his age&quot; and did very little to help me get the most years out of life that I could.  Dr. Cavender stepped in when no one else seemed to care and took time to perform tests and then explain what my problems were. He is a very compassionate and empathic doctor who actually cares for his elderly patients.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
64	1	Dr. Cavender is WONDERFUL, very kind and compassionate and one of the Best Cardiologist in Birmingham. Very good to explain information for any age patient.  His NP Danette was also outstanding.  He is at CVA in Birmingham which is the best Cardiology Group in Alabama! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
65	1	. Office staff very well trained 	5	3	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	0	Always takes hours and never can talk to staff until late in the day..  Hard to get in be there as late as 7 pm 	3	1	2	3 	Insurance:Anthem
66	1	I have been very pleased with Dr. Caballero.  With my newborn he was extremely helpful with all my questions and concerns.  With my Preschooler, he goes above and beyond to keep the children comfortable.  The wait time for appointments is long, if you don't get 1st in the morning or 1st after lunch; however, good things take time!  I feel the pros outweigh the cons.  I have used other doctors in the area with a really short wait time, but had no where near the level of care as Dr. Caballero.  The nursing staff is helpful and nice.  They always help with anything you may need.  I am very impressed with Dr. Caballero and his staff's dedication.  When flu season comes around, I have frequently been in the office where sick children are still being seen close to 8:00 p.m. (when the office closes at 5:00 p.m. ) I highly recommend this doctor! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	-1	Too little time with patients.  Too hard to get in there, even with legitimate illness.  Often rude in my opinion.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	1	used this doctor from birth till i was about 17..  great guy! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	1	In my limited experience with using Dr. Caballero, I am pleased. He is great with my child and she is comfortable with him. He is pleasant and spends time talking to you to ensure that all is well. His waiting area has a &quot;well baby room&quot; which is nice. The office staff is great. The only drawback is the long waiting time. Try to be the first appointment of the day and it might not be such a long wait. 		2	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
67	-1	. Horrible experience, do not recommend this doctor to anyone! 	4	2	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
68	-1	 	4	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	I HAVE BEEN THIS DOCTORS PATIENT for more than 20 years. He spends the necessary time with his patients, asks questions and answers all my questions. He keeps up with when shots, medical test, prescriptions are required. I would recommend him to my family members but all of them live out of state.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
69	1	Dr.Chennapati has been the family physician for me as well as my mom and dad. In additon to being very knowledgeable, he is vey polite and listens carefully to what I have to say when I visit him. I highly recommend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	1	I have been under the care of Dr. Chennupati since he opened his practice here. I am a senior with several major health problems. I find that Dr. Chennupati has taken extremely good care of me. He personally calls me back with lab and test results. On 2 different occasions it was his prompt and appropropriate care that saved my life. I highly recommend him if you are looking for a medical provider.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
69	1	Great place, wait time good, fun and energetic staff, Dr. listened to what I needed and was very satisfied.  thanks 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	-1	would not recommend this office.  Long wait time, staff not responsive.  	2	2	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	-1	Dr. Chennupati does not take the time to listen to patients that is important for diagnosing.  He wants to look at your charts and prescribe medication.  He does not want find out what the problem is which requires talking about your diet and other lifestyle factors.  His nurse has unethical behaviors, lies, and is rude.  	1	5	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	1	I recently had my first visit with Dr. Chennupati. He seemed to be genuinely interested in my health. He was polite and courteous and took as much time as needed to listen to my concerns. I am very confident in his ability to provide me with proper medical care.                T.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	-1	.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
70	1	I have used Dr. Chapman since I was a little girl.  Now my children go to him.  He really helped my little boy.. after years of sleeping and breathiing problems 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
70	-1	This doctor was partners with Dr. Kitchens and when my 2 year old got sick, he refused to see her because she was his patient. And then decided through a nurse the problems she was having were not related to her ears.  This man needs to be put out of business!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
70	-1	doesnt care for patients only wants money will not listen or respond to questions you ask poor excuse for doctor 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
71	1	Dr. Castor is very kind ande caring. He has an old school aproach and says &quot;Mothers know best&quot;. He is great with babies/children and always says &quot;You're doing a great job Momma&quot; which is very encouraging.  Unlike some other doctors in the practice, you don't have to beg him for a RX!! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
72	1	Dr. Champion has been my Dr. for over 10 years.  He is a Christian and will pray for you before any procedures.  He is very thorough in his examinations.  He is kind, considerate & very passionate in his work.  I would HIGHLY recommend him to anyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Secure Horizons
72	1	Extremely helpful, kind and very respectful to my 37 year old son with autism. Has addressed his colon problems in an excellent manner for about 10 years and we highly recommend him.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
72	1	This is very good doctor. He treats people with respect, and really listens to them. He is a very intelligent, competent doctor and does everything he can to help everyone who goes to him. He takes time to explain things in a very easily understandable way and is willing to answer any and all questions you may have.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
73	1	Very kind physician.  Nurse was friendly, as well.  Lady who took my vitals was super sweet, too!  All around - a pleasant experience.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
73	1	Very personable and knowledgeable.  Staff very pleasant and courteous. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	Dr. Chamnong is wonderful we met him while he was at Pri-Med.  I always told him if he went into private practice I would use him. And fianally he did open his own practice. He is wonderful! I have referred at least 10 patients to him.  He is kind and very interested in what is going on with his patients.  And he always remembers who you are.  You are in good hands with him.  I like that he is young enough that I wont have to find a new Doctor due to retirement.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
73	1	My parents, grandparents, and I go to Dr. Chamnong.  He is fantastic.  Great listener and physician.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
73	1	Very caring doctor who put's patients first. He listen and treat his patients as if he would treat his own family member. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	We love Dr Chamnong when he was a Primed, so we were so pleased to hear when he opened his own practice. Finally visited, his office is beautiful and his staff is caring and awesome. The wait is minimal and once you are in your room things move along sommothly. Dr Chamnong is quick and efficient, but you never once feel rushed. He is caring and thorough and my favorite doctor in Montgomery. I have referred and will continue to refer friends to him. Thus far they have not been disappointed.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
73	1	Wonderful man who cares about his patients and is not conceited like many physicians.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
73	1	Have liked this doctor since he first saw my family working at emergency clinic! Very sensitive and helpful.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
73	1	So glad Dr. Chamnong opened his own practice.  After working with him for over 3 years at Primed I know how deeply he cares for his patients, and how very knowledgeable he is.  If he is unsure of a diagnosis he is quick to refer his patient to a specialist.  He does not over medicated, when it is not necessary. We are blessed to have him in our East Montgomery community.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
73	1	Always listens to his patients.  Very in depth and goes above and beyond to find out what is wrong with patients.  Highly recommend. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	Very kind and considerate doctor.   Love him!  I was a patient at PriMed for several years and he has always been such a caring man!!!!!!!!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
73	1	I love Dr. Chamnong.   He's so caring and interested in his patients care.   Can't wait until he opens his private practice!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
73	1	I am waiting for him to open his own practice.  Definitely interested in becoming one of his patients.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
73	1	I wish Dr. Chamnong was in private practice rather than emergency care.  If he goes into private practice, I'll be his first patient.  He's very knowledgeable and has a GREAT bedside manner.    I would give him 10 out of 10 stars! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
73	1	. very easy to talk wth and helpful wth the questions i had he requested med cgh and tk blood wk gave 7 day sample pills follow up next 7 days good young DR I WLD RECOMMEND HIM TO MY FAMILY AND FRIENDS 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
73	1	Doctor Chamnong is great!  He's always friendly, helpful, and willing to hear our concerns.  My wife and I both go to him, and are very pleased.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
74	-1	Terrible doctor! He gave incorrect directions to a family member of mine after a heart cath, and it caused a major bleed in their leg that could have killed them. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
74	-1	 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
75	1	Very knowledgable and compassionate about her job. Takes her time with and listens to her patients. I am very comfortable talking with her about problems  The nurse returns calls the same day.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
75	1	the offices needs to take more time with people, so all the staff can get to know people not just the doctors.   	4	1	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
75	0	the office is slow. very slow results even in high risk cases. changed appt from dr to nurse practicioner without telling me.  	1	2	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
75	1	Great listener, takes necessary time to get to know patients, considers total health, not just gynecological. Makes patients comfortable. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
75	1	Dr. Cater is a wonderful doctor. Very friendly. Goes above & beyond to be helpful. Very thorough. You will be in good hands with her. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
75	1	She is very compassionatte, imformative and professional with her patients.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
76	1	Dr. Chandler is a great doctor, great compassion, and is a super person. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
77	1	I owe my life to my friend Dr. Chamas. He &amp; his staff, especially Kathrine Hornbuckle are awesome! Super nice, spends a lot of time with me explaining everything in great detail allowing me &amp; my father to ask all the questians we want. I have no insurance &amp; was treated like royalty. Also very concerned about my pain. These two have become friends &amp; I love them dearly. I highly recommend Dr. Chamas &amp; his team of devoted &amp; truly caring staff!!!!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
77	-1	I was very dissaify whith Dr.Chamas. He call me a lier everyti,e I told me about my condition. He didn't give me time to say anything when he ask me question. I didn't like the way he handle my medical condition.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Tricare
77	1	. Great doctor, very devoted, spent lots of time 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
78	-1	Never actually saw the dr and they told me my child had two cavaties but never took xrays. Very rude and unhelpful.  I had two kids and they only allowed one parent back causing me a lot of stress with a todler running around while I held the other down 	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:Medicare
79	1	Dr. Castleberry is THE doctor. I was first introduced to him when i was diagnosed with Leukemia 17 years ago. He was very comforting then, very helpfull to my mother and eager to answer her questions, and i was cured. Im 15 years in remission, ive seen Dr. Castleberry every year since, and i wouldnt reccomend anyone above him. He is top notch and i am proud to have called him my Doctor. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	We were very pleased with Dr. Chakrabarty and his staff.  We would highly recommend them to anyone.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
80	-1	The waiting time can be &quot;trying&quot; at times! The care received is excellent as far as I am concerned.  	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Tricare
80	1	Dr. Chakrabarty is one of the nicest, most knowledgeable doctors. He listens and answers questions. The staff from the receptionist to nurses are the greatest. When I was referred to him I did not know what to expect. I had this fear when I arrived I would have to wear the bag for the rest of my life. Not only did he clam my fears but he also help me to believe healing would take place.  I have and I am changing my diet due to his advise. Can you believe I am eating at a Indian Restaurant&#63; Well I am and it's good. I thank God I was referred to Dr. Chakrabarty.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
80	1	I found Dr. Chakrabarty and his staff to be very knowledgeable and helpful!  After the birth of my son, my &quot;leakage&quot;, as I called it, had became quite an embarrassment.  I was treated in a professional and timely manner by the nurse and the doc.  Mine was a positive experience.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
80	1	I was in serious pain,called his office his staff brought me in the same hour.He diagnosed me with a kidney stone.Sent me for a CT/IVP and then did an ESWL.I was very pleased with the sevice and compassion.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
80	0	same feelings as last poster; my initial visit was for constant Uti's but that was never addressed; he did a vaginal and deemed it most important i have a &quot;rectocle repair&quot; immediately; (the exam was the most painful ive ever experienced for a female whos had couple kids)so the surgery was scheduled multiply times and i was never explained in detail what the surgery was for because everything was &quot;rush rush&quot; and i blame myself for not doing my homework on the surgery i had that i now feel i didnt need at all. i to was discharged the next day and in awful pain; they do not like to return return phone calls imo. i went back for my re-check and he ask me to fill out a form and i was reading the form and it had absolutely NOTHING to do with the surgery he performed on me, it was all about &quot;urinating symptoms&quot;! now 4 months later and uti issues are still not fixed.  	5	2	3	2 	Insurance:Medicare
80	-1	Takes about an hour or more to see the doctor.  Very un-organized office.  Staff very courteous.  Called us back for unnecessary visits.  Didn't explain what would happen if surgery doesn't go as planned and then tried to defend himself.  Didn't even know the size of the stone I had.  Said didn't know exactly where the stone was even after he had CT Scan and Ultrasound results.  Discharged me after being in the hospital only 1 day because I requested a second opinion.  I wasn't even fully functioning.  	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
80	1	ok sometimes, not ok on other times.Surgery was a success however, so......  	4	3	3	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
81	1	VERY KNOWLEGEABLE, LISTENED TO MY PROBLEM I WAS HAVING AND ASK QUESTIONS, A VERY CARING PHYSICIAN. WELL PLEASED WITH MY OFFICE VISITS AND PROCEDURES PREFORMED, OUTCOME WAS GREAT.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
82	1	I have been going to this Dr for 20+years. I Drive from Huntsville to her office about every 3 month.If it was not for her I might not be a live today.with her and the Lord I worth not be alive Mary 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	Sometimes a long wait, but very nice!  Love Dr.  Carraway-Handley! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
83	-1	The office is very unprofessional.  They are not timely even with appointment you have to wait several hours.  I am officially changing drs today!!!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
83	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
84	-1	.  	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
84	1	Dr. Callison is a great doctor. She has a very comforting bedside manner. She delivered my 1st baby through an elective c-section and I had a very good experience. She is a skilled surgeon. I am now pregnant with my second child and look forward to using her again.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
84	-1	Absolutely rude. I called after hours &amp; she was the on-call dr. I had a miscarriage, &amp; she told me I was over-reacting and that it was probably just a heavy period.  When I saw my dr, it was confirmed to be a miscarriage.  I will never forget it. One of the hardest times in my life, and she was completely insensitive.  	5	4	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
84	1	. I LOVE HER! SHE IS AMAZING! Sharon always remembers personal things going on in my life ( other than medical things) I love her! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
84	1	We just had our first baby and Dr. Callison was amazing during the entire process.  Her always positive attitude is contagious, we would recommend her to anyone!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
84	1	Ive seen Dr. Callison only twice but my partner also uses Dr. Callison. We will never go anywhere else. She makes us feel very comfortable and takes all the time needed to answer our questions. She is very funny and sweet. I would recommend her to everyone that needs an Ob/Gyn.  Callison Rocks!!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
84	1	I saw Dr. Callison for PCOS. She helped me deal with the disorder and her treatment helped preserve my fertility. I hate I moved because I would have loved for her deliver my kids. I cannot say enough about how awesome she is.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
84	1	Dr. Callison is the BEST!! If Dr. Callison left the Huntsville area I would leave with her because she is that good! She induced both of my pregnancies because of High Blood pressure and severe swelling.  She came right in... delivered my babies and was out like she had just had a cup of coffee and is now on her way to work!  She doesn't play about her patients in the hospital and will get any nurse told if they step out of line!!  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!! I LOVE HER!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
84	1	Overall a good doctor. Was very willing to help me with my heavy periods. Wants to listen to you and acknowledges your input! She is very nice, I will admit a little strange, but very nice. Her office staff could be nicer though.  Otherwise no complaints here! 	3	4	5	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
84	1	Dr. Callison is amazing! I am a high risk pregnancy, &amp; she has been very cautious, always going the extra mile to ease my mind. If the other responses are correct &amp; she does the most c-sections, it is because she specializes in high risk pregnancies-see website.  Because Dr. Callison is such a calming person &amp; an upset mommy can cause problems for the baby, she will say things like &quot;let's go ahead and do a csection&quot; instead of &quot;Oh my goodness your baby's heart rate is dropping fast, this is dangerous, rush her to the OR&quot;.  Being in labor too long can cause serious problems of infection if your water has already broken, having strong contractions for a long duration can cause the baby's heart rate drops causing brain damage, finally sometimes women stop dialating at a certain point because the baby is too large to fit through the canal. Just so you know, I believe in natural bith &amp; she supported that; with my first baby I was 7 cm with no epidural before I needed an emergency csection.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
84	-1	had to have an unneccesary C-section because she said it was taking to long. Then I found out later that she does more c-sections than any other OB in huntsville.  	4	4	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
84	1	Dr. Callison and TV OB/GYN are the best in this area.  Dr. Callison is friendly, smart, caring, knowledgeable, and has a healing nature. She delivered my first baby when she was 38 weeks pregnant with her first child. She really listens to her patients and addresses their concerns. She respects her patients' wishes while administering effective, healing care.   I'll never see another OB/GYN! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
84	1	Dr. Callison is amazing! It is obvious that she genuinely cares about her patients. She always listens if I have any concerns and her nurses return my calls promptly if I ever have any questions. She and her staff are extremely kind and helpful. :) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	She is a really good ob/gyn. Her staff is really nice and helpful! Most of the other doctors in that practice are good, too.  	 1/14/09	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
84	1	Very helpful.  Extremely good &quot;bedside manner.&quot;  Great lady.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Lumenos
84	1	I love Dr. Callison.  She is the best OBGYN that I have seen.  I was pregnant with my first child and she reassured me that everything was going to be fine with going through labor. I eneded up having to have a C-Section and everything was fine.  She came by and checked on me like twice a day.  That was so comforting.  I have gone to all my follow-up appts with her and they have been great.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
84	1	Dr. Callison is awesome!!! I have been a patient of hers for 7 years, since she came to Huntsville. She is very personable and genuinely cares about you. She was pregnant with her first child when I was pregnant with mine, so we were able to share experiences and she really sympathized with me. The office staff is great and her nurses are wonderful. She is a GREAT dr. ! :) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
84	1	Dr. Callison and the staff at Tennessee Valley OB/GYN are amazing. They are so friendly and recognize me every time I go in. They are extremely knowledgeable. They've always answered my questions completely and accurately, and I feel I couldn't have better care with another doctor. I rarely have to wait a long time for my appointments, and Dr. Callison takes time to address all my concerns. It's obvious that she is really invested in each of her patients.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
85	1	This is a great doctor.  He really cares about his patients and is on time most of my appointments.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
85	-1	a stent was put in a family member in 1999. 11 years later the same family member needed another stent.  an accident occured during the numbing process causing a chain of bad events for the whole family. dr. centafont admitted the mistake at first, but then started denying any mistake. we had no hard feelings about it until he changed his attitude about the whole thing. now we have no trust in him. 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
85	0	 	2	2	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	Dr. Carter is very knowledgeable, caring, listens when I talk and says I know my body best.  Has an excellent bedside manner and remembers who I am on sight.  Has given me several lumbar injections with great results.  Have had to wait on occasion but gives me his attention while I am with him.  Very helpful, was told over 10 yrs ago I needed surgery, haven't had it yet......Thanks Dr.  Carter 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
86	1	. dr carter is very nice and will talk to you  so you can understand what he is saying all the staff are nice and treat you nice he listens to you and doesnt rush you out we need more doctors like him im very pleased with him 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
87	1	Dr. Calametti rocks. She was first the doctor for my newborn, and after one visit I switched my almost 5 year old to her. She takes time to listen to you, is never condescending or patronizing, and is always quick to address our concerns. We've only had to wait past appt. time once, and though we waited for an hour due to another child that was very ill, the nurses and techs were great about keeping us informed as to the wait time and making sure we were aware of the situation. She is breastfeeding friendly, and was totally on board when I wanted to delay some vaccinations. Really, both Dr. Calametti and the staff at this office rock.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
87	1	Dr. Calametti is wonderful! She has been my daughter's pediatrician since birth. She takes time to listen to you and really seems to care. She is extremely personable and professional.  We would not use anyone else! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
87	1	She is the doctor used by every child in our family.  So, obviously we Love her.  She really takes time to answer all your question or concerns.  We have never waited more than 15-29 minutes which is great for pediatrics.  Her nurse is the BEST.  Dr. Calametti usually only sees my daughter for well baby check ups but always remembers that she was the first baby born in the hospital on Valentines Day.  My daughter recently had a fever seizure which resulted in a hospital visit and her office and Dr. Calametti were WONDERFUL to my daughter.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
88	0	My husband waited over 3 hours for a consultation. Emergency or not, the staff should have known to reschedule the appt if it was going to take that long. 	4	1	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	Doctor was extremely helpful and made the entire procedure much easier. Staff was also very helpful and quick to take care of their patient.  Highly recommended! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
88	1	Dr. Caylor removed my gall bladder laproscopically in 1999 & performed surgery on an inguinal hernia in 2003.  I am considering a colonoscopy.  I had one performed 10 years ago by a gastroenterologist, Dr. Michael Berry.  I was happy with the care I received from this physician but I really like Dr. Caylor & he has indicated to me that he too does this type of procedure.  Any idea how I could find out which one has had the most success with colonoscopies&#63;  As for my rating of Dr. Caylor, what can I say.  He performed both of my previsous surgeries with no complications, almost no after effects, & excellent advice when I saw him for a follow up visit.  In summation, I think he is the best & I have recommended him to several others.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
89	1	The best of the best great to take time with you and tell you everything you need to know.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
89	1	Dr. Cain has performed all three of my orthopedic surgeries and did an excellent job on all. Dr. Cain is the one doctor I would recommend over all others for surgery, consulation, or any other orthopedic related issues.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
89	1	He corrected a torn rotator cuff with surgery and promised I'd be at 100% in three months.  He was right, and I'm glad I used him as my surgeon.  	4	2	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
89	1	He was a superb physician, he was very knowledgable. I highly recommend him if you need an orthopaedist.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
90	1	Dr. Mary listens and works with me to acheive the best control of my Type 1 diabetes.  She doesn't make drastic changes in my insulin or other medications.  Dr. Mary understands that I am very sensitive to changes and she adjusts gradually and accordingly.  My diabetes control has never been better, but it has taken  working together over several years to get to this point.  I do my part by checking my blood glucose several times a day, keeping detailed records and educating myself about the disease.  Dr. Mary is very busy and booked three monthes ahead, so don't cancel unless absolutely necessary!  I recommend her to anyone with hard to control diabetes.  	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:Medicare
90	0	Dr.Casals is very patient and a good Dr., once you get into see her!!!! But her staff is  not as helpful as I need in a Drs. practice.  I have had to cancel an appointment because of emergency situation, and the earliest they could get me in was 3 months&#63; I have been a patient there for several years, and you would think they would find a way to get you in. I am diabetic and have Hypothyroidism and my medication is important along with follow up blood work. I have turned my problems over to my regular family physician because I could not get in to see her.  	2	4	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
90	-1	do not recommend ... front desk staff not efficient... doctor lacks empathy, does not encourage communication 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
90	0	She helped me and I'm grateful. 	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	I have had extensive surgeries done by Dr. Caycedo and all were successful!  I can walk today because of the work he did.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
91	-1	.  	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
91	-1	Poor patient care, uncaring staff, horrible scarring, still have daily pain and a limp 16 months post-op.  Will probably require more surgery but will never use this doctor again. 	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	Dr Hadley and Dr Carroll teamed up to help me fix a problem that had been messed up in Auburn. Just wanted to say they best doctors anybody could ask for... I am lucky to have found them. Thank you Dr Carroll and your staff for all you guys have done for me... I would highly recommend this staff for any ENT needs Dr Carroll thank you so much for your time and help. !!! 	 4/18/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
93	1	Dr. Chaudhari is very good doctor. We have very good experience 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
94	1	Dr. Chambers is very through and spends time listening to the patient.  He is very good about scheduling follow-ups to see if treatment is working.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
94	1	Punctual. Office staff is helpful. Dr. Chambers can be in a bad mood. Doesn't spend much time with patient unless they are very old. Makes you come back repeatedly even if nothing is wrong.  Could it be he wants the insurance money&#63; 	4	4	3	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
94	1	Dr. is a good diagnostician, which is biggest part of his practice.  Results in either Rx or referral to specialist.  	4	3	4	4 	Insurance:Medicare
95	1	I have worked with Dr. Casterline for  5 years. I find his vascular/open heart surgery patients do well . He is very commited to patient care and the needs of the family. Highly recommend him as I worked with him a very long time 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
96	1	Dr Champion took care of my father for years.  He added much quality to dad's life.  Dr Champion always searched for new and improved treatment modalites and was always a pleasure to talk with, both professionally and personally.  Highly recommended if you need a &quot;lung doctor&quot;.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
97	1	Thorough and good doctor.  But, not so good office staff.  Got forgotten in the waiting room and I had to remind them I was still waiting at closing time (had mid-afternnoon appointment).  Also, billed for a test not performed and staff fought me on it.  I turned the matter over to Blue Cross/Blue Shield and it got removed.  	1	1	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
97	1	Amazing doctor!! He doesn't just give out pain meds if you don't need them.  His reception/billing staff are total jerks and don't expect a 'Good Morning' when you go in, but He himself is great! 	1	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
97	-1	. DO NOT TAKE SMALL CHILDREN TO HIM!!!  He is a very nice doctor but I do not think he is best for infants and toddlers!  Two years and up sure, but not babies! 	5	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
97	-1	This doctor fired me.  I went in with an incredible sore throat and asked him about strep throat.  He treated me for the flu, so when I found out my children had strep throat I called and questioned them about why I wasn't checked for strep throat and if the medicine he gave me would be ok for strep throat as well.  He got all mad and pretty much fired me. They also charge for any prescriptions that need to be called in even on refills. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
97	1	Dr. Cheatham is an amazing doctor.  After three different pediatricians, I finally took my 4 month old son, Ethan, to Dr. Cheatham.  I have never felt so comfortable with a doctor.  He is the best doctor I have ever been to in my life.  He is now the doctor for my entire family.  Dr. Cheatham will sit and talk with you for more than enough time and really makes you feel like you are his only patient and he cares so much.  I have had so many doctors just to cut me off or rush through seeing me so they can get on to another patient, but Dr. Cheatham does not do this at all.  I can not explain how wonderful of a doctor he is honestly.  If anyone is looking for a family doctor, you should go to Dr. Cheatham.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
97	-1	Did not catch the cancer I had for a year while seeing him, even though I ask about it again and again.  	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
97	1	Great doctor. Listens to problems and troubleshoots to fix them. Very knowledgeable. I have referred him many times.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
98	0	Been seeing her for several years and was somewhat pleased.  On my last two visits she was not friendly and couldn't get out the room fast enough.  I was so offended this last visit that I'm changing primary physicians...  	4	5	2	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
98	0	 	4	4	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
99	1	A google search indicated I needed to see a prosthodontist after months of dental issues. All the ones I called couldn't see me for weeks.  I finally saw one after 3 weeks who deemed our first visit a consulation &amp; then the next visit 2 weeks later would be another consulation with recommendations.  My mouth was telling me I needed something done pronto, but the dentist that did the original work seemed to just be making matters worse so I scheduled an appointment with another dentist.  At first, they said it was nothing they could do and then they said they &quot;guess they could 'try' this.  Their guessing and trying wasn't good enough so I called another prosthodontist &amp; he couldn't see me for another 4 weeks.  Finally after many nights of crying, I found the name of Dr.Cabrera; I called and they scheduled an appointment within 7 days.  He told me exactly the problem &amp; now the original dental office is gong to have a senior dentist correct it. I plan to change to this office in thefuture 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
100	0	He is rude arrogant and thatsjust the start. He does not even know what a bedside manner is! He is very offended by questions or anything of that nature you are not of his class to ask question his visits are also 100.00 more! even his nurse is rude ugly and nasty its a good thing hes old and already sucked his money fron ss meicare medicade etc.... because he is losing patients daily time for this mean arrogant ole coger to retire 	1	5	1	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
100	1	Will NOT listen to anything you as the patient or patients parent have to say.  Had my three year old child on three meds three times a day.  For which now he only takes one once a day. As other person said no bedside manner especially with children.  	3	5	3	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
100	-1	Very rude and full of himself. I was not happy with him at all and have spoke with several others who were very dissatisfied, also. When I asked about a particular supplement or lack thereof for a condition he belittled me by saying &quot;If that was the cause of the problem, don't you think we would have cured this by now&#63;&quot; Very superior attitude. And absolutely NO bedside manner.  	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
100	-1	FYI, this physician also is often a &quot;medical expert&quot; in lawsuits, testifying in defense of doctors being sued by patients 	3	3	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
