dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	Dr. Gaupp has a gentle and reassuring manner with the kids, her office staff is prompt, pleasant &amp; responsive, and she seems very knowledgeable. My boys feel very comfortable with her and I would recommend her to anyone. The primary nurse is also positive, kind &amp; thorough. The presence of the bunny &amp; rescued &quot;foster-dogs&quot; in a separate area that the kids can see post-visit (or not if they choose) is always a highlight.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
1	-1	She overcharges insurance companies, does not relate well to children, many billing companies will not work with her because of her fabricated billing.  If you question her decisions she will &quot;fire&quot; you from being her patient. 	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	Dr. Gaupp is an excellent pediatrician who listens carefully, is very knowledgeable, and has incredibly good bedside manner.  The kids always looked forward to going to her office, and we'd still be going to her if we hadn't moved out of state.  She was so good that we were willing to drive to Eagle River from Wasilla even though there were many doctors closer. She was always ontime, no long waits in the waiting room or exam room, thanks again.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	1	Our insurance was billed over $4,000 for a single office visit during which Dr. Gaupp made a report of harm to OCS.  Our insurance denied $3,200 in claims as improperly billed and Dr. Gaupp is insisting that we owe the money and threatening to send us to collections, even though she billed for almost every minute we were in her office.  I would not recommend this doctor to anyone.  	1	4	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	1	During my visit I felt that I was treated very well.I would absolutely recommend this doctor to my family and friends.  I felt this visit was a big help.Overall I would rate this visit : good. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	Our 3 year old son woke up from his nap not able to walk.  After a long visit to the emergency room and a visit to another orthopedist, we were told that he had a &quot;tumor&quot;. Well, upon looking at his x-ray, Dr. Geitz diagnosed his very rare (and not cancerous) hip disorder.  Even better, he had successfully done several of these rare operations, so we were thrilled to be able to stay in town for our son's care.  We continue to follow up, even after 4+ years, and our son is doing well with no long term effects of his disorder (so far). We understood the risks of the surgery, but felt like our child was in very capable hands. I completely trust Dr. Geitz, and would not hesitate to recommend him.  He is straightforward, knowledgeable and caring.   My son loves him, and I feel blessed to have had him work with my family 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	1	Dr. Geitz was wonderful to us. Our son had a broken wrist bone from a 4-wheeler racing injury. He was very thorough and patient with him, and was a skilled surgeon, putting him back together very well. He placed a screw in his wrist, and got him back in perfect working order. He is very intelligent, knowledgeable and a fantastic diagnostitian.  He is not the smily, joke around type, but who cares when it comes to needing a qualified and talented surgeon and physician.  Thank you Dr. Geitz for your care and dedication to your patients.   It does not go unnoticed! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:AHC
2	1	Dr.Geitz was wonderful, I had no idea what was wrong with me or  any other doctor. On my first visit he knew exactly what was wrong. I have a very rare condition &quot;blounts&quot; . He operated to the best of the ability for my age and got me on the right track to proper physicians more experienced in another state. Now Im in recovery doing great. Thank you Dr. Geitz and staff for all your help     --Kimberlyn 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
2	-1	dr. geitz is a horrible person. he put my daughter thru unessary pain for 5 months. Then we found out there was nothing wrong with her hips and he called us bad parents for getting a second opion. would never reccomond him. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	I have a-fib and have been to the ER at FMH  to be cardio-verted and this doctor has impressed me with his knowledge and his caring attitude about patients. He is an asset to their ER.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	This doctor I felt knew me from the moment he walked in the room.  It was as if he could look at me with x-ray vision and knew precisely what was going on.  I have never felt so close to a physician before. He is uncannily good. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	Dr. Gray was able to make me understand what was happening to my heart and what were the possible fixes.  After the stent was placed, she explained in detail what she found and how the blockage was removed.   She spent enough time to clearly explain the test results (blood, ultrasound, EKG) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
4	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	-1	 	2	1	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	Dr. Garcia is very knowlegible and goes the extra mile to explain your condition and find out what is wrong.  She has an excellent bed side manner and actually cares about her patients.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	Wonderful, thorough dentist and a kind, caring person. He's meticulous with his work, his staff is awesome, and he is funny and treats you like an equal. I would highly recommend him to anyone... my whole family, including my local extended family, has used him for everything from exams to tooth implants and we have never had a single issue with him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	1	This man is the preeminent physician in Fairbanks. I don't believe he is accepting new patients, and he is quite expensive if your insurance doesn't cover him, but he is worth every penny. His breadth and depth of knowledge is consummate -- there's simply no other physician matching him in town. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	Awesome staff, beautiful office and painless dentistry 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	Dr. Gregorin II, did several crowns for that are me that are beautiful, my bite feels great and it's awesome to be able to chew on my back teeth again. I would reccomend him to anybody.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	1	. very helpful, sympathetic, knows her medication too 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	1	You have to send the bill to insurance. She is very sharp, smart and extremely helpful. She will work with any therapist you  have that you want to keep, and check all your meds for all docs to make sure you aren't taking wrong things. Also likes holistic medicine and is results oriented. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	Compassionate, thorough care.  spends alot of time helping patients to understand difficult complex disease problems.  Staff is very helpful. Very supportive of coordinating care for multiple medical problems.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
13	1	Dr. Gilson is a wonderful physician. He is kind, courteous, and has a great bedside manner. He's one of the best docs at Alaska Native. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	I had a total mouth reconstruction with BioEsthetic Dentist Bill Gerace. Dr. Gerace is a supreme perfectionist, and that is just what you want when you have this much work done! According to their website, &lt;http://www.bioesthetics.com/home.html&gt;; “Bioesthetics is the study of the human chewing system in its natural form and function.” The work included moving my jaw slowly over a period of months back to where it should have been. Even though I took excellent care of my teeth, they were worn down, cracked, and there were numerous other problems with them. In short, they were not going to last my lifetime. I consider it to be a better investment than most I’ve made! And, after spending countless hours in Dr. Gerace's chair, I can state unequivocally that when I look in the mirror, I can see that it was well worth the effort.  When people say, &quot;Hey, you look great, what did you do, lose weight&#63;&quot; Sometimes I'm happy to share my experience, other times I just smile and say, &quot;Maybe!&quot; 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	-1	Dr. Godersky was not my primary surgeon but came to check on me after my spinal fusion of L1-L3 following a traumatic accident. I asked some basic questions about what had been done during surgery and he was arrogant, insulting and rudely uninformative. He left me in tears. I cannot imagine having him as my primary care physician, regardless of his skill level. I checked '3' on all the other questions as I cannot speak either positively or negatively about them but am required to provide a rating.  	3	3	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	-1	And Dr. Wayne Cissel.. stand up guy, unfriended me and blocked me from FB IMMEDIATELY when I told him I WILL not recommend him...  Oooh, and what did the question of me being single come from&#63; Once he found out the answer (not single) his attitude sure showed.... your practice shouldn't be associated with your dating...  No wonder you lost &quot;Chiropractic Licence&quot; in a few states now huh&#63; 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
17	1	Visit was very thorough and informative. He spoke in terms I could understand and explained my shoulder problem in detail. I had many questions, all were answered. His staff are outstanding and experts in insurance billing. As the only shoulder expert in our state, I was very happy with my visit with Dr. Gieringer and will be having surgery in the future. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	Dr and staff was very competant and caring. They went out of their way to be helpful to their patient. Dr. was familiar with patient's chart when he walked in for the first appointment. Talked to other Dr.s about problems patient was having that were not his specialty. Tries to take care of the whole patient. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	awesome caring doctor.  I have had 2 surgeries and he has been wonderful. Love his office staff too. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	Best damn surgeon in Anchorage. My husband and I had four combined surgeries and each one was a resounding success.  Thank you, thank you.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
19	1	Dr. Gitomer is the most knowledgeable doctor I have ever dealt with.  I would recommend him without reservation.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
19	1	. Dude has been awesome over the years of my kidney failure! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
20	1	The best Doctor I have ever dealt with!  Kind, Respectful, Caring and an absolute Genius!!! His staff is also on the ball, in particular...Martina!  I would recommend this Dr.Alan Gross to anyone !!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	A very compassionate and caring Doctor 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	-1	This doctor was friendly, and asked a lot of questions, but ultimately was completely unhelpful.  She admitted she didn't understand how certain body processes work, and instead of looking into it, she just described how she handles those problems.  How can you diagnose and treat a problem that you not only don't understand, but that you won't look into further&#63;  The information she based her diagnosis (or, rather, non-diagnosis) on was old outdated information.  Upon looking into the issue further myself the information she did give me was completely backwards, and outdated. 	4	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	very kind, didn't treat me like i was an idiot. answered all my questions.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	Great at answering my questions. Very gentle and nice. Brings up other treatments including nutrition. Really recommend her.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	Dr. Gilburn is very helpful in answering your questions and she is very nice. She delivered my second baby and I had a very good experience. 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	Dr. Gale was so kind to me. She explained my condition in a way that made sense to me. And the treatment play worked great!! I was very pleased. She was also very happy whenever she was at work and she really likes what she does. I hope she practices for many years to come 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	One of the nicest smartest internests I've ever seen. Unfortunately, she now works for the VA so civilians can no longer see her....a great loss for us...but the Veterans deserve a wonderful physician like her. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	Dr. Gale is without a doubt one of the most caring and supportive doctors I have ever known. She cared for me for a number of years and without her support I don't think I could have made it through the long and frustrating process that finally ended in a pretty serious diagnosis for me. Throughout that time, Dr. Gale was the *only* doctor who listened to me and believed me when I told her that something was wrong. Other doctors insisted that I was just imagining it all. They were wrong. Because Dr. Gale went out of her way to be supportive, I was able to hang in long enough to finally get a correct diagnosis (multiple sclerosis) and go on treatment. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend her to anyone. I no longer live in Alaska, but if I did she would be the doctor I would see. Dr. Gale, if you ever read this, know that you had a patient who thanks you very much for all you did.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	-1	I had an awful experience with Dr. Grimberg! Would never recommend this doctor to anybody! 	5	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	Dr. Grimberg is a very intelligent physician and she won my confidence in her. The medication she prescribed is working much better than my old doctor's recommendation. Better still, she challenged me to change my eating and exercise habits and I accepted the challenge.  She has a lot of insight into human nature as well as her medical skills.  I think I'll continue to see her despite the fact that I live in Soldotna.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
25	1	Dr. Grimberg is the most thourough Doctor I have ever visited. She is friendly and completly goes over the case records and history with each visit. I have complete confidence and faith in her care. I trust her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	Absolutely superb internal medicine specialist.  In 2004 I developed life-threatening ailment -- Dr. Grimberg correctly identified the problem, she helped me get into Mayo Clinic for treatment, and she followed up to the highest possible level.  I'm alive because of her.  	 5/25/08	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	Dr. Grimberg is extremely knowledgeable and really tries to improve her patients' overall health--she doesn't just treat a particular ailment and ignore the patient as a whole person.  She currently is helping me get off some disagreeable medicines I thought I would have to take for the rest of my life.  I'd trust her with my life!  Peg Mentele 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	-1	Struck+run over by a 5500lb@30mph. Numerous blood clots in my abdomen, which work down into the anal canal over time. Dr George said come right in, because it's an emergency. Treated fairly immediately. 1st, extremely painful injections into the anal canal (why not opium or cocaine suppositories&#63;&#63;&#63;). Screamed a little, told I was a baby. Outrageous. Wait ... Came back+tapped around with knife for pain. Yup. More shots, cried out in agony again. Total Torture, Completely Unnecessary, Medieval Ages&#63; Wait ... Came back + tapped.  OK, ready.  Removes 7 raisin size blood clots.  Also cut into the anal wall, causing anal prolapse.  Says it's just a little thing, no concern.  No clot count in the medical record, no record of causing the prolapse, no follow-up scheduled. Called another doctor for more clots later. Works for Dr George, treated with utter hostility by office staff.  Filed this report after she turned off my account at vitals.com.  Must live w/anus hanging out my ass now. Beware. 	1	3	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	I was very happy with the service I received here.  The Doctor was quick and efficient and the office staff was friendly.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
26	1	Dr. George knows her crap!  No pun intended though she is a rectal surgeon.  No a-holes at this office. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	-1	This dr. failed to diagnose me with c. diff when I presented with diarrhea and fissures, instead blaming my symptoms on a previous bariatric surgery. I told her diarrhea was new, not related to bariatrics. Told me only choice was sphincterectomy or surgery reversal. Months later I was bleeding and shaking in pain, my husband took me to ER & requested a test for c. diff & toradol. ER called George(she is the only specialist in town) she told ER dr. my case was chronic & ER treatment was inappropriate. ER dr then refused to take a stool sample! My husband fought with them and they relented, took the sample, gave me toradol & told us I was being noted as a drug seeker. (Toradol is a non-narcotic NSAID!) Before we could make it back to where we were staying the nurse called on the cell confirming c. diff & asked which pharmacy to call a script into.  Hmmm.  Now I have crohn's and two separate GIs have said it is due to the extended c. diff infection.  Lousy ability to listen to patients. 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	June Georege is one of the best surgeons out there, she was very patient and she had excellent bedside manner. I would highly recommend her if you are in need of a colorectal surgeon.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
26	1	Excellent doctor 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	I was very close to death, she saved my life. She explained situation to my relatives in caring manner and answred quetions .  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
26	1	She is a very knowledgable doctor. I would reccomend her to anyone needing a colon resection. She is friendly and I felt very comfortable in her care.  		3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	-1	Office staff unable to do their job decently... 		1	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	Wonderful Person!!! Please retire.  		1	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	-1	Maybe good doctor but lousy staff. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	Flight pysical!  Always very professional!  Thank you. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	spends considerle time discussing ones medical situation with much compassion,knowledge,patience and humor.  Excellent doctor and human being!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
28	-1	Does not seem to care one bit about the patient. Seems annoyed that you are there, and tries to get out of the room asap. Won't call you back about tests ordered, and you have to constantly pester them to get any information back. The only thing positive is seems knowledgeable. 	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
28	-1	This DR. need to be cchecked out by the State of Alaska, as he is a disgrace to his profession if yu call is that where did he get his license did he buy it in his native country. he need to be checked out. He is very cold to his patient and very rude. the spine clinic need to do soomething about this, opps I forgot he brings them money that is not earned in a ethical way but by lying on his report with his ramblings, very unprofessional. Alaska Patient need to stay away from the Spine clinic 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Workers Comp
28	-1	I dont know if he is knowledgable. However, he does not take well to criticism. I have been denied treatment by Ak. Spine Institute after speaking my mind about this guy. That is a shame. Were I he, I would want to know my downfalls. He was very late to my appts.. I have waited in the exam room for an hour twice only to see him come running in with his ooat on. It is very painful for me to sit. I had not one but two painful ENG tests from him. The first showed nothing and the second showed nothing. He was rough and did nothing to cleanse the painful entry sites. He is one of my former docs. who missed my MS and missed the possiblity I had t-spine problems. He did not find my shoulder issues either. I wonder if my MS would not have caused so much damage if he had caught it. 	3	1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	Great Dr. for years I had many female issues and no one listened to me or my many symptoms.  She listened and she healed me. A kind soul, great surgeon a true healer. Who also has a sense of humor.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
29	1	She is the greatest. Is always very through. Takes time to listen. In my opinion one of the top rated doctors in Alaska. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	Dr. Gohring is wonderful! I had an extremely difficult and high risk pregnancy and she took excellent care of me. She was warm and understanding but told it like it is. She made sure my baby was born healthy and strong. I am beyond grateful to her and her wonderful staff. She is the best!! Monica M.  Looney 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
29	1	. easily the best gyno in Alaska, friendly kind doctor and staff, will have you laughing from the time you arrive until you leave, very thorough, listens and explains in easily understood terms, nice clean friendly office at the Alaska Womens Health Center, she is also the new Chief of Staff at Providence Hospital 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
30	1	I was dx'd with terminal cancer in 1995 and without his support and care Ive no doubt I would not be here today.  He even agreed to provide my chemo treatment while working with Stanford's experimental protocol.  I left Alaska in 2000 and had no idea he had passed away :(  Bless you Dr. Gerster! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
30	-1	I would be dead if I hadn't gotten his diagnosis of my biopsy result as, quote, &quot;Slam-dunk benign!&quot;.  He should have referred me to a specialist rather than trying to interpret something he wasn't qualified to deal with.  Fantastic office staff, though.  	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
30	1	Really liked him.  He took me seriously.  Unfortunately, he's now deceased.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
30	-1	Hands down the worst doctor I have ever seen. Missed my mothers heart condition and my fathers cancer. I cannot beleive this man still has a license to pratice. He should be shut down. 	5	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	Very knowledgeable and understanding. Doctor for 20 years. Moved out of state. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
