dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	-1	Prescribing a regulated drug incorrectly not knowing how to administer the drug should not be taken for more than 5 days and it is reccomended that you get a shot to start the drug, the pharmacist caught the mistake. I would not trust a doctor that does not know how to administer medication that can harm you if taken wrong.  Thank goodness for the pharmacist!  I have the medicaion but should have recieved a shot to start with before I take it I will have to go back to the clinic and see if they will give me a shot. This dr told me she would referr me to a specialist at ANMC and she has not. I am transferring away from Southcentral Foundation Primary Care Provider to Anchorage ANMC and requesting a Primary Care Provider Dr. there and Better Care and service. I did like this Dr.  But I am very cautious about taking medication to start with.  	5	5	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
2	-1	Hands down the worst experience at any Dr.'s office! I showed up 20 mins early for my appointment. When I went to check in, they didn't even know who I was or that I had an appt! We sat in the waiting room for 45mins before they called me into a room where I sat for 30mins! The entire experience was completely ridiculous! The receptionist was incapable of even making an appointment, let alone offering good customer service. I am beyond disappointed through this experience. They never followed through with any of the things they said that they were going to. I have NEVER been so utterly disgusted with a service that I've received. In this case, lack of service! Terrible service, lack of care for their patients and complete disregard for how valuable your time is. You will be wishing you never stepped foot into this place, as I am today.  Save yourself a lot of time and money and go anywhere else but here! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
2	1	Dr. Thomas Fenger provided me with excellent information, treatment and expertise.  His manner was professional and pleasant, and he was thorough from start to finish.                              Dr. Fenger gave me an excellent recommendation when he believed the next step of treatment would be better serviced by someone with greater expertise relative to plastic surgery.  I did not know Dr Fenger prior to my seeing him for the treatment I am referencing.  I found his secretary/receptionist (I apologize if the title is incorrect) to be helpful, pleasant and efficient with every phone call and every visit.  It has been over a year since I have seen Dr. Fenger; the cancer was removed from my face and I have had no recurrence.  The area that was lumpy and purple/red, is as smooth as the rest of my face.  All in all the experience for the medical treatment I needed was the best, and based on that experience I highly recommend Dr. Thomas Fenger. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	-1	I made an appointment with this guy (who uses his academic PhD to add the 'Dr.' to his PA credentials) because he was closer than Anchorage.  I have absolutely nothing against PAs, but to be stand alone is fishy to me. Especially given his lack of medical skills, customer service, and inappropriateness.  He asked me 3 times if I was married, insinuated that my husband would be happier with me without the age spots (not the item I was seeking treatment for), never did a skin check, simply glanced at my shoulder, said he couldn't see anything, but I should have my husband give me a massage (for a highly painful lesion).  He also recommended I highlight my hair, and other non-dermatology issues, and wanted to schedule me for first one-week and then two-week later appointment, for burning off 'age spots' even though I told him I wasn't concerned with cosmetics, I was concerned with cancer.      Don't go to this creep.  He will also imply he is in-network, when HE IS NOT...a $372 lesson.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	-1	First of all, I believe that Fenger is a PA, not a physician. I was referred by my rheumatologist for some biopsies. Wrong treatment was given, incorrect diagnosis. Office staff billed Blue Cross using incorrect CPT and modifier codes, so BC rejectd 2 claims, requesting corrected coding and re-billing. They did not comply and now they are taking me to small claims court. I paid my co-pay at the time of service and they did not do their due diligence, so I am ready to meet 'em in court. THIS OUTFIT IS A JOKE. Drive the extra 10 10 miles and find a REAL dermatologist in Anchorage.  	3	3	3	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	1	I saw this doctor for a skin issue I have had for over a year. I had seen 3 other doctors for this problem and none of them helped much. I was amazed the treatment received by this doctor cleared my skin within days. I was very impressed and wished the other doctors could have done this for me.  When in need, I WILL go back ! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	-1	I have been going to his office for about 6 mos.  and my skin has not improved at all, it actually got worse.  I told the doc several times that I was allergic to a topical creme.  He gave me a prescription twice, that had this ingredient in it.  The cost of the prescription was expensive, and I could not use the product.  I found that he was not at all informed on acne treatments.  Also, I had been paying my bill in increments but he still sent me a letter saying that they had been trying to contact me and were now sending me to collections.  At the time I was still a regularly visiting patient; which I will no longer be.  I found this to be horrible customer service and a horrible way to treat a regular patient.  I would not recommend this dermatologist to anybody. 	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
2	0	My insurance did not pay all of his fees.  Instead of contacting me, his office turned my account over to a collections agency.  I paid immediately when agency contacted me, but feel the customer service is very poor. A simple telephone call would have helped.  Doctor dismissed me for anymore procedures that I now attribute to maxing out my insurance.  I was not even given the option to pay cash for additional skin treatments.  I will not go back.  	1	5	1	4 	Insurance:Aetna
2	1	This doctor is awesome.  I was going to a different dermatologist for about a year then went to Meadow Creek and everything was cleared in less than a week. 	3	2	5	3 	Insurance:Unknown
2	-1	I have been seeing this Dr. for over a year.  I do have insurance which has covered the majority of the bill.  Every time I go into see him he asks me what I am seeing him for.  This really surprises me.  You would think that it would be in my file or that after a year he might have some type of idea why I am there.   His office has always billed both my primary and secondary insurance but as of today he said that he has never done that.  I thought maybe I was mistaken so, I came home and double checked with my husband.  My husband confirmed the fact that his office has always billed both, for him as well.   In the year that I have been seeing him he has gone through at least 6 office assistants.  No wonder there is confusion about billing.  I am in search of a new dermatologist! 	1	5	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
2	-1	Very unhappy with visit. Went in for a skin check only checked my arms and back. Also, staff never mentioned they didn't take insurance until after I saw the doctor.  		5	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	Dr. Foote has gone above &amp; beyond in his care for my child, he is always willing to listen, help and is careful not to rush things unless it's needed. He is definatly #1 in my book. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	. he is really good with my son and I love how he gives you the straight facts 	3	4	4	5 	Insurance:Medicare
3	1	Dr. Foote is amazing.  He listens to the parent and values their opinion.  He knows his field and has many contacts if there is a problem he isn't familiar with.  BUT... The medical staff in the TVC office are terrible.  If Dr. Foote wasn't so good with my child I would have found another doctor.  If I call the nurses help line they are rude and rushed.  They do not listen, relay messages, or have good attitudes.  The bottom line is that I feel Dr. Foote is worth the abuse of the nursing staff.  	1	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	Dr. Foote is FANTASTIC! I consider him to be the BEST Dr. my 4 children have ever seen.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	He is not my normal doctor, but he was present for the birth of both of my children and have seen them a few times when our normal family doctor isn't available.  I've always been very impressed with him.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	0	 	5	5	4	2 	Insurance:Unknown
4	0	things are a little disjointed-left hand doesn't seem to know what the right hand is doing. Front desk not friendly &amp;  doesn't have knowledge of procedures.  N.P. seems good as well as plebotomists.  not good at returning messages.  	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Aetna
4	1	My experience with this office is very different that those comments below.  I have always found Dr. Fischer compassionate, patient and knowledgeable about many more things that most family doctors.  He has a very stable, friendly and helpful staff who are on top of providing excellent patient care.   This is an excellent office! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	-1	Dr. Fischer would not supply my medical records to my new doctor.  He did not return phone calls in a timely manner.  His staff lost THREE urine samples & sent in the wrong samples.  His reception staff is not friendly. 	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
4	0	after too many months of being told that my daughter's head shape was from birth and would adjust and not being satisfied with that explanation, i went to antoher doctor who listend to me, referred me to a specialist, and two weeks later was beng sent to  Seattle for unicoronalcranialsynostosis surgery repair.  she could have been seriously brain damaged 	4	4	4	1 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	Dr.Farr is an excellent physican.  She is personable and proactive.  She takes enough time with her patients to properly address their health and their concerns.  She is open to ideas and to trying varied approaches.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	Dr Farr is an amazing doc. She is very knowledgeable about current medical literature and practice guidelines. She is both caring and professional in her interactions. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	Wonderful Dr!  If it takes awhile to get in to see her she is well worth the time. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	Definitely cares about the patient as a person.  I recommend her to others.  As far as punctuality is concerned, follow the advice of other sources and seek an early morning appointment before other patients; she takes her time with every patient. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	The best dentist and staff around. I couldn't have asked for better treatment from a dentist. I went in as an emergency but now Dr. Feldman is my regular dentist.  He and his staff really care about the patients.  Also on the plus side, the care is gentle and pain free!  How can a patient ask for more than that&#63; 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	You can tell that the office is very busy and I sometimes had to wait longer than I appreciated but I always asked for appointments at the end of the day due to my work schedule and the staff always fit me when needed. I used Accutane for about 6 months and had some negative side effects but I have not had a breakout for over 6 months -- she said that if I could get through the accutane the results should last forever so I pushed through the peeling, dry skin and now had great normal skin and no breakouts (I used to have incredibly oily skin and breakouts all over my jaw line and blackheads on my nose). She can be rushed in her appointments and I could tell she wouldn't have divulged much information if I had not asked so have your questions prepared and she will answer them! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	0	I worked for Dr. Fortson years ago. She is a brilliant physician, but horrible with people. She knows her stuff inside and out, but barely gives you the time of day. She seems mad at the world, and blames everyone else for everything. She goes through nurses and admin like yesterday's shoes. At the time I left, the longest a nurse had ever stayed was a little over 2 years (I've had some Dr's with the same nurse for 10+ years....it says a lot about that person!). She is cold, pretty much ignores patients, instead addressing her comments or questions or dictation to her nurses. She is definitely there for the money, as the number of cosmetic procedures (what REALLY pays) have continued to rise! HOWEVER...as a physician-ignoring the bad bedside manner and rudeness to both patient and her staff-she is brilliant! Probably the most knowledgable dermatologist in the state. Too bad she can't be the whole package! 	3	1	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	This doctor really knows her stuff. My skin loves the great treatment that it received. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	-1	I went to see Dr.Fortson for skincare, specifically to get a retinol A prescription and have a spot on my back checked. I was brought into the exam room and talked with a nurse. Then I waited and waited and the doctor came in. Dr.Fortson has a cold impersonal demeanor she explained what the spot on my back was, all she checked was that spot nothing more. I told her I would like a script for Retinol A and she told me I should get a skin lighten also. I figured if I was using Retinol A what is the point of a skin lightener&#63; After the brief impersonal encounter she was gone. Then I got the hard sell on the facial products. They brought a tray of Retinol A cream mixes that they sell along with sunscreens,etc. I felt very pressured to purchase what they were presenting and then I started to get angry that I was getting the hard sell. I finally just told them all I wanted was Retinol A. The whole experience was lame and I won't go back! 	3	1	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	she was a very personable doctor. i don't know what the other review are about. I like how she gives you tea while you wait. I had mild to severe acne and she gave me a pill (a little expensive) but it was worth the price. it cleared my skin instantly.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	-1	I concur with all of the comments that have been left. I waited 30 min. for my appointment. Waited another 30 for the doctor to come in. She spent a total of 10 minutes with me and was leaving as I was still trying to ask questions. The nurse told me she only takes 15 minutes for her appointments. To top it all off I had to come up with $110.00 because she doesn't bill insurance. They never told me this when I made the appointment. Other people have said the same thing about their visit. The only good thing about my visit was the nurse was excelent. Don't go to her. Find another doctor. 	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
7	-1	Not caring about patients health issues. All they are about is pushing their beauty products and cosmetic procedures. 	2	3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
7	0	Doc is very impersonal and distant.  During and after the exam you feel like ‘what the hell just happened here&#63;’  Don’t recommend this Doc whatsoever; you’ll regret it.  	1	3	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	0	Very unpleasant visit. Doctor is not a very friendly.  Will never go back 	1	5	1	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	-1	I went to Dr. Fortson hoping to get some help for my acne. After being shown into an exam room and instructed to put on a gown, I was seen by a nurse who asked me basic questions. A little later I was seen by another nurse, who began the examination. I had been in the exam room for about an hour when Dr. Fortson finally came in, accompanied by BOTH nurses. Dr. Fortson barely said a word to me, instead directing most questions and comments to her aides. After about 10 minutes she ordered several prescriptions written up for me from one of the nurses (again barely speaking to me) and then left. The first nurse explained the use of the topical medications to me. I was supposed to go back after 3 months but didn't, and decided not to take the prescriptions, as they were outrageously expensive (and Dr. Fortson had specifically ordered name-brands). I'm glad I didn't take the prescriptions as I only later found out the extreme side-effects they can have. Terrible experience overall. 		1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	I am from out of town and she has always fit me in to her schedule when I'm in Anchorage and addressed my concerns in a most helpful manner. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	Switched to Dr. Foland last year.  Very satisfied.  Organization of office is cumbersome and needs tech on all fronts - records, appts, prescriptions, 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	My sisters and I have all been long time patients of Dr. Foland.  She is very compasionate and takes the time you need to answer your questions. When one of my sisters was diagnosed with kidney cancer, Dr. Foland helped us in understanding the diagnosis and she called regularly to follow up with my sister. I would recommend Dr. Foland to anyone that needs a great family physician. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	Been with her for years and have no complaints. Very nice, listens better than most doctors. 		3	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	Kind and good to work with. Since Primary Care took over, her time is clocked and she isn't able to give you the time you might need. You can't call the office and talk to her or her nurse. The new company wants you to come in for every little thing. They also want you to tell the front desk, when you make the appointment, everything that you want to talk to her about so that they can decide how much time you need. I like her a lot and would follow her if she went somewhere else. I've never had her order any more tests then what is truly needed. 		3	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	She is always running behind however she makes up for it in her bedside manner. She's a really sweet lady. My only problem is that when one little thing is wrong she orders lots of tests which are seemingly unnecessary and very expensive. She knows a lot about what she's talking about and is generally helpful and kind. 		1	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
8	0	Very nice, caring lady. She knows a little bit about everything, but not enough to be effective. Her CYA strategy to medicine makes her give a tremendous number of referrals and she orders every test driving YOUR medical expenses way up. All the doctors in this practice have VERY LITTLE time to spend with patients. OK to go there when you have a sniffle, but not for &quot;real&quot; medical attention. 		1	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
8	-1	touchy feely doctor, makes you feel good, but does not make a good diagnosis. told me I had a stressful job actuallly, I had gallbladder trouble. No testing at all. pats you on back, smiles a lot. ineffectual. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	Has his own office so he can spend the time he needs with his patients. Very kind as well.  	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	1	This doctor is helping with miserable migraines i have been suffering with for 18 years, he is very attentive and wants to help you and will diligently work on your case to resolve your issues. He just signed a 4 year contract with Andrew Isaac Health Clinic, he will be a huge asset to the team there. 	 12/15/06		5	5	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	Retired physician, vietnam veteran and purple heart recipent.  Hope he enjoys his retirement, he deserves it.  Dr. Foody is a good man who has served his country well. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	-1	When I came to her I was only 20 and was pregnant as ll as a Diabetic. She made me feel like the worst person in the world because I had a problem maintaining my sugars they were always to high or way to low and never even. She treated me as if I was stupid. I later got an abnormal pap smear and when doing a check up made me feel like a **** even though I have only been with 2 men. She has horrible bedside manner. She also made me feel as if I should never have children again. She didn't inform me of the side affects of the IUD she recommended which was the worst 2 years I have ever had with birth control.  She pushes things and doesn't listen to how you feel about them.  	3	5	1	2 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
12	-1	Was NOT a fan of this Dr. She is csection happy, and never gave me a chance to TRY for a vaginal birth. She is cold, and had little bed side manner. I do NOT recommend her to ANYONE. 	1	3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	As it is a group practice during pregnancy you see all of the midwives/drs. She was very knowledgeable and helpful for my regular and emergency visits. I wish I had switched to her entirely.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	-1	This guy is frightening.  If you want someone to just take control of your kids and leave you out of the decision making process, you may like him. 	5	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
14	-1	He is a horrible neurologist; has not read anything new since he got his license. I have had 2 EMG's from him and BOTH times he wrote down the wrong leg! The only decent thing he had to say about me as a patient and human was I was &quot;consistent&quot; with my ODD symptoms. Get a life! 	1	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
14	-1	He was unknowlegible about MS and blew me off as an anxiety case. He told me that what I described to him was physically impossible to happen, that the body wasn't &quot;hardwired that way&quot;.  		2	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	1	Excellent doctor 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	-1	. I've never had someone make me feel so bad! Worst medical experience ever :( 	3	4	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	-1	Very disappointed with this dr. I went for a Colposcopy after having an abnormal pap smear at the public health clinic. He was inappropriate in how he asked sexual questions and horrible bedside manner. I will NEVER recommend ANYONE to Dr. Fitzgerald. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
16	-1	Extremely unprofessional, should not be in this line of work. Borderline unethical behavior during exam. Still debating if he's just on a power trip or truly needs to be reported. Took much longer than was necessary and was rough. Would not recommend for anyone, especially someone with a history of sexual assault or someone young.  	3	5	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
16	-1	this doctor was very rude to me I went in when me and my partner where trying to conceive.  He told me I was too fat to have a baby and i never would get pregnant if i stayed this fat! and my paps where horrible it felt like he was doing it to have fun and it took forever 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
16	-1	This was the worst doctor I have ever been to.  I would never go back under any circumstances.  I saw him because I needed ovarian surgery.  He was mean, disrespectful, and arrogant.  He was unprofessional as he asked me to raise my shirt in front of several other people in the room to palpate a problem area of my breast, rather than wait to do it until I was in the appropriate gown.  He insulted my intelligence regarding medications I am on and have been on for many years.  He also is not the most knowledgeable gynecologist in the valley; his plan was to remove my ovary without attempting to save it through laparoscopic surgery, but later a different doctor saved my entire ovary and did it in a day surgery that required no hospital stay.  It is hard to put in to words how I felt after a pap smear from Fitzgerald, but I felt horribly violated afterwards, even though other male gynecologists have never made me feel so bad.  Needless to say, I never saw this doctor a second time.  	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
17	-1	awful bedside manor. poor customer service, did not care to even talk to and listen to my health issues. would not even go to this doctor if i was dying or lost a limb. she was a very unpleasant person to deal with 	2	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	Due to medical issues, I have had four surgeries with Dr. Floechinger.  It has been a long road and he has been outsanding as my doctor and a human being. 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	I needed gallbladder surgery and the doctor saw me and did my surgery in the same week! Very satisfied with his office and care. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	0	Dr. performed surgery and was supposed to provide info re: immediate follow up with oncology team.  No follow up was done.  Patient had to coordinate his own team to get immediate attention as recommended.  Dr.  and staff were unhelpful with the process! 	2	4	1	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	-1	Dr. did not have test results when appointment was set to review them.  Did not get them either.  Knew what was needed.  Set surgery date 6 weeks from appointment, even when patient said that they needed nutition help to make it to surgery date.  No nutrition help given.  Seemed unconcerned about patient's health as a whole. 	1	3	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
