dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	Absolutely incredible. Did a fantastic job of asesing my wife's cancer and determining treatment. Was very straightforward in discussions with us, didn't sugar coat a bad diognosis but was very caring.  	5	5	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Tricare
2	1	Dr. Artwohl explained everything very well and did a great job on my vein ablation.  His entire staff is very knowledgeable and kind, also.   Highly recommend!! 	5	5	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Providence
2	0	He may be a good surgeon and his staff nice but his bedside manner was deplorable. I don't need warm fuzzies from a doctor but I expect to be treated with respect when I ask for information during treatment. I had a prodedure that was paid for with a combination of Health Insurance and out of pocket.  	5	5	1	4&nbsp;	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	1	I recently had a vein ablation in both legs.  I am an RN.  I thought his staff was great at every turn.  He did what he was supposed to do for me, which was fix my veins, and I have been very happy with the results.  He's also been fine with establishing a plan for payment and for that I have been grateful.  He doesn't have the most warm and fuzzy bedside manner I've ever seen, but I don't care about that as long as he knows what he is doing and does it well.  His staff more than make up for his occasional aloofness.  	5	5	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	1	Helpful and efficient...answered questions for a couple months, before I decided but exerted no pressure. I would have liked a little more written information at the first visit.  	5	5	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Aetna
2	-1	Extremely knife happy doctor. Get a second opinion! 	1	3	1	1&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
2	-1	did not follow up with patient after surgery.  	1	1	1	2&nbsp;	Insurance:Aetna
2	-1	Dr. Artwohl does not heal, he operates. He is a &quot;S-U-R-G-E-O-N&quot;. And don't you forget it. 		2	3	1&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	Dr. Arnold is wonderful but staff and adjoining eyeglass facility is terrible.  They all act as though you are wasting their time.  Our son has numerous medical, behavioral and developmental issues and it is so difficult to get him to an appointment as it is.  They have no compassion and unlike all the other clinics I have to take my child to, do not provide follow-up calls or appointnment reminders (I realize remembering appointments is our responsibility, and have never missed one, but it just another example of their terrible customer service).  Onr downsize with Arnold is the amount of time you sometimes have to wait for an appointment.  We sometimes have not seen him for over an hour after our appointment time.  	1	1	4	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
3	1	Dr. Arnold's care was excellent. The same cannot be said for the office staff. We were quoted incorrectly for the cost of my son's strabismus surgery, prior to the procedure. We decided to proceed with the surgery on the basis of that quote. Had we known that the actual price was twice that, we mayhave at least considered other treatment options or pursued a second opinion before agreeing to the procedure. At least we would have had that option. Since we discovered their error, we brought it up and attempted to correct it. The first time we were blown off, and ever since then we struggle to even receive a followup call from the office staff. The right person is never there so we have left message after message. Finally, two and a half months later, we connected with Gina. She admits the error but refuses to reverse our portion of the charges. She promised another call from her supervisor, which I have yet to receive. TERRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE.  	1	1	3	4&nbsp;	Insurance:United Healthcare
3	1	He's the best in AK. I was referred to him by a school nurse and was v. pleased.  	4	2	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	Dr. Arnold is my son's pediatric opthamologist.  My 3yo son has a cataract in his eye which requires checkups every 6 months at this point to monitor it, along with minor eye therapy.  We are very pleased with Dr. Arnold's course of treatment and his honesty with us.  He is not the type of doctor that rushes his patients to surgery if they do not need it.  There are several others out there that would have advised surgery when my son really did not need it at this point.  He is a specialist in pediatric amblyopia and devotes a great deal of his time to alternative treatments of this.  We would recommend him to anyone with young children needing treatment for eye problems or diseases.  He has great rapport and patience with young kids as well which makes our visits bearable for our little guy.  We do not live in the Anchorage area, yet we still travel there to see Dr. Arnold for our appointments as we believe he is the best at what he does. , 	5	4	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	-1	I've been seeing her for a year.  She is total flake, always running way behind schedule.  Bummer because she is really nice.  Just doesn't seem to know her stuff and comes across really rushed and flustered all the time.  Not the person I want to trust my health with.  	3	1	3	1&nbsp;	Insurance:HealthPartners
5	1	My son was born premature and was in the NICU for almost a month. When I asked the NICU nurses for a pediatrician recommendation they all recommended Dr. Alexander. That was almost 18 years ago. My son and I adore her and her assistant. We trust them completely and are heartbroken that we will only see them 1 more time as my son goes off to college and has to get an adult doctor! He would see Dr. Alexander forever if he could.  	4	4	4	4&nbsp;	Insurance:United Healthcare
5	1	very friendly and extremly knowledgeable.  I trust my kids health to her 100% 	5	5	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
5	1	Excellent judgement and character. She's been our family's pediatrician for over 10 years and has always attended to what was important. She expects parents to be involved, responsible and to communicate concerns. She doesn't tolerate stupidity, poor behavior on the part of parents or children and absolutely cares for our children's wellbeing. Office fees are reasonable. I highly recommend Dr. Alexander and her entire office staff.  	5	5	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	-1	This was my first try at a Dr. after moving to Anchorage.  It was a stressful time with a 2 young children and a newborn and still living in temporary housing. During our visits she was very intolerant of my other children during the appointments. (Who were being well behaved but acting like the 2 year old they were.)  Not what I expect from a PEDIATRIC or kids doctor.  I also experienced the  lack of action when things needed to be referred to a specialist. Me and my children were just part of the herd being pushed through. 	2	2	2	2&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
5	-1	Dr. Alexander is just plain rude!  I took my child there for several years, almost always seeing her.  I didn't want to switch because of new doctor fees to see someone else.  Our last appointment she attacked me saying &quot;What kind of parent are you&#63;  Your child needs to see an eye doctor.  Your child is lacking in this mile stone or that.  Mind you she had been seeing my child regularly.  Wasn't she paying attention at all of the other visits&#63; 	4	1	1	2&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
5	-1	TERRIBLE.  Kept us waiting 45 min in the exam room.  When she got in, she tried to rush.  I was sent to her with information from a specialist who wanted her to look into the specialist's concerns. She blew it off, but not before she made it clear that she really didn't know what I was talking about.  She refused to give my child a referal to a specialist (how hard is that!)  I spoke with another doctor about her and he said that she tends to be a stalwart, (i.e., doesn't like to admit that she needs to send her kids to a specialist).  I do not recommend at all. 	5	1	1	1&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	Super doctor. She knows her medicine and is great with kids.  	5	5	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	-1	Strangest doc I've ever been to. He seemed very distracted and was a little too curious about my last name (I'm Jewish).  Like the other reviewer mentioned, there is just something off about him.  	1	1	1	3&nbsp;	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	1	I've been going to Dr. Aarons for years. He's extremely quick witted and sharp. He is a little different, but different in a good way - I prefer his personality to stuffy docs. I think he's great, thorough and personable. I recommend him highly. 		5	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	Charlie explains everything to you and includes you in deciding the possible courses of action.  		4	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	1	Not only knowledgable but took the time to help me find a specialist when I needed it. He also kept in very close contact with the new doctor so they both knew all of the details of my health and could work together. 		4	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	Weird bedside manner - very knowledgeable, but works at the worst run practice i've ever seen..staff was rude, kept me waiting, and screwed up my billing, sending me a bill when I had Medicaid, and no help from nurse or dr. about this. I'd go back to the Dr, but not the clinic as it's managed so poorely..they should be ashamed of themselves! 		3	4	4&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	 	5	2	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	Dr. Arndt is a high energy very knowagable practioner with detailed knowledge and resourses. Has treated many in my family even the infants with fantastic results! Always willing to educate, offers free seminars after hours.  EXCELLENT DR.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!! 	3	4	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
8	0	Dr. Erika Arndt is very condecending and makes a person feel like they are a little child.  She spends very little time with patients per session...once I was with her for two minutes, and was charged $75.  She knows her stuff, but chases away patients by talking down to them and making them feel like they did something horrible to her.  I do not recommend her. 	4	2	2	3&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	Excellent.  She has a wealth of knowledge to help her clients.  She has given me many tools to help.   She does more than just listen!!! 	5	5	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Aetna
10	1	Great office. I have no insurance but they gave me a very fair rate and forgave the rest of the charges. 	5	5	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
11	-1	Doesn't complete the job. Leaves you wondering &quot;what do I do now&quot;. 	3	3	1	1&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
11	-1	Other 2 comments are right on. He is very full of himself and either he or his staff causes issues in getting information back. Kind of upset with my primary for sending me to him.  	3	2	1	1&nbsp;	Insurance:Aetna
12	0	He's a joke. He charged me $800.00 to &quot;assist&quot; in a surgery he didn't he even show up for. He was in his office a few blocks away just waiting for the phone call in case he was needed. One way in the OR and one way out of the OR, and no-one with me saw him that morning..hmmmmmm All he cares about now is politics. 	2	2	2	3&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	excellent 	5	5	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	Dr  Abbott is careful and conservative in his treatment.  He believes in empowering the patient to live in a manner that lessens the need for ongoing care.  He is kind and gentle. 	5	5	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	Dr. Abbott is the best Chiropractor I've ever been to, and that's a LOT. He's tender and caring and will not manipulate someone whose case he feels is too far advanced, choosing to use less invasive means. 	5	5	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
14	-1	cold as ice...horrible bedside manner 	1	1	1	1&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	He was very nice and helped me out a lot when I needed to be seen same day.  	5	5	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	-1	does not inform you of potentual harm of special surgery. 		1	1	2&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	I thought Dr. Aaron was a great surgeon. Her bedside manner was a bit harsh, but I contribute that more to being overbooked with patients than anything else. She did a wonderful job with my surgery, and I wouldn't hesitate to see her again or to trust her with my family. 	4	5	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
17	-1	Disorganized; seems insecure 		4	1	2&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	Very knowledgeable, patient and kind.  Been seeing this doctor for 15 years.  Highly recommend.  	5	4	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	-1	I went to see Dr. Armstrong in regards to a very swollen joints, informed him of my previous history of an Autoimmune disease. He did not anwser questions, address the problem & repeated every question at least four times. My initial visit lasted only 20 mins, where he wrote a prescribtion for a medicine that was complete unrelated to my condition, which he stated himself, ordered blood work that was not needed, and told me to come back in a month. Did not treat the patient, he simply went through the motions. The nurses on his floor were very rude and unhelpful as well. I was very surprise to find the departments lack of helpfulness and knowledge; being that he is the only Rheumatoid arthritis specialitist in Anchorage. If you are looking for a Doctor to find the root of your problem and not just cover up the symptoms, I recommend going elsewhere. I have been to many Doctors, none of which treated me in such a way.  	2	4	1	2&nbsp;	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	I agree with the other posts. I to believe he is a good doctor. but he puts a lot of stake in the &quot;numbers&quot; and seems to dismiss other problems or symptoms. I do not know if he is uncomfortable or what.he rarely examines you 	4	5	4	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	Dr. Abatte is a very fine man and Dr. I think he works hard to keep his patients well.  But I do wish he would also do more with out looking into the computer screen. I would like him to look and talk to me more.  Also ask more about how I am feeling not just going over the numbers. The numbers dont tell the whole picture. But above all he is a very good Dr. and we are lucky to have him and his staff.  I think they are good people who work hard and do care a lot about their patients.  	4	5	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Aetna
19	1	This is a genuinely nice man, but has some difficulty with bedside manner. He comes into the room and greets the patient briefly, then immediately sits down in front of the computer and begins searching for your info, and mumbling to himself about what he is looking for. He should focus on establishing a rapport with his patient, making eye contact, asking questions, showing interest in your illness or concerns.  Needs to read a book on emotional intelligence.  I believe he is a skilled doctor and good diagnostitian, but his personality or lack thereof gets in the way.  Hey doc, buy the book &quot;How to Win Friends and Influence People&quot;. It would be a real eye opener for you, and dramatically improve your practice. Also, please lay off the religious dogma. We've all had it up to HERE with people prostelytizing their beliefs on us. Use the computer as a tool during consults only minimally, and toward the end please. We feel ignored and shut out. Try to show interest in what we are saying.  	4	4	3	5&nbsp;	Insurance:CIGNA
