dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
7	1	commentsDr. Saprykina has been my Dr. for 5 years and delivered my 2 children. She is very knowledgeable and very friendly. I reccommendations her to everyone! 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	commentsExcellent care.would visit office again. Problems solved. Great staff. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	commentsI don't get what the previous reviewers are writing about, because I found the staff to be incredibly helpful and kind. I have had several appointments there and my recent one was to remove the cast. The nurses are really silly, smart, and lighten the mood and Dr. Sedwick is a gentleman and engaging. While I was recovering I received several phone calls from his staff asking how I was feeling and if I had any questions, which I wasn't excepting. It was a happy surprise. I have recommended Dr. Sedwick to a few family members already! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
8	0	commentsAbsolutely RUDE nurse Gloria that works there. Condescending and dismissive. Always feel horrible every time I leave the office. The Doctor is kind and understanding but needs a new nurse pronto! Thinking about switching doctors just due to her constant attitude! 	1	4	3	3	Insurance:Unknown
8	-1	 Went in with an ear problem, left with an ear problem, told I gotta live with it!!! I know there's something wrong inside...  	4	2	1	1	Insurance:Veterans Administration
8	1	commentsVery happy with my care. Great office and staff. // 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
8	-1	commentsI have never had a chance to see the doctor, because after waiting for 25 min I had left. Very rude, considering it was my very first appointment in response to his advertisement. I was also surprised when the nurse tried to take charge of my visit. I was not sick and the visit was for cosmetic reason. I guess they have not figured out yet that real patients(who need medical help) and visitors who want to &quot;to look as young as they feel&quot;(paying big bucks), require different treatment aka respect. 		1	1	3	Insurance:Unknown
10	-1	commentsHe is very rude. He talks to people as if they are beneath him. Very unfriendly doctor. 	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	 Dr. Schaab had a very nice bedside manner. He spent a lot of time explaining things. I did not need surgery, he sent me to physical therapy which really helped. I got his name from some hospital nurses who work with him in the operating room and say he is the most thorough and spends the most time with his hospital patients after surgery and has the best results. It is a small office and I did not feel like a chart number...they were both very personable. They filed my insurance and I just paid the co-pay. I would recommend to my friends and will go back if I have another problem. He won't do backs or necks though.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	-1	commentshe is the worst orthopedic doctor ive ever seen, he is a total tool who is a lackey for dr madeleine grant tap dancing to her bull. Total waste of money. What he said to me and what he put in his chart notes were two totally different things. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	 Fantastic surgeon! Listens carefully to the patient, evaluates the whole situation, and provides the best possible solution.  Can't say enough! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Assurant
16	1	commentsDr. Sahagun is a great doctor. Yes, he's busy. Yes, he has a lot of patients. But that's because he is very knowledgable and the best in the state. My OB wouldn't have sent me to someone that did not care about his patients. Any information you want, he'll give you. When you have your first appointment, he hands you numerous books and resources. Him and his staff want the best for their patients. Yes, they can be brash, but if you've ever stepped into that office, you'd understand. There are some very rude patients. People who are angry towards the people who are trying to help. If you can not be patient and grateful for the care they are providing, then by all means, move along. I have had nothing but a great experience with this office. Yes, treatment is going to suck, but if you are proactive in your health and staying ahead of the game, you will do well. That is what this staff wants from their patients; to be proactive in your care. 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
16	-1	 Do not go to this doctor. He has too many patient due to his Hep C Studies. He gets paid from the government per patient. He put me in his study without my permission. When I questioned why he had done so, he dropped me as a patient in the middle of treatments with no ref feral. I have lost all trust in doctors due to him. It was devastating, I was so very sick on the interferon treatments. He was rude and cold and more worried that I could sue him then my health. I had been his patient for over 3 years, during that time he was late 100% of the time, Lots of hours in the waiting room. But mostly I wouldn't even see him he was too busy, just his nurse who was also very rude. As for his billing. My insurance company was double and triple billed for some of my treatments. Unless I really had 3 Liver biopsies in 1 day&#63; Or 2 office visits same day. So No I don't recommend Dr. Sahagun.  	2	1	1	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	-1	 Blew through things. Did a couple of procedures and then was impossible to get a hold of for explanations.  Very disappointed and went somewhere else.  	3	3	1	1	Insurance:CIGNA
16	1	commentsA great doctor who has perhaps taken on too many patients due to his excellent knowledge and skills.  Appointments can be months out and punctuality is a problem. However, he is probably the best in Anchorage for anyone with hepatitis.  Good bedside manner and very knowledgeable about current research, medicines, etc.  Most of the staff is excellent with one or two exceptions on occasion.  He is very supportive to anyone undergoing treatment. 	4	3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
16	-1	commentsSlick talker but really is not as smart as he seems. Wish I had known he was not board certified. 	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	commentsDr. Sahagun is the greatest.  Easy to relate to. 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	.  very pleasant, kind & understanding, thorough, explains in easily understood details, blunt but respectfull, knowledgable, listens to and answers all questions, great office staff, friendly & kind personnel, always courteous on the phone, competent staff, very professional, great bedside manner, confident in his treatment and decision making skills 	5	3	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	 Excellent manner, very through, very knowlegable, highly recommend. Excellent staff.  		5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	commentsDr. Sahagun has a lot of patients, he is the best Hep C doctor in the State of Alaska and I said he was on time but usually you have to wait because he does procedures in all hospitals in town, has emergencies and runs a little late. He is definitely worth the waiting time. No matter how busy he is, he greets you warmly and chats with you and answers your questions. Absolutely #1 doctor in his field. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	 This is the best doctor I ever had. Known for being a great surgeon, great bedside manner, really listens and cares. He is the standard by which I compare other doctors.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	-1	.  time i will never forget in my life and my son is now buried 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Medicare
25	-1	comments 	1	2	1	3	Insurance:Unknown
29	-1	comments 		3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
29	-1	comments 		3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	commentsHe was extremely polite and went out his way to assist me.  He came in the middle of the night and assisted me the best he could. Great service especially considering the circumstances. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
33	-1	 He has a poor &quot;Bed-Side Manner&quot;.  Rushed me into surgery after demanding full payment up-front.  After Surgery, he announced he was going on vacation to Hawaii.  He left no one in charge, and when I had an infection in my incision, I was told to go to the emergency room.  I had to threaten him to get a copy of my pathology report.  My diagnosis was life threatening, and I was treated poorly by staff and Doctor.  He never looked at my incision afterwards.  Just wasn't interested enough.  I'll never go to him again.  	2	5	1	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$7000
39	1	 I love Dr. Schaefer! She is very caring, honest and knowledgable.  I have breast cancer and feel she helped save my life! 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
43	0	 Only talks rather than listening to patients. Very loud so you can hear him with every patient while you wait.  ONLY cares about the extensive labs he wants to do 4 times a year.  You can't get a word in with this arrogant Dr.  He will blow you off immediately. Never spends more than five minutes max. Absolutely skipped courses on bedside manner. His nurse and staff have been simply wonderful to me for years.  They get the gold star.  You better be well insured as Dr Sarrimanolis will vacuum your wallet and leave you intimidated if he can.  	4	3	2	3	Insurance:Aetna
43	-1	commentsDr. S was by far the worst doctor I have seen. He was always late, and would see patients out of order. After waiting 30 minutes past your exam time he will come in and see you. That would be ok with me if he would spend more than 2 minutes seeing you. He has horrible bedside manner and try'd to push unnecessary tests. I went elsewhere and got a second and third opinion, both of the other doctors couldn't understand why he was pursuing the test (a scope for me). They both mentioned it was probably because the scope pays a lot, but we're upset because of the unnecessary risks involved. I will certainly not recommend anyone to see this doctor. If you go expect to be treated like cattle instead of a sick patient. 	3	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	 Dr Sarrimanolis is a very knowledgable Dr, but orders a ton of bloodowork when a previous lab is slightly abnormal versus repeating the test.  He has a &quot;NURSE&quot; which is far from polite.  Chris nevers follows up on phone calls, never calls a presciption in on time and is just rude.   A nurse should care and she clearly doesnt!  His billing dept is clearly on the same page as his nurse, rude!  Lets not even talk about staff turnaround!  no wonder Sylvia McCormick left, and her patients followed, Dr Nick is going to run himself in the ground here in our small town of Fairbanks! 	3	3	4	5	Insurance:Banner Health
43	1	 Often hard to get a word in edgewise, but Nick really makes an effort, I've been pleased with his service.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	-1	commentsI'm a healthy 30 year old male, who went to Dr.Sarrimanolis for GI issues. He wanted to do a full blood work up, I asked how much it would be and he told me a few thousand dollars. He charged me $5,000 for my labs. He ordered an MRI, gastroscopy/colonoscopy all at exorbitant rates, in the name of &quot;gold standard preventive care&quot;... Its a sham folks. He's here to make as much money as possible in as short a time as possible. Once the well is dry, he'll go to another small town and bleed them. Horrible business practice and a horrible man. After finding nothing wrong after procedures, biopsies, imaging, lab work, his conclusion was stress...  My total bill well exceeds $15,000 to find out that I need a vacation. I'll have to wait a long time for that vacation now. 	2	3	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
43	-1	commentsI can't believe this guy is still taking new patients!  He doesn't have the time for the ones he has.  He is knowledgeable but he doesn't listen, talks too fast, won't answer questions, is NEVER on time, his staff is rude, he LOVES to order tests and prescribe meds (more $$ in his pocket)...it's as if you are an inconvenience to him.  I've spoken to current and former patients of his and they feel the same way.  Even other doctors make a face at the mention of Sarrimanolis' name. 	2	1	1	3	Insurance:Unknown
43	-1	 This guy is a poser. He orders way too many tests. Even at the hospital, the techs and nurses said he goes over board on tests. I had the first regimen of tests at a copay of $1500. Then a month later I got a call from his office stating I needed to have all those tests redone. I told then I simply could not afford them, and that's when I was bullied into having the tests redone. I was told that the doctor would drop me as a patient and I would not be able to get another appointment with any other internist in the state. Afraid, I had them all redone knowing I could not afford them. When my insurance company goes the new bills, they refused to pay for them because it was excessive. All total, I now owed $2700 for the hospital and $1200 for the doctor. The hospital gave me a discount so I could pay them off, but the doctor wouldn't accept anything but payment in full. He threatened to take my house, my car, etc. He won't get a dime from me.  	4	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$3900
43	-1	commentsNot very helpful and closed minded; not willing to listen to you. 	2	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
43	-1	 This doctor has a poor bedside manner. Talks fast, doesn't seem like he's really listening to you. He is right and that's that. Could not make any suggestions that he would accept. His attitude is pretty much just do what I say period. Had to let him go..  	3	2	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	-1	 This doctor &quot;fired&quot; me as his patient when I refused to have tests done that I considered unnecessary. The tests were extremely invasive as well as expensive. He tried to make me feel guilty for not wanting the tests and also tried to scare me into having them by implying that I may have a fatal illness. I was able to find a doctor that treated me and confirmed my suspicion that the test this doctor wanted to do were unnecessary. I would not recommend this doctor to anyone.  	1	3	1	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	-1	 He is a nice enough guy but he orders hundreds of unnecessary and expensive tests. I went in to see him as a new patient and ended up with more than $3000 in bills after my insurance had paid him. He has a threatening and bossy manner when you do not agree with him and I fired his ass as my doctor as soon as I got the bills, he also threatened legal action when I refused to pay for exams I did not approve. As a medical professional myself, I think a competent physician should be able to evaluate a patient with less than 3 grand worth of test.  	1	2	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$3000
43	-1	commentsPoor and very rushed patient interaction.  Far too much testing with minimal result. Was not aware of the AMAS cancer screening blood test. Seems thorough at first but did not remember patient history.  Refused continued service when excessive testing regimen was not followed with implied guilt toward patient. 	3	1	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
43	0	commentsMy only issue with Dr. Sarrimanolis is that he likes to prescribe a lot of medication, even for minor issues, and before trying other alternative methods. He also charges more than normal. A flu shot through his office is about 4 times the cost ($25 vs. $100+) of getting it at Freds or Wal-Mart when they do their annual flu shot extravaganza. 		4	3	3	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	commentsDr. Sarramanolis not only is very thorough in researching a problem, he stresses preventative medicine as well. He has an amazing mind, able to remember details about us from visit to visit. Through his efforts my family is much healthier. I like his &quot;bedside manner&quot;. It is all a matter of preference in personality I think. 		4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	 Dr. Sarrimanolis doesn't have the best bedside manner but I feel he is a very knowledgeable doctor. He found 2 ulcers that were missed by another doctor.  I don't see a doctor for their bedside manner - I want a doctor who is smart & can figure out what is wrong with me! 		4	3	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	1	commentsI've heard nothing but good things about this physician. He goes the extra mile to find what is wrong with you. 		4	4	4	Insurance:Unknown
43	-1	commentsHorrible bedside manner. Paid/Co-pay:$3000		2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	 Extremely humble, helpful, knowledgeable, and all around a great Doc.  Very easy to talk with and is very good at explaining answers to questions.  He seems to make sure all questions are answered before leaving, which is nice as said before, most Doc's always seemed in a hurry.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
45	1	 I can't speak to his medical knowledge because most of what I've used him for is routine, but Don Schneider is one of the kindest, most attentive and least arrogant doctors I've ever come into contact with. He's humble and not hurried and goes the extra mile -- this is especially apparent at Valley Medical, where the doctors are super busy and always seem in a hurry.  	5	5	5	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
63	1	 Bedside manner not appreciated by some, but he tells it like he sees it.  No BS.  Doesn't do things he doesn't feel qualified to do.  Absolutely fantastic work.  Have been to him for 4 different procedures, and have had zero complications, unlike several friends who have gone to others for the same procedures.  Nurses rate him very, very highly as no BS and no mistakes.  Very, very careful and thorough.  His follow through was extremely meticulus, making certain that I was actually healed properly before telling me that I was ready to go out in the world.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Veterans Administration
63	1	comments 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
64	-1	 I believe he became a doctor just for the money. He's thinks everybody in Wrangell is a drug addict and someday I hope he like Mccandless can actually be patients. So they know what it is like to be one. Than maybe just maybe they will actually listen. And their doctor/patient bedside manner will change and they can actually listen instead of wanting to put you on antideppresants or just saying it will go away or you need to see another doctor.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
72	-1	comments 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
73	-1	comments 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	 I like him. He is a quiet guy, but he knows his stuff and diagnosed me quickly and gave me treatment options for my TMJ. It is now much better than it was. He seemed to keep the cost low for me as well.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
73	1	commentsWe love Dr. Schurig. He has a fun sense of humor and did a great job on lots of minor surgeries. He also takes the time to call us in person when we are seen. I like that my doctor cares enough about us to do that. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
75	1	 Kindest, most patient doctor I have ever met. Relates to people extremely well, is an inspiration to many young people pursuing health professions, and is loved by all who know him.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Tricare
80	1	commentsThis doctor was the best!  Unfortunately he sold his practice and moved with his family to practice in Alaska in the fall of 2008. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	commentsDr Sastic is very friendly, patient, caring, knowledgeable and just geniunely cares about his patients, and takes the time to listen to you, and isn't just quick to make a diagnosis quickly. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	commentsThis Doctor makes dentistry seem easy. Very proficient. Excellent results. Staff makes you feel welcome. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	commentsVery pleasant, knowledgeable staff, great experience! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	.  Very kind, very helpful and the treatment worked! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$110
93	1	 The Best! I would travel TO Juneau for treatment by Dr. Schwarting!. Not easy to get an appointment with due to so many patients who won't let anyone else treat them, but definitely worth any delay. Another Dr in JBJ treated me very poorly and I demanded my care be transferred to Schwarting. He had the correct tests run, set up surgery and a 7 month prolonged pain and misery from my knee was completely removed by him. If I could give him 10 stars I would.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
96	1	 All staff members were courteous and kind. They knew exactly what they were doing, and had all information on hand. And this was before I met the doctor!! Dr Schultz is a wonderful guy. He'll chat while working, and always have a smile on his face.  I recommend him to everybody! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
97	1	commentsI love Dr. Sage Jr. and Sr.  Both are very nice knowledgeble and HONEST.  Their staff are very nice and friendly. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
97	1	 Dr. Sage Sr. is wonderful.  I came to him after terrible experiences with other DDS.  He was very patient and helped correct a improperly placed crown by my previous dentist.  He has since placed 5 more crowns for me.  I may pay a bit more, but the great dental care is worth it.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
97	1	 This is the best dentist I have ever had.  He is genuinely interested in my dental health and he and his staff pursue all the latest dental education. Very professional.   Peg Mentele 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
97	1	commentsHas provided excellent care to our family for 30 years. 		4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
97	1	commentsDr. Sage is very knowledgeable. Prices are high. He needs to give advice on dental care then respect and accept patient's right to choices. 		4	3	5	Insurance:Unknown
