dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	Dr. Crosby is very good but waiting for payment from the insurance companies is PAINFUL! He should have his office set up so that when you leave the office all of the bill is already taken care of (by 1 or both insurance companies that you use) and what you have left owing is what you alone are responsible for; otherwise it's back and forth, trying to get yur money back. Stephanie, his regular receptionist is great...but she's on maternity leave at the moment...the temps are dubious. They aren't totally helpful and I'm STILL waiting for a credit from his office. When the insurance companies pay YOUR dental bill to him and not you, there's not a fast enough turn around time to get it back to you. Apparently, according to his latest temp, is that this happens alot.  	3	4	4	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
2	1	Dr Lynn examined my wife's back after a serious fall. He eventually found she had a broken back. The hospital diagnoses was she would be OK in a few days. Dr. Carlson sent her to a specialist in Anchorage. He showed us the broken the vertebrae. We returned to Utah and went to a back surgeont here. He said her back was broken.  Dr Carlson's bill for his good help and extraordinary care was $00.00. I know of older people he treat in their home.for free.  Dr. Carlson is the most caring Dr. we have ever known. Dr. Carlson is GREAT and  very knowafeable 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	I have gone to this doctor all my life, and so have my children.  He not only treats current ailments, but gives excellent advice on long-term health, diet and exercise, and is familiar with many resources, which he takes time to share.  Very caring, with a heavy emphasis on healthy lifestyles.  Also this clinic is a great alternative to the E.R. when open; although they require appointments, they have always been able to squeeze us in for emergencies.  	3	3	5	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	1	Dr. Carlson has taken care of my family and me for the last 19 years. There is a very good reason why he is still a very busy doctor. Put simply, he's the best in Kenai. He spends so much time with me and doesn't bill me for the extra time. When it comes to my family's health, I'll always go to Dr. Carlson. 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	-1	Had a seizure in his office and was called a couple of hours later to be told that I was fired as a patient. Apparently had cussed out a nurse and slammed a door.  What it amounted to is that he not only didn't know how to treat me but he didn't want to learn! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
2	1	Dr. Carlson is one of those rare doctors that has a genuine concern and care for his patients. He goes above and beyond. He does not take your concerns lightly and will not try to rush you out of the room. Undeniably the best doctor I have ever been to. 		2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	I'm very satisfied with Dr. Coulter's work, I had extremely bad nearsightedness (over -9 diopters)  and astigmatism, and now see at 20/15 (better than 20/20) the service wasn't covered by insurance, but i would pay for it again just to not have to deal with glasses or contacts. 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	Very thorough doctor.  Great results. 	4	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	Answered questions thoroughly.  Good experience. 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	One word; AWESOME. You would have to look long and hard to better. Thanks Dr. Cynowa. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	Great caring office,everyone very kind. From first telephone call when appt was made, staff very helpful on the phone,made me feel comfortable when I arrived until I left.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	1	Dr. Chester has been my doctor for going on 7 years. She has been alot with me and has been very helpful. Even though she is VERY busy she is wonderful. She is one of the top doctors in Alaska after all. I would reccomend her to ALL my friends and family who i havent already. Her staff changes alot but the ones that have been there the who 7 years are great and I couldnt ask for a better staff.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
6	1	delightful office. Everyone is so helpful.The doctor really listened to me and answered my questions or helped me find the right place to look for answers,  I'm thrilled with my experience.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	0	Dr. Chester delivered my daughter last year. I think she has a lot of knowledge, but she was always busy. I always had a lot of question or concerns since it was our first baby, but she didn't listen to me so much. One time she got out the room before I finish my question. She was a nice person, but I would like to see a doctor who will make me feel comfortable. Especially when you are pregnant. 		4	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
6	-1	A test showed possible cancer. Dr did not even bother to see me personally (despite an appt with her) but used a nurse instead. In addition when I called for results (they were a week late calling me) she read me the results and included the remark....&quot;whatever that means&quot;. I never met her in person as she didn't take the time to see me, but did bill me for the tests and visit. 		2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	Dr. Chester has been my o/b-gyn for almost 8 years. She has been through several miscarriages with me, two live births and she is delivering my son that is due 08/06. Her office staff is fantastic, her nurses are always wonderful and her office has a relaxed, welcome atmosphere. She is very easy to get along with and takes personal interest in her patients. I recommend her to anyone in need of quality ob/gyn care. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	Her office hours are inconvenient for anyone who works. When you actually get to meet with her, she is helpful and knowledgeable. The office staff is where you usually get hung up/ not helpful. 		5	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	Dr Chester was very helpful and very good with my 16 year old daughter who had a series of bad pap smears, she worked with us to get her back to the &quot;good&quot; pap. I was so impressed with her, that I changed from my provider to her and it has been great! I highly recommend her.  Thanks! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	1	Dr. Chester is caring and compassionate. She takes the time to listen and answer questions. She has an aweseome staff who, with her, will go the extra mile when neccessary.  	 11/30/05		4	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
7	1	Great doctor, however his office staff is rude, especially his nurse (Shannon).  They treat you as if you are an inconvenience.  They forget that you are a customer and you are paying for the services provided.  I believe Dr. Cohen is very talented, it is just unfortunate that patients suffering with pain have to put up with terrible customer service.  	1	3	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	Only one pre-op visit so far...The STAFF suggested I was only meeting with a P.A., but I also met with Cohen. Great! but I was unprepared.  	2	4	4	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
7	1	I will have to agree with the few other people. I have had 2 office visits with Dr. Cohen and as for him I have nothing bad to say. I would reccomend him to all my friends and family without a doubt. On the other hand his office staf is the worst I have ever experienced. I was told that they would contact me to make and appoitment after they had received the referal and I finally called them 2 weeks later and finally made an appt. They are rude, and not very helpful. It is sad to see a great Dr. with such poor office staff. 	1	4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	Dr. Cohen repaired my back, 5 fractured vertabrae. I had 2 rods and 8 screws installed. I had a trauma accident, he fixed me right up and am healing very well after 6 weeks. His assistants are very caring and I feel he does excellent work. I am reccomending him. he seems very busy and seems to care about his patients. I like him and his staff vey much. Xincerly, Tony Mueller healy, AK.  	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	-1	terrible office staff!!  Rude and very unhelpful.  Never use this practice.   You have options in Anchorage 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	I had complete disc replacement L4-L5, surgery was performed on 2-20-10, was released from hospital on 2-23-10. As with most surgeries there is pain from where I was cut open, and minimal pain at the injury site. The surgery process was VERY WELL EXPLAINED, and as I was being set up in pre-op everything was again explained.                               The entire staff (the ones I dealt with) was very professional, I also liked that they used humor to help keep me calm before the operation. I know that if I need further proceedures done, that there will be only one doctor doing them, and that is Dr. Cohen. And I plan on telling anyone I know that they should consult with him before going to someone else for the procedure.  One side note, I give him a rating of 6 across the board.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
7	1	The office staff service has been terrible.  From my consult being sent over I called aprox twice a week for a month.  I was told by the staff on numerous occasions they would be getting back to me but I have been forced every time to pursue any forward movement.  It took probable 10 calls just to get my first apointment. The reason I have stayed with this doctor is the excellent recomendations I have recieved from a friend who has assisted In surgery with Dr. Cohen and other profesionals. I have been told for weeks by the staff that they were waiting for approval from my surgery before giving me a surgery date.  I then called my insurance companys and was told they had never been contacted by anyone.  That sounds like a blantant lie.  Iam hurting here and I want resolution.  	1	2	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	Exceptionally talented, Professional, and Courteous Doctor that made me feel comfortable and confident with my care from start to finish. Dr. Cohen is definitely my first choice and highly recommended for any friend or family member who needs to see a Neurosurgeon.  Previous comments made little sense to me - as I experience no issues with the staff and the care provided was exceptional.  As for appointments - I have found the best doctors and surgeons can take a while to get scheduled; I’m always leery if there is no waiting to get to see a specialist outside of a life and death situation. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	I met Dr Cohen in a very infortunate way. My mother fell and had severe bleeding on her brain. Dr Cohen hugged me for 10 minutes in the ER when I found out she may not make it. He was very sweet and made sure I understood EVERYTHING. Now, the follow ups were a different story. It was impossible to talk to him in ICU because he was so fast and busy. As for the office visit follow ups = he was non-existant. I do have to agree with the others about his staff. Rude, no knowledge of whats going on, and so on. He saved my moms life and is one of the best surgeons around. For minor issues I may try someone else.  		4	4	4 	Insurance:Aetna
7	0	yeh. i would hav to agree with the last couple of comments, the staff well if you worked for Cohen how would you be, hands on Cohen thinks of himself, very intelligent youngsurgeon i have to give him credit there but, he needs a heart for families. 		1	1	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	Dr. Cohen was delightful. Very personable, very knowledgable. However, it took several months to even get an appointment (not scheduled until he sees your MRI's/Cat scans) His staff was polite, but unimpressive. Did not follow up to make appointment. Must have called 8+ times before appointed. Five months to even be allowed to make an appointment. Do not think the doctor was aware of my films and records being there. However, despite the staff, he is a good diagnostician, and I hear an excellent surgeon. 		4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	-1	One of the worst run offices I have ever seen. Some of the staff are extremely rude. Doctor Cohen looks for positive results only and will not listen to negative issues relating to surgery. Diagnosis was only partially correct: in looking at small details he missed the bigger picture. Got a second opinion and need to have further surgery.  		1	1	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
8	1	Dr. Ha was pleasant, reassuring, and took the time I needed to explain my condition to me. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	Excellant Service and knowledge. Was recommened by another doctor. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	I had to get a procedure done and Dr. Ha was very comforting and I felt did a great job. Then I found out I was pregnant and I was happy to be able to go through the pregnancy already having established a relationship with her. The delivery was really great and labor was managable. I like that she is informative and very direct. I had a great experience and would refer her to all of my friends. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	-1	I was a patient of Dr. Ha when she practiced in Wisconsin, about two and half years ago. At first I found her to be very knowledgeable, but then after the second visit I felt she rushed the office visits and sometimes mixed my case up with other patients cases. She also took too many vacations. Two weeks before my child was scheduled to be born she informed me she was going on vacation, the date that my child was to be born. Granted every doctor needs a vacation, but of the five months I was her patient, she took about 4 vacations, at least two of them had caused me to have a delay in seeing her. Also, there was reason for concern that my child could be born with a defect, and when my husband and I said we wanted my child to be born in a hospital with a NICU, she said that my child was not sick and she would be fine. My child was born with a heart defect that caused her to have surgery when she was 10 days old. 		3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	Dr. Campbell patiently listened to the details of an issue I had been dealing (or rather not dealing with)   for 30+ years.  He has guided me through a sometimes difficult time.  He was available and I especially appreciated his help and concern when I was out of state.  He is a person who listens and acts. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	Dr. Coalwell is a working mans Dr.  Gives you the information in a way you can understand.  Very Helpful.  They have a Medicare Billing Specialist on staff who can answer those hard questions.  Dr and staff are a winning combo. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	-1	She did not meet with me after the surgery so the CNA had given me instructions for care. The pin in my finger broke 2 weeks after her surgery. A splint would have prevented the breaking. When I rescheduled an appointment with her to possibly fix the pin, she adementally refused and was inappropriatly RUDE.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	0	this doctor is a uncaring, angry person who has a personality disorder.  she is scary. 	5	1	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	Dr Case is extremely thorough, thoughtful a very professional.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
13	1	performed service then disclosed that he did not accept my insurance 	1	5	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	Haven't seen him in many years but all my experiences with him were very positive. Conscientious, reliable, knowledgeable, took the time to ensure a good eye exam. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	The waiting room receptionist was the mode rude person I've ever met. She insulted and humiliated me. However, Dr. Compton was a great doctor, and I had complete confidence in him. He noticed a medical condition that my primary care physician totally missed. I was very sorry that he moved to Alaska. Come back Dr.  Compton, but please hire a new receptionist! 	1	1	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	-1	Doesn't listen to the patients words thinks he is more right. Very quick with trying to get you out of his office. 	4	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
14	0	All about the money. They took my insurance card. Made me wait while they called. Told me my deductible hadn't been met. Told her I knew that and would be paying by check. Made me wait, again, while she called the bank to verify funds before the doctor would see me.  	1	2	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	Dr. Compton's knowledge and support throughout my pregnancy coupled with the prompt friendly service from not only him but his entire staff goes above and beyond any medical office experience I've experienced before. This has been the first doctor's office that I've showed up to my appointments and been seen within 3 minutes of arriving every time! He speaks at the patient's level, (he doesnt speak over your head or down to you). I have already recommended his office to all of my friends and family.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	1	They don't come any better than Dr. Dan Coverdell. He is the best diagnostician I have found in the entire Anchorage/Eagle River area. He takes the time to know a patient's history and always alleviates concerns by being thorough. I also love the fact the Acute Family bills both primary AND secondary insurances. Even when I go out of state, I will always come back to Dr.  Dan for preventive care! Plus, docs from Montana are EXTRA super cool! :) 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	1	Dr. Dan is the best!  Takes the time, listens. non judgemental - great bedside manner. HIGHLY recommended! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	Excellent manner, very knowlegable, very through, easy to understand. I highly recommend him. His staff is lax in following up on his instructions.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	-1	You might want to find out why she Lost license in colorado to practice. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	Dr. Mien Chyi always gives extra-time for her patients, makes sure the kids get accurate treatment.  Our kids love her so much! She is very patient with them. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	-1	Dr. Chyi received and signed off on important test results for my child, who was not a patient of hers. Signed off on them and did not notify treating physician or parents of the results. This resulted in a delay of initiating treatment of almost 1 year for a condition that is time-sensitive to treat. 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	This doctor is very patient and willing to take the time needed to be certain you understand what she is saying and are comfortable with her recommendations.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
18	1	Friendly, personable, spends time with her patients, explains and clarifies. In the profession because she cares. Cerebral and very knowledgeable and competent. Pushes a healthy lifestyle and lives it herself. 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	0	Dr Cordova no longer has a practice in Homer Alaska. He sold his business to Dr Nelson 	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	Dr Christensen has always been attentive,caring and helpful.  Wonderful gentleman 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:BC Med
21	1	. Dr cusack got rid of my cystic acne within weeks!!!!! Luv this place 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
21	-1	I have suffered from keloids for over ten years and have tried multiple treatments, from injections to laser treatments all which have been very successful in overall appearance of my scars. I decided to see what treatments dr. Cusack had.  He entered the the room asking why I was there, then when I expressed to him my situation, he went on about all the treatments he would have done differently over the last ten years.  Which in my opinion was water under the bridge since I was interested in finding out about information to help with where I'm at now, and what can be done to fix the issues I'm dealing with today.  He was very rude and didn't seem interested in helping me.  I was just surprised after 42 years experience that he was not knowledgable in some newer treatment options available for keloids.  The staff was very kind, but Dr. Cusack was extremely unprofessional and out of line with his comments towards treatments that have worked for me in the past. 	5	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
21	-1	Completely off, prescribed medication not approved for treatment and when it did not work and caused a great deal of problems he was uncoopertive and rude.  He needs to retire.  	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	I went there for my acne and had barely any wait to get an appointment. Their Acne hydro-facial procedure did wonders for my skin. Dr. Cusack had a very &quot;cut to the chase&quot; attitude of which I truly appreciated because most doctors will sit there and talk your ears off rather than discuss the matters at hand. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	I needed to see a dermatologist right away and most of the time you wait for weeks just to get an appointment but with Doctor Cusack, I got in within a week. I was pleased with the staff’s friendliness and politeness after mentioning the coldness outside, they offered coffee or tea to warm me up. The office was wheelchair friendly, which made it a lot easier and less of a hassle for me.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	-1	I didn't notice any drug use, like the other comments suggested.  I went in to have a wart on my foot removed, and after he burned it the first time, he wanted me to come back a second time and burn it again to make sure it was gone.  Then a third time... then a fourth time.  Eventually I refused (and yes, the wart was long gone by then).  In addition to the unnecessary visits, each time they charged me more than what my insurance would cover.  Thankfully the office reduced my bill to match the insurance, so I didn't pay more than my copay, but it was still frustrating.  	4	2	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	-1	I drove to Anchorage from Soldotna for my appt.  Dr. Cusak was over an hour late.  The office staff could not find him.  When he did arrive and entered the exam room he used foul language and appeared under the influence of drugs or alcohol.  He was rude, rough during my very short exam and then left the room.  I waited another 15 minutes not knowing what was next.  At that point I walked to the desk clerk and told her I was through.  At the very least this guy needs to be investigated by an oversight board.  Will never go back to him. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
21	-1	He didn't appreciate dr./patient confidentiality. He told me about other patients, one that was in the room next door. He cursed and couldn't tell me exactly what the rash on my face was. He kept trying to get me to come back for follow ups that were completely useless. He rambled and seemed under the influence of somekind of drug. 	1	4	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
21	0	I had a couple of skin lesions removed from upper thigh - had to undress and lay on table with no covering while others were close by. I just felt very uncomfortable. 	1	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
22	-1	Joke of a &quot;practice&quot;, awful experience in that office. No privacy. Dr. Garden disclosed private info to five strangers/ patients in a &quot;herd like group setting&quot; Because the other 3 patients had either private insurance or were there after a car accident... These people were &quot;treated&quot; back cracked in a public setting. My insurance however was not great coverage, received no &quot;treatment&quot;, no back adjustment, he NEVER TOUCHED MY BACK. Dr. Garden made me sit there 1.5 hours, never pre examined my x rays, had no treatment plan ready to review. And his &quot;private consultation&quot; was nothing more than attempt to get me with high pressure sales tactics,commitment to daily appointments, but because of my insurance only covering 12 treatments he apparently didn't see that insurance claim as profitable as the 3 other &quot;patients&quot; that sat and heard my every medical issue.  One word: HIPPAA 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
22	0	Patients are in one large waiting room where you can view other patients being adjusted. No privacy! Each patient gets the exact same back/neck cracking and is seen for less then 2 min. If you want anything else you have to be very specific. Used to be a great chiropractic office till Dr. Cissell came in. I would rather go to an office that will spend a little more time with each patient in a private setting. He also tells every patient they need to come 3x a week and if they don't then they are just wasting their time and money. He is a maximized living chiropractor and they just want your money!!! 	5	5	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
23	-1	When I phoned to make an appt. I was told they do not bill insurance.  Then she asked me for my social security number.  When I asked why she needed it if they don't bill insurance she was rude.  I found her demeanor insulting and I was totally put off by it.  I'll never call again and will tell anyone who asks me about this office how rude and disrespectful this person was. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	Dr. Cannava is highly skilled and very knowledgeable.  He has performed a couple of facial surgeries on me with excellent results.  His manner is personable and supportive.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	-1	CHARGED FOR A DETAILED COMPLEX DERM EXAM. NEVER HAD ME UNDRESS AND CHANGE INTO A GOWN. VERY SUPERFICIAL AND ARROGANT 		3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	Dr. Cannava was the best doctor I have ever been to. He met my needs in an emergency in a helpful and attentive manner. I would recommend him to anyone.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	HIGHLY PROFESSIONAL AND VERY ATTENTIVE TO ALL MY NEEDS.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	Wonderful, knowlegeable young man with all of the latest information, training and technology.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
24	1	She was fantastic! Best OBGYN I've ever had! I started going to her for my annual exams, but then I had to have several procedures done, and she was fantastic. very caring and knowledgeable. Took the time to explain the procedures ahead of time, and called to see if I had any questions before my appointment to have them done. Plus, the procedures were always done quickly. She always called personally with my lab results- no messages from nurses! and they have a beautiful new office location in downtown Anchorage, next to the museum.  I definitely recommend Dr Crow! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	Thank whatever god to which you pray should you be lucky enough to be treated be Carroll and the whole staff at FCTC.  There's maybe 4 other people on this planet who could give you a similar level of care, and that's no joke.  27 NED, TYVM.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
25	1	Dr. Carroll has been a great advisor through the last 10 years of my life.  I hope he's there for another 20!  He's been very helpful as I've had to struggle with being a kydney stone producer. He makes me feel like I'm the most important patient for the day.  Add to that his nurses and a great PA and I wouldn't change my situation for anything! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	After my surgeon gave me the ultimate gloom and doom report, Dr Carroll arrived on the scene with a much more optimistic outlook. He has been caring for me for almost three years now, and I am doing very well. He listens to me and answers questions in plain English. Dr. Carroll is clearly knowledgeable about the latest treatment options. Even though he is pressed for time, I don't have the feeling that I am being rushed out the door. It is evident that he truly cares about the welfare of all the people he treats. He and his staff helped me through some tough financial times, and this made continued medical care possible. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	Also specializes in Internal Medicine and Hematology. Genuinely caring doctor, willing to take time to talk to you and explain in detail. Takes Medicare patients that he probably loses money on and gives them equal care and time. Knowledgeable in his specialties. Very busy. Can be a bit crusty and impatient at times (when his conclusions are probed in depth) but he tries not to be and his heart is clearly in the right place. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	-1	I have seen this doctor twice.  I have training as an EMT.  Both times, he was dismissive and condecending.  Speaking with him and others he has provided services for, he seems to default to snap judgements and exotic diagnosis, Likes using medical toys ('scope, MRI, spinal tap) with little or no jsutification. 	4	4	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
26	-1	Obtained John Cullen's services as Family MD. He delivered our daughter and began extra martial affair with my wife. She (they) used a convicted child mollester to stay with our children when they spent night together, while his wife was out of town, night he was scheduled to, but did not, attend the 1998 Awards Dinner hosted by the City of Valdez. In addition, to facilate extra marital affair with Cullen TJ Rodgers committed perjury in order to obtain a CPO, resulting in loss of husbands of employment, health insurance, housing and child support for their four children. In addition, he covered up fact our daughter had been mollested, by Larry Hodges Jr., since it occurred while he was sleeping with my wife. Admitting to, and public knowledge of, which would have resulted in AMA disiplinary action, law suit and damage to his medical practice. Factual references. AMA, AK Court Records, City of Valdez, Peggy Flasher, Valdez Counseling Center and Valdez PD. 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	Dr. Cross is very thorough, and made adjustments to my treatment that have made my back pain very manageable.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
27	-1	Terrible practice and doctor. She appears disorganized and self absorbent.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Coventry
27	1	I have seen Dr. Cross for the past year and she has done wonders for my chronic pain. I was involved in a car accident two years ago, and since then I have suffered from cervical and lumber pain, after having an MRI my results revealed that I was suffering from damage to those areas mentioned. I was sent to see a neurologist who referred me to Dr. Cross after his treatment was complete. My first appointment with Dr. Cross we discussed what exact pain I suffered with. Her treatment consists of medication and minor surgical procedures that have helped. Her treatment has increased my activity and lowered my pain. She is caring and listens to everything that I say and treats me with great respect. Dr. Cross is a great doctor, which reflects on her staff, her and her staff is great at what they do. Her knowledge, personality and respect for me are greatly appreciated. It’s not easy living with chronic and thanks to her treatment my life has been made a lot easier.  	 11/4/09	5	4	5	Insurance:Tricare
27	1	Dr. Cross saved my life.  Childhood infections and subsequent surgeries left me in chronic pain so severe it ruined my professional education and career life. Since childhood I was told to &quot;be brave&quot;, &quot;be a man&quot;, &quot;don't complain&quot;, and &quot;suck it up&quot; or that my pain was psychosomatic. For two decades, no doctor would treat me for chronic pain until I found Dr. Cross.  She was the first to do a thorough examination and accept the reality of physical pain in my body.  Extraordinarily reluctant to prescribe narcotic painkillers, we tried a dozen other medications first over several months.  None worked. Only then did she prescribe opiates, and it took several mg of morphine equivalent just to get me to the treshold of pain relief, confirming what I knew all along.  Result: before Dr. Cross I was in counseling for suicide.  I am no longer. Learning to expect management of pain, not full relief, has been harder. Note on punctuality: no doc has consistently seen me on time in my life.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
27	-1	the doc is crazy! she actually told me my referring doctor was incompetent and that she was the best thing that could happen to me. Her diagnosis was way off and if I actually listened to her I may have been harmed by the medicine she prescribed for me.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	-1	This doctor told me I was a liar! She treated me like I was a drug seeker, she was rude and cold. If she had got my medical charts like she was supposed to from previous doctor she would not have called me a liar!!!  I was humiliated and crushed to be treated so badly. Not only that but now I have to deal with all the lies she put in my medical chart.   Doctors can really play a power trip when they want and wind up desperatly hurting the patient by being so damn mean not to mention dishonest!!! 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
27	-1	she made me feel like I was crazy didnt listen to me made me feel like I was a junkie come to find out I had a fracturd vertabre she said it was all in my headshe is never on time then she is so rushed she doesnt have the time toreally listen 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
27	-1	This woman is a mental case. She dresses like a **** at work; treats women patients like scum, and does nothing to help you. She yelled at me; told me lies and called me names. She is crazy and I am not the first person to say so who has seen her. She needs intense mental health treatment 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	I have special needs owing to cancer related radiation treatments.  I trust Dr. Cerney implicitly...He is a very competent dentist with a very competent staff.  He has performed several procedures on me and results have been very good. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	This man is wonderful, friendly, calming and attentive and empathetic. His dental skills are on par and his chair side manor is what I love about him.  I can't imagine anyone being afraid of him!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	1	I want to share with anyone who is looking for a podiatrist in the Soldonta, Kenai area;  I took my daughter to Dr. Cotler, not only was he attentive to her needs he was calm and understanding to my needs as her mother.  My daughter has had issues with feet since she was little.  She is now 10 and we finally decided it was time to see someone after many years of her complaining about her knees.  He fit her for some orthodics and made some suggestions regarding what type of shoes would be best.  He never pushed any of his suggestions!  I would highly recommend him for a Podiatrist and I would see him again if necessary.  Thank you Dr. Cotler! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	0	Terrible personality, no bedside manner whatsoever. Definitely feel like he's in it for the money and would sell you a surgery just to stick more cash in his pocket. 	3	4	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
29	0	Lisa Cotler relies heavily on her husbands being a foot dr to &quot;diagnose&quot; concerns with feet and recommendations for shoes... She gave me a recommendation that for a type of OTC orthotic to put in the $130. tennis shoes I bought there, and have had nothing but pain and trouble with my left foot since then. She is an elitist who knocks the other vendors as being inadequate and selling a shoddy product... she should watch what she says or she will end up getting sued. My husband went to Dr. Cotler once and paid him $300.00 for him to   perscribe OTC orthotics and a wooden foot massager. What a joke. They both are in it for the MONEY. 	3	3	3	2 	Insurance:Unknown
29	-1	.  	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
30	-1	Brought my teen daughter to Carpenter to get help for her obvious hypothyroid symptoms. Carpenter was recommended by friend for her ability to manage hormone disorders. Dad, son, and I have formal hypothyroid diagnoses from specialists out of state. Carpenter looked at my list of daughter's symptoms and after running labs suggested we curtail reading WebMD! TSH was at the bottom of the &quot;normal&quot; range. Finally flew daughter to nationally-known thyroid MD out of state. He not only agreed with our symptom list but added new, serious ones we had no idea were thyroid related (and had choice words for Carpenter's ability to interpret lab results). Perhaps Carpenter does well with a few disorders, but she was out of her league with us. 	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	My sister referred me to this doc.  Her boss was incorrectly diagnosed with more than one doc in town.  He went to see Dr. Carpenter.  Turns out he had a serious condition with too much iron.  This doc was on the ball and found it.  I now go to her exclusively.  She intelligently tries to rule things out if there isn't an obvious answer to what is going on.  I have more than one medical condition going on and she is very patient and kind.  She has helped me more than I can say and I plan on sticking with her for a long time.  I hope she likes Fairbanks and plans to stay here. 	4	5	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
30	-1	End up only seeing PA and was given medication that was dangerous to me because of known condition they had in their records.  	5	2	2	2 	Insurance:Providence
30	1	MY MD and she is incredible gets you right in, remembers things about you that no one does! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	She diagnosed my father with cancer when doctors from the lower 48 kept misdiagnosing him.  If it wasn't for her he wouldn't be here today.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
30	-1	She was not able to diagnose simple vaginal dryness and irritation due to breastfeeding (and decreased estrogen), instead putting me on a series of antibiotics and sulfa drugs for infections I never had. She finally referred me to someone else after months of misery (she even told me I might have herpes and should have a discussion with my partner). The doctor to whom she referred me correctly diagnosed this very normal condition within five minutes of talking to me. Carpenter tried to cover her tracks later by saying, &quot;That's what I thought it was. &quot; 	3	3	2	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
30	-1	Has got me sicker than what I really am. YOu don't tell a patient they are 'grossly' overweight. Okay so I may be but I'm Italian and we like to eat. Ever see a skinny Italian&#63;&#63;&#63; if so then they are not 100% 		4	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	Excellent service.   Finally got a correct diagnosis 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
31	-1	.  	5	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
32	-1	Dr. Cherry is either incompetent or negligent.  He did a psych eval of a minor without seeking the input of both parents or seeking past evaluations or the input of past counsellors.  The evaluation's conclusions were incorrect and were extremely harmful to the minor.  No competent Counsellor would use one source to do psych eval when there are many sources available.   Is he incompetent, negligent or just anxious to collect his fee&#63; 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	-1	I agree they also mirror my experience. He verbally tore me to shreds with a false diagnosis and said I suffer from somatic health issues I found this very odd, in his report he goes on to say as colorful as one can I faked a pulmonary embolism and a TIA, I really have no idea how one can do this, (side note my father and grandfather died from a MI under the age of 50 and 2 cousins age 17 and 27 that had MI and lived), and goes on saying that I have ADHD issues but not really, WHAT&#63;&#63;&#63;&#63; What does mean&#63;  And goes on to saying that he does not believe my test findings starting with my IQ all the way to my academic achievement (I had a IEP all throughout school life) but apparently I made it all up&#63;  And the icing on the cake I needed to go back to school and get my GED (FYI I graduated school in 1998 and that was stated in the report) another side note I have children at home under the spectrum disorder. I have been down this road and never have I seen anything like this. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	Unlike some of the other reviews, I found Dr. Cherry to be very helpful.  Given the demographics he comes into contact with, it doesn't surprise me that some people are upset by his professional and straight forward approach.  He isn't one to placate and play games and I found it refreshing that he says it like it is, is very perceptive and gives patients the opportunity to realistically look at themselves without candy coating it and a spoon feeding.  He won't do it for you, but he most certainly can help move you into a healthier state and experience better well-being - bit patient participation is a paramount.  	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:Aetna
32	-1	I know some other proffesionals that will not refer to him. alls he cares about is money.  I agree that we did not even reconize the person he was talking about in his very expensive report that was not helpful at all. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
32	-1	I agree completely with the other adverse comments,they mirror my experience almost exactly and he should be removed from practice. His report has adversly effected my life and his only concern was SSDI which I told him didn't effect me but was the only recommentation he changed. I asked for a revised report and specific info on how he came to these conclusions from a 45 min interview. He changed a few words but didn't change the diagnoses of Somatoform Disorder (imagined symptions) and provided no specifics. I overreported symptons because I scored above average on the tests. He refused to talk to my medical providers that can speak to my medical problems and pain issues. &quot;The stress of marriage and parenting are exacerbating my level of pain&quot;, HUH&#63; I'm depressed&#63;, try four surgeries in four months, a Lamanectomy for a broken back two weeks after his interview but it's my imagination. I'm getting a second opinion and filing a formal complaint.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	1	This doctor did an excellent interview with us. His office was clean and organized, unlike what the previous poster said. His report was thorough and on target. He listened well and kept us on track. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	-1	This man is a vicious and cunning doctor who should not be allowed in practice. As the other patients commented on here, the same was true. He verbally tore me to shreds with a flase diagnosis and said I suffered from facticious disorder and somomatic disorder. (where you fake illness) I was just diagnosed with numerous internal disease and possible lymphoma. He said that I was a lier and refused to look at my current medical test results or take information from friends and family about my cognitive decline. He said that because my IQ was above average two years ago, and now is at a 7.5 grade level, I am a fake and all doctors should be warned about  me. I am seeking legal advice and filing a formal complaint against this monster. Please, stay far far away from this doctor who I think has mental illness himself undiagnosed. He uses his title to hide behind and hurt innocent patients. He is also bias to another terrible doctor (nuerologist) Dr. Pervier who referred me to him. Bad docs 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
32	-1	I agree with the previous rating that he cut and pasted information.  I have never been treated by a member of the medical field as poorly as by this doctor and hope to never be again.  I was sent on a wild goose chase following his &quot;diagnoses&quot; to rectify his totally outrageous claims/findings.  We have so few neuropsychs to pick from.  His specialty is somatic disorders and it seems that he feels most of us suffer from this.  Stay away! 	1	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
32	-1	Disorganized and an excuse maker and one of the few neuropsychologist in Alaska. He has been in Anchorage only a couple years and bounced from practice to practice including with the the Native Hosp. I did not know this prior to making an appointment. He is focused on the criminally insane, and unfortunate for you, thereby appears to suspect everyone is a system abuser. His office was a dishevelled mess of stacked papers, some stacks at least a foot high. We should have bolted when we saw the chaos of his office but it is so hard to get an appointment for an evaluation and school was starting and we were trusting. On our second visit he did not remember why we were there. After we read his report we could not even figure out who he was talking about. He just cut and pasted stuff from a text book. Very expensive and worthless for school placement and social interaction level or valuation of potential. If you have a friend or child with a brain injury, take them anywhere else.  	5	2	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	1	Dr. Coop was awesome, He talked to me softly and allowed my husband to come in with me. He seemed to be very concerned with me and suggested another type of allergy test....formaldehyde test and OH-MY-GOSH It blistered and pussed out for one month. I can no longer touch plastics of any type, ANY TYPE. And our house the glue to hold down the vynal in the kitchen and bathrooms. Had to get rid of all carpets with rubber on the back.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
34	1	my wife had a surgery performed by Dr Counts. She was 1.5 hrs late for the surgery making the hospital and surgical staff wait with no idea what was going on. After the procedure the nurses advised me she should have told me which room to report to, which she hadn't. After 2 hrs of waiting a hospital nurse came to find me and tell me where my wife was. After recovery we waited til after 6pm to be released with no word from her or her staff. Finally her partner came to release us. My thoughts are she maybe be really good, but letting people wait for hours on end seems a little unprofessional for a Dr and their staff.  	3	1	3	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
34	1	Dr. Counts is a very thoughtful doctor.  I see her for annual check up and have always had a good experience.  This office also asks lots of additional questions about your health to give you the best care (asks about eating and social habits) 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	1	She was wonderfully helpful. I was very frightened for my surgery and she was a a great comfort.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	1	I have referred Dr. Counts to every one of my friends.  She is compassionate, knowledgeable, and helpful. I trust her professional opinion completely.  The staff is friendly and they always have a smile on their faces. I love hearing the same thing from all of my friends. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
34	0	Dr. Counts never listened to my pregnancy concerns, she dismissed my symptoms as fatigue. Dr. Counts is very knowledgeable about female issues such as endometriosis. Her staff were kind, organized and punctual.  However, Dr. Counts did not listen to my pregnancy concerns rather dismissed my symptoms as fatigue. 	4	4	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	Dr. Counts is a wonderful doctor. Sometimes the wait for her is a little long- but, I tell myself that is because she spends time with each of her patients and I will appreciate that when it is my turn. This also means she is very popular among the pregnant women of Anchorage! She delivered both my babies and she was awesome both times. She let me labor long and did not move into any unecessary C sections just because labor was slow to progress.  I would recommend her to anyone! 	4	3	4	4 	Insurance:Aetna
34	1	She is an amazing person, a wonderful physician, and has a gentle spirit who always has her patients' best interest at heart.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	1	Dr counts is an amazing dr. I would recommend her to every one having a baby, or just need female help. She is very knowledgeable. 		4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	-1	The first time I saw him he walked in the room and said I know why you have back problems your FAT! He said I need to loose 100 pounds, I just had a baby two months before and had other medical issues. Then he told me not to eat then go on a diet plan, I said im breastfeeding I cant not eat at all, then he said thats why they make bottles. Then I asked what can I do for my scolosis he told me to get a new motherrrrrrr!!! This man was rude and nasty. No one should ever be treated like that.  	3	4	1	3 	Insurance:Tricare
35	1	Administered spinal injections (over 4 year period) after failed back surgery by another doctor.  Pain relief was immediate and lasting.  Fine doctor who understands his patient.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	1	Dr Chandler and Dr. Childs are both very knowladgeable in pain management. They understand what we go through in a day. The what, where and when our pain happens.I don't know what else to say excypt if you can get sent to one of the doctors in his office you will have a better life. This includes surgery if needed, or able to have it. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	-1	They ad states &quot;at peace with pain&quot;, but the only thing he did was prescribe Oxycontin (up to 600 mg per day during my time there. The facet blocks done did not work for me and I'm happy to say I am no longer a patient there. Another doctor got me off Oxycontin completely. I am Oxycontin Clean. It is the absolute worst drug, so please be forewarned. After two months I'm still having withdrawalS. 		1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
36	-1	Drug Doctor of Wasilla.  Might as well see him as buy off the street. Gives drugs for anything to anyone. As long as you pay for your appts. 	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
36	-1	this doctor is whacked out he over charges and he is never on time to the point of waiting hours after your scheduled appt time. 	4	1	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
36	-1	. what a freak--did exercises (for himself while I had my visit)screamed at me and said my pain was all in my head (I can hardly get out of bed in the mornings)I have never been so upset in my whole life 	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	1	Doctor Chism spent quality time discussing my medical concernsand demonstrated excellent doctor patient relations. Is very thorough and knowledgeable and has helped me use excercise to relieve pain. Very compassionate. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	I saw Dr. Chisholm a few years ago for about 6 mos. for pain related problems. He is a compassionate doctor who combines gravitational body positioning with medications to relieve pain. He is a very careful prescriber of narcotics, so if you see him, do not use street drugs. He is diligent with that. Lots of urine screening. I have no problem with thtat. He has an odd office policy regarding timeliness. He comes in when he comes in. You may have to wait for hours, but the staff tries to help by telling you to go do your thing and they will call when he gets in. &#63;&#63;&#63;&#63;. Otherwise, I would recommend him if you have exhausted all other treatment avenues.  	4	1	5	4 	Insurance:Aetna
37	-1	 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	I am extremely pleased with Dr. Cobden's care and I consider him to be one of the most experienced orthopedists in Fairbanks. (My husband and kids have seen other orthopedists and I don't feel they received the same quality of treatment.) Dr. Cobden repaired my meniscus, which I tore when I was out camping. My knee is now 100% improved, I couldn't be happier. Dr. Cobden is at at new office now and his staff is great-very helpful and professional. I would rate Dr. Cobden at the top of the list, I would wouldn't go anywhere else.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
37	1	After my accident I required immediate emergency surgery at Fairbanks memorial hospital. I am glad Dr Cobden was my orthopedic surgeon, he reassembled my humerus which was exposed and shattered (pieces were missing). Dr Cobden saved my arm, he also performed surgery on my tibial plateau fracture my shattered ankle and my fractured clavicle. In my opinion Dr Cobden is a true professional.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
37	1	Dr cobden takes time to listen and does not rush you through the appointment. I have had two surgerys with him very sucessful. and he cares about your pain and treats it.  especially children 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
37	1	Tskrs his time with you; compassionate, knowledgeable, informative.  After failing with two other ortho &quot;specialists,&quot; he saved my hip and knee.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Banner Health
37	-1	knee before Cobden needed minor repair; after Cobden needed major reconstruction 	1	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
37	0	did not feel comfortable with his work on me, I felt he didn't fully know what he was doing.  	3	4	3	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
37	-1	Total of 5 hip replacements...first 3 were by Cobden. Finally went to another state where Dr.s successfully re-did both hips. Consumers...Always do your homework before buying treatment from any Dr.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
37	1	His staff is horrible; he is in with a bunch of lousy pain doctors who are strictly in it for the money. A receptionist named Sue canceled my appointment for no reason & I had waited 15 days post surgery for this. Dr. Cobden was rattled, confused. 	1	1	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	Excellent surgeon, kind, knowledgable, and takes super good care of you. He's just always late, but he's worth it! I had shoulder surgery and way ahead of my healing time. Scar will hardly be anything.  		1	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
37	0	His office seems to be a bit too busy to provide adequate and prompt care.  		3	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
37	1	Very friendly and informative. Knows his business.  Would and do recomend him to everyone! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
37	0	Dosent help out and tell you what he is doing. He make you waite for ever and never call back. 		3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	Dr. Cotten is personable, extremely well informed, and a very effective physician.  Her medical skills have improved my quality of life significantly.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	1	unfortunatly retired but was the best pediatric doctor in the entire town.  was sorry to see him go 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
