dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	My daughter has a cleft palate and Dr. Edwards has treated her for minor procedures, but also performed a major surgery on her to graft bone from her hip in her hard palate.  Not only is he an excellent surgeon, but he was tremendously compassionate and tender.  I highly recommend Dr. Edwards. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	Dr. Edwards has done two sets of dental implants for me over the past ten years and I highly recommend him. He is competent, knowledgeable and I like his straightforward manner, you get a complete briefing and know what you are up against before the procedure begins. I will go back to him again and again. He has also pulled our children's wisdom teeth with good results. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	I had a Surgically Assisted Rapid Palate expansion under I.V sedation at Dr. Edwards office. I was out of the office in less then an hour. Surgery was flawless, no problems at all, no pain either, and we have had great results with my expansion. I highly recommend Dr Edwards, he is wonderful and will definitely be doing my jaw surgery later. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	I had two wisdom teeth removed under IV sedation by Dr. Edwards. I have worried over having them out for years but he had me out of surgery in 30 minutes. Intructions for after surgery were clear. If I ever need oral surgery again I will call him. Thanks. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	Doc Emili is the best doctor I've ever had. I've seen multiple doctors due to my chronic kidney failure and my wife's diabetes, but nobody spent the time with me like Dr. Emili. He knows exactly what hes talking about but puts it in clear language that I can clearly understand. He has motivated me to take better care of myself, if only because he asks me to.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	1	Dr. Emili waited on me for one year free of charge because I had no insurance and I needed Medical care since I had a blood clot.I now have insurance and he is still my Doctor,he treated me like I was paying him a million dollars for his service. He set me down and explained my condition to me in plain English. I thank God for Dr. Emili every day he made me feel that I was just as important to him as his patients that had money and were paying him. Thank God for Dr. Emili. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	Dr. Emili is among the best physicians that I've seen over the years.  He has always taken his time to explain all of my options and go over Rx, treatments, and questions.  Based on my own research, he seems to be well versed in current kidney research and explains his opinion for or against any promising new approaches.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	1	 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	This Doctor has helped me in so many ways I could never say thank you enough. She is patient, thorough, understanding and wickedly intelligent. She has a wonderful bedside manner from babies through to Senior Citizens. She is always punctual and very, very kind. I trust her with my life and the life of my son who was 6 weeks premature, has Asthma, Eczema and Tourettes Syndrome. I wish all the Doctors I’ve dealt with were this remarkable! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	Dr. Erickson is wonderful! She has great bedside manner, is a naturopathic doctor and is amazing with little ones. She has really helped us with our little one and food sensitivities and he has come a long way. I would very much recommend her! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	Physician was very helpful and informed. Staff members were professional. Rates for services were reasonable. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	Personable, friendly yet professional an knowledgeable--and fast!.   Great blend in a physician! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	0	Not impressed with skills. Bad nose job. Very disappointed. But a nice friendly person. 	2	4	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	Wonderful, caring, understanding, listens to her patients, great bedside manner, friendly, very polite, a fantastic doctor. :) 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	Dr. Elam is AWESOME! I have 3 children, and she's been my OB for each, delivering 2 of the 3. She also helped me through a tough miscarriage. Her and her nurse (Vita-also amazing, by the way) are great, always updating me on tests in a timely manner, etc. She was also the physician who gave my mother the news that she had breast cancer (her usual physician was out of town when the results came in, and Dr. Elam knew she was my mother and had a repoire with her through that). I would (and frequently DO!) highly recommend her to anyone!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	Dr. Elam is great!  After I had 2 miscarriages, she immediately began testing me to try to figure out what was wrong & was kind & understanding.  She is professional & I'm happy to report I carried my next pregnancy to term (utilizing the progesterone she prescribed) and my son is now 4 yrs old.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
6	1	I have been honored to have Dr Elam as my Obgyn for almost 3 years.  When I started having problems in my pregnancy she would call me herself with information.  When I was hopsitalized she was so kind, honest, and again would often come by and check on me even when it wasn't her weekend to be on call.  Also, her experiences not only as a dr but as a mother was comforting. I recommend her to every woman who asks and my husband has also recommended her to men for their wives when they first move to Ak! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	I will never see another OBGYN! The office staff is so friendly they are like family by the end of your pregnancy. Dr. Elrod is always about patient choice and is so educated on all birthing methods! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	Dr. Elrod and staff are the most compassionate, caring, and emotionally invested bunch of people you could ever meet.  They go above and beyond the call of &quot;good bedside manner&quot;.  I encourage any woman needing an OBGYN to call and schedule an appointment.  The normal cringing that generally accompanies the thought of a yearly exam is squelched after one appointment.  His use of humor, conversation and all around personality will put you at ease.   GUARANTEED! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	He and his staff are wonderful. His demeanor is more like a well educated friend and less like a &quot;I'm the dr so you have to listen to what I say.&quot; He helps you to make good choices about your health care by giving you options, educating you about the options and encouraging you along the way. He is professional but also personable. You will love him and his office staff like one of your own family. The only drawback is he is the only provider so it often takes a month to get an appointment unless it is on a very urgent basis. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	This man is a genius! He helped me with all my concerns, and I got to see baby on ultrasound SEVERAL times throughout my pregnancy. I highly recommend him to all my friends and family. :) If/When I EVER have another baby, he is the Dr. I will choose.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
8	-1	I sent my previous surgical record to him with my referral to get an appointment for a consult.  He told he when i finally got in to see him he hadnt even bothered looking at it to see what my my condition / problems are.  He also had no interest in reviewing any of my mris or xrays.  He really couldnt have been more disinterested.  Very disapointed.   What was the point. I have only one guess to that 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	What a great experience. I am evidence that this guy does not perform surgery unnecessarily. He referred me for an injection instead and that did wonderfully. His staff, Rene, is a wonderful, caring woman. She is on the ball. He fixed my urinary tract problems that had nothing to do with my spine. But, I asked about it and he responded with a prescription. He is a neoursurgeon, so do not go to him for other issues, but be warned that this fellow is a fantastic doc. and a human being. Be warned. You will be shocked. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	Have worked with Dr. Erickson for over 10 years. He's a great doctor and would love to go to him more.  But it's very tough to get an appt with him now the office has just gotten too big. The office staff is very unprofessional and untrained.  	2	2	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	This doctor diaginosed me with cyclic vomiting syndrom and came up with a treatment that works after 25 yrs of tests with no results or help. I have a very complicated medical history but as a GP he is much better than the Internal Medicine docs I saw. The only adverse thing I would say is he advised my husband not to treat his prostate cancer because old age would kill him first. Well, we know a few people that didn't treat and are now dead. We chose seeds and radation treatment and my husband is now cancer free. Anyway he is a great doc and I would recommend him to everyone.  	 7/29/10	5	3	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	Great doctor who saw me through back surgery, and cancer.  would recommend him to anyone who wants excellent care 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	-1	This physician puts patients on and off prozac within less than 3 months. i am in direct contact with a patient who has gone through this ordeal in approx 12 week and who has shown extreme mood shifts, irritability and erratic behavior. would not recommend this person for psych-related issues. doctor consulations went via phone; the patient did not see the doctor again after the initial visit. there was no proactive supervision from the doctor. 	3	2	3	1 	Insurance:Unknown
10	-1	Worst staff I have ever seen!!!! Rude arrogant, obnoxious, etc... The Dr. is great once you get past his hidious staff! Unfortunately for him as long as he keeps the staff he has, he will lose alot of patients and respect in the community, with is very unfortunate because he himself is wonderful.  	1	3	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Ellenson since January of 2009 after being diagnosed with Parkinson's Disease.  I find many of the office practices trying and frustrating, but Dr E himself is quite kind, knowledgable and professional.  Well versed on PD issues and is not afraid to make changes to medicine regiment when it is deemed necessary.  I am very happy and confident in his care however, office demeanor certainly could use a &quot;tweak&quot; here and there.  I am comfortable and this proves to be very important in dealing with this stressful condition.  I wholeheartedly recommend this physician for his outstanding ability and character. 	2	3	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	I reviewed the alaska state medical board. There have been no sanctions against Dr. Ellenson. He appears to be a very kind, intelligent doctor. It is troubling that a patient, who had financial issues with the office would post that the doctor himself was sanctioned by the board. That is not true.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	0	Arrogant and doesn't listen. He is in too much of a hurry to listen.  Please keep reporting these incidents.  I'm doing my complaint to the AK Board of Medical Examiners today!  Worse staff I have ever seen in an MD's office.  Rude, money grubbers!!  But remember they manage as the Dr's have insturcted.  	1	5	1	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	0	The almighty $$$ reigns in this office. Both The business office and office staff of Dr. Ellenson were extremely unprofessional , they shouted over the phone at my husband while He was attempting to find out why this &quot;medical practice was refusing our monthly payments, the next step was the Medical Practice of Franklin Ellenson &quot;fired&quot; me as a patient and turned my account over to a collections service. He was reported to the Alaska state medical board for His unethical behavior. After about 18 months, the State medical board phoned us the day of the hearing, he had been  sanctioned. I would never advise anyone on a fixed income to use this medical practice. Dr. Ellenson had told me my MS was progressive and then &quot;dumped me with in 3 months of the visit&quot; because my monthly check wasn't big enough...  	 7/1/10	1	3	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	1	I would NOT recommend this Dr. His office staff is horrible, I was &quot;fired&quot; as a patient by his office for not paying the balance of my bill fast enough. When my husband phoned his office about our payment of the balance of the bill, his office manager was rude, she called my husband a liar, then hung up on him. This after he gave me a dx of my MS status changing to a more progressive form of  MS.We reported him to the ak state medical board. It took sometime but he was sanctioned by the Ak state medical board because of his unethical treatment of myself. He refused to cooperate with the medical board by refusing to appear or communicate for quite sometime, it took almost a year for him to appear at his hearing. We received a phone call from the Ak state medical board the day he appeared before them for his hearing telling us that they had sanctioned him.  	1	5	2	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	-1	You pay BEFORE you get to see Dr. No privacy.  Rude staff and horrible manager!! Dr.  OK but if difficult diagnosis problem, IT MUST BE YOU!!!Go to someone else 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	1	My only true complaint is a lack of direct phone access to his office, and the difficulty getting a return call when trying to schedule/reschedule appointments and when asking medication questions.  Dr. Ellenson himself is an outstandingly knowledgeable and pleasant doctor, and I will continue to see him despite issues with office staff contact.  	2	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
10	1	WHAT A GREAT EXPERIENCE! He was knowledgeable, on time, and helpful BUT, moe important to me, he was kind, compassionate and showed a sincere sense of concern for me AND my family.  He is a true keeper! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	1	Dr. Ellenson is right on top of things.I have MG and he basically saved my life.Excellent doctor and i would recommand him to anyone.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
10	1	He was my Doctor in Oregon a Year before he moved to Alaska. He was very helpful when I was diagnosed with Multiple sclerosis, he gave me all the information I needed and answered all my question. He even visited me in the Hospital. Cant recommend him enough 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	Pleasant visits.  Answered my questions well.  Nothing negative to report.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
11	-1	My wife was admitted for Osteitis Pubis.  He had never expereienced this and instead of referring us to someone more knowledgeable he, as another Dr. put it, &quot;winged it&quot;.  Wouldn't trust his judgement on a hang nail.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	-1	This guy was dropped by workman's comp because he left my arm set crooked so that it had to be redone, and he totally ignored a torn ligament.  	5	3	2	1 	Insurance:Workers Comp
12	1	i loved her. she is an amazing dr. always on top of things and would reasearch anything i needed to know about that she wasnt sure of yet. i miss her soooooooooooo much and i wish that she was still there. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	I take my kids and my wife to her. She has a great PA, LPN and nursing staff. Very careing all female staff is very warm and family friendly. They are never overbooked and always seem to fit you in in a pinch. I would recomend this Dr. and her staff. 	4	5	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	Good doctor, never in a hurry and seems to listen and respond well.  Takes the time to explain options and recommendations.  Staff is very professional as well.  One poster mentioned she did not have hospital privelages.  Since CPGH bought her office I don't know if that is still true, but I would personally prefer a doctor that doesn't use that hospital.  Very few competent people at CPGH, I always go to Prov rather than deal with stupidity. 	4	4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	she is a wonderful doc she is honest and very helpfull, she trys to answer all your questions and not in a hurry to get to her next patient,   her staff is great and treat you like a good friend. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	0	Not very proactive in treating patients.  Has no priviledges at hospital therefore reluctant to admit patients as she can only admit 12 a year. 	2	5	3	2 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	The absolute best doctor I have ever been to.  This man is what a doctor is supposed to be.  Others should learn from him and his staff.  He calls you personally. He calls on weekends if he checking on you post op.  He takes awesome notes and therefore forget nothing.  Enough said.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
13	1	Took the time to fully explain my condition, my options, and exactly what would happen during and after surgery.  He and staff were both friendly and professional. Surgery went perfectly.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	1	The best. Excellent surgeon. Caring. Lots of experience.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
14	1	Sits down and talks with you.  Actually cares about his patients.  Asks questions and LISTENS.  Very glad I found him. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
