dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	I was happy with him, had a bad ear infection and he diagnosed it correctly and gave me proper meds for it.  I thought he was a good doctor and nice too. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	He is not Mr. Personality, but he knows his stuff and you can get in to see him whenever you want.  	5	4	3	4 	Insurance:Medicare
1	-1	. Very RUDE !!! Bedside manner SUCKS !! my 9 year-old daughter saw him this day and she asked him questions like is this scarlet fever going to make me die &#63; His response &#63;&#63; Look it up on the internet !! Wife asked about school for the daughter and her going to work (pre-school teacher) no answer no note for school or work, just a jerk w/a medical license 	3	4	1	3 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
2	1	. Fantastic! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	Great ENT! We were very pleased with how he worked with out daughter and her issues. He was always pleasant. To bad the office staff and partners make me never want to walk into his practice unless absolutely necessary. 	2	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	Dr. Parrish cared for both myself and my son; we both had tonsillectomies and my son had tubes and adenoids out. He was great during consultation and all the surgeries went well. His office staff is not very friendly but that's not his fault. 	1	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	. Very nice, very knowledgable! Would highly recommend! Great bedside manner! 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	EXCELLENT P/T. Worth her weight in gold. Explains everything thouroghly. Has an amazing staff. Friendly, professional office. Has an excellent exercise therapist working with her - Sandra.  WOW, what a dynamite team! Highly reccommended! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	Saw Dr. Parker for the first time (went to the same dentist for 22 years before moving here from Georgia) and left very happy. They took x-rays and not only did he have me watch him check them (and explained very clearly what was what), he even took pictures of any suspicious spots that showed up with a little camera. The pictures were displayed on a tv screen right in front of the chair. He was so thorough about showing me every little thing that it was very reassuring. I have heard horror stories of dentists saying you have cavities and need work where you don't just so they can milk the insurance company. I was not worried about that in the least here. Dr. Parker was very patient and answered every single one of my questions. The staff was very polite and helpful, even when I was &quot;that customer&quot; and had questions about every little charge since I'm new to being off mommy and daddy's insurance and have my own now.  :) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
6	-1	Doesn't know how to treat another human being who is suffering.  Only interested in himself.  Go somewhere else. 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
6	-1	This man treated me with total disrepect.  He did not listen, was not interested in my condition.  He was rude, arrogant, uncaring.  He was not knowledgeable about my diagnosis, and did not care about me. I wouldn't take my worst enemy's dog to this man. 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
6	-1	I don't know how this doctor is with other people, but it's my opinion that he is rude and unprofessional.  I would never go to him if I were sick. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	Dr. Pankow is my daughters' physician. He is not a pediatrician, but I feel very comfortable with his ability and knowledge. I feel extremely confident that if he were unable to care for my children, he would help me find someone who could. My two year old loves Dr. Pankow, and doesn't even cry during her exams. He is awesome, and I wouldn't hesitate to recommend him to anyone! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	Dr. Prevost was very helpfull in explaning what I needed to do for recovery and had a really good bed-side manner. Dr Prevoct is one of those people who is very approachable &amp; nice. I would use Dr Prevost again if needed.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
7	1	Dr. Prevost is amazing.  Not only was he insanely knowledgable but he oozed compassion.  After my surgery he not only provided his personal cell phone should I need to reach him on the weekend, but he also called to check on me several times.  His staff was super organized and friendly as well.  There is no one else I would let treat me.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	Dr. Prevost by far exceeded my expecations.  He was compasionate, and spent the time I needed to help me understand everthing that was going on.  His follow up was above and beyond what I expected.  I would recommend him to ANYBODY that was in need of orthoscopic/transplant services.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	. Excellent surgeon, compassionate, available to answer questions, patient oriented 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
7	1	Very good followup after surgery. I really appreciate his thoroughness and the fact that it shows that he cares about his patients.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	-1	. DOESNT FOLLOW TROUGH WITH HIS PATIENTS AFTER MAJOR SURGERY 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
8	1	Found her and staff to be very professional with up-to-date equipment and methods.  She has a dual practice so is only in town half the time but is not that big of a deal to schedule around.  The office is located in a central part of town which is very convenient.  She gets a &quot;thumbs up&quot; recommendation from me!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	0	I was encouraged at first, as the staff is very friendly.  However, the physician left it up to ME to choose the neurosurgeon I wanted to do my surgery.  I am new to the area, so I had no clue who is good or not.  Isn't that HIS area of expertise&#63;&#63;&#63;  Shouldn't HE be recommending a neurosurgeon&#63;&#63;&#63;  He went on a half an hour rant about how terrible insurance is - especially the insurance that I have.  Big deal.  Move on and just treat me.  On top of that, while the receptionist is nice, it has taken her 3 weeks (with four - yes FOUR - phone calls) to send in my referral to my &quot;terrible&quot; insurance company.  That is, IF she sends it today...  I'm very discouraged with them, and I would not recommend them.  I think I would do just as well treating myself.  	2	2	3	2 	Insurance:Tricare
9	0	took my son to this DR. Blunt and to the point, his office should be on the TV program &quot;HOARDERS&quot; In 50 yrs. I've never seen anything like it.Cluttered was not the word for it,filthy,and looking like an earthquake hit a library was more like it.I was told his &quot;family&quot; was his office staff which explains the 30'ish man I met when I arrived who came to the window in filthy unwashed clothes and had difficulty finding our appt.The front desk was piled high,approx 12&quot;or more with files,under neath one patient's file that was open on top,was a full spread out newspaper and part of someones lunch.There was not room on any surface in sight for a 3x3 post-it note.Narrow walkways through to the exam rm. with files,catalogues and paperwork stacked knee to thigh high making it a total obstacle course.I cancelled our appt.,told them why and left.There are other neurologists, we went down two floor same building and scheduled another appt. with a professional. 	1	5	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	I suffer from MS and have been seeing Dr. Pervier for almost 15 years and have been very satisfied with my care. He has helped me manage my chronic disease extremely well. His staff has always been on top of making sure my BC/BS &quot;Prior Approvals&quot; and prescription renewals are submitted ontime. They are receptive to communicating via fax and e-mail. The Doctor and I are about the same age and share the same general outlook on life so his bedside manner is fully acceptable. I like his somewhat non-traditional office setting and examination room - plays soothing music that is appreciated.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	-1	This man was easily the worst doctor that I have ever seen.  As others have said he is very arrogant, rude, condescending and seemed to go out of his way to make the examination hard on me.  I have ataxia and after getting on his examination table he pushed the stool which I needed to use away.  I'm not sure if this was trying to be sadistic or not.  In addition, he was only half-listening to anything I said, asking me questions that I had just answered a moment before. His office is very cluttered with a wide variety of junk (yes it's junk like &quot;dummies&quot; books, toys and other stuff).  I was surprised not to go into an examination room like with other doctors but that wasn't a problem.  If I had a choice I would never go to him ever again.  He barely glanced through the records of my prior treatments and I could almost hear his sneer as he pulled out what he termed &quot;the only pertinent thing here&quot;. He also didn't offer anything helpful.  IF YOU HAVE ANY OTHER OPPORTUNITY, AVOID THIS MAN 	3	4	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
9	1	I ADORE HIM.  The other reviews talk about his attitude, but it is mostly sarcasm.  He knows what he is talking about and makes sure that you understand your condition.  He was recommended to me, and I have in turn recommended him to others as well.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	-1	I don't normally like to do this sort of thing but felt it was necessary with this particular Dr.  I have never been more frustrated and felt more belittled by a Dr.  His office speaks volumes about his practice.  It is unorganized, the office staff walks around barefoot eating food.  They lose files, forget to request transcripts so you basically have to do their job for them.  The doctor hardly acknowledges you and will NOT return phone calls.  I'm pretty sure he couldn't care less about helping me.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Tricare
9	1	Dr. Pervier was very friendly and helped calm me down as he was performing a somewhat painful NCV test. He played soothing music and kept me relaxed while testing. All my follow-up visits where met with friendly conversation and the office staff (apparently his wife of over 20 years) knew me by name. Overall I would say he is very friendly but seems a little overworked, as he’s one of the few neurologists in town that accept Medicaid/Medicare.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	-1	This man was very arrogant and treated me as a non-entity. He was condescending and I constantly felt like he could not be bothered. I went outside the state for successful treatment. I would never recommend this Dr. for any reason. 		2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	Have had 3 children with 5 surgeries iwth Dr. Pulliam.  He knows his field well and is good with the kids.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	0	This Doctor is not really a very pleasant individual. His business practices are also questionable. I have dual insurance, very good insurance, and the business office still charged $300.00 above reasonable and customary. When asked why they were not really able to answer other than &quot;that is just the way it is&quot;. That is unreasonable as reasonable and customary is the universal  benchmark for payment. 	2	2	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
10	-1	Rude,will not let me explain symptoms. Didn't take me seriously, interupted me and treated my like a subhuman. When I was getting ready to leave, I stood to discuss further care (I was dressed)Everytime I would look at him he was stairing at my breasts. I'd look out the window while asking a question then look at him and his eyes where fixated on my boobs. Also,when I called for my inital appt.(referred by ER) the staff let me know I was not on PPO with them but since they were the only ones here in the valley my insurance would pay. They took my info over the phone and I thanked them for calling for preauthorization. AFTER my appt.they let me know I'm on PPO and they didn't call. Told me they didn't have my info to call. I DID give them my info over the phone. Why didn't they tell me this before my appt&#63; 	1	4	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	Dr. Pulliam was very good with our teenage daughter, who can be a very difficult patient. He Removed a cyst from her neck. He was very kind and gentle with her.  He is an excellent doctor! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	-1	omg what a joke.. better off googling WEB/MD.. cause thats JUST what he does.. dont go to the ER when he is working 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	Tyan is the most caring knowledgable person in the world.  I recommend her to the highest degree.  Her staff is a great reflection on her as well.  If you need chiropratic help, she is the best! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	Very punctual and professional. Everyone was friendly. They worked me in on very short notice. I work in healthcare and know good service. Mostly, I am very appreciative for his excellent work, I truly needed his expertise. Thank You to Dr. Paulson and others in his office. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	0	Spouse went in for some surgery. While the doctor was very professional, his staff was rude, mean, and have no business working anywhere. If Dr Paulson replaced his staff members with non-evil people, it would be a great place. Until then, I say, STAY AWAY.  	 3/4/09	1	5	3	Insurance:Aetna
14	1	Not a bad doc.  Sometimes rushed, and has her nurse give you test results over the phone with no details, but when you explain that you are a patient who wants to know the details, she does comply.  The practice has some great PAs and very skilled massage therapists on staff.  Very pleased overall with Dr. Peimann.  	5	5	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	1	I had my annual teeth cleaning with the doctor exam. I was impressed by the hygenist and her ability to get an efficient and complete job done in less than an hour. The doctor was polite and gave great advice.  	4	5	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	-1	This doctor accuses any girl child who has a UTI or yeast infection of being sexually ****ed. There are atleast 3 other cases plus my child who has been put thru rape exams, her family scrutinized by OSI and public authorities. All due to this doctors inability to focus on the patient vs being obsessed with sexual ****ation. This is all fact and can be proven thru congressional letters and case files.  	3	2	2	1 	Insurance:Tricare
17	-1	He is arrogant, rude and bossy.  Not interested in anything you say.  Thinks he knows everything and lets you know it. Constantly talks about how much he knows. Definitely would not recommend him or his staff to anyone.  He is at Abbott Family Dentistry.  He is only out for the money...not the care of his  patients. Wanted to charge thousands of dollars for unnecessary dental procedures that my new dentist said were not needed. 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	HAve seen Dr. Persons, but not for several years. At the time thought she was an excellent doctor. However the last couple of appointments, asking questions, I felt I was irritating her!&#63; 		5	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
19	-1	Office visit with 104*F fever, pulse oxygen 88, dying of what was later diagnosed as Acute Myelogenous LEUKEMIA, and she yelled at me to quit acting like an 11 year old all I had was &quot;if she had ever seen strep, this was it.&quot; even though she did NOT perform a strep test and I had already tested NEGATIVE for strep at the emergency clinic. 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	Dr Peters is one of, if not the best general surgeon in Anchorage.   He is kind, helpful to both his patients and their families 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	-1	 	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	Retired orthopedic surgeon, no longer practices in Kodiak.  Replaced by Dr. Alan Wolf. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	From the receptionist, Megan (sp&#63;), and the nurse, Brenda, to Dr. Pohlman herself, the office is professional and nice.  Granted, this was my first visit to a family doctor in about a decade, but Dr. Pohlman was very thorough and obviously a practiced listener.  She inspires confidence without a trace of cockiness or hubris.  I am glad to have found her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	1	Dr. Pohlman listens carefully and respects the opinions of patients.  She has been open and communicative to me, fully explaining why she wants to proceed with a particular plan for testing/care.  This allows a patient to be active in their health care decisions.  She is very empathetic.  I also respect that she is not quick to prescribe medication.  She tactfully discusses lifestyle options and preventative care. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	Dr. Pohlman seems very knowledgable and is conscientious and articulate. She appears rarely rushed and always instills confidence with her thoughtful and caring demeanor. In assisting my Mother through the last years of her life, I found Dr. Pohlman's care to not only be very effective but to exemplify the ideals I have of a Medical professional. Highly recommended.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
22	1	By far the best physician I have had in my 51 years. Caring, compassionate and knowledgeable. Takes all the time you need to get your questions answered. I highly recommend her! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	1	Kind, helpful, willing to go out of her way to help find low cost sources of medication, doesn't hesitate to look things up if she's not compeletly sure, willing to spend as much time as it takes to get to the bottom of the problem, I love her 		2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	Fairbanks is a far away community and its often hard to attract quality physicians to the far north.  But, we in Fairbanks are lucky to have Dr. Pender and I certainly cannot say enough good things about Dr. Pender and her practice.  The wait time for my appointment was very brief (I was in the waiting room only 5 minutes at a peak time of the day) and desk staff and assistants couldn't have been any friendlier.  Dr. Pender is very knowledgeable, took lots of notes on her laptop and seemed genuinely concerned about my needs.  My doctor was extremely informed about the condition I came in for and gave me options and answered my many questions.  I was impressed by her 'bedside manner' and her desire to help me better myself on my own as well as with medication.  I left her office feeling more empowered and knowledgeable, as well as hopeful for a better outcome with her assistance. I would highly recommend Dr. Gina Pender to anyone needing a quality, consciencous and caring physician.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	Great doctor. Listened to all my questions and was very compassionate based on my condition. She ask questions that I did not expect which really helped her to figure out the medications I needed. I would recommend her highly. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	Very helpful, answered all of my questions and didn't seem rushed to leave or anything. Knowledgeable too, and as personable as I want my doctor to be. Wish I'd gone to her sooner.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	I'm from the Detroit area and have found Dr. Pender to be every bit as competent as the doctors I experienced while living there.  I like the fact that she documents everything using her laptop.  She asks lots of questions.  Due to her note taking every visit makes sense in the treatment of the &quot;whole&quot; person. While she's not effusive, I've found her sense of humor is in tact and professional. I don't trust effusive people anyways... they gotta be hiding something! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	-1	I stopped seeing her after I went for an annual physical and she never even touched my body!  She spent the whole time on her computer, asking me questions that I had already answered before.  I had just turned 50 and I had to ask her whether I should schedule a colonoscopy, have blood work done, etc.  Frankly I was insulted by the waste of time and money I spent on my &quot;physical&quot; with her.  	4	3	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	Dr. Pender was helpful, informative,and thorough. She established a good rapport with me and went the extra mile to prepare me for upcoming surgery. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	Dr. Pender appears to be knowledgeable and caring.  She makes appropriate suggestions and encourages me to be proactive in my health care.  While she isn't effusive, she is nice and appears genuine.  TVC is a very busy clinic.  She's always managed to follow through on phoned in requests for prescription questions and requests.  Dr. Pender appears to be well-adjusted and does have a good sense of humor...again, she's not effusive.  I wouldn't be going to her if I didn't think she was capable.  I'm from Ann Arbor in Michigan and had access to some excellent doctors and I think she measures up to any doctor I've had in the past.  In fact, she spends more time than any doctor I've had with regard to questioning.  	4	5	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	I've seen Gina Pender three times over three years. Each time she was professional, polite, asked all the right questions, referred me to the specialists I requested, and was generally curious and helpful. She does not come across as warm or nurturing but has provided wonderful care. 	5	5	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
23	-1	Wanted to prescribe unneeded medicine. I suspect she got paid for this prescription.  	4	4	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	-1	Agree with Anonymous - 10/14/07    In addition: she prescribed me unsolisited birth control pills which were absolutely contraindicated to me due to age, weight and smoking. I believe she wanted to get paid by farmacists for this prescription. I guess she thought I will not be able understand the drug description due to my poor (then)English. She was extremely rude with me I think because I'm a foreigner. When she suggested I might have a tumor she didn't bother to make an x-ray but send me to Anchorage to endocrynologist (with 3 month waiting time, imagine!). When I came to see this endocrynologist he told me everything is OK and he doesn't know why she send me to see him. She didn't bother to ask somebody about this problem, sne easily made me to wait 3 months for the diagnosys! (probably she has no collegues to ask because of her coldness and unpleasantness).    In addition, she is a first doctor who will be offered to a new patient by the frontdesk if you call to TVC to make 	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	. Very nice took the time to answer my questions 	4	3	5	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	-1	This doctor does not like to be questioned whatsoever. She is the doctor and you are the patient with no brain. She wasn't too concerned about a serious illness I had. I had to keep calling to be seen. I ended up having to go to the ER for treatment when this physician should have been treating me. If you see a naturopathic doctor, don't tell this physician. She clearly doesn't think naturopathic physicians have anything to offer. This physician seemed to not understand some basic microbiology concepts, which concerned me. 	1	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	Is thorough in getting information from her patient. Is very prompt and on time. 	3	4	4	3 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	Very awesome clinic. Staff is very knowledgeable and friendly. I have been going here for 4 years and love it.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	-1	You can do a lot better. Dentist &amp; staff are poorly trained. There are confidentiality issues.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	-1	This doctor refuses to sedate a patient when performing an endoscopy. I will never use a physician that does that. He then bans you from the practice that he works for, because of refusing to have the procedure done without sedation. Never use this physician. He needs to be banned from practicing medicine anywhere.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Veterans Administration
26	1	Very good doctor, spends time with and clearly cares about his patients. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
27	-1	I was a patient of his for several years.  What a mistake!  He overcharged and then made numerous mistakes, one of which resulted in the loss of teeth.  He lied about his mistakes and needs to have his license pulled. 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
27	-1	Both my husband and I had terrible experiences at this office. My husbands tongue cheek and tongue were shredded by the drill and had to be on pain pills and antibiotics.  He was swollen for days with a hematoma from the injection. Dr Pauli yells at his staff and grabs things from them over top of your head. His hands shake.  He needs to retire! Don't go there! 	2	4	2	2 	Insurance:Delta Dental
27	-1	Went to him twice. What a mistake, both time he cut my tongue and cheek causing days of unbearable pain. He needs to retire! Oh! and yes he max's out your insurance in one visit! 	3	4	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	Doctor Pauli seemed very stressed, wasn't compassionate. Somehow he managed to max out both my wife and I's dental coverage with 1 visit($2000 each at 80%) somehow i still ended up paying around $1000 out of pocket.  While he was very willing and able to see us on very short notice, we opted for a different dentist for our future needs. 	4	5	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	The is clinic is a smooth running operation. From the time you check in to the time you check out, you are met by people who genuinely seem to be happy you are there. Dr. Pace is a skilled doctor and his reputation throughout Alaska is sterling.  Glad to know I am being cared for by a team of winners! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
28	1	Excellent staff, caring and helpful. Dr. Pace is so smart and talented.  he is just a plain &quot;good guy&quot;.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	-1	. I truly counted on and trusted this Dr, but after 3 very dissapointing surgeries, went elsewhere only to find that the wrong size parts were used, now it seems it will never even be as good as before the first surgery 	2	1	2	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	1	Dr. Pairmore is always friendly and professional. He's always availible for questions, even when he's busy. His staff is always willing to walk you through any of the excersies and makes everyone feel respected and special. Dr. Pairmore remembered me even when I hadn't seen him in a year. He picked me out of a crowd to ask me how I was.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Providence
29	1	He is great!!  Very caring and helpful!  Not over-bearing at all and really listened to what I had to say.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
29	1	During my visit I felt that I was treated very well.I would absolutely recommend this doctor to my family and friends.  I felt this visit was an amazing success!Overall I would rate this visit : outstanding! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
30	-1	I have seen this dentist over the past several years and I have finally had enough.  Poor service, bad fillings, and a non-gentle bedside manner to say the least.  There seems to be poor communication between the office staff and the dentist and he frequently moves between patients.  The time alotted for the appointment is usually exceeded, but not for time spent in an actual procedure.  Often it is spent waiting to be seen or finished with. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
30	-1	was grossly overcharged after being told a figure half as much would be the charge. Same &quot;cleaning&quot; experience as previous reviewer. Office staff poorly trained and a lot of tension in the office between dentist and employees. Very poor quality work and no recourse when I complained. Would not recommend this provider. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
30	0	Nice but does not provide great service. He decided to do a VERY quick cleaning himself right after new patient exam and charged full price ($90) for about 2 minutes of scraping and brushing. Assistants were very unprofessional and seemed untrained, i.e. taking x-rays unnecessarily and incorrectly (I was still charged although it was in the wrong spot). 2nd visit was no better. 		5	4	2 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	We miss Dr. Pope in CA.  I echo the sentiments of the previous review and have been a patient for six years.  I always felt like she was thorough, listened carefully, was respectful, and didn't rush me.  I felt remembered and well-cared for.  I highly recommend Dr.Pope and I hope she thrives in her new home in Alaska. 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	0	Excellent doctor that I saw for a number of years. However, she would not support my disability claim and I had to find another doctor that would.  	5	5	3	3 	Insurance:Aetna
31	1	Myself & my children have been patients of Dr. Pope for nearly 9 years. She is, hands down, the BEST doctor I've had since my childhood pediatrician. I've never waited an unreasonable amount of time (15+ minutes) to see her, & if she's ever even 5 minutes past my appointment time, she has apologized for being late. What I love about Dr. Pope is that she really, truly takes the time to listen to what I have to say. I know she has lots of patients, but always feel that my time with her is unrushed and that I'm a human being to her, not just another &quot;case&quot;. Many times, she's done extra research on something for me & called me later with her reccomendation. She has also gone out of her way to make sure that my children feel comfortable during their appointments with her (our daughter breastfed thru most of her first year visits & Dr. Pope just examined her while . She's very supportive of breastfeeding, and of patients who do their homework and take an active part in their own health care.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
33	-1	Secretary was very rude and could not make travel arrangements, my husbands pain medicine was cut off and he was told to go find another Dr. Dr. Perez was also very rude about it and sided w/ peggy.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:AARP
33	1	Dr. Perez is a unique doc.  one day great, other times rude.  helpful but then pissy at you cuz of his staff didnt do thier job right.   overall good doc, better than most in this crap town.  just gotta keep asking why that procedure or test has to be done, sometimes i think they just want to money.  love the pill machine in the lobby.  	4	2	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	-1	The dr was rude, came into the room on his cell phone talking in spanish.  Took 2 minutes of my time (I timed it) to finish his call, then looked at my chart and said &quot;You have a cold huh&#63;&quot;  HE HAD THE WRONG CHART I was there for a sprained wrist.  	5	4	2	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
