dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	Have seen Dr. Baker for several years, for asthma.  She is very thorough, knowledgeable, and professional.  She is always willing to answer questions and discuss any problem I might have.  I would recommend her to friends and relatives, without any reservations.  	5	4	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Medicare
2	-1	Nice guy but if it isn't a straight forward issue he is lost.  Doesn't listen to you or your family members and has terrible rude staff.  	1	1	1	1&nbsp;	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	1	I use Ak. Care Wells Fargo. Never a question or problem with billing. Dr.Barnes has done more for me than any doctor. I was injured in 1998. I have been lots of places including being denied by Mayo clinic and Alaska Spine Institute, but guess what&#63; Dr. Barnes is fixing the pain. We are working one more problem, and I feel he can fix it too. I cannot say enough. I have been to hundreds of docs and clinics including all the pain clinics in Ak. except one. I only got temporary relief. What a guy and a great staff too. In clinic lab is a time saver and relief. Lab techs are impressive.Barnes office is not a pain clinic. they are just listeners and react to your needs.  I love that guy. Bill Zeddies, 907-892-8763 	5	5	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	Dr Barnes is a wonderful caring doctor, he takes time to answer your questions and concerns, He was wonderful when I lost my insurance coverage, He waived the cost of needed blood test, which he paid for himself. Alot of his labs are done in house to save his patients money. He adjusted his fees for visits to an amount that we could afford and accepted monthly payments, as my husband is now unemployed.(his job was eliminated) I have medical issues which prevent me from working. Because of the high cost of my needed medication, over $1,000 a month high co-pays when I had insurance, He provides me with samples, for all the meds he had available, and continues to do so. He is a wonderful caring person. I feel blessed to have found him. If you are in the Valley and are looking for a good caring Doctor consider Dr David Barnes he is in the AIC building 950 E Bogard Rd, Ph 376-2868 My husband and I will be forever grateful to this wonderful caring Doctor.  Thank you Dr Barnes, Debbie Chapman 	4	5	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	1	Dr. Barnes is a consummate professional. He takes the time to listen to my concerns, and responds to each one individually. 		5	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	He is goofy but  upbeat.  His knowledge and understanding of my finger was great.  He had to amputate a portion of my finger  He was very positive and even called me personally to check up on me.  He understood my concerns of loosing a nail and portion of my finger and gave me many alternatives to think about.  It sounds silly to worry about losing a small portion of a finger but he really empathized with me and didn't make me feel stupid for the way I felt. 	4	3	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	This guy is great and really knows how to adjust. He has about 29 years experience in the field... Bob 	5	4	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	Dr. Boston is a great doctor in my book.  Although I do not go to the doctor very often.  I find him to be helpful, supportive and in good humor all of the time.  I think perhaps there may be little tolerance for folks who frequent the doctor because something 'must' be wrong when perhaps nothing is.  I know as an educated person I may develop an intolerance for 'chronically' challenged people. For instance, if you smoke like crazy and have lung problems, quit smoking and if you don't plan to quit smoking then don't waste a doctor's time...  	5	4	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	Great doctor, will spend time with you to make sure all questions are answered.  Very knowledgable, very thorough.  Staff is very helpful. 	5	5	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	He met all my needs and answered my many questions.  Not in a white coat or acted like he was better than me.  Seemed like a normal guy.   Staff was great 	5	4	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Medicare
5	-1	This DR. is being fined by the state medical board and is on probation.  Look him up on the state medical board for details.  He lets his staff sign his prescptions.  If you pay to see the Dr. he should dispence your medications not the staff. 	1	3	1	2&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	Dr. Boston has been my physician for several years and I have always been impressed by him. He has alway taken the time to learn about my health concerns and suggest appropriate course of action.  	5	5	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	Dr. Boston is awesome.  My father was transported to me in Palmer in November, 2007 with multiple life-threatening disorders.  Dr. Boston was highly recommended locally and also recommended by Dad's attending physician in Petersburg, Alaska.  Within several months, with attentive and extremely detailed care, Dr. Boston has stabalized Dad's health and improved his quality of life.  Dr. Boston is knowledge, thorough, communicates well, his thorough care continues and he has made the ultimate difference in Dad's life.  Dr. Boston remains focused on thorough treatment of his patients.  I highly-highly recommend Dr. Boston. 	5	5	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
5	0	&quot; Better than other doctors in the area&quot; sound a Little arrogant.  There are many fine Doctors in the area. 	3	3	3	2&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
5	0	My husband was treated by Dr Boston and he has a blood disorder that has been looked into at the CDC and Hospitals in Maryland.  He also goes to the Tribal Health Center. Dr. Boston did not get as involved and try to help as much as We have needed.  I thought he should showed more intrest.  My husband is still looking for help. 	4	3	3	3&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	I'm very impressed with Dr. Boston's thoroughness and professional and pleasant demeanor.  I'm very surprised by the negative remarks I read here about Dr. Boston and his religion because I saw no such bias in him at all and in fact found him much better than most doctors I've seen in our area. 	5	4	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
5	-1	I had high hopes for my visit and I left with the same problem I came in for no answer was given. I feel I was not in his eyes worthy do to not being a Morman. And he judged me,  and I am a good person.  Now I am sick and have to start over with a new Dr.  He should be a healer and not bring his personal opinions of a persons worth to the office.  I have talked to 4 other people with the same experience.  And we are all decent,non drug using,people.  Also good paying pts.  Since he is so Pias he should remember &quot; Judge not least ye be Judged&quot;.  	3	1	1	2&nbsp;	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Bell's for 25 years.  Dr. Bell is a really caring and kind doctor.  He listen's to you and has a great sense of humor.  I recommend him to anyone.  I have had a few surgeries by Dr. Bell, all which went according to his plan.   He wears pink and purple ties too :) 	4	5	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:United Healthcare
6	1	Dr Bell was wonderful about listening to my concerns and did a marvelous job with surgery.  Two of the main office staff I had to encounter along the way, however, is the reason I won't go back unless I need another surgery and don't find a better option.  When hormones were making me feel crazy, I didn't need condescending office staff to add to my stress.  Two other staff I encountered, though were as wonderful at Dr. Bell.  I recommend Dr. Bell as a doctor, but don't recommend the office as a whole. 	2	5	4	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	Very good doctor.  Answers questions. Lets patient be involved in decisions.  Gentle manner. 	5	5	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	Great doctor....Always prompt when returning calls. Helpful staff.  	5	5	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	1	Dr. Bell delivered my 4th child who was born with a very serious birth defect.  Dr. Bell listened and acted on my concerns when things weren't going along as they had in previous pregnancies.  He was very calm and reassuring during a stressful delivery. He was always prompt and returned calls promptly.  I highly recommend Dr. Bell.  	5	5	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Aetna
6	1	Dr. Bell took me as a new patient in an emergency situation. He got me in within only a few mintues. Very few doctors do that these days. He made me feel very comfortable in a very unpleasant and frightening situation. Being new to Anchorage, I was not looking forward to finding a new ob/gyn. I'm thankful that I happened apon Dr. Bell. I recommend him highly.  		5	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Lumenos
6	1	Dr.Bell was the best. He listened to all questions, answered them fully, gave awesome advise, kept up on all details of my condition, and saved me. His bedside manner is perfect being polite, curtious and very funny. I would trust him with any advise and any procedure. 		5	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	She is great!  Smart enough to make a complicated dianosis & helped me end a long-standing problem.  	2	4	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	I have only seen her once. Good job. 		5	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	My family has gone to Dr. Don Burk for nearly 30 years.  In all that time we have received gentle, caring service. Now, with the addition of Dr. Guy Burk and Dr. Ham, the practice has even more wonderful dentists and their staff... as always, is exemplary! 	5	5	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	1	DR. Burk's staff was outstanding i had my teeth cleaned by there Hygienist Jazz very nice lady and my exam was done by DR.Jessica Ham another wonderful professional and i will be a return customer ...my experience was great. 	5	5	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	Very helpful staff. Accepted my insurance. Dr. exceeded all my dental needs. They follow up every 6 months. Saved me from having root canals in the future, thanks to Dr. Jessica Ham! She was gentle and professional. Definitely a long term dentist for me. 	5	5	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	has been my dentist for 30 years. very good and great prices. 	5	5	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	Bill is one of the best doctors ever! He really goes above and beyond....I trust him woth my kids....he has saved both of their lives.  	5	5	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
9	1	Bill Bell is a quality physician and he is a true professional.  Only one other doctor in Homer equals his knowledge, experience, and ability to provide help.  	5	5	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	He is a good doctor that you can trust, I have always felt very comfortable with him. If you need a good honest doctor in the Homer area he is your best bet. 	5	5	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
10	-1	Nice man with good bedside manner but he could not read my MRI and make a diagnosis. A neurologist in Seattle had no problem reading and diagnosing my problem with my vertebrae and the nerve problem. MY local GP referred me to a specialist who was an expert with MRI's. Bursell needs more training in my opinion. 	1	4	1	1&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	Very knowlegable, very kind, sympathetic manner, listens, staff is very professional as well. Would highly recommend this doctor. 	5	4	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	Dr. Bursell firgured out my diagnosis when no one else could. He is the smartest doctor in Juneau.  		5	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	1	 	4	4	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	I've been to many doctors and healthcare offices throughout the years, and am therefore very hard to impress.  Dr. Bilan and his staff are among the most welcoming and professional folks I've ever dealt with in the medical community.  I was very anxious about going to a chiropractor for the first time, but all of my fears were alleviated during the first visit.  Not only is there bedside manner extremely competent, but their applied care and techniques are top-notch too.  I highly recommend Dr. Bilan and his associates. 	5	5	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
13	-1	Very bad attitudes from all the people in the office. Dr. wouldn't provide my records of the breast exam for my post pregnancy check up. Didn't send my bill to my insurance, went there for a year straight no one ever said anything to me about a bill, sent me to collections. My insurance would have paid it in full if they would have received it from the Doctor. Tried to talk to them about me and they kept hanging up wouldn't call back and said it was my own problem now.  	1	1	1	1&nbsp;	Insurance:Medicare
13	0	After ordering a mammogram, someone from the office called to tell me that the results were 'bad', and I needed to schedule another mammogram right away.  This was not correct, and had I not gone to the office to get a copy of the report, I would have had an unnecessary test.  the report ACTUALLY stated that I EITHER needed additional tests, OR the pathologist needed to see my old films to track if there were any significant changes. The office staff had films sent to their own office by mistake, and refused to release them to me.  Even after the sender (a hospital in Pittsburgh, PA) and Mat-Su Regional (the intended recipient) requested them, and sent HIPAA approved release forms with my signature, they sent them back to Pgh.  This delayed my diagnosis by almost a month, over Thanksgiving holiday. They were rude, nasty, and unprofessional.  I will NEVER deal with them again.  I am considering legal action.  	1	4	1	4&nbsp;	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	We brought our son in to be seen after a head injury.  We really appreciated this doctor and his knowledge.  He was wonderful with our toddler and I would bring him, or anyone else for that matter, to see this doctor.  He made a potentially scary situation (for new parents!) a lot less scary. 	5	5	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
14	-1	this emergency physician stereotypes individuals who have pain issues, whether chronic or acute. he will tell you that he does not believe in the use of narcotics in an emergency room setting. he lied to me, and about my regular physician and caused me a great deal of problems. after a great deal of research on my part, i have resolved the issue in my favor. everyone doesn't have the wherewithal to do what i did to clear myself of wrong-doing. this is for them. stay away from this guy if you can.  		1	1	1&nbsp;	Insurance:Medicare
15	-1	. (Rating under review)	4	5	1	1&nbsp;	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
16	1	Very skilled in neurology-based chiropractic treatment. Patient and good listener.  	5	5	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:United Healthcare
17	1	She was great! Good bed side manner. Outlined all the options. Compassionate! 	5	3	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
17	0	I guess you can say she is good in her field. I went to her for a lump biopsy. I was having trouble with a very heavy period, large blood clots and quite a bit of pain so I asked her about it. Her answer was it was probably menopause. She didn't tell me to get it checked out. 2 weeks later I saw my regular provider for a pap test. 3 days later I found out I had cervical cancer. Thank heavens for my nurse practioner. I have been cancer free for 14 years. 	4	3	3	3&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	Good doctor.  Reputation with professionals is excellent.  	5	2	5	4&nbsp;	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	I am a breast cancer survivor going on 9 years.  I continue to see Dr. Bleicher on an annual basis.  Sure, sometimes the wait is long but she gives every patient all the time they need with her.  She has an excellent bed side manner and her office staff are caring and professional.  I feel fortunate to have such a highly skilled doctor looking out for me! 	5	4	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	Excellent physician. Answers all questions. Have never seen her on time, although she is worth the wait! 		1	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	Dr. Bleicher is very knowledgeable, graciously answers endless questions, and is a fine surgeon. 		3	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
18	-1	Dr. Brown has a terible bedside manner and is inclined to be judgemental and cruel. It appeared that he felt any complaint about pain was a prelimiinary effort to obtain pain medication, which he apparently feels is a moral issue rather than a medical one. He hasn't hesitated to resort to name-calling, yelling, and humiliation of any patient he feels is &quot;drug seeking&quot;.  Nor does he seem to be bothered by the possibility of missing a real diagnosis due to his callous and often cruel treatment of any patient falling outside the narrow definition he has of what constitutes a &quot;real&quot; problem or need.  I expect that someday soon, Dr. Brown will find himself on the receiving end of a malpractice or slander lawsuit. 	3	3	1	2&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	Wonderful Dr.  Spent time on exams and LISTENS! Also, he had several options for my treatment.  	3	5	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	1	I had my first colonoscopy by Dr. Boisen. He seemed very professional, highly knowledgeable and caring. His skill level was impressive. I highly recommend him.  	&nbsp;8/27/09	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
21	1	Dr. Bryant is a SUPERIOR doctor. He CARES.  He took care of me and the birth of my first daughter back in 2001 and to this day I still think about him and the way he was with me and my family.  I wish he were still my doctor, but I moved out of Anchorage.  Trust me when I say that this doctor will take GREAT care of you and your health.  	4	4	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
21	1	Excellent doc; not exaggerating to say I owe my life to him. He also has twice correctly diagnosed things going on with me that other docs misdiagnosed, one of whom was a specialist. I would send anybody to him ... but he refuses to run a modern in/out fast-as-can operation and is not taking new patients right now.  Staff could be better, but which is better, a great doc like him or a great staff and a crummy doc&#63;  No contest.  	3	3	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	1	I received honest, excellent, care. Doctor Blais and his staff treated me exceptionally well throughout my visit. 	5	5	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	I recently became a patient of Dr. Blais' and the quality of care I receive from him compared to the care I was receiving at the two local clinics is like night and day.  He listens to you and asks questions, he has called me after work at night to go over test results, and he's not afraid to do research if your symptoms don't quite jive. He's like one of those t.v. doctors solving a mystery. I was not very happy with the retainer fee either, but he came with such a high reccomendation that I thought I'd give him a try. I'm glad I did.  He's worth every penny. I do agree that the office staff is a little slow to turn things around, but they get the job done eventually. I wouldn't go anywhere else.  	3	5	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	1	sometimes appointments are hard to get, even as an established patient, but its well worth the wait. dr.blais knows how to talk to people and how to solve problems even with just a hint of symptoms and is always right on. hes a smart, deticated, funny, caring doctor, and even with this new retainer fee, his services are worth it. 		5	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	Dr.Blais is only dont what he has to do to support his family, just the same as everyone else in this world. He started his own business and everyone in his clinic comes before himself. He is one of the most honest doctors that you could ask for, and one of the most caring as well. He's worth the 300 dollars extra a year, if only Fairbanks had more doctors like him. 		5	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
22	0	Dr. Blais now charges $300 a year, just so you can say he's your doctor. He said this is to make up for the poor reimbursement from Medicaid. It is difficult to get return phone calls or medication refills. Even in appointments, Dr. Blais makes comments like &quot;I have to pay for this place some how. &quot; 	&nbsp;7/13/06		3	3	Insurance:Medicare
23	1	 	5	5	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	For the specific concern I had, she was a great choice. Friendly and I was not uncomfortable. As far as cost of the appointment for someone without health insurance, I found it reasonable compared to other offices out there. If I had to, I would go to her again and would recommend others to her. Overall, positive experience. 	5	5	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	Has been my doc for over 20 years, she totally rocks!  Professional, friendly, smart, on-point, you have to love her. 	5	5	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	Excellent doctor.  She listens and cares. She is not judgmental and helps you achieve your health goals. 	3	2	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	I really like Dr. Burke. She takes lots of time to talk and find out how you are in every aspect of life. If she needs to refer, she does so. I like her a lot! 		4	4	4&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	I enjoy the fact that Dr. Burke will take all the time YOU need to explain things to you and will answer any and all of your questions. I find her to be extremely helpful, knowledgable and in possession of a wonderful bedside manner. 		3	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
24	-1	She made me feel like I was less important than her life. I was sorry for what she was going through but she made my health issue's seem unimportant.  Maybe thing's have changed&#63; 		5	1	1&nbsp;	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	1	Wonderful and compasionate doctor. Great long term relationship. If she can't fix you,she'll refer you to the right specialist.  		5	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	He retired three years ago. One of the best doctors in Anchorage. We were sorry he had to go.  	1	2	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	Some days he cares, some days he doesn't. 		1	3	4&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
26	-1	The worst doctor you could ever have. DO NOT go to him. He will give up on you. If you call his emergency number, and explain your situation, he will give you a smart remark and tell you that he can't see what's wrong with you over the phone. Not a caring person.  	1	1	1	1&nbsp;	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	1	fantastic mind, and kind.  Best Dr in Alaska 	5	5	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	Brilliant physician blesses small town Alaska 	3	3	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
28	-1	 	1	1	1	1&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	Very caring, insightful and &quot;up to date&quot; in delivery of health care.  	5	5	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Tricare
29	1	My mother is 92.5 years old. He and his wife, Dr. Mignon Benjamin have cared for her for 10 years. They are both dedicated, caring and concerned physicians. They are responsive to her needs and that of her family. I could not ask for better care from the doctor or staff.  	&nbsp;8/27/07	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
30	1	Dr. Bergren is one of the most exceptional physicians I've ever encountered as demonstrated through his knowledge, compassion, dedication to quality care.  Rushing through appointments is NOT his style as he takes conscientious observations all the while helping his patient to feel at ease and to share concerns.  I trust him wholeheartedly with not only my own health but also that of my 5 children and spouse. 	5	5	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	Very knowledgeable. I thought he did a very good job of explaining my condition and gave me treatment options to fit my budget. I would recommend a friend to him.  	5	5	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Delta Dental
32	-1	Terrible, once he got the $100,000.00 from myself and insurance he didn't want to help or do anything anymore.  Aftercare was horrible, would NEVER use him or recommend him to my worst enemy!!!!  Very rude and hard on his wonderful staff.  	5	3	1	1&nbsp;	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	-1	omg what can I say.. I totally agree with the posters, this man is horrible. I have been treated like crap from him, after surgery he poked and prodded me with everything in sight, sent me to pt numerous times to no avail, now he is digging straws and trying to place blame to other things besides his own mistakes me made on me.. GO NORTH... trust me, your life is worth better then him... dont do it.. trust all the posters here.. 	5	4	1	1&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
32	-1	He has no idea what he is looking at.  My husband was seen several times by him, every time he didnt want to talk to us or he even said, Why are you here, theres nothing wrong with you and its all in your head.  my husband went to his orginal doc in florida and that doc rushed him into surgery due to his spine being so unstable.  dont go to him, go south or north.  he isnt worth the money.  	2	1	1	2&nbsp;	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	1	It sounds like some people have confused concern and confidence as arrogance. Dr Bozarth was EXTREMELY helpful before, during and after my surgery. The attention to detail was refreshing from a Doctor. At times he was a little short with me, but it was from a place of concern and wanting to make the right decision, not of arrogance. Dr Bozarth made me feel relaxed and confident both times he's worked on me and I've had two family members he's worked on who felt the same. I know that this Doctor could be making his living in Southern California or any other major populated area and we are extremely lucky to have a doctor like this in little Juneau.  	5	5	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	1	My experience with Dr. Bozarth has been totally positive. He answered all of my questions and all of the questions my worried father had after surgery. Dr. Bozarth came and talked to me before surgery and twice after surgery and I only stayed one night in the hospital. I was scared to death to have surgery, but he was kind and patient explaining everything and my surgery is a success. I'm able to return to work and live my life again.  Thanks, Doc! 	5	5	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	-1	I could not agree more with the post on 3/2009 , This doctor's arrogance get's in the way. I believe it's gone to his head the fact that he is the only Orthopedic Doc. in Southeast. Once he was paid I was forgotten about. I still live in pain more so than before the surg. now I am told its part of the surg that I will have to live with forever.  Had I known that I would have been on the first jet! 	2	4	1	2&nbsp;	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	-1	I am flabbergasted by the first two posters, and concur with the majority. I have found this physician to be one of the most arrogant I have ever encountered. He responded with what can only be described as resentment when politely asked to outline all of the treatment options. I had the same experience previously mentioned: when I asked what the plan would be for post-surgical pain management, he responded that he was the surgeon and my family doctor would have to be responsible for 'all that.' Complete disregard for anything but his part in my care as, basically, a mechanic. I headed south for my surgery and didn't look back. I can see it was a wise decision.  	3	3	2	2&nbsp;	Insurance:Aetna
32	0	Called me a &quot;medical mystery&quot;  told me he was a medical detective, and that people came to him after many othere doctors could not diagnose problems.  Found abnormal CNS reflexes and had MRIs of entire spine + CT scans.  On reviewing results, he was rushed and unprepared, and dismissed me as being &quot;fine&quot; because he could find no abnormalities.  I found him unprepared, and he &quot;forgot about&quot; important findings that he had earlier told me were significant (herniated cervical disc) - at first it was serious (this MIGHT be the cause of your symptoms, but I want to look further), but now since he forgot it was there, it too was &quot;nothing.&quot;  I left feeling like I had helped pay for their scanner, and had only a cursory and very rushed, on-the-spot review of the results (&quot;Let's look at these results together....which means &quot;I've been too busy to get to this, I'll just rush through now, since my other rooms are all full and I need to get you out of here!).  Do yourself a favor - go outside.  	4	1	2	4&nbsp;	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	1	.  	5	4	4	4&nbsp;	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	-1	Soon as he was paid,i was forgotten about.The pain is still there.Juneau hasn't had a back surgeon until now.I should of gone south,my mistake 	&nbsp;8/5/07	3	4	1	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	Previous comments about Dr. Bozarth are completely true. I've been a scoliosis patient for many years (of another doctor) and Dr. Bozarth found an abnormality that my original surgeon did not. And it's a serious issue too so I'm pleased with his knowledge and his bedside manner with patients. He is caring as well; he called me to discuss results and then had me in the next morning at 8:30 am to discuss in person. I highly recommend this doctor.  		5	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Tricare
32	1	this is one of the best Doctors visited, in our lives, very very impressed, and get this... no arrogance, none, unbelievable....an absoulute pleasure. kind, not rushed, speaks to you w/ care answers your questions, does not just say how are you then turn to walk out of the door.... and all of this in a little town of Juneau. doc u rock... 		5	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	Her speciality is asthma in children and with 2 out of 3 with asthma I feel very comfortable with her being my children's doctor.  She's very personable and truly cares about childrens health. 	5	4	4	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	Fabulous doctor! Very knowledgable, and caring.Follows up the next day, if needed. Available for questions with her nurse.  	5	5	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	-1	Very little understanding of infants and children. Poor bedside manner. Very little comprehension of medical and developmental issues. 		3	1	1&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	Dr. Butto is always very happy and has a ton of energy. My 2 girls love her. My 3 year old pretends to be her when playing with her doll. When I have a question she always answers it... and the after hour help line is very good also,I used it alot when my first child was sick....Thanks Dr. Butto for all that you do... Sandee 		5	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	1	Dr. Bernard is a good doctor but yhe office staff is awfull. They are rude, don't respond to questions and treat patients like they are a major inconvenience. Check out the ratings of Dr. Cohen, a patner in this office, and you will see sinilar comments. 	2	4	3	4&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
34	-1	This doctor has such out dated surgery procedures that I would never see him again.  If your discs aren't bad enought to remove and replace he is worthless.  He can't help me because he doesn't know how.  Go to the Back Institute of California if you want a real neurosergeon with non-tramatic procedures to help relieve pain and get you walking again.  My sister went there and I was with her...she came out of surgery and was walking and out eating dinner the same night.  Dr. Dittsworth has the advanced ability that Dr. Bernard does not have. Dr. Bernard has no answers for me including help with pain or suggestions.  Waste of my money and I will make sure the doctor who refered me is aware of this doctors lack of non tramatic back surgery.  	4	1	1	1&nbsp;	Insurance:United Healthcare
34	1	The staff and Dr Bernard in my opinion were fanominal! I am making another appt. to hopefully get more work done. I trust Dr Bernard and would/have told other people about him! I would not see another surgeon for the issues that I need to have attended too. I was up and about w/in a few hours of having my necked fused...  that was 4 yrs ago and I have not had any issues and it tool away at least 75% of my headaches~ 	5	4	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Aetna
34	1	Dr. Bernard is a very soft spoken, compasionate physician.  My sister was his patient, she had renal cell (kidney cancer) and ended up with 2 brain tumors. She went through the radiation treaments but they had little effect on the tumors.  She began having seizures and we were told she didn't have much longer.  Dr. Bernard reviewed her case and determined he could remove at least 1 of the tumors and they went into surgery the next morning.  About 1-1/2 months later he removed the second tumor. That was almost 2 years ago now and my sister is still here to tell the story.  Dr. Bernard gave us our sister for more years than we ever thought possible because of his great knowledge and skill in the operating room. 	4	5	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	You may not remember me.  You treated me and also my sister for PTC and Chairi Malformation. I really appreciate all you did for me when you were Chapel Hill.  No one can compare to your knowledge and bedside manner!! My sister and I miss you very much!! 	5	5	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	i love behrens, i think she is an amazing doctor. iv seen her with 2 of my pregnancy's and the last one we ended up loosing the baby in the second trimester. she was unbelievably amazing with dealing with it and very professional. iv had complications in the past and she always made sure that the baby would be checked for things my other kid that passed away had. i recommend her to everybody i know that is pregnant and will continue to do so.  	5	5	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
35	1	She is fantastic. People that complain about her bedside manner should see a midwive or check out eharmony.com... as a doctor she is incredibly smart and genuine. My family and friends and myself have had no problems with her. I like a professional who listens and knows what she's doing.  	4	4	4	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
35	1	She does have an ultrasound machine in her office and is very pleasant and knowledgeable. 	5	5	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	 		5	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
35	-1	Not helpful at all. Does not even have an ultrasound machine in her office. Dismissive, abrupt, and does the least she can possibly do. 		3	1	2&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
35	-1	Dr Behrens is more concerned with liability than quality of patient care. She practices what is safe for her not what is best for her patient and consequently had a high cesarean rate 		3	1	1&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	He IS a wonderful surgeon  ....................... 	5	5	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	Had an appendectomy from Dr. Boling and it went very well. I had a traumatic experience in a hospital when I was younger but didn't have any problems with Dr. Boling as I usually do. He is friendly and concerned. He performed the surgery in just as much time as he said it would take and I was able to get up and walk out of he hospital in 3 days even though my appendix ruptured and I had to have a full open appendectomy to get cleaned out.He also didn't charge me for the laproscopy which he performed but didn't work. There was too much going wrong with my abdomen for the laproscopy to be effective but all the doctors warned me they wouldn't know anything until they got in there to see how much damage there was. In my book, he is a good surgeon and great doctor. 	5	5	4	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	Great doctor had hernia surgery and the operation went great. Awesome Doctor. 	5	5	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
36	-1	He did hernia surgery on me. Very horrible experience, all kinds of complications during and ever since. He had to make many repairs to the damages HE did while he was doing simple hernia repairs on me. I was under hours longer than planned and I had no idea what had happened to me. I went home and was in pure agony. I looked at my stomach and had 4 additional incisions bigger than anticipated; an all and all nightmare. I am still in pain off and on from the repairs he did. He tore a six inch gash in my stomach lining that I paid for financially and physically. 	1	2	1	1&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	He was quick (I needed that) and through, but did not know about my condition and how to treat it.  He admitted that and referred me to a specialist.  HE SEEMS TO CARE.  	5	5	5	4&nbsp;	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
37	1	After years of ineffectual and poor service from my previous doctor I was pleasantly surprised when Borhani came on board to our remote clinic a few years ago. She is thorough and caring. I have been misdiagnosed twice for serious conditions but Borhani took over and got me the tests and referrals I needed for two conditions of which one was life threatening. Also when my last doctor did basically nothing for my required physicals Boprhani has given me me last three physicals of which I can only compare with the intensive ones I got while in the Army. She is very good and dedicated to serving me as a patient. Her bedside manner is straight forward and professional. She tells it like it is and gives top notch advice and best of all, she listens to you and your concerns. She's the best clinic GP we have in town. 	5	5	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
37	-1	extremely rude, unknowledgeable, of very important patient, past & new medical, when asked to review scans had between appointments brought in, refused, Scans were from two different Doctors, showed medical problems, cysts & worsening of osteoporosis, also brought in were scans for comparrison from three years prior showing problem was there since, & was missed by prior Doctor. Doctor acted like i had lost my mind, to bring in,any medical myself, would not read & completly missed them on the computer, very rude ,to the point of humiliating . 	1	4	1	1&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
37	-1	 	1	4	1	1&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	This woman is wonderful. She saved my baby's life, and then called to check on us every week (6 weeks total) that we spent in the NICU at Providence Hospital. She has always gone out of her way to help us. I knew that if I called with a problem or question that she would make sure we got help. We wish we never had to leave her (we moved away) and would highly recommend her to anyone. She has a very calm and soothing demeanor and an excellent bedside manner, even in times of great stress. Very caring woman and a great doctor. 	4	4	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
39	-1	I saw the dentist beginning 2010 and the staff seemed sincere and caring. That quickly chamged as I had questions and/or concerns and wanted to speak to the dentist directly. I would be assisted in the beginning with no hesitation and then treated the worst ever by all persons. The state they are there for you and then say it's an issue.  My partial was cheaply made and my rebuilt tooth broke and yet it was my problem.  They seem to be only about the money. I would not recommend these folks to anyone because what they saw isn't what they do and It can be somewhat confusing. I was so totally dissatisfied and had thought about fighting the whole mess, but don't have the energy. So sad about my visits, the work and the people that work there, but of course, pertaining to the dentist . . . you have an issue with them . . you have an issue with me.  So sad how they work as people need to be accountable for their actions.  	2	2	2	2&nbsp;	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	-1	I have gone to Dr. Burtch for several years - his staff changes have been a little disappointing - the knowledge with insurance and procedures really need to be worked on. I would recommend this office for the convience of living in Palmer, but do your research on your insurance before you go in. Good luck.  	3	3	2	2&nbsp;	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	1	I was doing research on Dr. Burtch and his staff - after reading the above review I was appauled that someone would write that about such a wonderful office.  I have been going to him for 8+ years and have never seen any of the above mentioned behavior. I do know there has been staff changes this year and his new staff is younger and learning. The past staff was very professional, knowledgable and always caring about everyone who walked in the door.  Sounds to me like a disgrunteled worker wrote a horrible review on and employer to get back at him and his staff.  Shame on anyone who beleives it. 	5	4	4	4&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
39	-1	I stopped by this office to schedule my family's first appointment in Febuary of 2010. I had to wait in the lobby for 10 minutes while listening to the front desk lady going on and on with another female employee about the sexual orientation of one of the other male office staff members. The crude remarks were so offensive I was left speechless. After listening to this type of conversation going on behind a coworkers back I could not possibly trust this office. I left a message on the office phone requesting the doctor return my phone call and have yet to be contacted. Very disappointed. 	1	1	1	3&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	Dr. Beneditti has been fair, professional and upfront with all of my options.  I have followed his instruction and am without pain today.  	5	5	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	1	Dr B. is awesome, he has done two anterior total hip replacements one 6 months ago and one a year ago (51 year old female). I've never felt better. He is very informative,knowledgeable and has a great bedside manner.  I have very little scaring and was up walking the day after my surgery with help of a walker and walking on my own without any help 4 weeks later. I can't even tell that I've had surgery. The office staff is awesome too. Would recommend him highly.  My husband is going to have him do his knee surgeries. I had already met my deductible before each surgeries.  	5	5	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	1	Great docter, he knows what hes doing. I would recommend him to a friend.. slightly rude on the other hand. 	5	5	2	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
40	0	Very Rude... I would never recommend to a friend.. He made some rude comments about a close friend of mine.. They needed something for pain and he made a really rude comment. You must  be nice to your patients.. if your not then find a new hobby. 	3	3	2	3&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	Before anyone cuts on you, background checks should be done, or so I feel. Dr. Benedetti has an impeccable reputation not only with patients, but also among his piers and the hospital. He is honest with you about the usual outcome of the procedure. He's an excellent surgeon, doctor and administrator. He also has a pretty good sense of humor. I would recommend him to my closest friends and family. 	5	5	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	I was faced with a possible amputation, and Dr. B gave me my options without bias opinion. I called a number of doctors and they all agreed an amputation was the best way to go. I saw Dr. B again in the hosp and told him I decided to for the amputation. He said (only after my decision) that I made the wizer choice. I appreciate his professionalism, and I felt quite confident going into the operation. He's a fine doc.  	5	5	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Coventry
40	1	Nicest staff of any office in Wasilla.  Loved Dr. Benedetti.  He was kind and caring.  He tells you right up front what he thinks.   I'd use him again in a heartbeat!! 	5	5	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	1	He is very skilled. The staff needs improved patient skills and accuracy 	1	5	3	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
40	0	Dr. Benedetti said it would be five or six thousand. He didn't tell me the bill for the operating room would be $14,000.00 alone. He had to of known the hospital charges for the use of their room. He made it sound like it would be six thousand at the most. His skills are good, I just feel that I was pushed toward a surgical procedure that I could not afford. 	4	5	3	3&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
40	-1	I sought care  (ssecond opinion) from another doctor and am now banned from their offices except for emergencies 	1	5	1	1&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	He delivered my daughter C-section - he is the best - never, ever had any problems with the surgery, SO MUCH so that I was able to deliver my second daughter vaginally. Absolutely the best -  I have kept track of him all these years - my daughter was born in boston, MA  in 1978.  Here I am rating him.   THE BEST!!!! 	5	5	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Aetna
41	1	Great surgeon!  Great explanations of what to expect with my surgery, what he would do.He's knowledgeable. Funny.  Kind.  This man made it possible for me to function again.  I work in health care-- I know a good doctor, and he is one, promise.  My surgery was a year ago after living with multiple, massive fibroids for years-- something my OB neglected to mention, despite my yearly complaints of pain and excessive bleeding.  By the time I found  Dr. B, I was nearly anemic from losing so much blood on a daily basis.From start to finish, my experience was superlative.I was unable to return to work after 4 weeks and Dr. Bo basically said &quot;you tell us what you need&quot;.  This doctor encourages and supports--gasp!--a woman listening to her body and getting what she needs to function well.I cannot recommend Dr. Bogojavlensky highly enough.  If you need any sort of gynecologic surgery, please try to see him for an opinion, as he specializes in minimally invasive techniques. 	5	5	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	Dr. Bogojavlensky welcomes medicare patients. He is very nice, attentive and is able to make accurate diagnosis. He is not trying to sell you anything.  You will not be disappointed! 	5	5	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Medicare
41	1	. Very knowledgeable, experience, kind and helpful! One of the best in town! 	5	5	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Medicare
42	-1	I went into the ER & waited 4 hrs to be seen. Dr. Brooks came into the room & wouldn't listen to me & rudely interrupted me.She said why are you here&#63; I explained.She was rude,eyes were bugged,non concerned,disrespectful.I've have never been so humiliated in my life!!Or treated so badly!Then I realized I was not going to get any help for the extreme pelvic floor pain I was having.I was so upset and my blood pressure was already extremely high from not feeling well. I expressed that I needed a pelvic floor ultrasound.She said well that isn't going to happen at this time of night.I went into the ER at 7 p.m. & was finally seen at 10:04 p.m.The nurse Cece came in as she knows I was treated poorly to calm me down some & explained she wished she could help me but she works directly under Dr.Beatrice Brooks & she obviously doesn't deem my situation as a medical emergency.Turns out I had a horrible bladder infection.Dr. Brooks was short with me and very unconsiderate & non sympathetic! 	1	1	1	2&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
42	-1	I found her to be extremely unprofessional, after waiting for almost an hour for Dr.Brooks to return to check on me I looked out the window of my room to see her joking in the nurses station with one of the nurses. The fact that I could barely breathe hardly seemed to concern her & I felt as if I was seen as just another burden on her time. I would rather die than have to depend on Dr. brooks as a physician - and yes, it was that bad. 	1	1	1	2&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
43	-1	He tends to act like a know-it-all and speaks his opinion as if it's fact when second opinions have proved otherwise. I don't like being treated like I'm stupid by anyone, especially one who is supposed to help me through such a difficult time. I will not be coming back and unless you're as hardened and skeptical as him, I would not recommend him.  	5	3	1	1&nbsp;	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
43	0	Maybe he knows his job, but he suggests procedures that you don't really need. I paid a lot of money, but my problem wasn't resolved. I went to see another doctor and he helped me without surgery. I would know he is like that I wouldn't visit him. Oh, and his nurses never call you back. So, you basically just guess what' s going on. I don' t think it' s right.  You have to notify your patient,because you work for me, I am your boss and you have to represent a good service!!!! 	2	2	2	3&nbsp;	Insurance:Banner Health
43	1	He was ordering fertility tests and suggesting treatments that were unnecessary and unlikely to help according to the next doctor I went to. His nurse made several mistakes like forgetting to call in prescription and ordering the wrong blood test.  However, he was friendly and helpful.  	3	3	3	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	1	Had the pleasure of meeting Dr.Briggs in Baytown,Tx.He was doing his best to help me with the RSD or CRPS in my left ankel.I still have the problem but not for lack of trying on Dr.Briggs part its just so hard to fix. this problem.Dr.Briggs is a good doctor ad recommend to anyone. 	5	5	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	I find Dr. Briggs to ba a very knowledgable Podiatrist.  I had a stess fracture in my left foot and did not know until I was seen by Dr. Briggs.  He Came into thee room I was waiting in, greeted me, smiled, and asked me what seems to be the problem. I told him about the pain in my foot and he began applying slight pressure to different areas of my foot.  He then told me we are going to take some x-rays. After he looked at them there   was nothing visible.  He stated that from the swelling and soreness it was typical of a stress fracture.  He theen presccribed a boot to wear for 3 weeks and celebrex for 2 weeks. My foot is now fine. Dr. Briggs is a very pleasentand caring Doctor 	5	4	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	I originally went to Dr. Heilala at the Alaska Foot and Ankle Specialist because he'd been recommended by a co-worker.  As mentioned in other posts about Dr Heilala, his bed-side manner needs improvement.  After my bunionectomy, I had 3 follow-up appointments with Heilala, but he was &quot;too busy&quot; and I was assigned to the &quot;new&quot; doctor - Dr. Briggs.  Dr. Briggs was fantastic.  Knowledgable, patient, empathetic, interested in what I had to say.  So a year later, when I still had issues with a condition that Heilala did not fix, I went back - but had Briggs do the surgery.  I'm very pleased.  	&nbsp;10/15/09	3	4	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	1	Dr Burger was my mother's doctor for almost 30 yrs, prior to her death in 2004, he even made two house call to check on her. Compassionate&#63; I think you looked the word up in the dictionary you'd find his picture under the defination. You ever hear of Burger time&#63; The reason he's never on time is because he spends so much time with each patient. Knowing this all I did was call the office and ask them when I should bring my Mother in. His office staff, you can not find more caring compentent women.  Dr. Burger is very knowledgable about the elderly, what he did not know he called collegues across the country trying to find the answer and treat my Mother illness. I only wish we had more Doctors like Doctor Burger.  	5	2	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
45	1	Outstanding internist. very up-to-date with medical knowledge. aggressive treatment of chronic problems. Not afraid to prescrine medicine. Be prepared for appointment delay - try to get one in the AM when there is less delay. Charges small retainer fee - probably flexible.  Unforturnately close to retirement - who in AK could match this guy&#63;&#63; 	4	3	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Aetna
45	-1	This doctor lacks the compassion, patience and understanding of working with the elderly.He was my grandmas doctor and he never showed up when he was suppose, his appointment times were always late. He seemed to be very mesmerized about the elderly or gereatric medicine. My grandma had serious health issues and he blew them off most of the time.When grandma got put in the hospital here and had several strokes, he was very rude and said alot of hurtful things to my mom who had taken care of her mom for over 50 years.Those things were unprofessional and never should have been said. What a poor way to conduct a practice.This doctor lacks compassion for the family of the patient he is caring for.  The doctor the three people are talking about above is a mystery to our family, we never saw his heart the whole time he was the doctor for grandma, i am frankly glad he is full for patients, we wouldnot encourage anyone to be his patient! 		3	1	1&nbsp;	Insurance:Medicare
45	1	Best Doctor I have ever been too, listens and will work to resolve a medical problem until it is solved. Takes more than suffient time with you, there is never a feeling of being rushed,and I don't think any of his patients worry about the punctuality because we know when we see him we will have his undivided attention for as long as it takes. Sorry he isn't taking new patients because people are probably missing out on the best Dr. in the whole wide world, but so glad he is our Dr. 		2	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	Dr Burger has been my physician for nearly 15 years. He is one of the best docs I have ever had. 		4	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	Also specialist in infectious medicine. Probably the best overall doctor in Alaska and quite possibly in the whole country. Can't say enough good things about him. Utterly devoted to his practice/patients, highly personable, spends a lot of time talking with his patients, explaining and answering questions, extremely knowledgeable in a wide range of areas. Works 16 hour days, 6 days/week. Generally not on time because of all the things that make him a truly great doctor. Not seeing new patients as he barely has time for all the patients he currently has - at the level of quality and service he wants to provide. Off the charts on this rating system! 		2	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	We found Dr. Bartling just as our lifelong Dr.  was retiring and he is quite a blessing!! 	4	5	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
46	1	He is the best doctor I have ever been too, I am currently seeing him for my second pregnancy and have nothing but the highest praise for him. 	4	5	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	Extremely knowleable and professional.  Very helpful and with a human touch, that now a days is a rare.  	5	4	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
46	1	Primary care physician for Denali Center, great with his residents, extremely efficient and punctual, no-nonsense and competent.   One of teh very few doctors that will help people on medicaid/medicare that are in Denali Center 	5	5	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
46	-1	Afer a random prgnancy drug screen was performed Dr. Bartling falsified a report to the state office saying my 5 panel drug screen came back as positive for methanphetamine. I was using sudafed at the time which causes a false positive for possible anphetamine use, not meth specifically he then went on to accuse me, in front of witnesses or selling controlled perscriptions to buy illicit street drugs. 	1	1	1	1&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	Dr. B is a great doctor - always willing to take the extra time or find the answer to a question. I would recommend him to anyone.  		4	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
47	1	I had periodontal surgery (and was not looking forward to you.) Dr. Boyce and his staff were great.  I was particulaly impressed with their efforts to explain everything and not cause any pain.  The follow-up care was just as impressive. He shared the name of his favorite golf pro when I revealed an interest in some lessons...  	5	5	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
47	1	I was actually 20 minutes late to my appt., Dr Boyce and his staff took me right in.  He explained fully to me what the procedure was going to be.  He described to a &quot;T&quot; how I was going to feel after surgery, he even check on me that night to see how I was doing.  Dr. Boyce is very professional, calm and knowledgeable.  I would recommend him to anyone that needs oral surgery. 	5	5	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	I love working with Dr. Bosveld. He was our family doc when we were kids and I have a gain found him in adulthood. He is conservative in testing but wonderful in checking out what is going on and treatment. I have found him to be wonderfully helpful and easy to work with even in a crunch. 	5	5	5	5&nbsp;	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	Has been our family physician for 34 years.  He is very easy to talk to and willing to give you his time.  He is conservative and will not order excessive tests if not warrented. The medical advice he gives is practical and easy to understand.  As expected for a family practitioner he will often refer to a specialist.  	5	5	4	4&nbsp;	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
