dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	I got my prenatal care here, and I felt that this doctor was very kind and patient, listened to questions, gave answers, spent as much time as needed.  Very kind to patients in pain.  However, he probably treats a lot of patients, so don't expect him to remember you from one visit to the next.  	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	1	I think he's a good doctor. We switched from the other &quot;popular&quot; doctor in Soldotna who is terrible. Dr. Deede is a good listener and spends as much time as you need. All doctors offices seem to run behind- they have to schedule people tightly because there is a doctor shortage in Alaska. Doctors are people too.  	3	3	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	-1	Rushed through exam, treated me like a number instead of a person.  Not satisfied with the results of my visit.  Not sure if he knew what he was talking about in my case.  I don't think he listened to everything I said.  	 4/13/08	3	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	-1	Doesn't respect confidentiality, poor supervision of his staff,  medical records are not maintained accurately.  	1	2	2	2 	Insurance:Medicare
1	-1	Records are incomplete and inaccurate. I didn't know my parents were dead! 		1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
1	0	Has what I like to call &quot;Dr's Ego&quot;, but does take time with each patient.  		2	3	3 	Insurance:Aetna
2	1	She is funny and personable, I had to repeat my visit and she did not charge me! I feel comfortable with her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
2	-1	This doctor only prescribes drug nothing else.  She does not even refer you to a specialist to find out what's wrong with you. 	1	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
3	-1	Dr. Craig Doser along with my exwife wrote papers up for a restraining order on me cause i was in a state of shock that my 13 yr old daughter tried to commite suicide. I should sue them both on the grounds of defamation of character , all because my exwife didnt want me there and told the staff that i had a angermanagment problem , which has never been legally proved. Todays date is july 7th , 2010 . 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
4	0	During my visit I felt that I was treated well.I would most likely recommend this doctor to my family and friends.  I felt this visit was some help.Overall I would rate this visit : good. 		4	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	Friendly, knowledgeable, schedules follow up tests in problem areas and contracts patient with results. 	3	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
5	-1	don't know if the doctor is competent or not. But the Tannana Valley Clinic he works at is a nightmare. I've waited 2 months for a referral to be sent out after having dropped off the details not once, but twice, seems they lost it, twice. Was suppose to have an appointment at 1140 was told by phone it was 140 so showed up at 140 and was told had missed appt didn't know when they could see me next. was suppose to have a blood sugar test for diabetes, so I fasted, showed up, took the test. The results: hey, my cholestral is ok. They never ran the glucose test. Needless to say I am no longer going there. Don't know if the problem is the doctor or the clinic, don't feel like sticking around to find out.  Can never reach a human being, though they have a front desk staff of 12 and The doctors are assigned way to many patients to keep on top of things, or something like that 		3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	1	I am writing from when I used her as a doctor for my children about 4 years back. I cannot write on how she is doing currently as I use a different doctor now. However, back then .. the wait times were close to none. Both her and her staff members were always nice, and answered all of my questions.  	 3/4/09	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
7	-1	I had broken my finger while 7months pregnant. He put a blood pressure cuff on my arm so I would not have anastesia because of pregnancy,so I was fully awake. After putting a pin in my finger that was too large, he starts exclaiming...&quot;oh, Oh @$%&*!I put the wrong size in!!! I started panicking and fidgeting on the table due to his on going comments. After afterwards he orderd Physical therapy for my finger whick lead to Osteoarthritis. I can no longer bend my finger. When I went back to him for corrective surgery after bending my finger trying to get more motion, I inevitabley gave myself a mallet finger tip. He said it was caused by hitting the top of my finger...that does not make any sence! He refused to work on my finger again.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	1	I fell and broke my femur, ankle and messed up my knee.  It has been a very difficult 3 years, with 4 operations and a final one coming up.  Dr. Duddy is excellent and knowledable, but if you want to be coddled don't look here.  He is no nonsense and expects you to take the right steps.  Follow his directions and you will do well.  He does not over medicate which I like.  I am walking and that is pretty special due to how messed up my leg was.  Can't wait for the next month, Dr.  Duddy has done a great job for me! 	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
8	-1	I was injured and taken to Providence by ambulance. Unfortunately for me he was the orthopedist on call. He operated on me but the outcome was less than successfull and I almost died on the operating table. What should have been a routine procedure turned into a nightmare for me and my family. I saw him for several followup visits but stopped seeing him because I felt he was incompetant. 	4	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
8	-1	Dr Newman did my bilateral knee replacement. I had an absess form about 4 weeks after surgery. Dr. Newman was not available so I saw Dr. Duddy. He told me to wait and see. The next day it was alot worse. Dr. Newman told me to get in right now and he would see me on his lunch hour. After he lanced it it was almost 1/4 inch deep and put me on heavy duty antibiotics. I don't know how he ever partenered with Dr.&#63; Duddy. In my estimation this man should not be a doctor. Everyone I have spoken to patients, doctors and nurses roll their eyes when I ask what they think of him. 	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	Dr. Duddy and his staff went above and beyond to get me an earlier surgery date. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	-1	I was hurt on the job on 1/29/10 out of all days, i was referred to Dr. Dud by the ER, had a MRI taken and it showed a L5-S1 herniated disc. I had surgery a month later, the DUD told it would be a 6 week recovery at 2 weeks he told me i needed to return to work and stay of the pain meds. I explained to him that the pain has gotten worse and I had ED dysfunction due to the herniated disc protrusion, It went one ear out the other also the nurse case manager was present and she wasnt any help, matter of fact she was taking up space, the Dud didnt even listen to me. Then i went and got a 2nd MRI and the results were worst than before the surgery. I took the initiative and got a lawyer to look for possible malpractice. I wouldnt even let him do surgery on my worst enemy.Some of these DOCs need a reality check that they are not the one in pain the patient is.  	 5/7/10	1	1	1	Insurance:Workers Comp
8	1	Dr. Duddy took the time to listen to me and answer all my questions.  Friendly &amp; kind.  I would recommend him to friends/family.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Providence
8	-1	Arrogant &amp; rude. Afraid Dr. Newman may have rubbed off on this M.D. 	1	2	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
8	-1	I saw him for a torn meniscus. Hr assured me it would take about 20 minutes and I would be fine in 2 to 3 weeks. The operation took 2 hours and 15 minutes and he &quot;regret to inform I removed 80% &quot; you will need a new knee within 5 years.A month later I still could not lead with that leg to climb 2 steps to my doorway. When i returned for a checkup I told him my thigh was all bloodshot. he said i might give you a cortison shot. He would not look at my thigh. After some discussion he had a helper put a full lenght brace on my leg. His name says it all &quot;he's a DUD &quot; 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	-1	I got MRSA and the hardware he put in my leg was rattling around unsecured. He repeatedly refused to take out hardware. Another surgeon opened my wound and said the hardware just fell out, that it should've been taken out much sooner. The intense pain was much more decreased after that. 	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	Dr.Dingeman is very personable,especially if you have a dry since of humor.His nurse Kristi is very warm and caring.Dr. Dingeman will answer all questions you have and give you websites to visit if you care to.As far as him being on time,he is the best but,you better have a few extra minutes cause he wants to find out everything and he is very thorough.Dr.Dingeman also usually has a story or joke.I can not say enough good about this man. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	Simply the best.  Takes the time to listen to his patients and really get to know them.  He relies on common sense and knowledge rather than prescriptions and surgery.  He will do surgery and order x-rays/MRIs if necessary, but not as a first step or a default option.  Him and his staff are courteous to their patients and seem to really enjoy their jobs.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	. He is a doctor you can count on to do the right thing, not what is going to make him the most money 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	Doc is a great. Help me out and tells me averthing 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	FYI = Partner Mary Downs is his sister, not his wife. Wayne is a good doc. takes time with patient and admits when the brain stumps his brain. But he is always willing to try new things (or old in new ways,) and sometimes it works. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Downs for many years.  He listens and takes my concerns under consideration when making suggestions for my treatment.  He is always responsive and prompt during any neurologic problems I might have in between appointments.  Overall a very honest and concerned physician.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
10	-1	I accompanied my brother-in-law to every neurological visit he had (he also has Aspergers Syndrome and I'm a pre-med student, so I was the natural choice in the family). My BIL has had seizures since he was a child, and had recently moved from Florida. On the 1st visit, Dr. Downs completely changed the seizure meds. He did do it in the normal way, weaning off slowly while weaning on the new meds slowly. However, the drugs he switched my BIL to were the very old, tried-and-true seizure meds that hadn't worked for him in the past (we told him that and he had copies of his medical records). Long story short, the change in meds resulted in a manic attack that landed my BIL in the psychiatric hospital (API) for 2 months! The diagnosis when he got out: Manic attack due to the drastic change in meds and lack of sleep (also due to side effects of meds). The more research I did, the more I was questioning the though process of this doc. He wasn't BAD, but this makes me question his judgement! 	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
10	-1	OMG I was sat in his room, him across on his stool reading my paperwork for 15 minutes, then proceeded to poke me up and down my leg with needles asking me if I feel it.. like duh, NO feeling, but thanks for drawing blood all over me with the needles.. HE  ordered tests UNRELATED to what chief complaint was for last 1 1/2yrs.. and now WONT answer questions or CALL me back.  I found him rude and not helpfull at all,  said to us.. I have NO clue why or what.. well duhhhhhhhhhhhh its written in front of you in my records..  his response to us &quot; well you dont check the radiator for a flat tire&quot; wtf 	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
10	1	Good at involving me in decisions. Gives me choices in treatment instead of just telling me what meds he is putting me on. Listens to my concerns. Noticed some people find him rude. I think he also has neurological conditions that could be taken as rudeness, but think his eye rolling and fidgets are neurological. I try not to judge those traits as I am seeing him for similar issues. He is blunt and opinionated but not to a point that offends me as some other patients. Been seeing him for 8 years and will continue. He orders tests to make diagnosis and rule out other conditions. Does not hesitate if he thinks an issue is beyond him and you may need another specialist. 	5	1	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	Dr Downs does a fine job. Certainly medicine can often be as much art as science. I have an undiagnosed challenge that has to do with migraine and he was familiar with ideas, theories and treatments other doctors were using successfully and made recommendations accordingly. For the most part, my treatment has worked for me and I'm grateful for it.  	3	4	4	4 	Insurance:Aetna
10	1	Very kind and patient.  Takes his time with you and explains things in terms you can understand. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	Insurance billing great. Nicole, asst., is great at helping with any problem. Dr. Wayne is your typical Neurologist. He is a wonderful, caring man, but a bit odd. But arent we all. They say neurologists are odd. I dont know for sure. He is the best at spending time with patient, asking questions, etc. If doc does not know, he will find out. He brought up a doc from Seattle to help with cases he was puzzled about or felt needed more minds. Who does that&#63; Dr. Downs, that is who. Some folks complain about punctuality, but you know what, when your time comes, he will stay with you until you are satisfied. So what if he is running late. It is not like he is wasting time. Good man. 	5	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
10	-1	A very strange man. Does not help you. Not knowledgeable. I have seen him twice. Not going back. We need better doctors in AK. 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	Dr. Downs suffers from migraines too. Over several years of treatment, it is easy to tell if he is having an bad day, medicated or having a difficult time concentrating. He is an excellent doctor as long as you understand his issues and work around them.  	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Aetna
10	-1	This man is rude, disingenuous, not at all caring or knowledgeable, and a total waste of time and money. He bad-mouthed other physicians in the most unprofessional manner and tried to undermine the good judgement of another physician... He tried, with no sound backing whatsoever, to throw out the valid results of a test which, had I listened to him, could have cost me my vision. Wayne Downs is a ridiculous excuse for a physician. 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	I was very impressed with Dr. Downs.  He was careful, considerate, and thoughtful.  He explained why he was doing the examination and why he was ordering further testing.  I would recommend him without hesitation. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	Although I still don't have any answers as to what is wrong with me, Dr. Downs is an extremely thorough and intelligent doctor. Yes, he is perhaps &quot;quirky&quot; compared to some doctors - but I guess I like quirky people. He spent plenty of time listening to my theories and answering my questions, and he didn't treat me like I am crazy or overreacting (which I have experienced with other doctors). He ordered every test under the sun to rule out any possible conditions. We are now taking a wait and see approach to things and I will definitely go back to him if I need to.  	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	1	Dr Downs is very professional and straight forward.  He is very blunt about what the prognosis is and what action is neccessary to control / solve the medical problem.  I noticed some folks who rated dr downs did not appreciate this but I for one do.  I do not want my doctors to blow smoke up my !@#.  Dr Downs gave me my options on medication and has been my doctor for 10 years now.  I am very pleased with his service and of his staff's service.  Unless Dr Downs moves or retires I will continue to use him as my physician.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	1	not much to say except very patient and thorough. He was late but realized it was do to the time that he spends with each patient. Everyone gets the time they need with him...great doc! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	-1	Strange man....did a mass of tests on me to find out what is wrong but still dont have any answers, wants to treat the symptoms now and I just want to know whats wrong.  I didn't find him rude, just very, different.  He does slouch, yawns, rubs eyes alot.  I could take this (and the expense!) if he could only say what is wrong with me. 	4	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	Dr. Downs is a great doctor. Staff is very helpfull. I would recommend him in a heartbeat to my family and friends. He seems to listen and diagnosed me properly. Great doc, great staff, great practice. Thank you Dr. Downs.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
10	-1	Dr Downs&#63;&#63;&#63; Is he really a doctor&#63;&#63; He was very unprofessional, arrogant, uncaring, rude(told my elderly mother to &quot;SHUT UP&quot;), LOOKED LIKE HE HAD JUST GOT OUT OF BED. Can in and flopped on down pn the table & stool practily laying on the floor, legs sprawled over the floor. Acted weird like he was in another world flipping a pencil & chewing his gum. Noninformative.  He gave the impression I was wasting his time being there.  He was irritable.  He didn't examine me.  At one point I thought he was asleep.. I wouldn't recommend him to treat anyone, not even my dog.The office help doesn't help patients in wheelchairs with opening door or leaving.  The staff was rude.  He never did find out what the problem was with me. Nor did he care.   Very vague in diaignosis 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	-1	dr. downs was the referral neurologist for my migraines. he is a poor listener and does not appear to like people. actually told me that i was taking away his valuable time from the seriously injured. perhaps his wife, in joint practice is nicer&#63; obsessive compulsive&#63; probably good if you are uncounscious from a stroke or surgery. i left worried about him more than worried about myself. brusk, rude, etc.  	2	2	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	1	Dr. Downs is an excellent provider and I would recommend him to my family and friends in a heartbeat! He was able to figure out my medical diagnosis and I believe that he saved my life from further problems. He was very thorough and an overall excellent healthcare provider. Thank you Dr. Downs! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	0	Dr. W. Downs office staff is helpful and responsive. I was disappointed with Dr. W. Downs in his lack of assisting patients direct and decide their own care. A little more education would be helpful to patients. 		4	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	When I was misdiagnosed by several doctors and thousands of dollars sent by unnecessary treatments  it was Dr. Tom that went over and beyond to assure me that he will do anything possible to assist me. He and his staff are amazing. I had been going to a different Chiropractor for years however after meeting Dr. Tom and his staff I can't imagine going anywhere else.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
11	1	It was a car accident, so I paid nothing.  Have been to many local Chiropractors- some have helped, others not at all.  I heard great things about Desalvo, and was very suprised at the top quality very effective care.  I could tell he cared and for once didn't feel like I was being crowded in with as may patients as he could fit in! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	I always recomend him to everyone. He brought me back from a place of despair to where I have a pretty normal quality of life. I totally trust him with my well being. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	You know you will be in good hands when a friendly golden retriever greets you upon entering this office!  Dr. DeRamus is exceptional---kind, knowledgeable, and thorough.  As a visitor to Fairbanks, I was distraught when I developed a worrisome eye problem.  Dr. DeRamus saw me very quickly and solved the problem.  I only wish he practiced in the Phoenix area.  I highly recommend him (and I have seen a lot of retinal specialists in my 63 years).  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	1	. Great doctor - very thorough but most appointments run late 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
12	1	Dr. DeRamus saved my vision.  It took many sessions of laser treatments, which were made tolerable by my complete faith in his care and by his care for me not only as a patient but as a human being.  His work on my eyes has been praised by many opthalmologists.  He is a wonderful physician of the highest capability and talent. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	I had the privilege of working with this pediatric practitioner for several years. Punctuality admittedly sometimes an issue because of his thoroughness, desire to treat child and family as unit, and sincere caring. Has strong values, often a &quot;plus&quot; but for some, could conceivably threaten. Hard worker, aware of staff, excellent practitioner. 	5	3	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	-1	I happen to know the original poster, and the child was under the care of several doctors aside from the broken arm incident. Doctors are only required to report suspected abuse... so clearly he suspected something was amiss here. That doesn't make it all better that he was wrong... something is off with this doctor. I won't see him; I've heard odd things about him a couple of times enough that I will avoid him. 	2	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	I am non-commmital, but read this and had to discuss this practitioner-whom I am familiar with. Pediatricians need to report any slightly suspicious injury, and often report true abuse that others failed to. Having practiced as a pediatrician, I have seen childhood &quot;accidents&quot; unreported prior to their suffering severe brain injury from abuse. Pediatricans are obligated by state law to report any accident that MAY be abuse(even if abuse is less likely than not)to OCS. I hope this child's surgery went well-and I do understand the families angst and anger. I just wanted to clarify with the family that most cases we report are not abuse, and overreporting certainly saves lives. We can then identify multiple unusual incidents within families where abuse is a true concern. 	3	3	5	3 	Insurance:Unknown
13	-1	Parents Beware: This physician arbitrarily decided to report my child's broken arm to CPS on a follow-up visit, when the initial treating physician found no reason to report the injury (as it was clearly an accident). He was also insensitive to the fact that my son was going in for open heart surgery only a week after this appointment by inquiring if my stress was due to my financial situation (which isn't even the case). Any moron would know my stress was from my child's upcoming surgery. 		2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	. Helped me and knew what he was telling me after my sleep study 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
14	1	Am scared, because I have been diagnosed with sleep apnea.And need a C-Pap machine. Am not happy, My husband will wake up with his beautiful wife of 26 years look like an transformer.He is an excellent physician for finding out my medical condition.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
15	-1	We set an appointment to have a skin tag removed, after waiting 2 hours in the lobby, (past our appointment time), to see the doctor, a PA of about 21 years old comes in.He handles the skin tag and the total time of appointment amounted to about 20 minutes from the time he came in till the time we left the clinic. Did I mention we got a bill for 653.00 dollars for that&#63; If you were dying and that was the only medical establishment open, I would go to the mechanic shop down the road. You will probably receive as competent of treatment and they probably won't try to bleed you to death and take your wallet. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
15	-1	Over 30 years ago now, Davidhizar delivered my son telling me he was being born on time, when in fact my son turned out to be 2 mos early, he almost died, Davidhizar forced him into the birth canal, if it had not been for Dr Russell that night, my son would not be here today, ALL this hurry on Davidhizar's part, because he had to be on a plane to head out on vacation, worst Dr EVER! Has not hospital  privileges either I am told! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
15	-1	Doctor Davidhizar made me wait in an examination room for over 70 minutes for a scheduled appointment.  No staff menber notified me of any delays. I could not wait any longer and left, notifying the nurse of my departure. Later I discovered that my health insurance company was billed for an office visit.  I wrote a letter to the doctor explaning the situation, he called me back was very arrogant and never apologized. His knowledge in the area 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	Dr. Delzer is wonderful. Eye exam are thorough and he has excellent people skills. Very knowledgeable. He provides eye exams for my whole family and each one of my family members has had a positive experience. 	3	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	Great Optometic physician (OD). Works with Dr Zamber (Ophthalmologist who now only does surgery). Very friendly and helpful and extremely knowledgeable and competent. Excellent at exams, explaining procedures and results. Does detailed eye exams/evaluations of every type and when surgery is called for passes them on to Dr Zamber. 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	fabulous doctor treats the whole person not just the symptom has spent over an hour discussing concerns i had about my son even tho i'm sure it put her behind. never feel rushed always feel listened to.  knows my name on sight without have to check chart 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	I had been led to believe that my body condition, low energy level &amp; lost sense of just &quot;feeling good&quot; were part of the aging process. I tried to accept this for many years but it just didn't sit right with me. I decided to fight back &amp; needed someone to be as interested in root causes as I was. I LOVE Dr. Denton. She found problems that other had either ignored or simply overlooked. She knew where to refer me to, the right supplements &amp; medications. I feel better than I have in over a decade. I KNOW she cares about me as a person, not just as a patient. Her practice doesn't bill insurance so you pay at the time of service but my insurance has reimbursed me for my doctor visits. This can be a tough financially but well worth it. Appointments need to be made well in advance. She can't be faulted for being in such demand because she is that good. If you really want answers, she is well worth the wait and the inconvenience of having to handle insurance reimbursement on my own. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	Dr. Denton is very compassionate and very approachable. She has guided me to certain tests that no other Dr has ever suggested. She's one of the only Dr's that has really taken the time to get to know me. I left feeling confident that she will really end up helping me. 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	outstanding diagnostician and caring individual.  Very willing to work with patient as a team. Thank you for being there Dr. Sandy! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	I've been seeing Dr. Denton for years and I very much appreciate her.  She is the only physician who helped me, the others didn't know what to do and one accused me of not taking my Rx properly.  Dr. Denton knew exactly what was going on and I've been seeing her since.  Their office is cash only, but they provide all the paperwork you need to submit the claim to insurance yourself.  This has worked well for me so far.  I wish there were more physicians like her. 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	-1	Nice lady but as far as what she knows is questionable.  I ave been seeing her for well over 4 years and I am still batteling terrible headaches without the right medicince found.  	5	3	2	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
19	-1	I saw Dr. Downs for migraines years ago. I specifically told her that whatever she tried on my (prescription-wise) needed to be O.K. for pregnancy, as my husband and I were trying to get pregnant. After trying a few different triptans (Imitrex, Maxalt, etc....all fine for pregnancy as long as you stop taking when you find you're pregnant), she put me on a prophilactic medication, taken daily to try to prevent the migraines. I took them for a couple months before we determined it didn't work. A month later, I found out I was pregnant. After going over medications with my OB, she looked up the particular medication I had been taking and said it was a very high risk med with pregnancy!!! We ended up doing extra testing, and thank god my son was healthy...could have been so much worse! I would steer clear of her. Besides her obvious ignorance towards her patients, she is cold...almost to the point of being rude. Also condecending. Overall, horrible experience with her! 	2	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
19	0	Dr. Downs has been my neurologist for the past year and a half.My condition is one that requires carfull examination and to be honest over protection.She has always been very thorough with her exams and test. The best part of her practice is her P.A John he is friendly, caring, and genuinely interested in you as a patient. I continue to see her based on her thoroughness and her wonderful P.A. If you are most concerned with your physicians bedside manner she is not the person I would recommend.If you want a thorough, but serious doctor she will fulfill that duty.I do stress again that she is not people oriented doctor and as a patient that is very clear.  	5	3	2	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	-1	This doctor is horrible! She is not helpful, rude and do not listen to you. It seems like she don't know what she is doing or maybe she just don't care. I so regret going to her. People told me she was the 'best' in town but she's the worst in town... 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
19	-1	My mother saw Dr. Downs for years after she was diagnosed with Multiple Sclerosis. My mom used to complain that she never listened and ignored her pain completely. My mom was in sever pain and Dr. Downs did nothing, not even prescribing medicines to relieve the pain. She has no regard for people and the few times I met her she was rude cold and very uninformative. I have heard many other bad things about her and WOULD NOT RECOMMEND her to anyone. 	 9/25/09	1	3	1	Insurance:Unknown
19	-1	This doctor is as weird as her brother. She is cold and no help at all. STAY AWAY from both of them! 	1	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
19	-1	She is rude like her brother Wayne Downs.  She was spacey.  It seemed she didn't know what she was doing.  No emotiom to anything. She miss diaignosed and like you are making up everything.I WOULDN'T RECCOMEND ANYONE TO SEE HR.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	0	She seems VERY cold. I have seen her for years and it took me sometime to understand her. She is not someone I would see for an extremely important issue. For basic follow ups she is fine but a little &quot;out-dated&quot;. Very unsympathetic and emotionless. I did continue treatment with her because she does seem to listen on a medical level and got me in whenever I needed until appropriate treatment was achieved(medication).  		4	3	3 	Insurance:Aetna
19	1	Not the most friendly doctor in the world, but she was definitely helpful and very thorough! I recommend her. Be prepared for her serious demeanor, it can take you by surprise. But after 3 visits, I understand her personality now, and I trust her very much. She is probably one of the most thorough doc’s I’ve ever seen.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	-1	I had a head injury and she prescribed Calan.She ignored my pain as if it was imagined. When I finally saw here after a 6 week wait she didn't even know why I was seeing her. Not what I expected as a nurse from a doc.  		5	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	out of network, but great doctor. nice staff.  if you're in need of a neurologist she is the right person to go to 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	-1	Coldest doctor I've ever seen. Gave me a bunch of tests and waited a month before getting back to me. Dr. or staff wouldn't return phone calls and were basically worthless in an emergency! This Dr. did much more damage to me than what I originally went to see her for.DO NOT SEE THIS DR. !!! 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
