dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	Very caring and concerned. Makes an extra effort to connect to patient's problems and personality. Very patient and tolerant.  Easy to talk to about anything ... anything!  Sorry he left the area where I am - hard to find a good replacement. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	Skilled, helpful, empathetic, realistic, flexible. Dr. Gellerman provided quick relief and long lasting strategies to me and my family. Professional and warm in every way. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	-1	This guy seems more like a burned out hippie than a therapist.  He didn't really seem to know what was going on, might have something to do with the pills he was taking during our session.  I will not go back. 	2	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	Dr. Gellerman is extremely empathetic and trustworthy. Superior communication skills and asks the right questions. Seems well versed in the science behind the medicine.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
2	1	Dr. Gellerman specializes in Ericksonian hypnotherapy.  He is very caring and sympathetic. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	I love Dr. Askar.  We take both our children there.  Her staff is wonderful, with the exception of the front desk lady, she is not very personable.  Dr. Askar is great with the kids, and always takes the time to answer all our questions.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
3	-1	 	2	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
4	-1	Before you go here, you had better look him up on the web. Scarey stuff. 	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	Dr Gecosala is a reality doctor.  If he gets in your face, there is good reason.  He does not tolerate those seeking drugs for illegal reasons.  He tells you like it is and what you need to do to get better.  If you ask, he will answer....honestly.  Great doctor, but you have to be real with yourself first.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
5	-1	hes great on giving out pain meds BUT he doesnt give his time...he rushes you out of his office and is very prejudiced about problems he doesnt like such as transgender issues.  Actually yelled at the top of his lungs to my son...what ya wanna be a girl.. theres something wrong with you 	1	1	2	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
5	1	On target diagnoses every time, after previous erroneous diagnosis from other doctors.  Appointment times very convenient and above average in keeping appointment times. Very accomodating and knowledgeable. Always takes the time to answer questions.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
5	-1	This doctor does not care about his patients he cares about numbers, get in and get out brags about his harvard education and sharesn info on other patients problems, perhaps his gambling  habits, yes thats right Dr. g you gambling habits have corrupted you. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
5	-1	Dr GECOSALA IS THE MOST UNPROFESSIONAL, RUDEST DOCTOR I HAVE EVER MET. I TOOK MY CLIENT WHO HAS ASPERGERS AND MMR INTO SEE HIM ( SHE HAS SEEN HIM BEFORE),. I ASKED HIM A QUESTION AND HE WAS SO SACRCASTIC AND RUDE, I WAS SO DUMBFOUNDED. I ASKED A QUESTION TO CLARIFY SOMETHING, AND HE RESPONDED... &quot;WHAT DO I HAVE TO SAY IT A 3RD TIME&#63;&quot; YOU LEFT THE PATIENT, STORMED OUT OF THE OFFICE SAYING, &quot;I NEVER WANT YOU IN MY OFFICE AGAIN.&quot; tHAT WILL BE THE LAST TIME MY PATIENT IS TRAETED SO BAD AS WELL AS I. 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	Dr Gecosala is a wonderful doctor who is very intelligent and gifted in his medical knowledge. My wife has MS and Dr Gecosala was the 3rd doctor she went to but the only one that could diagnose her problem. What the complimenting person says below is very accurate and I am very skeptical on the person who wrote bad things about him..... I highly doubt the doctor injected anything without permission or explaination, 2nd if you let anyone inject you with something and not worry about what it was until afterwards I'm thinking you are problem not the doctor.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	I have known Dr Gecosala for more than a year now. He treated my diabetes and lower back pain. He is well-informed on he does. He is a graduate of Harvard Univesity School of Public Health and has done extensive training in his field including those from the University of Arizona. His staff is very courteous and very helpful. He will not support however early refill of narcotics and will not entertain narcotics seekers. He will not tolerate demanding patients and patients who just show up on the door demanding to be sen at once. He will not tolerate patients who dont show up or call to cancel their appointments. He will not tolerate patients who malingers of their pain into to seek secondary gains or narcotics. He is upfront on what he thinks if he feels that he is being used by narcotics and secondary gain seekers such as those on a lein on a personal injury or car accident. If you think that your seeing Dr Gecosala is for those purpose, dont come to his office. 	 11/12/06		5	5	Insurance:Unknown
5	-1	Dr. Gecosala was unprofessional. His office staff was unprofessional and not knowledgeable. Dr. Gecosala left his office when I had a scheduled appointment to see him, along with his staff. Dr. Gecosala did not inform me of the drug he injected into my body, and when I confronted him and asked questions about the drug, he yelled at me in his hallway in front of another patient, who was in an examining room with the door wide open. He also had an unprofessional/personal dialiogue which was not related to medical issues or treatment in the examining room next to mine, while myself and other patients waited for 30 minutes or more. Dr. Gecosala is also on 5 years probation for unprofessional conduct/medical record issues with the AZ Medical Board. He was fined $1,000. in addition to other sanctions, as of May of 2005. Check the AZ Medical Board website before you visit this doctor. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
6	-1	Dr. Gawelko is the worst doctor I've ever seen.  He has no personality and is extremely rude.  He seems to be more concerned about protecting himself, than helping patients! 	5	4	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	Best doc out of 5 I've tried. And, you complainer #1, please tell me the name of any doctor you've seen where you didn't have to wait. I think this anxiety issue of yours tainted your rating. And #3 perhaps you had nothing wrong with you to take up his valuable time. I'm just sayin'.....  	 9/15/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
6	-1	Rushed.  Uncaring.  Overheard him talking about another patient. Can imagine what he will say about me. 	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	Physician for my sons, excellent follow up and conversation with them about care and treatment. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	0	This doctor made me wait and spent a short amount of time with me.  	1	3	3	3 	Insurance:Aetna
7	1	Very kind and warm doctor.  We are looking forward to taking our second child to her office.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
8	0	I had a two year old who fractured his wrist.  It wasn't until 4 days later and multiple phone calls to East Valley Pediatrics where someone believed me that the wrong wrist was x-rayed.  Once the mistake had been made, the icky sweet &quot;cover your bootie&quot; service began from both East Valley Pediatrics and Desert Valley Radiology.  I was told I wouldn't be charged for the mistake set of x-rays and even had a fax to prove it, yet my insurance company and I were still billed.  Both EVP and DVR gave me conflicting stories.  I do not know who was being the most dishonest.  Dr. Garner will sit and talk with you and is personable, but if you believe in the age-old phrase &quot;call your doctor&quot;  you will jump through many hoops and still not get past the front desk.  	2	2	1	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	Allan Gelber is a very caring man. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	Great doctor! Very helpful, answered all my questions and more. Gave me tips to have an easier, healthy, and happy conception/pregnancy.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
11	1	Dr. Gaul is deceased. 	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	-1	I've been seeing Dr. Gambino for a couple of years for both Meniere's disease and sinus issues. He's never done anything to help me with either, except finally ordered an MRI of my sinuses. Once he saw the MRI was fine he pretty much dismissed me and refused to treat me. All he did was recommend 1 nasal spray and told me to see a neurologist (for sinus issues&#63;).In addition, I had asked him about a medication for the Meniere's that's been out for 40 years and he had no knowledge of it. His nurse also has an attitude and acts as if she's doing you a favor even talking to you. Definitely  not nice. I am switching doctors after years of being treated with disrespect and not getting any help.  	2	5	1	2 	Insurance:AARP
12	1	Dr Gambino is a fantastic doctor. He is very punctual, knowledgeable, and takes time diagnose and explain. He has excellent staff. He performed a Septoplasty on me and it went as smooth as it can be. I highly recommend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
13	1	This is a Dt.  You keep he is good in all his spdecialtoes.  If you li e inyhe southwest he diag.osis and treats valley fever when others miss it. He is known for his diegnosis ability.  He is good at readdingtesy tesults amd treating aghresivly when meeded.  Manhy Drs refer tohim would follow his treatment pllan as I have survived because of hismedical ability. Good listener and does not rush a visit makes sure you are co.fortable with his treatment and understand.  Answetrs his page in avery timely way.  Highly recommend him 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
14	1	Awesome dentist. I have not any good experiences with dentist until now. I have had deep root cleanings, cavities and cap done.  Would not go anywhere else! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
14	1	I was very comfortable asking questions. His answers were in a language I could understand. The entire staff is on their game.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
14	1	I am very afraid of the dentistry. It was a great visit. Very gentle, explains everything well and the staff is fantastic. I have send my friends there also and they just love him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
15	1	dr.  galasso is a wonderful doctor, very caring and knowlegeable and has taken great care of me since the birth of my daughter 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
15	-1	.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	1	He is outstanding as is his staff. He does all his own ultrasounds, and all bloodwork is done on site. He is friendly and informative. I was considered high risk and he helped me through the entire pregnancy, and helped me deliver a beautiful and healthy baby.  I have trusted him with my health and the health of my children.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
15	1	. Fantastic!!  speaks spanish and is very helpful! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	Dr. Gerson is so professional.  He did not use the phone while I was under.  He was not stressed out and had a great attitude.  He's concerned about the environment when using his modest car. His partners are all attractive. His surgery scheduler makes everything go so smooth.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	He listens to his patients and works with you to develop a plan.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	Dr. Gee cares about his patients. He is friendly and yet very professional. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	Dr. Gee is pleasant and knowledgeable and caring. He is friendly and easy to talk to and yet be professional. Wait times are longer than I care, but when he does see you, he spends as much time as you need and not make you feel rushed. I certainly recommend Dr. Gee.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
18	0	I was a patient of Dr. Gee for over 20 years.  He assigned me to his PA for all visits.  The wait time in the lobby got to be over an hour each appt. I complained to the PA and was told if I didn't want to wait I should set my appts for the first thing in the morning or find another physician.  So I did.  I had to drive 45 minutes one way, wait over an hour, drive back 45 minutes and had to take time off from work each time (unpaid).  His office staff are horrible and wouldn't call in a prescription for pain medication until the following day!  Unless you wanted to be treated as though you mean nothing, find another doctor.  	1	1	3	3 	Insurance:Medicare
18	1	. he is great - helpful friendly and quite knowledgable - but his office people leave a lot to be desired - 	2	2	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	0	Dr. Galasso sent me a certified letter informing me that he was dropping me as a patient because I failed to see him for a follow-up visit, though I was completely healthy. He is crotchety, obstinate, and has no bedside manner.  	4	4	1	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
20	1	Went to this office on the recommendation of a coworker. I've never been a real fan of going to the dentist but Dr G was a great doctor and spent alot of time with me explaining everything. No cavities! Nice staff, nice office.  I'll be coming back to this place! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
20	1	Doctor and staff were excellent! I don't know who wrote these reviews but clearly have no brains. Dr Garelick offers a new patient complete exam, full digital xrays and a routine cleaning for $94-(that's without insurance). The guy who said $150 for the exam must have been some cheapo who didn't want to pay for a filling or something. Most doctors require a cancellation policy too. My dermatologist charges $50 if I give less than 48hrs notice. What kind of person asks the doctor to sign a promise to run on time&#63; My medical doctor keeps me waiting every visit but I assume he is providing appropriate time for each patient and will do the same for me. As far as not being told about insurance benefits...well that is the policy holders job, but I've overheard treatment plans and options being given and explained in great detail. Dr Garelick &amp; his staff are all amazing and go out of their way for me.  Sincerely, Kelly Stapleton (Noticed nobody else signed their negative reviews) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
20	-1	Dishonest Dentist: My wife called his office to schedule me for one of their “Free Consultation” offer. When I got there and was taken to an examination room, the Doctor came in and asked me what the problem was.  I showed him my broken tooth.  He looked at my broken tooth and said “it needs to be fixed”(which was obvious and I did not have to be a dentist to know that!).  Any way he left the room without any more explanation.   A couple of minutes later his assistance came in with a $150.00 “estimate” for examination.  I told her I’m here for a consultation that is only possible after an examination, and how could you offer a “free consultation”  and charge for the examination!  She did not have any answer, so she went and got the doctor to answer my question.  When the doctor came back to the room and I asked him the same question, he said “you need to see another doctor!”   I just left his office thinking to myself “where are those good old fashioned values&#63;” 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	Dr. Garelick is awesome. His office staff is a bit ittitating with their high pitched squeals and baby voices, but I would and do put up with it to see him. He has a great bedside manner, and has done very good work on my teeth. I came to him with several hairline fractures, broken fillings and cavities. I no longer have pain... I've seen him for almost 9 years and love him. He's gentle and cares a lot. The only thing I have to advise is that you keep track of your allowances with your insurance company, because his office workers don't care. They will tell you it's your job to do that. He used to have an awesome staff, but changed everyone. Now they suck. I don't care for his hygenists either. Go somewhere else to get your teeth cleaned. But he really is worth all this nonsense for the care he personally gives.  	1	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
20	-1	This is below average dentist. His diagnosis is very aggressive. Even a small cavity is treated like a big thing. My filling was very bad. After a few days I developed terrible pain. I have to come back to have my filling drilled down. This dentist has to be included into the most money conscious doctors. He asks his customers to sign an agreement for a penalty of $40sh for missed appointed. When asked that he has to sign a reciprocal agreement for a penalty to doctor if the doctor keep his customer waiting for more than 30 minutes. He refused. This doctor lost me, my family many friends as his customers.  		2	1	2 	Insurance:CIGNA
21	1	Dr Gannon explained my diagnosis to me in a way that was easy to understand.  He explained the different treatments and what the pro's and con's were of each.  he advised me of what he thought was best and explained is logic behind it.  I was referred to him from a family that has used him a very long time.  One time i called in to ask a question to his office about my medicine.   after being on hold for a couple of minutes one of the nurses had talked to him and answered my question 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
21	1	Dr. Gannon is top notch. I've seen him for the past 8 years. He was not taking any new patients however he took my mom on as a patient as a courtesy to me. He was awesome with her! We switched from a pediatrican to him for our 12 yr old son. Dr. Gannon is a great doctor! Recommend him 100%.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
21	1	. In my 60+ years -- Dr Gannon is on of the &quot;BEST&quot; 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
21	1	Dr. David Gannon is the consummate professional when it comes to his field. My whole family has been under his care for close to ten years, and we all love him. Professional, courteous and kind with diagnostic precision. Also, he is not afraid to tell you if you need to improve in an area of your health. You will not be coddled, but you will receive the best care that you could possibly find the world over. Dr. David Gannon is THE best. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	Always a positive experience.  Full knowledge of the latest meds and procedures.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
21	1	Dr. Gannon has been an excellent doctor for me for 8 years.  He is kind, courteous. Office is modern, clean. Staff kind, helpful. I highly recommend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unicare
21	1	My entuire family has been going to Dr. Gannon for more than 15 years.  I have never known a more compassionate Doctor.  He is attentive, an original thinker, and truly cares!  Even when I was going to school at the U of A... I used to drive back to Chandler, just to see him.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
22	-1	Please think twice before seeing this office. Dr Galen was polite and knowledgable WHEN I ACTUALLY SAW HIM. First appt was sched for 10:30am, I was not called back into a room until 11:45 and was not seen by the doctor until 12:30pm!!! I brushed this off as a particularly busy day, and scheduled a surgery. The staff did not turn in my paperwork for leave until 3 weeks after they received it, making it difficult for me to get the time off needed. Often when calling the office I receive no answer or a message that it is not within &quot;business hours&quot;. Even when calling at 10am, 1pm, 2pm and 3pm on a weekday (not a holiday). If you want ANYTHING done in a timely manner please think twice before going to this office.  	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Aetna
23	1	Best Psychiatrist in AZ. Most knowledgeable, caring, spends time with you, treats u with respect.  	1	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
24	1	Very Good! Listens asks questions and has a broad knowledge of medicine.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
24	1	Seemed knowledgeable but way too chatty about unrelated topics. Had to keep steering him back to medical questions, and therefore could have been a shorter visit. My husband's step-dad is very happy with him.  	2	3	3	4 	Insurance:HIP
25	1	My entire event at this facility was pleasant.  Front office is great and Dr. Ghafouri is caring and made me feel comfortable. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	He is agreat surgeon. He corrected another surgeon's screw up. The only one I truly trust to do surgery on me. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	He did a great job with my eyelids. Very busy, but listens and pays attention. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	-1	. way to rushed, does not listen and gave me the impression that he was uncaring 	3	1	1	2 	Insurance:HealthPartners
26	1	I am a patient of Dr Gabbert's for 3 yrs...I saw him originally in his Cave Creek office but ended up seeing him in his west Thunderbird office, eventhough its out of my way. I found the staff, from the receptionist to the back office nurses, to be extremely caring, kind and knowledgable.  Dr Gabbert has such a cheerful staff..that eventhough you wait an hour or so, you still leave with a big smile. If anything, i wish his Thunderbird staff would be in Cave Creek, which ofcourse, is closer to me.  	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
26	1	He is one of the best physicians in Arizona. 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	Dr Gamber treated me bor bleeding in my bladder that almost killed me.  He took me as an emergency in the morning and i had surgery several hours later.  Coumidine was part of my problem and the bleeding was caused by that.  Dr Gamber has a great bedside manner and was able to calm my wife.  Without this surgery and his quick treatment I would not be here.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
27	1	Dr. Gamber is the best physician I have seen. He has been helpful and patient always answering all my questions regarding my condition that brought us together and any other issues I have encountered. I would recommend him to anyone. His office staff is more efficient and friendly than any Dr.'s office I have ever been in.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
27	1	I could not say enough about the excellent service I received! I was scheduled quickly, seen quickly, and give an appointment to have a CAT scan (only $213!!!) that same morning. I was able to return the same morning, with the scan, and it was read and I was given a followup ultrasound. EVERYONE in the office was helpful, knowledgeable and extremely kind.Chris Prickett Anthem AZ 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	Dr.Gamber has been treating me for over 3 years and has helped me through some difficult times.  He is patient and caring, takes tiime to explain things and answers all my questions thorougly. I find him to be an excellent doctor and do not hesitate to reccommend him.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
27	1	Dr. Gamber was the most dedicated Dr. I have ever encountered.  He called me at home to make sure I didn't have any questions before my surgery.  He came in at least twice a day when I was in the hospital.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
27	-1	He doesn't listen. He also has a hard time explaining what is wrong and what needs to be done. He just wants you to do as he says,and doesn't like to explain himself. He is also always in a hurry.. 	2	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	Dr. Gamber is the best dr. we have ever met.  He was so helpful he called us at home twice to make sure everything was going ok.  When my husband was in the hospital he visted and called on him multiple times a day.  He was honest and straight forward with us.  I could only hope that there were more dr.'s like Dr. Gamber.  He was quick to act and very patient with our questions.  I would recommend Dr. Gamber to everyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
27	-1	This office kept me waiting for 4 hours, the doctor did not listen to what I was telling him regarding an ongoing problem, it was extremely frustrating and I will be finding a new urologist. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	Dr..gallman is the only doctor i will see. he takes the time to explain and answer the questions i have not like every other doctored i have been to. there is a wait to see him but it well worth my time. 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	Dr. Gallman is great!  You will wait a minimum of 90 minutes past your appt. time!  Promise!  He spends too much time with his patients which doesn't explain why his staff schedules a patient every 15 minutes&#63;  Maybe it's to keep the money coming in the door&#63;  Also, you must pay cash!  Too many of his patients bounced checks so now everyone must pay cash!  His staff is not friendly and lacking professionalism.  I only see him once every 6 months, I had an appt. the other day at 4:30, by 6:00 I was still in the waiting room with 2 people ahead of me!  I asked for my co-payment back and left.  No one even called me to apoligize or re-schedule!  I am done!!  Guess I better hope I can get in to see a new Dr.  before my pills run out!  Way to leave me hanging Doc! 	2	1	4	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
28	1	Excellent Doctor, best I've got. Takes time explaining everything and he does not overmedicate.  The staff is courteous but the punctuality is not good 	4	1	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
28	1	A great doctor!  Very thorough and loves to explain conditions.  Avoids overmedicating.  My only complaint is the staff's skills. I have been accidentally hung up on more times than I can count, and often don't get called back when leave messages.  	3	3	4	4 	Insurance:Aetna
28	1	Dr. Gallman and his staff have always treated my entire family with care and respect.  We love his bedside manner.  He's friendly and funny and is always great with our kids. He never just throws a prescription at you.  He seems to frown on overmedicating.   I like that! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
28	-1	. His staff is very rude and he is never on time 	1	1	2	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	1	he was great, except for his nurse's flatulence was embarassing and stagnant 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	. He is excellent always takes his time explain everything 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
28	1	Very personable and spent lots of time answering our questions.  The staff was also very friendly and helpful. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	Awesome. Exactly what the other reviews said. He actually explains what's going on and asks for your input on treatment. He doesn't push unnecessary medicine on you just to get you out the door, like some doctors do.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	1	Dr. Gallman is absolutely the BEST doctor that I have ever been to. He is not only very knowledgable, but he takes an active interest in your health concerns. I would reccomend him to anyone! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	Dr. Gallman has provided care for every member of my family. He has set broken bones, given sports phsicals, treated my husbands ills; the list goes on and on. This is the first time that my family has ONE doctor. He 5 year old, my high school boys as well as both my husband and myself. This is the doctor that EVERYONE wants but cannot find. Not a &quot;clinic&quot; enviroment.  This is a good 'ol family doc! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
28	1	Dr. Gallman is the best doctor I have ever had. He is personable and made me feel very comfortable. I felt like I had his full attention and he took the time to explain to me exactly what was going on in my body. Whenever I have questions, he is happy to answer them and he takes his time so that I understand what he is telling me. He is friendly and my son loves him. I would recommend anyone who is looking for a loving and genuinely caring doctor.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
29	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	Great doc!  Also uses holistic treatment methods in correlation with traditional medicines.   I love him and his assistant, Jessica! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
30	1	Fantastic staff!  I felt like family here, and they cured me of my problems on the first visit. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	She was on time and very helpful and kind. Staff was very nice. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
30	-1	Arrived for my appt @ least 10 min early. She took another hospital staff ahead of me(he was late for his appt-that's fine). I was called back to the exam room and waited at least 45 min before had to use the bathroom and left the room. Found the doc by her front desk talking to drug reps(very rude)making her patients wait. I went back to the exam room and waited longer. The doc came in for five min circled two spots on my face and left. Her staff (I don't know if she was an RN) came in inject my face to numb it. I told the nurse I was concerned about scarring (I am young, already have melasma and the moles are in the middle of my cheek and by my ear.) She told me not to worry. The doc came in and I was anxious and started to cry(I hate crying and clam up). I couldn't speak, the nurse had to tell the doc what my concerns were. She told me every would be fine and cut the moles off. Total time in office-2hrs.  I have spots where the moles were(both melsma and where it was incompletely cut) 	4	1	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	1	Great office and staff.  I felt totally comfortable with Dr. Gaona.  He explains everything and is very meticulous.  I've recommended Dr. G. to my friends and they feel the same.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
32	1	Great DR...  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
33	-1	Beneath the pleasant demeanor, there exists an impatient, violent-tempered man who cares not to organize his office to benefit the patient. Patients may have to repetitively ask questions in order to receive an adequate answer from poorly trained staff. Chiropractor does not possess altruism nor sympathy in regards to the strife of his patients, and does not explain in detail certain processes of his office. Patients are left in the dark, and are left to question a receptionist lacking proper communication skills. The chiropractor is friendly man if not questioned about the validity of the methods the office employs. General treatment between the Ajo location and Wilmot locations are very different. Younger, less affluent clients are treated differently in comparison to some of the older patients. Chiropractor appeared at first to be very helpful;  however, it is very sad to see he is no different from any other businessman. 	2	4	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	Best in town and will fit you in on the drop of a dime. Really cares and is very helpful 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
34	-1	He is a angry, unprofessional man all he thinks is a money and his care is not as near as what he says he provide. Will not recommend him or his group to anybody 	1	1	2	1 	Insurance:AARP
34	1	very kind and great physician spends a lot of time to explain and address all questions.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
34	1	Very compassionate and spends time with his patients.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	0	 	1	1	1	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	-1	Crooked Dr. Run do not walk to the nearest exit .. Save yourself! Pads his pocket at your expense. Busted for expired medication ( 2 years old at 3 of the 4 MBI locations where he is the director) This guy is disgusting and does not give a crap about you. He pays his bills with the money from your employer when he sends you back to work injured because he could care less about you. He makes his money from YOUR employer by screwing you over because he is such a crappy Dr. , that's the only business that he gets 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Workers Comp
35	-1	Workman's comp / Employer Cutoff Dr. Could not care less about you. Pads his pocket by sending YOU back to work either injured or reporting it as non work related.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Workers Comp
35	-1	.  	1	4	2	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
36	1	Very professional and knowledgeable.  His uncanny humor makes the visit enjoyable.  He cares about his patients and you leave feeling that he did his best for you. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
37	-1	. (Rating under review)	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
37	-1	It is difficult to get an appt. Staff rude and not very helpful. Doctor very short and doesn't listen to your problems. He sends you for blood work and then doesn't see you for 2-3 weeks. I have not been able to keep my Thyroid under control since I have been with this doctor, so I have recently found another who is great and does blood, ultra sound and x-ray right at the same place. More advanced and more convenient.  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
37	-1	The doctor would not listen to anything that I had to say about my son and his Diabetes and continued to put him on an insulin regime that I told him does not for my son.  My son has been battling this disease for 15 years and I have dealt with this every day of my life.  I felt very unsupported by this doctor and will be looking for another one as soon as I can.  	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
37	0	The staff is very unprofessional and not knowledgeable.  The call-back time can be three or more days after one has left a message. 	1	2	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
37	-1	Dr. Momin Gabir does not do in house FNA for the Thyroid.  His office is minimal and slightly dirty.  I waited a long time for him in the patient room.  Also, he barely examined me and thought that I should have the lump removed from my thyroid whether it was cancer or not.  Thanks to him I sat there with cancer in my thyroid for 3 extra months while I waited for the FNA through the hospital.  This is quite a simple procedure and very unnecessary to pay the deductible for outpatient hospital stay.  It only took 20 minutes at the Endocrinologists office that I eventually found.  I was very unhappy with this Endocrinologist and very unsatisfied with his lackluster attitude towards me.  Also, I ended up paying a lot more than I should have but I just wanted his office off of my back for payment.  	3	3	1	3 	Insurance:CIGNA
37	-1	Staff and Dr. Gabir have issues with receiving calls. They prefer everything be through an appt, even getting lab results. Dr. Gabir could benefit by being more sympathetic to his patients overall needs. 		2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	What more can I say about a Doctor - he saved my life! When I was diagnosed with a polop in my thyroid in 2003, Dr. Gabir ran all the right tests, asked me all the right questions with regards to exposure to various carcinogens, and made a cautious and deliberate call to have me undergo a biopsy, which proved that the polop was cancerous. After my thyroid gland was removed, Dr. Gabir followed me closely and called me even on Saturday to share reasearch that he had done regarding a plan for post-operative treatment and cancer containment. Today, in large part to Dr. Gabir's care and deliberate approach to treatment, I am cancer free! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	. VERY STRAIGHT TO THE POINT WHAT I LIKE! 		5	4	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
37	-1	Very unkind staff, and poor with timely test results. 		1	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	I have a 12, 5, and 2 year old kids and he has been their DR. since they were born. He is very gentle and friendly with the kids.  Once you try him you will go back! 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
39	1	I am a current patient of hers. I was afraid of being judged when I started therapy; however, I have never felt judged even when talking about things I'm not proud of. She didn't give up on me when everyone else did. I have a life now thanks to her. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	Dr. Garby is currently treating me ,and her approach to having me reach within and learn and how to feel better and see life clearly is very professional.A true Dr. who cares and works hard for her patients,and our society.A+ 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	She is amazing and has helped that community in many ways.  She is a great counselor and truely cares about the safety of her patients and the community. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	Dr Garby helped me through a few of the hardest years of my life. She was one of my most positive influences and my life will never be the same because of her. I owe a lot to our sessions together. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
39	-1	She needs help. She spends more time talking about herself than helping the patients. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
39	-1	 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
40	-1	Horrible diagnostician. He will order test after test, and if the answer is not right in front of his face by virtue of a test result (and even then he will look at only  the most recent one) he will miss the big picture - other doctors did not thankfully.  	3	5	1	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
40	1	I have known this doctor in a professional context, but not in his role as a pediatrician.  When my child needed his help, his persona was gentle,yet determined to get to the root cause of her problem, and has been persistent in following through.  He is busy, but highly knowledgeable and dedicated to raising money for research as well.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
40	1	Dr. Ghishan is by far the best doctor I have ever known.  There isn't enough space here to tell you everything he has done to save our daughter's life. Take your child to him without hesitation and you will be thrilled. He knows what he's doing and is super sweet on top of it all! Kathy, his assistant/nurse is also top-notch and always available.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
40	1	After my child was diagnosed with a serious chronic GI disease, we were referred to Dr. Blecker. After a year of my child becoming increasingly ill, I started to think that we needed to see a different doctor. I had to beg Dr. Ghishan to take my child as a patient (he's a very busy man; do a little online research on him and you'll see why). Dr. Ghishan began treating my child and the improvement to my child's health was almost immediate. I can say without hesitation that my child is receiving the best care available. It's just icing on the cake that Dr Ghishan is kind, friendly, and the kind of guy who knows your child's name and history without looking at the chart.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
40	1	After another peds GI doctor proved to be lame, Dr. Ghishan took over my daughter's case.  He spent time with my daughter's peds cardiologist and got to know her unique heart/lungs situation before trying to do any invasive tests.  He is always very sweet to my daughter and makes her feel good about herself.  I am glad that Dr. Ghishan is still willing to  take my daughter even though she is now 20 yrs old.  (she is developmentally delayed due to strokes, etc)  I always recommend Dr. Ghishan to anyone I know . 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	Dr. Ghishan is a world renowend doctor who is a true benefit to Tucson.He is my hero, he saved my sons life. My son had sudden weight loss, his heart rate dropped dramatically & he was ready to go into cardiac arrest.Dr. Ghishan knew my son and unfortunately was no longer his doctor due to our insurance.The doctor under our insurance did not show up at the hospital to see my son even after calling my cell phone & stating that he would be right over. By the second day of the other doctor not showing,Dr. Ghishan came to our rescue and examed our son and new he was in danger and took over my sons care at UMC.If it had not been for Dr. Ghishan,my son would not have made it. If we would have remained where we were,the unthinkable would of happened. Dr. Ghishan is the BEST doctor,he is exceptional.He is genuine & he knows his patients,he takes the time to go over everything,his nurse Kathy is one of a kind and she goes above & beyond for both dr/patient,she too is the BEST! Both SPECIAL! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
41	-1	.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
41	1	I have been seeing Dr. Garcia for  type 1 diabetes for over three years. Her staff is always very helpful and quick to return phone calls and help me get prescriptions filled in emergency situations. Dr. Garcia follows up when she says she will and spends lots of time with me in the room. She is not an over-inquisitive doctor, which I prefer. She is always discussing new technologies and trends with me and I've never had to wait for more than 15 minutes. This is quite good considering I have seen her at least 8 times. It is easy to schedule an appointment last minute. I am very surprised about all of the bad reviews on this site. My only real complaint is that she sometimes starts speaking in terms that I can't understand. However, if I ask her to explain things further, she smiles, slows down, and drops the medical lingo.  	5	4	5	4 	Insurance:Aetna
41	-1	I saw Dr. Garcia for 2 visits and that was 2 visits too many. She was rude, never let me talk,and complained about her staff. When I left I was so upset I wanted to cry. I now have an excellent Md that listens to me, gives me advise and makes me feel like he cares.  If you want good care, don't go to Dr.  Garcia 	3	2	1	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
41	-1	Too fast to write prescriptions and too slow to listen to a patients concerns.  Talks down to you as if you had an IQ of 80 or less, very degrading. I may not be a doctor but I have an IQ of 135 and an engineering degree. She can't recognize when a patient is suffering from depression and has lost hope. She just hands out more pills. Often abrupt and rude. I will eat myself to death and die of a heart attack rather than see her again. If you can take your pills with out questions, shut up, and move on, she's for you.  If you prefer to understand why you have a given condition and would like to try managing it by behavior modification she's not for you. If she is having a bad day she will even refuse you as a patient and label you as &quot;non-compliant&quot;. She has done this to other.  	1	2	2	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
41	-1	horrible doctor!! after waiting 30minutes she spent 3 minutes with me. she walk away when i was still asking question.  i will never,ever go back 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
41	-1	She can't detect when a patient has given up on themselves or is suffering from depression. Her bigger concern is protecting herself from liability should you die not following her instructions while on a slow track to suicide. If you're male she talks down to you making analogies to automotive maintenance in comparison to health care. Find another doctor or use a faster method should you be giving up the fight.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Pacificare
41	1	She is terrific.  She listened and pondered my problems and took seriously some symptoms that I'm sure another doctor would have dismissed as menopausal hysteria.  I look forward to continuing to work with her on my endocrinal problems.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
41	-1	 	1	2	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	I recently had a consult with Dr Garcia for an underactive thyroid. She was well-informed, pleasant and listened to my concerns without interrupting. I am feeling better since her treatment plan and plan to continue to see her in the future.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
41	-1	I waited over 2 hoursto see and Dr. garcia spent 2 minutes with me and  treated me like and idiot. I am a prof and work for U of A, and was so condescending..I willnever go back.  	1	1	2	2 	Insurance:Pacificare
41	1	Ive been a patient of Dr. Garcia for about 3 years. Shes an excellent doctor, very caring, and a good listener. She explains things in a way I can understand. If I need to see her on short notice, I always seem to be able to get in quickly. I couldnt ask for any more in a doctor, I feel extremely lucky to have found her. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
42	-1	 	3	3	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
42	0	Acceptable medical treatment and service when you eventually get to see this physician. Poor time management at this physician's office often leads to unnecessary, long waits which make your scheduled appointment a mockery.  	2	1	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	-1	Sadly, I have found this gentleman to be severly lacking in CME's to which we as his peers should be holding him to the truths of his proffesion.  	5	5	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
43	1	Brilliant, patient psychiatrist.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
44	1	Very Pleasant and informative, when she wasn't getting my implanon out easily, she did get Dr. Herrmann.  I appreciate a provider if they know they need additional assistance.  	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Banner Health
44	-1	Liked her was very funny, but very rushful! I felt like she would say anything as fast as she could to get me out of her office! Did not treat me very well and had to go to the hospital.  I could'nt reccomend! 	5	4	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
44	1	I was very pleased with Nurse Practitioner Peggy Gallup.she did an good job.  Always will go back and recommand her to others 	5	5	5	4 	Insurance:Aetna
44	0	Peggy Gallup is not an MD (she's a nurse practitioner) but because I had a low-risk pregnancy with my first child she was the one I ended up having most of the appt.s with the last few months of my pregnancy.  She was quite chatty and didn't listen well, my child wasn't in position and she talked on and on about how &quot;I could just have a section at 38 weeks&quot;, like it was no big deal (it was to me).  She didn't give me any advice about exercises I could try or recommend an external version. She wasn't on par with the other dr.s at Del Webb or the other nurse, Janelle Hoover, who is very professional.  	4	4	3	3 	Insurance:Tricare
44	1	Couldn't get an appointment with the Doctor, but I was very pleased with Nurse Practitioner Peggy Gallup (not an MD). She spent enough time with me and covered all the bases. Will go back.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
44	1	. I loved this provider she very helpful!!!! I 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
44	-1	Wow, this lady is a nut! Very chatty and friendly, but completely clueless at times, and does not review chart before treating.  		5	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
45	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	This doctor really, really cares about the patient. He is to be trusted and is there for you, not for the almighty dollar.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
46	1	Dr. Gabriel is the best dentist ever! Very caring and compasionate about his patients. I have had numerous bad experiences w/ other dentists, but not him. He is very professional and personalble. He genuinely cares for his patients. His wife is the hygenist. She is also wonderful! Both are very sweet. I always recommend them to everybody that is looking for a great dentist!!! They have taken great care of me and my family for several years. I cant say enough nice things about Dr. Gabriel(s).  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
47	-1	I didn't even get to the appointment stage.  The lady who answered the phone was totally rude and told me not to make an appt there, but to go to a different type of doctor even though I had seen Dr. Genta before (did like him).  I will never go back there because of how rude she was. 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
47	-1	I experienced sudden hearing loss in one ear.  Dr. Genta did not send me for any testing to determine the cause.  Instead, he told me I was deaf in one ear and suggested I get a hearing aid.  After extensive testing by another physician, it was determined I suffer from Meniere's disease.  I still can not believe Dr. Genta did nothing to determine the cause of my problem.  By the way, my hearing returned 100% a couple of months later. 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
47	-1	After having a problem with drops being filled for two months instead of three and paying for three. Got a very rude receptionist that did not care to rectify the problem nor keep the patient. After asking for the office manager to call the Dr. himself called did not ask about what the problem was at all was just as rude as the receptionist and after saying we would return the drops and cancel the appt. He called back and said they could not be returned and that if we would not pay...he would turn it into collections. Cannot believe how we were treated. Definately does not care about his business. This Dr.  was recommended to us by two family members so he just lost not one but three patients 	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
47	-1	Absolute Rudest front office that I have ever dealt with.  Not just one bad day, but every interaction is rude and callous.  If they are trying to attract new patients, or hold on to existing ones, need to find staff that have people skills and that care to help.  Doctor is knowledgeable but brief.  Impression is that he lets the front office sharks run his office instead of the other way around.  Too bad since they do not seem to have more than a GED education.  Will never go back or refer friends, family or foe.  	1	3	1	3 	Insurance:Medicare
47	1	Dr Genta is great. His office responded quickly when I need tubes in my ears. Very professional.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
47	1	Have been seeing him for two decades. He's done sinus surgery on me and administered allery testing and shots for me. Busy, busy office. I have always been happy with treatment. 		3	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
47	1	Staff is very nice. He is very busy and has a great reputation, but they can forget about you. You may have to keep calling to follow up. It is a long wait to become a new patient.  		5	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	1	his  oone of best  he cares about the patients,  and he is willing over  his limits  to fight against cancer  and  help   the cancer patients.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:AHC
48	-1	Staff say they'll call to schedule appt, never do. Dr. was suppose to treat my father with more chemo after the radiation therapy but never did. Now my father has 2 more tumors.  Negligent!!!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	1	Very concerned and carrying oncologist.  Was recommended to me by Mayo Clinic in Rochester, MN 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
49	1	One office clerk seems to be unfriendly at times and doesn't smile. The front office ppl do a great job with fitting patients in, even on their busy days! Dr. Gentile and Dr. Steve are really great!! They take the time to sit down and talk to you or listen to your childs needs. We always leave happy and taken care of..  wE RECOMMEND THESE DOCTOR!!! 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
49	0	I used Dr. Gentile for about 3 years and was pretty happy until one day he asked me, in front of my very verbal child, what my religious beliefs were and started proselytizing about Christianity even though I mentioned that we were not church goers.  I had to listen to him for about 20 minutes ask inappropriate questions about my religion and it became very awkward for us.  The doctor's office is certainly NOT the place for this and it left my daughter and I very unsettled.  We never went back and found a superb alternative.  He needs to keep his beliefs out of his practice and stop alienating people with his forceful words about it.  	5	3	3	3 	Insurance:Aetna
49	1	I've been seeing Dr Gentile for 5 yrs now for my 2 sons. He's very nice and takes the time to talk to you and your child. Staff were very nice from the front office to med assts. They moved to their new office about 2 yrs ago and it's very nice, clean, and big, and their wait time had improved since they hired more staff. His PA is also very nice and very friendly to your child. i highly recommend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	1	We changed doctors after three appointments where we waited between 45 minutes to an hour for a scheduled appointment. They were promising by taking us out of the waiting area within 15 minutes.  But, then we had to sit in a cold exam room for 30 to 45 minutes!  In a pediatric office!  Do you want to sit in non-entertaining quarters with your toddler/preschooler for that long&#63;  Not to mention, the doctor and/or nurse practitioner never offered apologies for their lack of punctuality.  There are a lot of other pediatrics in the area. Dr. Gentile is nice and the kids like him, but no pediatrician is worth that wait time.  	4	1	3	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
49	1	Dr. Gentile and entire staff are great at getting you in when you need it! They actually remember us when we come in each time. I like the way they talk to, and treat my son.  ALL my questions are always answered no matter how crazy they sound! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
49	1	He alway agree with everything I say so it doesn't clarfiy much of the information that I want to know. He doesn't mention any prescription unless I asked for it. When leaving message with his nurse, I never got the call back. 		4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	I had a great experience with Dr Jen. She listened to my concerns, took time to answer all my questions and allowed me to be a part of choosing my best treatment. She was kind and her staff were helpful and friendly. I have been searching for a doctor that takes the time to listen and she fit the bill. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	Very friendly, thorough.  Staff also very friendly and helpful.  Would definitely recommend.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Pacificare
50	1	Dr. Jen was able to determine the cause of my symptoms and help me to start feeling like my self again after only one month of seeing her. I had several other Dr's try to help me to only make it worse or cause other issues. I can't say enough about Dr Jen and her staff and how patient, thoughtful, understanding and always willing to listen they are. Dr. Jen was recommended by a friend and I will definitly pay it forward. Do not be afraid to see this Dr. if your insurance will not cover it. I have spent much more time and money on traditional Dr's. Not to mention the added stress to think that I can not be helped. THANK YOU to Dr. Jen and her staff Julie and Sally. Sincerely, Jamey 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	I've only had one appointment so far with Dr. Calvo,but let me tell you this woman/doctor listens to her patients!! How many of you out there can say that about your current doctor&#63; Not many, I'm guessing. I have searched high and low for a doctor that is willing to listen to me and work WITH me and I do believe I have found such a doctor. I have a follow up appt. in a week to go over all the lab tests she ordered (she and I, together, discussed what labs to order). I have no doubt that I have found the doctor who will give me my life back in terms of my health and overall wellbeing. Don't let the fact that she does not take insurance keep you from seeing her. They file with your insurance company so you will receive some compensation back. Run, don't walk, to see this amazing doctor. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	amazing how she just tuned right in and has helped me more than any other Dr. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
51	1	Went to Dr. Geller after hurting my foot on vacation. He fixed me up with some medication for pain, shoe inserts and a some stretching recommendations. Best part is he did not make me come back 3 times... just made sure I had everything I needed and I healed up after about a week.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
52	-1	All three of the teeth that he fixed became inflamed and needed root canals within months of the work being finished. 		3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
53	-1	poor bedsite manner. poor communication. not care for  his patient. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	I see Dr. Gassner through the MDVIP program.  I couldn't be happier with the program and with the exceptional service he and his staff provide.  Dr. Gassner is perhaps the best doctor I've ever visited.  He is extremely knowledgeable, professional, courteous, and has a great sense of humor.  I am most impressed with how he factors my concerns into his treatment decisions, and makes me part of the decision-making process---such as my concern with radiation exposure from CT scans.  Consequently he helped me find other diagnostic methods not involving radiation. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
54	-1	Doctor Gassner repeatedly referred me to a GYN after I insisted it was not a gyn related issue. He replied with &quot;I didnt know you went to medical school too!&#63;&quot; and I thought that was one of the most ignorant and disrespectful things I have ever been told by a doctor. I went constantly to the GYN, wasted time and money only to be sent back to Gassner with nothing. I know my pain was in my intestines and not my uteris but he insisted. Finally I went on my own to a GI doctor and was FINALLY diagnosed with Crohns Disease from a doctor who was intelligent enough to listen to me and know what he was dealing with. I blame doctor Gassner for my delayed diagnosis and as a result being in pain and tossed around without any real concern for my well being. The only time I got help was when I took it upon myself to go to a doctor who knew what they were doing. This was not the first problem with gassners bedside manner but definitely the most memorable.  Go back to school and practice ethics as well 	3	2	1	2 	Insurance:Aetna
54	1	I've seen Dr. Gassner for the past 10 years and he's very professional yet courteous. Mostly he allocates adequate time to spend with patients, and is very thorough with his work.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
55	-1	I visited Dr. Gause with a severely herniated L-4 disc.  At the time I was taking Oxycotin, and Percoset to knock down the breakthru pain.  A fomula I don't support for my body, however the pain was unbearable. Dr. Gause advised me that he wanted me off of pain meds for at least a month so he could get the &quot;real&quot; level of my pain.  Additionally he perscribed a bi-lateral epidural, and a test of the nerves on my facets.  I told him that I had the epidurals now for 4 years and they were no longer effective, and that because the pain was centrally located from the herniated disc pressing on my nerve canal I didn't think nor did my pain physican think that that was a viable treatment.  I left completely dishearted.  I sought out an experienced physican in the valley, Dr. A. Yeung.  Dr. Yeung arthroscopically removed the herniation with ease and completely eliminated the pain.  I wonder how many people are suffering because of this rookie physican. 	1	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	Dr. Gause is a wonderful physician.  He took the time to explain my condition and my treatment options.  He was experienced, knowledgeable, and helpful.  The Spine Institute of Arizona is not like the other spine centers I had been to.  They really concentrated on healing me with non-surgical options first.  It meant a lot knowing that surgery was the last option and the best option.  I would recommend Dr. Gause and the Spine Institute of Arizona to any friend or family member that was sufferring from back pain or neck pain.  They are a wonderful group of people, and it is wonderful to have pain management physicians, a chiropractor, and spine surgeon all under one roof.  Thank you Dr.  Gause, I am finally pain free! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
56	1	I was pleasantly surprised in how quickly I was able to get an appointment.  Dr. Ganem was very personable, straight forward with information and made me feel calm.  He didn't rush to leave the room and made sure I understood what needed to be done and when it would happen.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
56	1	I have gone to Dr. G for many years and his bedside manner pretty much stinks.  I don't doubt his ability, but he needs a lesson in tact. 	2	3	3	5 	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	He was rated one of the highest doctors in Arizona by Phoenix Magazine... I will never go back to him again. He has great bedside manners but I question his moral ethics. I am sure he has been good to other patients but I just felt like he took me for a ride because of my insurance.  	3	5	3	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
57	1	Dr. Garrett was a life saver for us.  My daughter had serious breathing problems in infancy, and I don't think we would have felt confidant getting through her medical problems without the knowledge and help of Dr. Garrett.  The staff is always helpful too.  I'm just so confident in Dr. Garrett's knowledge and expertise.  I can't recommend her enough. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	Dr.  Garrett is absolutely wonderful!! She has been my son's pediatrician since birth and we will never switch doctors! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
57	1	Dr Garrett and her staff are all very knowledgeable and helpful.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
57	1	This doctor belongs to a very big group. This is nice because they ALWAYS have same day openings. They have two offices and they are very well staffed. My son has been going there for a year and a half and has only had to see another doctor once and it was for a same day appointment. The office is very clean, kid friendly and has sporate areas for sick and well kids. Staff is very friendly and I dont ever feel rushed in my appointment. We have had to wait for a while a few times but I think that can be expected at any peds office.  		3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
58	-1	Dr. Gardner gave me the most painful examinations. Her personality is very cold, insensitive. She traumatized me.  	 8/11/11	2	2	1	Insurance:United Healthcare
58	1	I have been seeing Dr. Gardner for about four years now. She is one of the best doctors I have ever seen, taking an interest in other areas of my health than just the OB/GYN area. Her exams are not the most comfortable, but she is the type of doctor who finds things your regular PCP won't find. When she receives my bloodwork from my PCP, she is the first to call me to schedule more tests, if needed. She ordered a second blood test and then ordered parathyroid scan which resulted in a much needed surgery. She consults with other specialists to make sure she is correct with her diagnosis. Her comments about one's personal life are no different than any other doctor I've been to. She has been more than helpful with post-menopausal issues, relationship issues, and making sure that her patient's entire health is addressed, and not just the female organs. If you want a good doc who will look out for your entire health, I recommend Lynnell Gardner.  	 6/16/11	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
58	1	Very poor bed side manner. Left me bleeding after regular annual exam for 3 days. Most painful exam I have ever experienced in 17 years of receiving them. Her reply was &quot;ya its not going to be pleasant&quot; 	1	4	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	Not a particularly pleasant person.....but seems knowledgeable re: HRT.  	3	2	3	4 	Insurance:CIGNA
58	-1	The accounting department incorrectly coded procedures that would have been covered my Humana. Humana backed up the information. Dr Gardner was unwilling to contact the department to have them correct the coding, and I am now taking legal action. Dr Garner also felt comfortable to scold my grooming decision of a brazilian wax, not for medical reasons, but because of her personal preference. Overall tactless and rude woman, although very knowledgeable in her profession. Unwilling to correct accounting problems. I have seen her make three different assistants cry in less than one year. Overall a negative environment.http://www.humana-one.com/arizona-health-insurance/c...  	1	5	1	3 	Insurance:Humana
58	1	Will not return to her office. Staff was nice. but RN is very pushy also.  	3	4	3	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
58	-1	Well I actually worked for her about a year and it was one of the worst experiences I've ever had. She treats her patients horrible and when she would leave the exam room patients would always ask me is she was always that rude. Patients would often leave the office crying because she made them feel uncomfortable by questioning their personal life, such as who they are dating, eating habits, smoking, drinking, etc. I understand these questions are important but she made her patients feel like crap and pretty much insulted their personal choices in life. She is also very rude to her staff. She didnt care if patients were present she would still yell which was very embarrassing and unnecessary to handle the situation the way she did. I found out she was going to fire a student on her externship because she was fat! I let the student know before she got fired because if you get fired from your externship it effects your grade. She is just a really bad doctor I do not recommend her at all! 	1	2	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
58	-1	Horrible doctor for every reason mentioned by all the other posts. I only went there once years ago and will never again. Her staff is the same way when you state a concern, kinda laugh at you like you are stupid and how could you know anything.I will never go back.Sad to say, I've had so many bad experiences with women docs that I now avoid them. Being a feminist, I would love to support women advancing, but my health comes first.  	1	4	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
58	1	After reading through all these responses, I'll put in my two cents. Dr. Gardner is a smart woman; however, she is not at all knowledgeable about Natural Family Planning. She is intrusive and pestered me about using some form of contraception, despite my first paperwork says that I am Roman Catholic and would not use any. She does not give gentle exams. I saw her for my first pregnancy, about halfway through, because I had just moved here. When she did the first pelvic exam, I cried and screamed - and I am no wussy. It was so incredibly painful, as were all subsequent ones. The birth was fine; C-Section - she checked in often and was helpful. I wouldn't recommend her unless you want to cry your eyes out during pelvic exams. She is just not gentle. She's brilliant, but really abrasive and old-fashioned.  	4	3	3	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
58	1	I'm a translplanted New Yorker and have been going to Dr. Garnder since I moved here three years ago. I absolutely love her. She is the epitome of a tough and intelligent woman; she tells you how it is and what you're going to do about it. Despite the fairly abrasive personality, she knows her stuff and has softened up some over time. Her staff is extremely helpful, calling to follow up and check in occasionally.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
58	0	I agree with others when they mention that Dr. Gardner's pap smears are abnormally painful-she doesn't seem empathetic to how uncomfortable those are and I was truly shocked to see how abrasive she was.  She seems knowledgeable, but her advice was not practical.  She told me that I needed to stop drinking any coffee, caffeine, alcohol, cheese, to shower before and after sex, and after a bowel movement-who can realistically do these things&#63;  Also, I have sub-par insurance and since I am married, I specifically asked her not to conduct certain tests because I could not afford them, and she did them anyway, nearly tripling my estimated cost. 	5	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
58	0	I had a horrible experience. She put me up in the stirrups, and then LEFT THE DOOR OPEN. I am not kidding, she had to go get something, and left me there on the chair that way, door open. After the visit, she didn't (or wouldn't&#63;) write me a prescription for the birth control I had been using for the last year, but gave no reason why. It was like she wasn't listening to the bc pills i prefered or was on, she just didn't care.  Took three phone calls and another visit for me to get the prescription. I will never go back to her. 	1	5	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	I started going to Dr. Gardner when I was 18, I am now 37.  She can be 'rough around the edges' in her communication style (as someone else mentioned).  However, she is also very thorough and takes your health seriously.  That is why I continue to go to her.  In fact when living in another state I went to another dr.  They were nice...but they didn't have the same level of concern and thoroughness as she does.  Yes, there was a time when she did not seem to believe what I told her.  This was frustrating.  However, I value her attention to detail and I will put up with this because I feel her genuine concern for her patients' health outways the negative.  I have no clue why someone complained about a painful pap smear. Since 18 years old I have had no problem with these! 	5	3	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
58	-1	Dr. Gardner is the worst doctor I've even been to. During my last annual visit, she only examined one breast during the breast exam and then gave me the most painful pap-smear I have ever had. I have also had trouble refilling my birth control with her. I returned home on a Friday to find out she would not refill the prescription without seeing me for a 6 month follow-up, which I had not been informed about. This caused me to miss 2 days of taking the pill. Find another doctor! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	I'm young and I LOVE Dr. Gardner.  I used Dr. Gardner with my first delivery.  I was admitted to TMC after my water broke, but I wasn't dilated.   Dr. Gardner called to check on my progress frequently and came to see me in the evening.  I was scared by that point, but she stepped in and got everyone in shape and I calmed down immediately.  In the end, I had a c-section.  She's so good that I never feared the surgery - I was just sad to not have a normal vaginal birth.  Dr. Gardner took great care of me afterward.  I was disappointed that my insurance for my second son did not include her as a choice. It was a horrible delivery & I kept wishing she was there. She cannot be described as warm and fuzzy, but she's smart, knowledgeable, thorough, pulls no punches and is totally trustworthy.  If you want to be coddled and mothered, she is not for you.  But if you want a really good doctor to trust with your life and your baby's life, Dr. Gardner is the doctor I'd choose anytime.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
58	1	Saw her with a very high risk pregnancy (blood clotting disorder). She seemed a little rough around the edges at first but warmed up to me. She first said she couldn't deliver me because I needed to deliver at TMC due to my high risk. She did end up doing my &quot;emergency&quot; c section. She tells the truth, holds nothing back and doesn't take any crap. She's extremely smart and you know that you're safe if you listen to her. I really enjoyed her, especially as my pregnancy progressed. The only thing that bothered me, she thought I was still smoking. I always quit smoking as soon as I found out I was pregnant and it didn't seem like she believed me. I imagine she sees a lot of smoking mothers and most of them lie, so I can't say I blame her. I'm glad I had her for my pregnancy. She could have easily turned me away because of my risk. She stuck with me and I had a beautiful little boy that completed our family in the most wonderful way. I delivered July of 04.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
58	1	Very impressed: knowledgable, straight forward, efficient came highly recommended.  Punctual and professional. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	She is the best doctor I have had. I had 3 miscarriages before going to her and the other doctors were awful and very rude and uncaring. I found her when I was pregnant and told her my history and sent me for a sono and found out I had miscarried again. She called me at 7 that night just to check on me and make sure I was ok. Right away she did all the testing and found out why I was miscarring. Now and I have two healthy children. I had some complications after my first and was in the er at midnight and when she got there she was very nice and made sure that I got everything I needed. After I got home she called me every evening for 3 days to make sure that I was ok.She is very caring and makes sure you get the care you need.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
58	0	I have been with this doctor since 2006. New to the state of Az and had been with the same OB/GYN for the past 30+ years who was male. This was first experience with a woman GYN.  I am not happy with her at all and plan to not go back any more.  She is just too overbearing.  You don't feel like you are the central piece of the care plan.  Basically it is all her way and she is pushy about it.  She considers it &quot;doting&quot; over her patients.  I find her rude, pushy and intrusive.  I always leave there feeling aweful both mentally and physically.  Her exams are painfully rough.  I have read several of the other comments on this site from younger womens opinions, but at 52 I wholehartedly agree with them.  I am a health care professional and I would not recommend her to anyone I know personally.   I am going to shop around, it is my body and my money! 	3	2	2	3 	Insurance:Aetna
58	-1	Ok, it has been over two years since I was treated by Ms. Gardner, and I am still traumatized. She was ok during office visits, but when it came to actually delivering my baby, her demanding nature came out! I went in for a check up on a Friday at 39 weeks, and she told me I was 3 cm dialated and 100% effaced. She told me it would be soon, but definately not over the weekend. Well, when I went into labor later that night, you can only imagine her dismay when she was paged for delivery on Saturday. I pushed for an hour (as a first time mom), and she was very annoyed that I hadn't pushed my baby out yet. She acted like she was in a hurry, and just didn't want to be there. I tell everyone about this experience, and urge them to find another doctor if they are considering being seen by her. She destroyed the beauty of having my very first baby. P.S. A lot more horrifying events happened during delivery, but I will refrain. I don't want to scare anyone.  	2	2	1	2 	Insurance:Tricare
58	-1	This is the worse doctor I have ever met.  She is very bossy, self-centered and rude to young women.  She ended up misdiagnosing me with something very serious (told me I might not be able to have kids) for which I spend a whole month crying only to find out not only she had mis-diagnosed me but I was pregnant.  Then her office had the nerve to call me to make a prenatal appointment.  Do not go to her please. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
58	0	Very Rude to patients. Yells at her staff in front of everyone. Never on time has you waiting forever. Always changes to staff, never the same ones. 	3	1	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
58	0	Before I found this site, I thought for sure I was the only woman who felt negatively about Dr. Gardner. I think she's horrible, invasive, pushy, maniacal, insensitive and ridiculously overbearing. When I miscarried, she said, &quot;Well that's probably better since you're not married.&quot;.  	2	2	1	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
58	0	I changed doctors late into my pregnancy because I was so unhappy with Dr. Gardner. She seemed very nice at first, but ignored my concerns and the problems I have having with my pregnancy, often not even bothering to answer my questions at all, or giving responses that were completely irrelevent.  	4	4	2	3 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
58	1	I think she was really good. She was so helpful with my pregnancy. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
58	-1	This woman should not be allowd near any woman under 40. She has a complete disrespect for young modern women. I had been seeing her for almost 6 years, but my Last exam was so painful I felt violated and couldnt be intimate for almost 2 months. She is rude malicious and mean. Her bedside manner gets an F. Smart woman, but her professionalism is grossly inept. 		3	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	Dr. Gardner is amazing! She was so thorough and went through a complete history with me. She was in the room with me for an hour and made sure she covered everything!!! A very nice, knowledgable lady who is very easy to talk to. I highly recommend her. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
59	0	I was a patient of Dr. Gelzayd's for 3 years. He is a fine doctor, unfortunately, with TERRIBLE bedside manners. He is rude, arrogant, condescendent, and unsympathetic to his patient's emotional feelings. After an unprovoked angry tirade, I left his office in tears. I've never been treated so badly by an MD. Needless to say, will NOT return to Dr. Gelzayd and would NOT recommend him to anyone who expects to be treated professionally.  	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:CIGNA
59	1	Dr. G did my colonoscopy. It was totally painless. He was very kind. He listened to me and helped me to understand everything. I have sent all my family members to him and they have all had the same good results.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	1	Dr. Gelyzad got me write into his office and i was treated immediately. He and his staff were very prompt and professional. Now my whole family goes to see him. I was reated and back to normal in no time at all. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
59	-1	THIS WAS PROBABLY THE RUDEST DR IVE EVER MET. HE WAS CONDESCENDING, AND INSULTING. I WENT TO HIM IN EXTREME DISCOMFORT AND BEFORE HE EVEN LAID A FINGER ON ME, HE WAS TELLING ME MY PROBLEM DIDNT EXIST AND THAT ITS PURELY PSYCHOLOGICAL. RATHER THAN ASK ME HOW I FELT ABOUT MY PROBLEM HE WAS TELLING HOW ANDF WHERE MY PAOIN WAS. WEHN I COPRRECTED HIM HE SAID IT WASNT POSSIBLE. HE SENT ME ON MY WAY WOITHOUT ANY ADVICE OR EVEN FOLLOW UP INFO.  		1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
60	1	He is the BEST dentist did all my cosmetice work and very happy with it. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
60	-1	David J. Gibbons is inexperienced, unknowledgeable and a dentist to avoid. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	Dr. Gass is the most honest, ethical doctor I’ve ever had the good luck to meet (and I’ve heard quite a few stories about lousy, dishonest ones here in the Phoenix area, so you need to be careful!). With Dr. Gass, you never need to worry that you are being cheated and overcharged.  How can I tell&#63;  He kept telling me ways that I could save money!  If a doctor keeps suggesting ways for you to pay him less money, you know that he values your well-being over his own profit. His concern for me was obvious in the surgery too.  I was nervous at first about getting my wisdom teeth out, because all of my co-workers were telling me how terrible it was. They said that I’d be out for weeks.  Dr. Gass assured me there was nothing to worry about.  And he was right! I went back to work the very next day, fully recovered.  My co-workers were shocked.  That’s how talented this man is at oral surgery. Dr. Gass is an excellent doctor and I count myself very fortunate to have found him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
61	1	Thank you, thank you, Dr. Gass.  I had my two bottom wisdom teeth extracted a few weeks ago, and the experience was far different than I imagined it would be.  First, I couldn't believe how quick the surgery was. The best part, however, was that I had NO PAIN!!!    I prepared everything ahead, expecting I would be unable to do anything for two days. This was not the case. I did take it easy and nap some, but the medication didn't knock me out.  I am usually very sensitive to medication, but it didn't bother me.  I didn’t even take much of the hydrocodone he prescribed. I don't know how he did it, but I had  NO SWELLING either.  My husband took the day off work to take care of me. He has had many teeth extracted and his experiences have been nightmares. I really think he was amazed to see how well I did.  Thank you for calling that first night to check up on me and writing a follow up letter. Doctors don't seem to do those things any more.I would highly recommend Dr Gass for oral surgery. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
61	-1	Dr. Gass spent little to no time answering my questions before I had a tooth pulled. In the little time that was spent with me he was extremely rude. Outside of being in the chair the only interaction I had with him was when I signed the consent form. I have since gone to a recent oral surgeon who stated that Dr. Gass should have filled the empty socket with born material for a future implant. Again Dr. Gass did not inform me of any of this prior, or during one subsequent visit (I had to go back as I had dry socket). I have also been told by a couple of other dentists in the valley that Dr. Gass has a very poor reputation. I would highly suggest that people avoid going to his office. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	Doctor Gass is one of the most honest and moral surgeons I know, I would definitely recommend him to anyone needing oral or maxillofacial surgery! Not only does he have over 29 years experience but he also TRIES to save you money! I didn't know this before but most surgeons actually UP-charge which means they classify a procedure as being more work then it really is so they can get more money! Other surgeons also charge for an hour of general anethesia when all four wisdom teeth only take 20 minutes to take out!! If you need any oral surgery, get a quote from another surgeon then see Dr. Gass and YOU'LL BE AMAZED at the difference!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
62	-1	One of the worst child psychologists I have ever seen 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	Both the staff and Dr. Gerace were very helpful and knowledgeable. I would definitely recommend this clinic 	 11/13/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	Dr. Gerace is a highly knowledgable dr that takes time to listen to all ailments and then puts together a complete solution.  She'll thoroughly explain her diagnosis and the options for care that best suit you.  I highly recommend seeing Dr.  Gerace!!  	 11/7/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
63	1	She has always been very helpful. She solved a critical cardiac issue of mine. 	 6/20/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
63	0	I have been going to this practice for 5 years, I started going there because I lived next to the practice.  I have always been satisfied with the service for the most part.  At my most recent visit I had some concerning symptoms so Dr. Gerace ordered some labs, while I was having my blood drawn Dr. Gerace tended to my 10 week old daughter.  During my appt she asked plenty of questions and was very attentive. I have dealt with the same PA for 3 years and every year the office calls me to make my yearly visit with the doctor herself, although I can reason with the other comments regarding her extensive use of PAs and how she is very difficult to get a hold of and does not return phone calls herself. Will be changing PCPs simply due to the distance since I moved much further away.  	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
63	-1	Reading is believing! I wish I knew about this site prior to going to this office. Most have expressed negative comments on this doctor and office, and I have to agree with the negative comments. Save yourself the trouble and go to a different doctor.  	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:Aetna
63	1	I am literally SHOCKED by the negative comments. I recently changed insurance just to make sure I could keep going back to Dr. Gerace's office. I have never had to wait more than a few minutes for my appt. When I had back pain they were very thorough and helped me fix the problem rather than just throw drugs at me. Dr. Gerace is VERY careful to ensure people aren't using her as a drug source, to me this is responsible, caring doctoring. Her PA is fabulous and I dont' want anyone else! (I have had the same person for over a year) Do not go here if you want to just have prescriptions filled. This office actually cares what is going on with you and wants to see you to ensure you are getting what is best. Sorry guys, but just because YOU think that pain pills and antibiotics will make it all better doesn't make it right! I commend this office and staff and love the service and treatment.  THANKS 	4	5	4	4 	Insurance:Aetna
63	1	very knowledgable in emergency situations, acts quickly and professionally, patient, shares information and listens.  	3	4	3	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
63	-1	Pretty bad place.  I see this office as a co-pay &quot;mill&quot; if you will.  You DO NOT want to make this your regular doctor for a whole host of reasons.  I don't even think they really want return patients; just transients with sore throats, and maybe a headache here and there to collect the co-pay.  You will very rarely see Dr. Gerace but you will see a new PA each visit and each one less knowledgeable than the last (and I mean very unknowledgeable).  Would not recommend to anyone. All above reviews are accurate.  	1	2	2	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
63	1	I just want to commend Dr. Gerace and her staff on a wonderful job that they are doing, Dr. Gerace has been my PCP for the past year and has helped me tremendously with my diabetes and high cholestrol. She has ordered many test for the things that have been ailing me that many other doctors have overlooked and has finally found the correct medications to help me cope with normal daily activities, again I would recommend her to my mother.. GREAT JOB TO YOU AND YOUR STAFF 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
63	-1	I have had a bad experience the last three times I went to Dr. Gerace's office.  Her staff is typically behind schedule.  I wanted to talk to her on the phone last week, but she refused to communicate with me without an appointment ($$$).  I made an appointment to see her, but when I arrived I was informed that she was not in the office.  I was offered to the opportunity to see a less qualified assistant.  Once again her office wasted my valuable time.  I will be looking for a new doctor.  	2	1	1	3 	Insurance:CIGNA
63	-1	Horrible service. Rude, nasty, and unsympathetic to a patient in extensive pain. Save yourself the trouble and go somewhere else. She is a really rude to her staff and then they are rude to the customers! Expect to wait a long time and then in our case be denied service. BOO to Dr. Gerace and staff! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	I like Dr. Gerace, but I do know she uses PA's extensively and her staff can be kind of stern. In fact the first time I saw her, she was sort of stand off-ish. But she is very knowledgeable. She is intense though. I like that she does all the blood work on-site. Because she has the 'urgent care' side of her practice, the she and the staff have to be on-guard for the prescription drug abusers, that may be why she is so particular about prescribing. Over use of even anti-biotics is not good for you. I guess I will keep going to her unless one of her PA's or staff is a problem.  	3	2	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
63	-1	Dr Gerace always managed to order every test possible for any issue I had. She is also condescending and often rude. The best decision I made was to switch PCPs to someone who actually listens to what I have to say, and answers my questions thoroughly. Do not waste your time with Dr Gerace or her ever-changing staff.  	2	1	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
63	-1	. when i found a lump in my breast she said she didnt think it was cancer it was when i needed suygery she told me to find a surgeon in my medical group she was no help or support 	2	2	1	2 	Insurance:CIGNA
63	-1	Dr. Gerace was my PCP for four years. I kept telling her how awful her staff is, but she kept churning through the folks the Burger King down the street refused to hire, so I changed PCPs. I could deal with her snotty attitude, but losing test results, failing to return phone calls and routine lies to patients (overheard during numerous lengthy waits) over the course of the years became too much. Please stay away from this practice. I have worked in healthcare for over 20 years and this is as bad as it gets. She does not seem to care that her patients are poorly served.  	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
63	-1	I have chosen to change PCPs as of today. Dr. Gerace has been my doctor for 2 years, and was fine with random colds and such, until I broke my ankle. While I have no problems wiht her as a doctor, I only actually ever saw her once. It was mostly just nurses and such. My main problem is with the office staff. I have called 4 times now for a referral to physical therapy for my broken ankle. They keep losing the referral, or doing it wrong, or sending me to dr's not on my insurance or ones that are 3 cities away when there is one right on my street.  	1	3	1	3 	Insurance:CIGNA
63	-1	I had a terrible experience with Dr. Gerace. She was condescending and extremely short with me for my yearly physical. I felt like none of my issues were addressed and she just wanted to move onto the next patient. I would not recommend this office to anyone.  		1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
63	-1	I can only agree with all the postings, yes extremely rude. It has been 2 yrs. since I went there one time and I still remember her callous cold attitude. Please avoid if you need medical assistance.  		1	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
63	-1	For one, it should not cost so much to get anti-biotics for a simple ear infection. And, I am a Flight Attendant, my job in the plane puts repeated on/off pressure on my ears. Dr. Gerace doesn't seem to get that. It took six days for my ears to clear... yet she okay'd me returne to work after two days. That would have put me in danger of busting my ears. It happens all the time to Flight Crew who are not responsible enough to get pulled from the line. Result: Busted ears, blood leaking out of ears, hearing loss. I have seen it happen to co-workers. I have a childhood history of earinfections and perferated eardrums, with scaring. When I call in sick, it costs me a lot of money. So, with the Dr. Fees, it cost me about $1,000.000 and the doc acts like I'm faking my condition! Look, I'd work if I were on the ground no problem. But, I'M IN A PRESSURE CHAMBER FOR FOUR DAYS, ON AND OFF PRESSURE, SIX TIMES A DAY. She doesn't get it. A 4 day doc.  note and antibiotics, how hard is that&#63; AVOID! 		3	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
63	-1	I was a reporter in the healthcare industry for more than a decade, so I know a thing or two about physicians. Dr. Gerace should be ashamed of herself. Unfortunately, years ago I was infected with genital herpes and explained to Dr. Gerace that I needed Valtrex as manitenance therapy. Although my previous physician confirmed my condition, she refused to prescribe for me because she &quot;had to see it for herself&quot; before she could give me a script. (Basically, wait until you get sick and then come see me.) So eventually I had an outbreak, and wasted an hour in her office waiting to see her. When she finally saw me, she said, &quot;Are you having an outbreak right now&#63;&quot; I said yes, and she said OK, then wrote the script. Didn't look to see for herself at all. Guess she just wanted the money from an office visit. I absolutely do NOT recommend this physician.  		1	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
63	-1	Dr. Gerace's office is a mess! Tons of people work there, and over the year and a half I've been going there, I never saw the same Physician Assistant (PA) twice. And yes, she only hires PAs because it's cheaper. After dealing with her lack of interest and the rudeness of the entire staff, I had an experience that made me finally give up on her. I needed my BLOOD PRESSURE medication prescription refilled. I called them repeatedly to request that they call the prescription in to the pharmacy, and they never did it. We aren't talking about diet pills here. We are talking about BLOOD PRESSURE medication. How irresponsible is that&#63;&#63;&#63; After I while, they would just put me on hold and leave me there. When my husband tried, they claimed there was no record of my request. BUT the pharmacy itself HAS those records. They faxed the request at least twice. Dr. Gerace is quite pretty, but she obviously cares more about her nails and hair than she does her patients.  		1	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
63	-1	I went in to her office for a check up for an infection. She ran about of test that came up fine but did not answer any of my questions. She referred me to a doctor(another DO)for OBGYN issues and he was not in my network. I have joint pain and every time I call there for a question or a referral they put into voicemail. I see a different person every time I go there and that whole office is rude and they all think they are doctors even the front desk staff. I do not go to the doctor to hear of their personal problems and what they do for them. That whole staff needs to stop talking of their self and do what they are paid to do---make people better. I can not believe I wasted so much time going to that place. I am never going there again. I still have no idea why I am in pain. None of my questions were ever answered. That place should not be open.  		1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
63	-1	I was referred to her, she had no personality and was quite rude, she did give me a number of tests which was helpful, but as for follow-up she would not return phone calls and always got VM, I was very upset and then she decided she no longer wanted me as patient and sent me a letter stating this. Due to my history of colon cancer & heart disease I was so upset that she would just toss me aside like this. Is this what has become of our doctors, I was just another # to her, she showed no interest in me and I had to find another doctor to get me a colonscopy and find my own cardiologist. She should not be practising medicine. It is very sad situation that we put our trust into these doctors and if they dont like you they toss you aside.  I would never recommend her to anyone 		2	1	3 	Insurance:CIGNA
63	-1	This doctor was probably one of the worst I've seen. I was suffering from severe fatigue, migraines and post traumatic syndrome when she saw me. She treated me in a demeaning and rude way and offered little help, medical or otherwise. She spoke of herself (see previous rater comment) and her meds, was cold and jittery in her demeanor. Zero compassion. Very degrading experience overall.  		1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
63	-1	Gerace is a know-it-all. She treated me like she didn't have time for me and that my mental health problems weren't important enough for her. She cussed, using the word &quot;hell&quot; a number of times throughout my visit. She talked about herself, her problems and what medications work for her, never asking me how I felt. She was self-centered, unprofessional and unfriendly to say the least. Don't waste your time...  		2	1	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
64	1	very caring, quite concerned about a person's threshold for pain (doesn't want you to hurt!) everyone in the office is really friendly, too 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
65	-1	This doctor is rude and unprofessional.  Not a caring or understanding bone in his body.  My experience was horrible and would never recommend him to any one. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
65	-1	I regret having the misfortune to have crossed paths with this doctor.  I feel I could have been better served by others. 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	Very freindly and helpful and knowlegeable.will fit you in for an emergency,and advises where to fill prescriptions to save money. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	Dr. Gay is alway professiona and polite. He takes the time to listen to what you have to say without leaving you with the feeling of being rushed out of the office.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	1	Helped my dad very much saved him from near death ! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	I met this Dr. At Patients1st at the Promed Bldg. He was very nice and smart.  His staff were all very smiley! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
67	1	Sandra is the best NP I have ever met.  She is also better than any doctor I have encountered.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
68	0	Office staff is very unhelpful to make an appointment.  I have serious problem and they cannot give me an appointment 3 only weeks out.  When you do get an appointment it takes many hours to see the doctor.  Staff is not helpful and non caring.  The actual doctor I like but staff is terrible.  	1	1	2	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
68	0	Dr. Gibson is knowledgable but abrupt. Her nurse can't keep things straight. Gayle is the only saving grace of that practice (PA). The office staff is terrible, rude and unfriendly. Only reason I go there is to see Gayle, she'll spend as much time as necessary to make sure you are taken care of. Dr. Gibson makes me wait over an hour to be seen then spends 10 min with me if I'm lucky. When I addressed this issue the office staff told me that that's how any practice is. They also told me I needed to wait to be seen over a week and a half and when I called to complain about that they said that Linda (nurse) must have misunderstood me because that happens a lot (according to Dr).  Uh hello get a new nurse then! 	1	1	2	3 	Insurance:CIGNA
68	-1	My mother waited almost 2 hours while the doctor was in with a pharmacutial rep. Every time I go in with her there is at least three during our wait one rep left after being with Dr. Gibson and 2 others walk in to see the doctor.  I have never seen such a disrgard to patients in my life!  You don't make an elderly woman wait for 2 hours while you meet with a pharma rep! Also the information on the patient was incorrect. Linda, her nurse is very ubrupt on the phone and too often it is forgotten what they prescribed to the patient by Dr. Gibson. Her hand writing is highly illegible and even the nurses comment that they have no idea what was written!! When calling for a refill on a medicine that Dr. Gibson prescribed I was told I would have to see a specialist if I wanted the medicine. I was asked who prescribed the medicine in the first place, I could not believe it. Yes too many appointments, wrong blood work, called back for correct blood test charged a co-pay for her to read the result. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
68	-1	Have never been seen on time, once waited nearly an hour after scheduled appointment to be seen. Assistant repeatedly failed to find blood pressure despite multiple attempts over repeated visits. Doctor also failed to find blood pressure on multiple visits. Told me to lose weight but did not offer suggestions or help to do so. Blamed most health problems on weight without running additional tests or looking into alternate diagnoses.  	3	2	1	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
68	1	I really like Dr. Gibson and her staff. Very knowledgeable and super nice. I have paid extra for my family insurance in order to remain a patient of Dr Gibson.  	 6/11/09	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	1	Dr. Gibson has been our family doctor for 21 years, and we wouldn't go to anyone else.  If we do go to the PA, we are  quite happy with them as well.  Maybe it's hard to get an appointment because she is a good doctor&#63;  And I'd rather pay a reasonable amount for good health care than extra for a fancy waiting room and &quot;good magazines.&quot; 	5	4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	Dr. Gibson has been my doctor for 20 years.  Wouldn't want another.  The staff and the wait are like in any other office, so I gave them average marks.  But Dr. Gibson is top notch.  	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	-1	Hard to get an appointment. Usually refered to a PA. Was kept waiting in an ugly examination room (no mags, no nice pictures, duct tape on the carpet)for 45 minutes. Dr Gibson was impatient and gave me only 10 minutes of her time. I had questions that I NEEDED answers to. Instead I received some basic information and I felt that me or my time was not that much important to her.  	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:CIGNA
68	-1	I had to wait so long... I just left.... This has been happing more and more. I call the office I I don't even get an ansering machine... Just automated message for office hours. This is during the day M-F... I have been a patient for 15years plus and I'm currently looking for a new GFP.  	2	1	1	2 	Insurance:CIGNA
68	-1	dr gibson does not answer questions unless you pay extra dr gibson is always late she plays rap music in her waiting room while there are children there dr gibson agrees to run a test and then runs a differant test and to get the test results  you have to make another appt and pay extra people in her waiting room are in general unhappy the last time i was there there was one person who seemed happy and the wait time to get an appt can be a month or more dr gibson made my sister wait a year all the while telling she might have cancer 	2	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	Personable, knowledgable, excellent G.P.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
69	1	I like Dr. Garred.  However, the front desk and waiting left a bit to be desired.  One does not get a sense of a well run professional medical practice as files are stacked everywhere. The women at the front desk are not friendly and in fact are mostly sullen, they ignore you for long minutes when you approach and even get up and leave you standing there.  When they finally do ackowledge you it is with what appears to be extreme displeasure that you are bothering them.  They seem have a problem passing phone messages Dr. Garred.  I waited for call backs from the Dr. or PA, or even the nurse, but no calls and ended up calling back only to find out they never expressed my concerns to her and my request for a call back.  	1	4	4	4 	Insurance:Aetna
69	1	This is a busy office,but the wait was minimal. Dr. Garred was attentive, thorough, and planned for follow-ups to check progress. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
69	-1	Dr. Garred was very rushe and abrupt. After only one medical test she told me &quot;I can't help you&quot; For further tests, she insisted I see someone within their multi practice. I already had someone else I had already been to and liked. The front dest and waiting left much to be desired and you does not produce the sense of a well run professional medical practice. The two young women at the front desk are mostly sullen, ignore you for long minutes when you approach and even get up and leave you standing there. They talk to their family/friends who call after you have already been standing there for up to 5+ minutes. When they finally do ackowledge you it is with what appears to be extreme displeasure that you are bothering them.  		2	2	2 	Insurance:Tricare
70	-1	My husband and I had a consultation which Dr. Celery told me my left ovary was stuck to my uterus and right fallopian tube was full with fluid. He told us to come back on my first day of my period to see if eggs can go threw any of my tubes. I call an Andrea and say I only wanna see Dr. Celery not his assistant. I get there and its her. She does a monogram again an tells me everything looks good! She says I need to start Ivf right away. The rest is a waste of time cuz she's the Ivf queen! I went to the one person I trust who knew my I awe since she wouldnt listen what he explained. She said five minutes u can see the Dr. Then his assistant comes in an tells me I have to wait in waiting room. I wait four hours and finally talk with digits. He tells me by pictures everything is good. I said last time u said it wasn't! He told me well I am guessing I am not sure unless we do surgery. I can't tell by a sonogram. I was treated like dirt and u get a different story everytime.THEY JUST WANT $ 	 5/18/12	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
70	-1	Do NOT use this doctor. He's slightly cheaper- you'll pay more in the end. He will hyperstimulate his patients to obtain more eggs and implants more to boost his numbers. I was hyperstimulated by him - to the point of unbearable pain/illness. I was sent home w/ no instructions and NOBODY checked in on me during my illness. I was YouTubing what to do. (His cell is being given because of a previous Medical Board complaint filed years ago because he left a patient w/o any means of communicating w/ him after surgery) Since I was hyperstimulated (HS), I wasn't able to use my fresh embryos. Because once you are HS, the condition (w/ pain) continues for months if you get pregnant. My embryos had to be frozen and the use of them failed. (I obtained success w/ a different doctor.)He will spend plenty of time with you during the consolation in order to gain your business. But, you will only work w/ his assistant, Martha, who is only a nurse practitioner. I believe this office operates under questionable ethical standards. 	 4/29/12	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
70	-1	.  	 1/28/12	1	1	1	Insurance:Aetna
70	1	After 6 months with the other doctor in town, I switched to Gelety.  Yes, the office is not as snazzy as the other REs, but he and Marta give you very personal attention.  He tailors the treatment to the individual, unlike the other RE, who uses a one protocol fits all approach.  Dr. Gelety, Marta, and Dr. Wu work non-stop.  Gelety &amp; Marta even give you their cell phone numbers.  I honestly don't know how they do it, but their hard work is what leads to their success rates.  I thought the prices were extremely reasonable compared to other clinics in the US, and the recommendation to buy our meds from Europe literally saved us thousands of dollars.  I highly recommend this RE. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	Dr. Gelety is an excellent doctor! We got pregnant after our first IVF with him after the other doctor in town basically told me I most likely needed donor eggs and another doctor in Phoenix told me that IVF would be too much of a risk. Dr Gelety is highly skilled at what he does and he has been doing this a very long time.He also calls you personally, and works on weekends if need be. He and his NP are very hard workers and they are committed in getting results for their patients and that is why they do not go on vacations, unlike the other doctor here in town who goes on month-long vacations which in turn, post-pones treatment. Also, he makes everything as affordable as possible, including recommending a pharmaceutical company in Europe who offer IVF meds at 1/3 the price as the Apothocary shop here in town. Yes, maybe the office doesn't look like the other doctor's here in town and his equipment is not as new, but realize that the patients pay for all of that. And We are pregnant! 	 8/18/11	5	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	Dr.  Gelety and Marta are the best!! I got two wonderful boys because of them! 	2	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
70	1	Dr. Gelety is an awesome doctor. He is very honest, however, which is why some people don't care for him. People complain about his 'bedside manner.' Here's the deal... He's going to tell you the truth. He's not going to coddle or lie to you. He's going to be 100% honest. I found this refreshing. I also found it refreshing that after 3 IUI's, 5 IVF's, and 10 years, Dr. Gelety got me pregnant on the first try. I will never go to anyone else. Sometimes the office staff is difficult to deal with, but it's possible to just deal with Marta and Dr. Gelety. 	4	4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
70	-1	. after the first time iui from Dr Gelety,my wife and me feel really disppoint about him,he never  (diagnose) the problem but to attempt to do iui again and again, 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
70	1	I find Dr Gelety very knowledgeable and well intended.  He returns calls, answers questions, and is very realistic without being patronizing.  He is a little bit speedy and like a hummingbird at times, but it adds to his charm.  My appts are usually on time. My biggest complaint would be that within the office sometimes the right hand does not seem to know what the left hand is doing.  We're trying to get pregnant, but I feel confident that if it can be achieved, it will be with Dr Gelety's help.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
70	1	1st time and was all around impressed. Office clean, staff pleasant and helpful.Appt. on time. Dr. Gelety was very informative and took quite a bit of time to explain conception, hormone levels, pregnancy and procedure options. I work in healthcare and was impressed by how my husband and I were treated.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
70	1	The doctor's staff is unprofessional and unreliable. There's nothing bad I can say about the doctor.  	1	4	4	4 	Insurance:Aetna
70	-1	The office stopped having their in-house lab be covered under insurance plans because they did not like the amount they contracted with the insurance companies. Do not give you the option of using an outside lab. They do not disclose the cost of procedures or what will be covered by your insurance prior to billing you. Get billed for procedures that did not happen. Never on-time. Does not respect patients privacy unless they are going to emmotionally hammer you. A complete nighmare time in our life.  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
70	1	I like Dr. Gelety. He is a neat doctor- he knows his skill.Listen to him and he will do his best to get u pregnant, only God is the final call and that is out of docs hands- if it was up to Doc- he would have a 100% rate and be a billionaire! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
70	-1	I've been seeing to Dr. Gelety for several years - 3 miscarriages and never an idea of why and how. He is not optimistic and in, my opinion, is unsure of what the next step should be and then asks you what you want to do....there's a reason why I am there - He's the Doctor! I am disgusted with his office. On numerous occassions they have tried billing me for lab tests, not covered by my insurance plan, that I have not received. I go to the lab instead and have to explain every time! I also need a special shot Rhogam because of my blood type; he has never explained the benefits to it. I've asked numerous times and he tells me not to worry about it at this time, yet miscarriage #3!! I have seen Dr. Hutchison in the past; and will be returning to see him. At least his office is consistent and they seem to be more in tune with you as a patient going through distress.  	1	3	2	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
70	-1	This man is a quack and his office is filthy.  Only thing he was interested in was taking my money. Very unprofessional.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Tricare
70	-1	Their in house lab is not covered by any insurance yet they do not tell you this, they bill your insurance company and when it's denied they bill you.  They do not give the option to use a lab that is covered under your insurance.  They bill you and your insurance for services they did not provide.  They try to run up the bill as high as possible and do not correct the problems.  Gelety, is to busy to answer questions or explain things in detail.  He becomes annoyed when you corner him on this and does not interact with you in private.  He instead will talk to you in the lobby in front of waiting clients or outside the rooms in the hall as people walk by.  You have no privacy.  They do not call you back for days and do not follow up on promises they make.  The HCG shot is only $15 at wilmont pharmacy for the generic brand but they will try to charge you $150 in office out of pocket.  Becareful using this office.  Have all costs disclosed up front and get preapproved by your insurance.  	1	2	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
70	-1	no comment for fear of being legally responsible for what I write.  However, it was not a good experience. 	1	3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	Dr. Gelety himself was a very good doctor.Sometimes I had to ask questions because there wasnt much information given at times. He got us pregnant. He also told us the same thing as the other comment stated, &quot;dont be too happy yet&quot;. I understand that I was considered a high risk pregnancy and all, but for someone that had been trying to conceive and just found out that their dream had came true, thats not the very next word you want coming out of the doctors mouth. But, however it goes, I am thankful for his services. His staff on the other hand was pretty awful. I too needed medical records asap and it took forever! The receptionist that worked there when I went were horrible. They looked like they were there as &quot;eye candy&quot;. With us, that is the last thing that I care to see when I am at the dr. for a female problem! But overall, if you can handle the staff and asking questions that you thinkg you need to know, then I would go for it. dont expect a dr.  that will hold your hand! 	3	3	4	4 	Insurance:Tricare
70	-1	The doctor is never on time, first consultation I waited over 2hrs, that should have been my first clue.  The doctor is rude, no eye contact and unprofessinal.  For a doctor to burst out saying: &quot; then why not get a hysterctomy I can give you the names of 40 surgeons.  What's your problem, Pacificare pays you to come to me.  Pacificare does not pay me very well.  I currently have a complaint filed with Pacificare.  I too am having problems getting my records, they do not meet the time frame.  And I am having problems in regards to the coding on the billing statements.  I am having to pursue the correct codes because the doctor's office has not responded to the two written requests by the insurance carrier.  Now I have to get the proper code for Lab work as well.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Pacificare
70	0	He is one of the worst doctors ever. We waited FOREVER - every time. The staff was rude or just didn't seem to know who was doing what. The doctor had barely any time and was quite negative. You don't tell someone who just got pregnant &quot;don't be so happy yet, you don't know what can happen&quot;. I know he has MUCH knowledge but you have to have patience and a very thick skin for this office.  Good luck! 	2	1	2	4 	Insurance:Aetna
70	1	Honest. Eyecontact. Respect. Succinct. Got us pregnant. Outstanding.  	5	3	4	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
70	1	Dr. Gelety is the best!  We had tried other reproductive medicine doctor in Tucson with horrible results.  Then we went to Dr. Gelety.  He is a no nonsense kinda guy which we appreciated.   See him before anyone else! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
70	1	I have had such a great experience with Dr. Gelety. I went to him for a second opinion after my OB/GYN told me I needed surgery. I immediately felt comfortable with Dr. Gelety because he took the time to explain everything in much better detail than my OB/GYN did. I decided to go with Dr. Gelety for the surgery. He has an awesome bedside manner and I would highly recommend him.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
70	-1	We waited in waiting room usually 1.5-2 hours. Our phone calls and lab results were work not called back the same day even though they were marked stat and I needed the results to adjust medication. My requests for medical records not complied with in the time they stated. They told me it would be a week; so far it has been over two weeks. They did not provide patient education material. I have much more specific comlaints but do not wish to be liable for unproven allegations so I am researching weather he used appropriate standard of medical care. Basically, though we did not feel that anyone there including the doctor cared at all about our situation. In fact, I traveled to Tucson from Prescott (3 hours) to see the doctor 4 times and only saw the doctor for 10 minutes the first time. The rest of the appointments I only saw the NP (who is very sweet). The last appointment I saw him for the actual procedure. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
71	1	Very &quot;in tune&quot; with patient. Explains clearly 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
71	1	Was good 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	Very knowledgeable; compared to two other so called &quot;cosmetic dentists&quot; his fees were reasonable, with 3 times the education. I was very pleased and would recommend again. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
72	-1	Agree with other rating, that this Dentist see's $$Dollar-Signs$$. The front office secretary was rude. The only person I liked was the lady who cleaned my teeth, she was &quot;excellent, friendly, thorough&quot;. Found a Prostadontist in Scottsdale that was &quot;awesome and professional&quot; with a beautiful office. The cost was 3/4 &quot;less&quot; than what this Dentist was trying to charge me. Hmmmm..... 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
72	0	The office is very nice. But when you see your bill, you'll know why. The doctor is knowledgeable, but I rated him un-helpful because most people couldn't afford him to help them fix their mouths. He's about 3 times as much as most. He seems very educated but I couldn't help but think he was just seeing dollar signs. Thorough exam, took plenty of time to speak with me, but I won't be back. Found another qualified doctor to do the same work for 1/3rd as much. 		5	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	Dr. Ghattas is a very personable, caring and friendly doctor.  He is very knowledgable and does refer to other kinds of doctors if he feels it to be medically necessary for the patient's well being.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
74	1	I ran into Dr. Gerhauser by word of mouth.  The lady indicated she had really disturbing menopausal symptoms and he was one of the few people able to help her treat it and was patient enough to get her dosage combination and treatment right.  Dr. Gerhauser is an MD whose practice is a combination of allopathic and naturopathic philosophies.  He has a lot of patience, will listen to you, will try to diagnose the source of the problem instead of throwing medicine at it.  He also explains to you in detail any medical issues or medicines, he treats you like a fellow physician and doesn't talk down to you.  Because he's considerate, I often leave his office feeling better.  I've circled through a lot of physicians due to my current illness and had to weed them out, but I'm keeping Dr.  Gerhauser in my back pocket:-) 	4	5	5	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
75	1	I had ECT down with Dr Gaughn. It has saved my life. Dr Gaughn was knowledgeable and helpful through the entire process. If you are looking for help, he is the person to go to.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
76	1	My family is very grateful for the services we received at Dr. Gatt's office about 6 months ago. She spent an hour with me one on one going over our child's history and current issues, a number of hours with our son, then another hour-long feedback session. We got TONS of good information and our son has made some definite gains thanks to the information and interventions she recommended.  I'm not sure if the Feb 3, 2012 mom is aware of how psychological evaluations work, but they are typically a one shot deal (or so many hours split across days). Anyway, it is no wonder she is very highly regarded in the community... we were very pleased with her professional opinion and the down to earth way she spoke to us and our son. 	 7/9/12	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
76	-1	A complete waste of our time and money, I have very little faith in her abilities to form an objective diagnosis.  Arrogant - After spending only 5-6 hours testing our child, she formed a diagnosis without need for parental input (other than answers contained on her limited forms).  After questioning why she didn't bother to speak with us before TELLING OUR SON her diagnosis, she finally set up an appointment several weeks later for us to finally meet, but it was merely an act to placate querying parents, as it was clear her pre-formed opinion was concrete. After spending $2,500 for an evaluation we have very little faith in, we're now in the position of having to pay twice to get one quality eval for our child with the hope he may finally get the right kind of help for his disabilities. Also, this ordeal will drag on for what will be over a month by the time we finally get the eval, although we requested it ASAP for our child to receive the appropriate accomodations at school. 	1	2	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
77	-1	Very unknowledgeable. Only thing she knows is to order labs. Even cannot interpret labs well. Gave me diagnosis of something which I never had. Order battery of tests which were not required and my insurance refused to pay and I ended up paying around $2000.00 for those labs. Will not recommend this physician. 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
77	-1	Staff was cold and uninformed. Docotor's referrals were to her own medical group and the quality was poor.  	1	3	1	2 	Insurance:Medicare
77	-1	Doctor Gallo, I've actually never had a problem with, it's with ACP, which represents her. They are all money hungry. She and ACP are denying my husband medical attention because we are making payments on a bill we owed. I have been making my payments but now we're being denied attention. Sorry that we don't make your wages to be able to pay my bills.  	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
77	-1	staff was inefficient and not helpful, doctor  spent little time with me.  	1	2	2	2 	Insurance:Medicare
77	1	Never had a problem with Dr. Gallo. Have no intentions of ever changing doctors.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
77	1	Both my daughter and I are patients of Dr Gallo, and she is extremely thorough, very knowledgable and goes out of her way to check on us after we have been in to see her. And just for the record, by law, doctors are required to SEE patients who they are responsible for to follow up, change treatments or answer health related questions. I think some people have gotten lazy and think they should be able to manage their health over the phone. She has always returned my calls, informed me personally of test results and takes great care of my daughter. I would, and do, consistently recommend her to friends and family.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
77	0	Dr is very poor, she makes you visit for everything, even to review labs, she is money hungry. She only lets you address one issue at a time and cuts you off, she does not stress the follow up appt sched she likes to follow. Her staff is limited to not doing prior auths. they cannot fax or mail prescriptions you have to go to the office to pick them up. She is only interested on making money and has left me in the room several times to handle personal calls from her grown sons. She will not accept people with Ahcccs and she does not read her messages thuroughly. I have on several occasions heard her making fun of patients to her staff.  I would not recommend her as a dr to anyone who is not **** or poor. I feel sorry for her staff as most often they look angry and the front office person has way too much work to do.  Dr Gallo needs help 	4	2	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
77	0	Dr. Gallo really knows her stuff, but she's either TOO careful, or she's greedy--with me and 2 friends who also see her, she makes the patient come in for a full appointment for anything, including just telling you that she wants you to continue a current course of care when she knows the reason you needed the appt. to begin with was to CHANGE the course of care!  Also, I don't like being treated like a naughty child--due to a traffic jam caused by a huge accident, I was FIVE MINUTES late for an appointment, and I was given the choice of rescheduling or waiting &quot;till there's a break in the schedule.&quot;  That turned out to take over 2 hours, and I felt very sure that the purpose was to impress upon me that tardiness will be punished! (Hey...I was 5 minutes late; I've always had to wait far longer than that for her! Does she gets chastised&#63;)  That said, she is knowledgable, and Sam does seem to be a thing of the past.  	4	2	1	5 	Insurance:Pacificare
77	1	Avery good doctor. She told me what the problem and she took my problem away.I wish she was still my doctor. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
77	1	I changed insurance companies and was in need of a good all around doc that could do everything. I was a little hesitant on going with Dr. Gallo based on the previous patients comments, but I have been extremely satisfied with my decision. The staff is very friendly and return my phone calls at a timely manner. Dr. Gallo knows what she's talking about, and if she doesn't she'll find the answers for you. She is a very friendly lady and makes you feel very comfortable, even during the 'yearly check up'. I've gone to doc's in the past that are in such a hurry to get onto the next patient that you feel kind of violated, but with Dr. Gallo, she talks with you, asks how school or work is going and leaves the room with all your questions answered. From my experience, I think either this &quot;Sam&quot; girl was fired or has changed her attitude. I've referred my sister &amp; her husband to this office and they've had similar experiences as I've had.  	4	3	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
77	0	Dr. Gallo is extremely knowledgeable and careful, but Sam is the WORST! Doesn't return phone calls, doesn't relay messages; doesn't know how to do her job. I think I've heard Dr. Gallo say, &quot;I'll need to talk to Sam about that&quot; (as in, correct her behavior) more than I've heard her say, &quot;Hello.&quot; 	1	3	1	5 	Insurance:Unknown
77	-1	Staff is aweful. Dr Gallo's answer to everything was to eat right and exercise, she never listened to me and my issues. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
77	1	The Dr.'s assistant, Sam, seems to either not know what she is doing or maybe doesn't care. She doesn't really listen when I ask questions and the Dr. Gallo doesn't &quot;seem&quot; to get my messages.  Sam seems to not understand  &quot;referals&quot; or how to handle &quot;pre-authorizations&quot;.  I really like Dr. Gallo, but I am considering changing Dr.s because of Sam. 	 3/3/09	2	1	4	Insurance:Unknown
77	-1	sam is catty and unkind,gave me a referral to an out of network doctor, will not return calls. messages not left with the doctor.  after all this, i am told that the doctor will not treat me until i have seen the doctor that i was referred to-OUT OF NETWORK!!! 	1	3	1	3 	Insurance:Unicare
77	-1	Going else where for better medical care. Poor customer service. Front office staff problems. Staff does not respond to messages left regarding prescriptions or request to results on lab work. Very disorganized place.  I am moving to another doctor 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unicare
78	1	He seemed to talk less, but definitely fixed my problems without hassle. I think he is very knowledgeable and patient enough to listen.  	3	3	4	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
78	0	Dr.Ghanta Was not as thorough as I would have liked. He seems every intelligent however I would have like more insight. He did not seem to listen very well to my feelings.  	4	4	3	3 	Insurance:Tricare
79	1	I disagree with some of the comments that have been posted already.  Dr. Gettleman has been seeing my son for over 8 years, and he does a great job!  He IS fast, but that is because he is confident and knows what he is doing, which I appreciate, as I don't want to waste my time during a visit to the doctor.  He makes my son feel better about going to the doctor by playing with him, but he is listening to my concerns at the same time.  He doesn't give unnecessary antibiotics, and although there were a few times when I was disappointed NOT to receive a medication, I listened to his advice and went home and did what he said, and he was right each time.  My child did not need antibiotics at all in those cases, and I'm glad that he didn't just give him a medicine to make a worried mom feel better!  He is a great doctor who knows what he is doing!  I recommend him to all of my friends and coworkers.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
79	-1	Came in with my child; based on my experience with 3 kids and my child's symptoms, I thought it was strep.  Doctor said it was post nasal drip and wouldn't give him a strep test.  I was adamant and after he lectured me and made me feel stupid about wanting one, he finally relented.  Test came back positive for strep; when he came back to tell me, he didn't apologize nor had any sympathy.  Still didn't want to provide prescription for antibiotics; said it would go away in 4 days or so.....wanted me child to suffer and made me feel like I was not a good parent for wanting the antibiotics. 	1	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
79	-1	We have been going to Great Destinations Pediatrics for 16 years.  Every doctor in the office is great but Dr Gettleman.  We just went on Thursday to see our 3 year old daughter. The previous Monday our older daughter was tested positive for strep by a our (different) family doctor and prescribed antibiotics. I was prescribed the same on the Tuesday. We both were markedly better a day later.    Dr Gettleman said that it is only coincidence that we got better right after we got medicine. He didn't even do a test on her.    If this was the only time we had this kind of experience I would never post it. It is always like this with Dr Gettleman. He talks down to us. The surgery he performed had to be corrected with a second surgery.    We only see him at Great Destinations Pediatrics if he is the only one available.  	5	5	2	2 	Insurance:CIGNA
79	-1	Dr. Gettleman seemed too busy to spend much time checking my 21 month old daughter's cough.  After a quick listen to her chest he said it was allergies and there wasn't much to do about it. I took her to get a second opionion at another doctor.  They did a chest xray and determined she had pneumonia!  I will not return to Dr. Gettleman.  I want a pediatrician that is willing to spend a few extra minutes with me and my family.  	3	3	2	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
79	-1	I would absolutely NOT reccomend this Dr. to anyone. His bedside is rude &amp; insulting. He spent 3 minutes with my newborn &amp; 10 minutes telling me how his office works &amp; If I dont feel I or my husband  can comply we need to find another Dr. all because I chose to wait to get my newborns Hep B shot until she was 2 months old. He ended our visit by tossing down my superbill on the bed &amp; stormed out of the room. I have been in the medical field for 17 years &amp; was appauled by his behavior as a Medical &quot;professional&quot; very unfortunate...  	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Assurant
79	-1	Horrible doctor. While his bedside manner is great, he does not follow the recommendations of the WHO. He told me that I needed to quit breastfeeding my 13 month old son immediately or he would never stop breastfeeding (WHO recommends until at least 2 years of age, and then as long as mutually desired by parent and child). If you disagree with him he turns into a bully and becomes extremely rude and belligerent. Whatever you do, do not take your children to this doctor.  	3	4	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
79	-1	Dr. Gettleman was very &quot;upbeat&quot; &quot;friendly&quot; and could definitely make my kids smile.  That is all well and good except for the fact that isn't my primary reason for choosing a doctor.  Dr. Gettleman was so busy trying to be goofy with my child that he didn't notice something medically wrong.  It wasn't until I went to another doctor that I found out my child needed surgery.  Maybe that news did not make my child smile, but it was absolutely necessary.  	 12/18/09	4	4	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
79	1	Love, LOVE Dr. Gettleman!  So good with my boys.   They (and I) think he's hilarious! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
79	1	Awesome!  They have completely separated waiting rooms for well and sick little ones.  The staff wasn't as nice and welcoming as we would have liked.  But Dr. Gettleman was great! He came in almost immediately after the nurse left (she was very nice too) and immediately and successfully made our little sick guy smile.  He was upbeat and trying to make our little guy smile the whole time.  He was great!  The office was beautifully painted and each room too.   Very impressed! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
80	1	Punctuality is not the greatest however he is an OBGYN women give birth unexpectedly therefore I have no issue with punctuality. I really enjoy this doctor he is very knowledgeable and kind, I have lots of experience with OBGYN's seeings how this is my 6th pregnancy and he is the best i have ever had. I would highly recommend him to anyone. 	4	3	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
80	0	Consulted with Dr. Gershweir from 6wks till 19wks of pregnancy. Felt that my questions and concerns were ignored, had very little face time with him and he always seemed rushed in his office. The RN at his office was rude and dismissive. I would not recommend this OB/GYN for pregnant women interested in a more natural childbirth experience.  	1	4	2	3 	Insurance:Tricare
80	1	My mother had Dr. Gershweir as her OB with me and all my other sisters. My oldest sister also had him for three of my nephews. So, it felt only right that I go to him as well. I must say, I am glad that I did. He took the time to listen to what I had to say as well as explain WHY I would feel some of the things that I did. I would highly recommend Dr. Gershweir to any of my friends or family.  	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
80	0	Doctor seems experienced in his specialty,however he was real pushy for a scheduled c-section. If you pay attention, you will notice that his office staff is probably scheduling c-sections left and right.I too had a c-section scheduled but fortunately my daughter came on her own and ironically she only weighed 6 lbs(Dr. Gershweir beleived that she would be 8 or 9..I am thankful that mother nature took over on this one.. and I hope that other woman see this rating and think before they are pushed into having a C-section. What matters is what is best for you and your baby and NOT the doctors time. 	4	2	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	I've gone to Dr. Germaine for 25 years, and couldn't be happier. Appointments are easy to scehdule and the other doctors and staff are also very helpful and knowledgeable.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
81	1	I have been a patient of Dr Germaine for the last 20 years (I'm 27).  I have never been given wrong advice by Dr Germaine, he is always very helpful, listening to and answering all my questions.  He has seen my whole family most of my life and now also see's my husband and children.  My kids love him!!!  He is very caring and treats us like his family.  When I was concerned about my health due to family history's he ran the appropriate blood tests and made recommendations that suited my life style.  I have referred many people to him and have never had a bad complaint.  He has had some changes in his staff over the years but I haven’t been to a specialist’s office who hasn’t.  Some staff are very friendly and knowledgeable and others are still learning.  I have been very pleased with the care my family receives from Dr Germaine and will continue to see him and refer people to him.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
81	-1	Poor staff poor service. never even seen a real doctor always MA and PA's These guys seem to be guessing their way through diagnosis by process of elimination. (At your expense) 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
81	-1	Me and my wife used this doctor for a couple different things. We both had similar experiences with the staff being slightly rude and the follow up being very poor. I waited for nearly a week for results form bloodwork and an Ultrasound. Even then they did not follow up with me and were more than a little rude when I called in to ask about why after leaving them 3 voicemails they had not called me back. The office manager was professional enough in our interaction but did not show that she was concerned. All in all they have an ok facility and getting in was fast but again follow up and even diagnosis seemed to be slow and apathetic.  	1	1	2	2 	Insurance:Humana
81	-1	We are currently in the process of filing a medical malpractice suit against Dr. Germaine. My fiance has been severely sick for over three years. Has gone in to see Dr. Germaine for three years. Dr. Germaine refuses to test him for STD's, Valley Fever, Etc. and insists his constant vomiting and weight loss is a mental issue. We finally changed doctors because I came into the picture and would not allow this to continue. NO doctor can refuse to test a patient for something they've requested. Especially for something as standard as a STD test. The new Dr. is furious because Dr. Germaine has allowed my fiance to pass around HIV because he has refused every request for the lab paperwork for a STD test. He will be losing his medical license and I would never recommend him to ANYONE! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	. good doctor - listens to what you say and will talk to you about your visit 	2	3	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
81	1	Dr Germaine is a very knowledgable doctor with a sunny disposition. He spend a lot of time with me, answering all my questions. My husband switched to him as well, and now my daughter and her husband are going to him. I wish all doctors were like him. I need an orthopedist and none have come close to his disposition. I have called number of times and have gotten though and was seen the following day.  I am very happy with him and would recommend him to anyone! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
81	1	A family physician that apparently is up to date on the latest in medical and technical advances and yet took the time to hear what I had to say and conduct his own examination and treated me and followed-up for results (which were excellent!).  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Secure Horizons
81	-1	Dr. Germaine should put his personal cell phone away and not leave the diagnoses to a PA in training.  I felt he was very rude and didn't give a flying hoot about me - the patient.  He didn't look, touch, or listen to me and based on his PA in training stated he couldn't diagnose or treat me until he repeated every test that was taken within the last week - which was very expensive, so to let him know when I could afford it.  And then left the room while taking a personal cell call without even a good-bye.  How Rude!! 	4	3	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	Dr. Germaine is very friendly and helpful. Unfortunately the wait to get in to see him is usually long. I've waited up to an hour past my appointment time before. Usually it's only about 20-30 minutes.  	4	2	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
81	1	Dr. Germaine is very caring and knowledgeable. He really listens to his patients - not arrogant at all. His assistant, Liz, is really competent, too. She always gets back with you the same day. He was recommended to me, and I'm so glad that I went. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	Dr. Allen Germaine is a wonderful, caring and compassionate doctor. I am fortunate to have him as a doctor. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
82	-1	Dr. Gesink recommended surgery for my broken wrist and showed me an xray of someone else's wrist. A complaint has been filed with the AZ Medical Society and the investigation is ongoing.  	 9/23/11	1	1	1	Insurance:Medicare
83	1	It's a busy practice...and he is always very busy and in a hurry.   However, he is attentive, listens and gets the job done! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
83	-1	Very arrogant and gives the impression he is not listening, writing the whole time.  He talks down to women; men seem to relate to him better.  Always very rushed and makes it uncomfortable to ask a question.  Very quick to &quot;farm you out&quot; to specilists. Needs to work on relating to patients.  Doesn't seem to enjoy his profession.  	2	4	1	2 	Insurance:Medicare
83	0	I concur with the other comments wholeheartedly. I was an established patient but he dropped me when their practice stopped accepting my insurance company. They can't legally do that, but I was so unsatisfied with the cold and uncaring atmosphere in that office, that I let it be.  	3	3	1	4 	Insurance:Aetna
83	-1	This doctor does not like sick patients,as they say he is cherry pickin'. If you need a doctor to see for a medical reasons see someone else.  	3	3	2	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
83	-1	Self-absorbed,unhelpful and arrogant. I walked out of his office. 	3	4	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	This fella knows his veins!! I thought that all I could hope for was stripping or having to pay out of my pocket. Instead, I got A+ treatment covered by BOTH Medicare and AARP and ended up paying $0 out of my pocket.  They verified all of this BEFORE begining my treatment  and the nurses there are GREAT!! I have passed his card to many of my friends and those who have seen him agree, he is kind, smart and patient!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
84	1	He totally fixed my legs. I had painful varicose veins. I feel 20 years younger. Great Doc and Great staff.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
84	1	Very patient doctor. He answered all my quesrions about my surgery. Excellent surgeon and I'm doing great.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
85	1	Very nice and sweet.  He is super smart! Office staff are very kind :) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
85	1	I had a great experience during my visit and would recommend it to anybody.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
85	1	Courteous and caring.  I am glad I was referred to him by a friend.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
85	1	Very pleasant and smart.  I would refer doctor to all my friends!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
86	1	One of the best I have ever been to. Chiropractic ultimately did not help my back pain... but he really tried and was honest.  I sincerely recommend tryin him if you need chiropractic.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
86	1	Dr. Gehl is very knowledgeable, helpful in explaining what's wrong, what need to be done. Many years of experience. Highly recommend 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
87	-1	Dr. Gandhok may know about cancer but she knows nothing about people. She saw my sister in the hospital after 1 chemo therapy treatment nearly killed her. Dr Gandhok's first sentence to me was, &quot;I can't do anything for your sister. She odviously can't take more chemo therapy.&quot; Then she attempted to hug me. I knew next to nothing about what had happened to my sister or who this doctor was. Then she tried to still see my sister. Well WHY, other than to get paid, if there's nothing she could do&#63; We did see her two more times in her office to try to get more information about what if anything else could be done. She said the cancer grew, no other information and only asked my sister what she wanted to do. We have gotten no additional information from the Dr. We really wonder if she only wants to sell chemo treatments. The chemo is done in her office. The instrusctions say be polite. Well I politely don't appreciate this doctor very much. 	3	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
87	-1	.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Banner Health
87	1	Dr. Gandhok was my 2nd opinion dr. I was so impressed with her knowledge I wanted to stay with her and I am very happy I did. I have been with Dr. gandhok for 3 years and now in remission. I like her staright forward but caring attitude and always makes me feel better. I am so glad I found her. Her staff is great and so friendly and fun. I tell everyone what a great dr. she is. I trust her. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	In jan of 2010 my wife was told she had lung cancer. Her lung was removed &amp; she was told how lucky she was.In Jan 2011 stage 4 cancer was found in her liver and spine.She got treatment but in early May she was put in hospice care &amp; given less then two months to live. It was then we found Dr. Gandhok. She reviewed our situation with straight talk no bull and gave us hope. Its been a year &amp; things have improved. We still have hope. In that year we have seen many who have become cancer free. Her staff is caring, efficient &amp; all patients are treated with respect. This team gets a 5 star rating.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Banner Health
87	0	All Dr. Cares about is money and she treats her staff like dirt.  I wouldn't send my dog to this doctor.  	3	3	2	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
87	1	Dr. Gandhok was always very compassionate and took time to explain in detail all aspects of my treatment for rectal cancer.  She was available during the many chemo treatments for any questions or problems that arose.  I am still seeing her for follow-up visits after being diagnosed two years ago.  Cancer free so far.  Would highly recommend her and her staff.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
87	1	We had our first visit with Dr. Gandhok. It was for a second opinion after My FIL was told he should call hospice. Her staff was caring and kind. NO they were not a bunch of kids! Dr. came into the room and reviewed my FIL case. Gave us facts and didn't hold anything back! She also gave us hope! Not of curing the cancer but of at least maintaining it and possibly shrinking it. She told us of another stage 4 cancer pt. who was in his 80's and told exactly the same thing we were..that was 3 yrs ago. She was knowledgeable, informative and most of all she cared!  No false hope but yet HOPE..She answered all the questions I had on my note pad EVEN before I asked them!I highly recommend Dr. Gandhok. This cancer May eventually take his life but not without a good fight! So grateful we found her before I agreed to hospice intake which the previous Dr. had already arranged for and they called to come out..We will need them someday! Just not This day! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	Great Doctor and awesome staff. They were very helpful and caring.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
87	1	She was kind and knowledgeable. I loved her staff.  Worth my visit 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
87	1	From my office visits with Dr. Gandhok, I've found her to be nothing but a kind and highly intelligent doctor.  Her staff is professional, helpful and friendly.  I've been seeing Dr. Gandhok for several months due to my white blood cell counts being elevated.  After testing, I've been found to be cancer free and will return in several months just to keep tabs on my blood work.  The comments I read below calling her rude, her office a cancer mill, and her staff young and inexperienced is absolutely ridiculous and clearly false.  My mom came to see Dr. Gandhok as well and was as impressed as I am.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
87	-1	Red flags were raised when I walked into the office to see an office staff of at least five 18-22 year-olds running the office (they must be the cheapest to hire).  While waiting, the tiny waiting area filled with so many patients, it was SRO.  When I finally met her, she refused to even speak with me for a consultation unless I was first examined (she could bill the insurance company for more money if she examined me).  I informed her I would not be hiring her.   Run from this &quot;cancer mill&quot; as quickly as you can! 	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:CIGNA
87	1	I find the above comments to be very slanderous. Why would anyone state the above unless they had some personal vindetta. Dr. Ghandhok is the best oncologist. She has trained in hematology and oncology,and is very caring about her patients.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
87	-1	Cant stand her.Very unproffesional.Saw me in the hospital for another Oncologist and tried to canvass me for her practice.Told me my doctor was no good!Tends to be patronising.Calls everybody &quot;sweaty&quot; in that awful accent of hers.She can stand some lessons in ethics.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
87	1	Dr Shelly Gandhok is a very knowledge doctor. The weight for her could be 30 mins to 1 hour but she is worth every penny. She is a very caring and sweet doctor. She even calls you at home to see how your doing. Some office staff are not very knowledgable about blood disorders and get messages confused to the doctor. Dr Gandhock is alo a hematologist. I highly reccomned her office.  Office is very nice expecially Jeannie ! Wonderful Office ! 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
88	1	He is a very nice, and extreamly knowledgeable, He also listens real well to what your feeling. He takes alot of time, to make sure you get everything coverd while you are there.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
89	0	 	3	5	3	2 	Insurance:Unknown
90	1	Let me just start out by saying I've been looking for a good dentist in this area for 3 years. I've finally found them! The office staff is efficient and the treatment rooms are perfect (TVs in each). I met and really liked both doctors. No unnecessary sales pitches with these two. Just plain good dentistry. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
90	1	Smooth appointments with the day before reminder. Very friendly staff. Both doctors are cool. But I will more points to her than him. Billing practice, which has become more and important in the U.S. health care system, is very reasonable. The money matter lady clearly tells charges ahead of the treatment and there have been no surprises. 		5	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	Dr Gallai was the best doctor I have ever met in my life. He was really polite and made me feel comfortable being a 21 year old mother. He was excited for me. He helped me when I went in for my first obgyn appointment, i was scared that my mother would not approve. He helped me get the courage to tell her i was 7 weeks along. He was always reassuring me my baby was healthy. He asked and answered all of the questions i wanted answers to. and he actually delivered my son! thanks for being there dr gallai 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
91	-1	Waited forever for doctor to come into room. Wanted doc to tell ME what was going on with my body but he sat there like I knew! What should I expect what is going on how long etc etc. NEVER called back with any results, NEVER seen charts or anything. NEVER even mailed them test results. They dont even send out remoinders for exams at this office. I havent been through menopause before  and have no idea what I would be feeling or going through.Front office staff were pushy and rude and even phoney acting.  	2	2	2	2 	Insurance:CIGNA
91	1	excellent doctor, sensitive and caring.  Thank you! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
91	1	 	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	This doctor used to work at A-one medical center but now he works in the hospital as a house doctor on teleometry.He is very kind,when you come see him he takes his time with you insted of rushing you out the door.My whole family has gone to him and has been very pleased with him. I had seen a previous Dr before him and told me my chest pain was an out of place sternum gave me a back crack and sent me away if it wasn't for Dr.Gaur's concern for me I wouldn't be sitting here today turns out I have a heart problem.He is very good on remembering you. If you want someone who will be concerned for your health he is the dr for you.If you have any questions feel free to contact me at[email protected]/* <![CDATA[ */ (function(){try{var s,a,i,j,r,c,l=document.getElementById("__cf_email__");a=l.className;if(a){s='';r=parseInt(a.substr(0,2),16);for(j=2;a.length-j;j+=2){c=parseInt(a.substr(j,2),16)^r;s+=String.fromCharCode(c);}s=document.createTextNode(s);l.parentNode.replaceChild(s,l);}}catch(e){}})(); /* ]]> */ 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
93	1	I love Dr Gburek.  He is a great communicator, extremely knowledgeable, and a great listener.  I see many doctors for my multitude of medical problems and Dr.  Gburek is my favorite!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
93	1	While Dr. Gburek was a fine communicator pre surgery I was seen by him and given the bums rush with my initial post surgery visit. Getting info on the details of my outcome including the very important pathology report were a challenge. I called the office 4 times before someone returned my call most recently. You will also pay extra as the anesthesia Dr. he works with exclusively is a cash only Dr to the tune of 2K out of pocket. This was not communicated pre surgery. A nice man and decent surgeon, get ALL info up front pre surgery because you will get little communication post surgery. 	2	2	3	5 	Insurance:Unknown
93	1	I went to him because of a referral. I'm sure he is a good surgeon, but is a poor communicator. He gave me a prostrate biopsy without any pain killer! Ouch!!!!! I almost turned around & decked him as a pain impulse! And I've never decked anybody in my life! Neither he nor his staff mentioned the INTENSE pain involved. They did not offer any pain killer during the workup or previous visit. Just lay down, pull your knees up & wham! In talking with other guys that have had the procedure and other doctors that do the procedure, I found that this was uncalled for. Procedure calls for pain meds to be given if not done while knocked out. If you are getting a procedure done find out about pain management beforehand, don't assume as I did.  	2	3	4	5 	Insurance:Aetna
93	1	Dr. Gburek may be the best doctor I have ever had.  Not only is he brilliant, but he is caring, friendly, and he listens to every concern.  He takes his time with me, which I can't say about most other doctors.  He is such a lovely human being--I wish that all of my doctors could be like him.  I simply cannot say enough good things about him.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
94	1	This doctor actually makes the phone calls himself. I never had a doctor who calls me directly with results. It was always the nurse. His time slot for patients is 20 minutes, it is 15 minutes with most doctors so the waiting is not bad at all. With a former primary doctor, I was often kept waiting for an hour in the waiting room then shivered as I waited another half hour wrapped in papers, only to see the doctor for five minutes. I thought it is routine and all doctors are that way. However Dr. Charles Giffin is completely different and proved me wrong.  	2	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
94	1	This guy is well trained, but he needs to work on his bedside manners. He cross-examined me about a refill on a prescription that I have been taking for years. Made me very uncomfortable, like I was being prosecuted for something (not a narcotic).  	3	4	3	4 	Insurance:Medicare
94	1	I connect with Dr. Giffin instantly. He makes me feel very comfortable and at ease. He gives me confidence to voice my ailments however minor. The above are very important to me, as also staying abreast of latest medication and any medical developments.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:AARP
94	0	Dr Giffin seemed uninterested, had little time. Seldom looked at me. I felt he did not care about me as a person,  or my state of health. Abrupt and uninformative.  Seemed in a hurry to get through with it and on to another 	3	4	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
94	1	Dr. Charles Giffin is a serious very dedicated doctor who cares about his patients and takes care of them down to the minutest details, careful and meticulous. Being rather low key, not the type to put on a big show, his gifted personality, his par excellence as a doctor is not readily visible at first visits. Over time, especially when one has illnesses needing diagnosing, that is when his excellence and uniqueness as a doctor reveal itself. And then one would not change him for any other doctors and when one has to, could never find any who measure up. Not only that, he might not make house calls, but he does personally make phone calls to patients instead of leaving it to his nurse, the way most doctors do. And he is very punctual, compared to most doctors.  I would highly recommend him.  	 11/7/07	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
94	-1	Had to wait 6 days for a prescription to be renewed.  		3	1	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
95	-1	She miss diagnoses my child. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
96	1	Very Respectful, Helpful, Gentle, Caring, Knowledgable, understanding... Best out there. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
97	-1	We have seen this doctor twice in the E.R. at Arrowhead Hospital.  We believe he misdiagnosed a problem with my spouse.  However, we do not have documented proof.  The second time, we definitely have a misdiagnosis.  Our 12 month old had an allergic reaction to penicillin.  He diagnosed with an allergic reaction to amoxicilin.  He stated that it was a rash.  Thankfully, we documented and she had hives.  I escalated the issue to a &quot;manager,&quot; she stated that there was a note that there was a rash in the back of the throat.  It was not brought to our attention during the visit.  I had called the doctor to ask additional questions.  He stated he checked &quot;the kid&quot; out, but his PA did mot of the work.  He only asked the PA if the ears and lungs were clear.  The PA said, &quot;Yes.&quot;  Pediatrician clearly found puss.  He is definitely practicing, but I cannot afford a third opportunity for fear of serious harm to a love one.  By the way, bedside manners need to be better too.  Staff has attitudes.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Humana
98	1	Doc was right on time for my appointment which is important to me.  He was knowledgeable, and his staff was very pleasant, personable, and efficient. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
99	1	Dr. Garcia is very caring and spends quality time making sure she answers all of your questions. I love that I never feel hurried or rushed when I'm in her office and she has always personally called with test results or to answer questions.  She's a fabulous dr and we are so lucky to have her here out in Queen creek! 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
99	1	Dr. Garcia is not only very knowledgeable, but a very caring doctor as well. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
99	1	I love Dr. Garcia; best doctor my daughter has had.  She honestly cares about her patients and spends the necessary time with each one of them.  A caring individual; couldn't have found a better pediatrician.  Had previously taken my daughter to other pediatricians and wasn't impressed with their lack of interest and professionalism.  The fact that Dr. Garcia is a mother herself eases me when she assures me that my daughter will be fine.  She's also very professional and knowledgeable.   Her staff is also incredibly friendly as well, which is a big bonus! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
99	1	 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
