dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	-1	he left a family memeber of mine in the hospital without medical treatment. Dr. Zafar abrutly left my family member in the hospital saying he was no longer his doctor and wouldn't treat him. His bedside manner is horrible.  	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	1	. Takes time with patient, seems to know what he is doing, personalble 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
1	1	Our insurance if PHCS. Dr. Zafar is knowledgable and wonderful. He is treating my husband for colon cancer. He explained everything to us that would happen with the treatments. The gals in the &quot;treatment&quot; room are wonderful. They really made my husband feel as relaxed as you can on your first treatment day. 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	-1	HORRIBLE Physician. I agree he spends less than a nanosecond with his patients. He does not educate well. He lies on his charts and allows WC Nurse to dictate treatments for his WC pts. He will return you back to work in 1 week although the norm is 2 months. It takes an act of congress to get him on the phone, in fact, I was never successful. His nurse relays questions taken out of context, that's helpful. I may as well not bother to contact him with problem. Last visit he asked pain level after surgery compared to before surgery, I responded 7/10, he said &quot;that's about 50% you're good to go&quot; a week later I was discharged to full duty still in pain. But he got paid so I guess its all good... not! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Workers Comp
2	-1	I have been going around and around with this doc and his staff trying to get services for over two weeks.  He is not forthright and does not care about patients.  The staff is the most inefficient I have ever encountered.  I am very disappointed and will never go to him again. 	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
2	-1	Prior to surgery and before my follow up visit after surgery I had spent a total of literally less than 15 minutes with Dr. Zoltan. Not including the 2 hours I was asleep on the operating table. During those fifteen minutes Dr. Zoltan explained his professional liability disclaimer to me 3 times. Twice during my initial visit and once right before surgery. During this vast, one on one time with him he never explained to me what was wrong beyond I shattered my collarbone (which I already new), he never showed me the X-rays, he never explained what needed to be done or how he was going to do it. I never saw him after surgery. He spoke with my wife in the waiting room for about 1 min and gave a vague (everything went okay). If I hadn't been in such pain and under the influence of narcotics I guess I would have demanded more of an explanation. Massive amounts of pain afterward with no prescriptions from him. Ran out of the 30 pain pills from the anesthetist within four days.  	2	4	2	2 	Insurance:CIGNA
2	1	I'm surprised by low rating for this doctor. I consider Dr. Zoltan an extraordinary surgeon. He recently performed a total hip replacement on me and 15 days post-surgery I'm walking with less pain than I had prior to surgery. He utilized only the necessary diagnostic tests to confirm that I needed surgery. Most importantly, Dr. Zoltan's surgical support team is organized, efficient and professional. I highly recommend this orthopedic surgeon.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
2	-1	Went in for a knee injury.  After x-rays & then MRI, said to come back in a couple of weeks.  When I did, without even  asking me how I was doing he said 'you have a torn meniscus & I recommend surgery'.  When I said I was feeling fine, he said, 'oh well, come back in 3 weeks'.  I got the impression he was anxious to do surgery & had little regard for the best interests of his patient (me).  	2	3	2	2 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
2	0	Horrible bedside manner - avoided conversation about my treatment, didn't follow through, scheduled horribly invasive surgery on out-patient basis, screaming in pain even with straight morphine, and then 6 mos. later, needed surgery to replace titanium rod inserted into arm (hired another surgeon).  	1	3	1	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
2	-1	SOMEONE I KNOW SAW HIM AND ITS ALL ABOUT MONEY WITH THIS DOCTOR.  NOT KNOWLEDGEABLE AND NOT HELPFUL.  WILL REFER YOU TO ANOTHER IN THE PRACTICE AND ITS THE SAME BS ALL OVER AGAIN.  VERY BAD EXPERIENCE!  THEY ADVERTISE AS PHOENIX SUNS DOCTORS.  WHAT A TOTAL JOKE.  HE NEEDS TO GO BACK TO MEDICAL SCHOOL.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
3	-1	This doctor came highly recommended.  However I was never able to see him, so my rating here applies only to his staff and availability.  The recorded message was one of the rudest I've come across, with a long list of instances of when they would charge you for something, and warnings not to call more than once.  The office was only open three half days a week, and one would be charged a co-pay simply to leave a message.  It even stated how much they would charge for filling out forms.  That's good and well, and understandable, but why put it on the answering service&#63;  I just wish psychiatrists would think before deciding who they hire to work their front desk.  Plus it's been two weeks and I never got a call back, but the message said I wasn't to call more than once. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	Dr. Zenner was very patient and listened well.  His receptionist is atrocious at returning calls and very rarely answers the phone.   If you can get past that he is a great doctor to see! 	2	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	-1	I left a message for someone to call me back two days ago, still no call back. The doctor may be good but I will call other doctors to see if I can get an appointment in the near future. Hopefully their response time will improve. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	Excellent doc!  He listens and cares. 	 7/2/09	4	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	Im shocked that any female would rate Dr. Zadravec as anything less than perfect! She's the BEST OB/Gyn I have ever had and I considered it a true blessing when she delivered my babies. She's a truly genuine caring physician and she takes her time with you personally and the only reason she works alone is because she wants the best care for her patients and if that means it ONLY comes from her then so be it! I would recommend her in a heartbeat. I appreciate her and Jerry and love the modern, clean and calm environment in her office.  Thumbs way up! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	-1	After 4 years of just annual visits I walked out today.  She is rude and condescending. Do yourself a favor and don't go to see her. She needs to get her attitude checked. Her receptionist who is her mom is really nice. She has no other staff probably because she is such a mean person.  	2	4	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
4	1	Dr. Zadravec is a soft-spoken and not an overly inquisitive doctor which I appreciate. She has an extremely calming demeanor which is great when you are nervous or anxious about a specific topic. She answers my questions thoroughly when I have them and she does not rush through my appointments. Her office is EXTREMELY clean and comfortable and right next to the hospital.  I would recommend her to any female I know! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
4	-1	I have never been treated the way I was by a doctor.  (of anykind for that matter) I have been seeing her for 4yrs now and today I was told by Dr. Z what an unhappy person I am and I should see a pshychatrist.  My grandfather just passed, my father had a heart attack.  I went in for help.  I have endometriosis, and left in tears.  I will never see her again.  	3	2	1	2 	Insurance:CIGNA
4	1	Dr. Zadravec is absolutely wonderful! She takes her time with patients and is very kind. I'm so lucky to have found such a great doctor! Her office staff is also very friendly. Highly recommend! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	Very sensitive and a good listener. I finally found the perfect OB/Gyn for me. She explained the treatment options thoroughly and our treatment plan was a success.  GREAT EXPERIENCE!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Pacificare
4	1	Dr. Zadravec is wonderful.  Very knowledgable, and caring.  She is willing to spend the time with you and make sure you understand everything that goes on.   I would highly recomend her to anybody! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
4	-1	She is not a people person and cannot properly communicate.  She lacks a good bedside manner.  Very cold lack manner. 	2	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	I thought Dr. Zadravec was wonderful.  It's nice to visit an ob/gyn and see the actual doctor instead of the NP.  She was the one who did vitas, weighed me, etc. I felt that she was very knowledgebale, patient, answered all my questions and made me feel comfortable.  I have had several colposcopies and the one performed by Dr. Zadravec barely hurt at all and she talked me through it.  I would recommend her to everyone who is in need of a caring doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
5	1	Ezekias Zink, the physician assistant was very helpful.  He was courteous, knowledgeable, prompt.  He answered all my questions and didn't make me feel rushed.   There  was a very personal touch with the office.  He brought in Dr. Maddox, the surgeon, to see me once it was determined that surgery was the best option.  Dr Maddox was also quite courteous and made me feel very comfortable with the daunting prospect of surgery.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
6	1	Amazing doctor and I plan to see him again. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	I had a long procedure done on my mouth to place two implants. Excellent experience. Dr. Zuch took the time to make sure that the job was done right. Frequently asked if I had any questions and took the time to explain all procedures to me. I felt very confident in his abilities. Highly recommended for both adults and children. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	-1	Dr. Zaetta and New Pueblo Medicine are engaging in my opinion on discrimination and unprofessional practices by screening people who call on the phone to make an appointment and thereby using medical history and other information to decide whether or not they are &quot;suitable&quot; to be seen.  They refuse to answer whether or not they are taking patients and instead want your name, medical info, etc in order to evaulate whether or not your worthy enough to be seen. Of course they also then have your insurance information so they can determine if they will be paid in accordance with their desires. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	He takes the time without wasting mine. He's the best PCP I've ever been to. Listens, tries to find what's wrong and respects the patient.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
8	1	Dr. Zaetta diagnosed Celiac Disease although he was not familiar with specifics at the time. He's been a great PCP for the past 6 years.  		5	5	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
8	1	I have been impressed with Dr. Zaetta's specialist referral network. He is a good listner and has provided excellent advice and overal care. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	. Extreme;y helpful and more than willing to admit if he doesn't know something and therefore take care of finding you a specialist that will hopefully know the answers 		4	5	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
9	1	Dr. Z is very friendly and answered all my questions in a manner in which I understood. She was very caring and spent a lot of time with us. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	Dr. Zitomer is an exceptional physician and gentleman. He took all the time in the world to explain my condition in detail, listened and answered questions, reviewed my options - all without making me feel hurried or nervous. His 'bedside' manner is polite, caring and informed. Before and after my operation, I felt my experience with Dr. Zitomer and his staff was exceptional. Highly recommend this physician to everyone! I wish all visits to a doctor's office were as professional and life-affirming as this.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
10	0	The staff in procedure area was very good. The staff in his office, very different. He was nice enough but he didn't knock my socks off. 	2	4	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
10	0	Dr. was pleasant and good bedside manner. Staff very nice. I called them 5 times to schedule my procedures, the staff AND dr.(who called me personally) very nicely said THEY would call me back to schedule. I got 2 calls from the pharmacy: they ordered the prescription prep TWICE -without me being scheduled! Waited another week. Finally called to say I was going elsewhere due to not being called. Nurse returned my call the next day apologizing for what was their error and lack of communication.  I appreciate that call but it does not build confidence when there is that much miscommunication within the office. I now will pay another $35 copay and will have to take time off work to have the procedure done. They need to get their scheduling department communicating with each other and patients.  	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
10	1	I went in to see Dr. Zitomer for a consultation after working myself into a state of high anxiety (over a month of worrisome symptoms). He immediately put me more at ease with his wonderful bedside manner and proceeded to answer my many, many questions with the patience of Job. Today I went in for my procedures and experienced, from the woman who greeted me at the front desk, to the entire staff in the recovery/procedure area, such a high level of professionalism and care that I felt I would be remiss if I did not share my experience with others who might also be scared and in need of a wonderful doctor and staff. The entire team was knowledgeable, highly professional and quite compassionate. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	Awesome team!!  Professional,Polite  and all with a sense of humor. I will refer this great team to all my friends.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
10	1	Dr. Zitomer and his staff were friendly, kind &amp; helpful. They put me at ease before &amp; after my medical procedure. They even called me a day after to make sure I had recovered. I would recommend Dr. Zitomer to anyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	1	In my daunting quest to find a doctor who could relieve me of painful digestive issues after having Gallbladder surgery a year ago,Dr. Zitomer knew exactly what was wrong and perscribed the medication I needed. He was the only doctor out of 4,including the Mayo Clinic who didn't tell me to &quot;take Prilosac and learn to live with it!!&quot; Within a few days I could actually go about my day without searching for bathrooms. He took me from a 10+ on the pain chart to an occasional 1-2. It's not perfect but it's now manageable.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:AARP
10	1	Dr. Zitomer genuinely cares about my condition and it is evident that he wants to see me have relief. Even though there is not much that he can do about my condition, he does all that is in his power to help me.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
10	-1	Doc was too brief, showed no interest in symptoms. Ended my visit when he received a phone call IN the exam room. Staff was rude, would not call back.I found a better doctor......this one will just waste your time and money.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
10	1	One of the most caring and competent physicians I have encountered. I felt completely comfortable and at ease with him. Additionally, he personally followed up with me after a procedure. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	Excellent bedside manners. Friendly, witty, smart and actively listens to what you have to say.  Office is clean and efficient with utmost attention given to make patients comfortable.  	 11/7/07	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
11	1	Very knowledgable, caring and seemed to take his time with me. Explains everything in detail. Would highly recommend him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	Dr. Z as me & my husband call him is a wonderful doc. He had a great sense of humor and explained things to us in laymens terms. I love his dress code which earned him the name &quot;the bee doctor&quot;.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	-1	This guy is too old and feeble to help anyone.  His nurse did more diagnosing than he did and they argued about my care right in front of me.  She would roll her eyes at times after he made an inappropriate comment and then the nurse would try to smooth things over with me.  He needs to retire.  He put me on antibiotics because &quot;you must have an infection somewhere&quot;.  The only place I registered a fever (99.9) was in their office.  I switched Doctors and was properly diagnosed with IBS.  The antibiotics just made my condition worse. 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
13	-1	Poor excuse for a Doctor. Has an attitude regarding patients who have medical training. Trys to get rid of you by saying things like &quot;If you want another Doctor, I would not mind if you do&quot; and &quot;That's the way it is with cancer&quot; when you are in there for a pulled back muscle. He is a total waste of space. 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
14	-1	He ran late every time i went in there and He kept telling me that he needed to put me back on Meds ..I have never taken any meds before didn't KNow me...  READ MY CHART 	3	1	2	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	-1	WASTE OF TIME AND MONEY!  Had me in three times and ran very invasive test just to tell me I have weak bladder muscles and there is nothing I can do.  Researched on-line myself and find there ARE various exercises that may help.  Also called to ask about prescription he mentioned.  Staff said they needed to ask doctor.  NEVER called me back.  High cost for such poor care.  Doctor wants me to come back and run through the same process (and costs!!) in six months.  Why&#63;  Since he didn't prescribe meds or exercise, what could possible change&#63;  And even if it gets worse, he already said there is nothing he can do.  It seems he just wants to get more money from me and the insurance company.  I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS DOCTOR! 	3	1	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	Doctor friendly &amp; makes you comfortable in what is an uncomfortable situation for most people.  Office staff very cold/impersonal.  Act like they don't care about anything.  Beware EVERY visit charges you an office call, even for tests.  Took three co-pays to address my issue (initial visit, test, and meeting to discuss results).  I was not expecting to pay for the testing out of pocket.  Also, hard to get documentation required for reimbursement by medical spending plan. Not timely.  I waited 30 minutes each time for the doctor.  I waited 15 minutes for the test technician. I saw her as she strolled in late from lunch and chatted with front office staff, while I sat with a painfully full bladder (required for the test)!  So, it's a full smiley for the doctor's manner and knowledge, but a frown for timeliness, other staff friendliness, and costs.  	3	1	4	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
15	1	Me and my family have been patients here for 2 years and i love it. I would recommend their doctors to anyone.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
15	1	Great doctor. The service is the best I have had anywhere. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	-1	Dr. Zamani owe us money! He did not pay our professional services, performed in good faith -  the staff has not being responsive after several attempts. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
16	-1	I took my child to her for years.  Once I switched doctors I found out that she was severely overmedicating my child.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
16	1	Gail and her staff are awesome!  They have always done their very best in assisting my family and I with our very serious issues.  This is a great office and I am thankful for them.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
16	1	I am very pleased with Gail. She listens and ask's the right question toward my treatment. She helped me with the correct meds for my depression. She is not my first doctor to see in reguards to my depression and I am very pleased with her bedside manor.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Banner Health
16	1	Gail was extremely helpful in getting my anxiety/panic under control, better than anyone else I even saw. She knew exactly what medication to use for my specific issues. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	-1	Do not go to this doctor!   She was no help to us.   No way to  get to a real person and took over a week to return calls!   I have worked in the medical field and never have I seen such poor treatment of patients.     When tell someone how to ween off a medication she said and I quote&quot; just do what feels right&quot;   this was a medication that you needed to be very careful getting off of. 	 7/5/09	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
17	-1	Don't let the warm atmosphere fool you because the doctor is very cold hearted. Both me and my husband went to her for a physical and it was clear she didn't care based on the way we were treated. My husband told her he was not comfortable without using his sling and she pretty much stated that he needed to do what she said and didn't care about her feelings. I have seen several doctors, but this one was one of the most cold hearted ones I have met. It was a very unpleasant experience and you can tell even the office staff dreaded being there. When they answer the phone they say, &quot; doctor's office instead of naming doctor or the practice.&quot; Very unprofessional.  	1	3	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	-1	This office refuse to accept patiences who are deaf. I lip read very well and speak very well never had the need for interpreter with previous doctors yet they refuse to accept me. This is discrimination.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
17	1	I have been seeing Dr Z for many years now and love her. She is great and does listen to all your complaints or issues even when you are there for just one. She takes her time and is thorough and you always leave knowing you addressed all the problems you wanted to talk to her about.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
17	1	I love Dr. Z!  She has a no-nonsense approach, and she really connects with you as a person.  As well, every student she has had work with her seems to be truly competent and eager to help.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
17	1	Shes been my doc for over twenty years.   She also takes care of my parents and both of my sisters.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
17	1	Dr. Zieren is an amazing Dr! She has helped with many strange illnesses that I have had and gave me prompt care. She is very humorous and kind. There are a few times she has come in singing to me, since I have had to have multiple visits with her in a short period of time. She is very easy to talk with and always describes treatment/illnesses. However, the staff there never wants to answer the phone and can be rude. They have left messages about my health on my home phone when I had asked them not to. The last few times I had an office visit, the front office girl, Heidi, completely ignored me and continued to chat with one of the MAs and sometimes she has no idea what she is doing. I work in the medical field so it is painfully obvious when one of the girls don't know what they are doing.  	1	4	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
17	1	I have been with Dr. Zieren for many years now and think she is an amazing Doctor. The only complaint I would have is the wait can take a long time to actually see her. But that may be on the staff more than her. She really takes time to listen to your problems and explains everything to you. Never a rush and always great to talk to. HIGHLY RECOMMEND.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	Dr.Z is one of the finest Doctors I have ever had as a Family Physician. She takes her time and explains everything.Not many Doctors now days take that extra time with each patient. She is one of the very few Doctors that goes above and beyond. She has a really great bedside manor not to mention a great sense of humor. On a scale of 1 to 5 I give her an 8.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
17	1	Dr Zieren spends the necessary time with each pt. When you are with her she is focused on your needs and doesn't rush through the appointment. She's a very good physician and I highly recommend her. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	Dr. Zieren is an excellent doctor. She is great with patients and I recommend her to all my family and friends. I could not ask for better care than what she gives. She listens and hears what I say. Even though, the practice is busy, she does not rush me out of the office. She is extremely intelligent and she is confident in her treatment of the patient.  She is the BEST! And I hope she never retires! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
17	1	I have know Dr Zieren my whole life. She ALWAYS has time to listen to any issue I have. She has never rushed me out of the office and is always in an amazing mood. The staff she has in the office right now are amazing people. They are very nice and very good at their jobs. I reccomend Jan to anyone and everyone that asks.   :) 	 12/12/08	4	2	5	Insurance:Aetna
17	1	 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	Wow, what can I say, This doctor is the most professional, caring doctor that I have ever met. I can't tell you how great it is to finally have a Physician that really cares about my health. Do yourself a favor, and give this doc a chance, you will not regret it. He's the best.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
19	-1	I never rate docs, but I just want anyone who is looking into going to Dr Z that his rates are high even if you have insurance because he has some sort of in-house lab that is 100% out of pocket, my IUI cycles cost the same as a gf of mine and she is paying all cash. I do question the motives of the in-house lab. Dr Z is a nice doc, but his office staff is horrible, they are childish and rude. I can not recommend this office. 	 3/13/12	1	3	1	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	We had attempted IVF with a different doctor (recommended by our OBGYN) and were unsuccessful... My wife did her homework and found that Dr. Zoneraich had the highest success rate in the valley with an embryo transfer rate of less then 2 per attempt. Impressive. In reading the other reviews, you could hypothesize that he may want to keep his record high by recommending donor eggs to people with a small chance for success otherwise, but we experienced no such treatment (it was mostly my sperm production that was the limiting factor). His office operated at high efficiency and was technologically very impressive. The lab procedures maximize the chance for sucess. The staff was professional, friendly, and knowledgable. Dr. Zoneraich would answer our questions as they arose and personally called us to congratulate us on our pregnancy when the results came in. We would have returned to him again if we were unsuccessful. Yes it's costly, but to us, well worth it. 	 11/10/11	5	5	4	Insurance:Unknown
19	-1	Dr. Zoneraich is a horrible doctor and he is in it for the money. First of all, if you've already had testing done, he makes you re-do it in his lab which insurance does not cover. He also denies you of his &quot;25K 3 IVF cycle guarantee&quot; that he advertises on his website if you are infertile or have ever had a canceled cycle. He also makes you pay for treatment way in advance and doesn't give you any refunds, just credits to your next step. Example - You get canceled out because of &quot;poor&quot;response to your IVF protocol. You only get a CREDIT  (which by the way, his treatments are an obscene amount if you compare it to other doctor's). He is the most sketchy doctors I've ever met. He is not a board certified fertility doctor either. Yes, he has fancy coffees/diet cokes in his waiting room and his equipment is all up to date, but realize that you pay for all of that. See someone else and stay far away from Dr.Z . Oh and  I did get pregnant via another clinic for half the price Dr. Z charges. 	 8/17/11	3	2	1	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	I have gone to Dr Z for both my pregnancies. From the minute I met him 4 years ago I could tell he was different than most DR's that I have seen (I have other medical problems and have seen LOTS of doctors). He put me and my husband at ease! Hands down THE best Dr without a doubt in my head. There is nothing I can say negative. The rest of the team is very caring and when you have a problem or scared about something they are great at at ease. He explained everything to us. Was very direct about everything. He never made you feel rushed. If you had questions he would patiently answer each one! He is a wonderful DR and as a person a very caring man! I highly recommend him to ANYONE! 	 6/30/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
19	0	Doctor was educated but staff was horrible!     Staff  was not supervised and office staff was inconsiderate and did not understand how to use a Calendar! Personalities in the front office created a space that was very, very, uncomfortable. Doctor also did not explain all notes that should have been explained in person.     Success rates are… ok. Better can be found here in the Valley. The doctor can only be as good as his office staff. A complete waste of time due to the disorganization of his office staff.     You can’t play with peoples time especially when you are over 38yrs of age. 	1	1	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	Dr. Zoneraich is a fantastic fertility doctor.  He was straight forward, honest and moved very quickly into the testing and procedures.  We were so grateful to have things move fast because we had been trying other infertility treatments for 5 years and were very frustrated.  I became pregnant after our first round of IVF and then 3 years later completed another round of IVF and now have our second healthy baby.  We are so grateful to the expertise of Dr. Zoneraich and his amazing staff.  They are friendly, organized, punctual and well informed.  Infertility is a very difficult challenge, but Dr. Zoneraich made it as painless as possible.  	 4/19/11	5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
19	-1	I cannot stress how much I DO NOT RECOMMEND Dr. Z. I'd had a friend see him and she didn't like him because she found him to be impersonal and rude. Rather than listening to her, I was so wrapped up in the data and his results (which come to find out docs CAN manipulate), I went ahead. The first time I questioned him about something and was rudely brushed off, it bothered me but I sucked it up figuring he was the best. The second time, it started really eating at me and I really questioned his motives ($$$). When my husband and I questioned him about my results right before we were supposed to proceed with IVF, he was totally rude and told us we had less than a 10% chance...this after sitting across from us and telling us several months prior that he could get us pregnant and that 10% was NEVER mentioned. Do yourself a favor and look elsewhere. He is a money-hungry scum bag who gives good IVF docs a bad name. His reputation will catch up with him.  	3	4	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
19	0	I have not seen this RE yet but I am wondering why and how is IVF success rates are so high- I hear he pushes donor eggs ALOT and we all know younger eggs will work with IVF so much better. I dunno. MY RE has warned me about docs that do this since they want to keep their IVF success rates high. Use your own eggs first ladies and only use donors as a very last resort. 	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
19	0	It has been awhile since I saw Dr Zoneraich.  His success rate may look good, but that is only because he jumps to the expensive, unpersonal treatments that get him there. He does not help his paitients consider the options. When he shares the test results and you are shocked, he immediately jumps to donor eggs.  When you ask about the alternatives, he indicates that your changes are less than 1%. You feel worthless and pinned. I can handle the truth, however instead of taking a step back and running a few more tests in a couple months, he is ready to spend your money. I would not recommend this doctor. 	2	3	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	I had worked with 2 other fertility docs and hands down, Dr Zon was the best.  He was hands on, professional, direct and honest, and laid out our several options.  His RNs and lab team also were great.   Glad that he and his team were a part of making my family dream come true! 	 1/10/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
19	1	My husband and I chose AFC after starting our fertility treatments at another clinic, and I am grateful every day for that choice as I look at my amazing children that AFC helped us conceive.  Everyone we dealt with at their office was friendly and helpful, especially Dr. Zoneraich.  Dr. Zoneraich performed all of of our treatments and even personally called us to let us know that we had a positive pregnancy test.  Twice during our fertility treatment, he personally returned my calls to answer questions that we had.  I would refer anyone I knew, and have, to see Dr. Zoneraich and his staff at AFC.  	 11/1/10	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
19	1	Dr. Z and his staff took the time to get to know my husband and I.  He walked us through everything and was with us every step of the way.  I also liked the fact that he was the person I saw for every appointment.  Dr.Z is caring, personal, knowledgeable, and very helpful.  I would highly recommend Dr. Z to anyone.  	 10/18/10	5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
19	1	I couldn't speak more highly of Dr Z and his staff.  My husband and I interviewed numerous IVF doctors before selecting Dr Z.  We always found him to be personable and supportive throughout the entire process.  Although I understand everyone is entitled to their opinion--I strongly disagree with many of the negative comments.  I never felt like a number to Dr Z or his staff.  I was informed of all options and found Dr Z very informative and always willing to answer our questions.  Dr Z himself called us to inform us of the outcome of our pregnancy test.  This is obviously a very personal and emotional process and I am happy we chose AFC to lead us through our journey.  I have and will continue to HIGHLY recommend him to any of my friends who might be facing similar issues.  	 10/17/10	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	Dr Z is one of the best docs around. He has one of the most competant teams, especially Michele in the billing/insurance area. WIth her help I was able to get all of my services covered with no headache or time out of my day fighting claims. She did it right the first, unlike other offices who won't be bothered to try 	 8/13/10	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	I only went to two RE's, so this is how I viewed him compared to another RE.  The most impressive thing is that he is always on time, less than 5 minutes waiting.  He is very knowledgeable and his staff are nice.  He is very thorough and willing to try new things.  His office has advanced equipment and instruments. 	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	I do not doubt that Dr. Z is very knowledgeable and has helped other women conceive.  I didn't try IVF, but did one cycle of clomid/IUI.  The biggest complaint I had was that his nurse did the insemination, and it took forever.  Apparently she couldn't find my cervix with the catheter, and actually asked me if Dr. Z or my gyn had any problems finding it!  (The answer was &quot;No&quot; of course.)  Upon finding out that the IUI didn't work, I mentioned that I had some questions and wanted to talk to Dr. Z before we tried again, whereupon I was informed that I could schedule another ($300) appointment.  When we didn't proceed no one from his office even bothered to follow-up with me about how things went with the failed IUI.  I felt like he could care less whether I got pregnant or not.  I know that infertility treatment is big business, but I felt that for the amount of money I spent my doctor should have a little more empathy.  I might have continued treatment then. 	3	4	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	My wife and I saw Dr. Z for infertility and ended up choosing to to IVF after all the initial tests were run.  While our procedure was not successful, we don't believe that reflects poorly on the dr or his staff or their abilities as medical professionals.  However, I have two complaints.  When in the room, I was routinely referred to by both the Dr and his staff as &quot;the male factor&quot; or other such third party terms.  There were also other words and actions that made me (the husband) feel as though the process was all about my wife and I was just the sperm donor.  I bit my tongue a lot because Dr Z was rumored to be the best in AZ for infertility.  The second complaint was about the staff not thoroughly explaining instructions during pre-operative and post-operative drug phases.  Their checklists are confusing and should be revised.  	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
19	0	Ladies, whether you are seeing Dr. Z or another doctor, do your own research about IVF!  I had several consultations regarding IVF and embryo freezing and was never told all of the facts regarding the treatment of embryos.  You will have to choose to dispose of any extra embryos or freeze them.  The freezing process will destroy some of the embryos.  These are our children!  These doctors should be telling us all of the facts, even the ugly ones. 	3	4	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	The negative comments below did not reflect our experience. I have trouble believing them. (1) He has a great bedside manner and so does his staff. He is quiet but polite and respectful (2) He does not push IVF. He sat us down in his office (not an examining room) and professionally went over each option. His session was informative and we CHOSE to do IVF. Let's be honest, women who are having difficulty getting pregnant to the point that they are seeing a fertility specialist will likely need IVF. Most of the other treatments like Clomid can be done by a regular OBGYN. It's expensive and some people are in denial about the cost of getting pregnant (3) His staff was friendly and spent time explaining the IVF procedure and what we need to do at home. (4) On the day of the procedure, everyone was very warm and supportive. (5) Overall, this is the best money I've ever spent and we were lucky Dr. Z was available. There are other fertility docs in the city who are known to scam patients. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	0	Every time I left Dr. Z's office I was in tears because he did not have a good bedside manner.  I always felt like I was a number to him, and he was detailing to me the standard options instead of personalizing the care for me.   When I asked him questions he almost seemed offended that I would question his judgment.  It felt like he wanted to push an expensive treatment on me  instead of pursuing other less expensive and less invasive options first with no explanation as to why.  When I requested a copy of my medical records I was appalled to look at his notes where he reported that he told us success rates, answered questions, etc, when in reality neither my husband nor I recall those things ever being discussed.  I also had numerous problems with the office staff. For instance,  I was never told I had to be fasting for blood work and had to take additional time off work.  I realize if Dr. Z helps people get pregnant they are emotionally attached to him, but I can't recommend him .  	2	3	2	3 	Insurance:Aetna
19	1	His IVF success rates appear very good, but as pointed out by another rater this may be an indicator that he is using IVF in patients that could be treated with less invasive methods.  Has anyone out there had success with other methods using this doctor (fertility meds, IUI, etc. )&#63; 	3	4	3	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	-1	Dr. Zoneraich was not helpful and much of a rip off if you ask me.  For a procedure that took five minutes tops he has charged me $5000 for.  He is in network for insurance companies however his lab is not.  He charged me more than my surgery cost at my ob/gyn.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
19	1	IMO, Dr. Zoneraich is a rare and very good doctor.  It takes a lot to gain my husband's trust, and he even approved.  His staff is really great (especially Michelle and Joyce).  The doctor will see you on every visit and he always treated me with kindness and attentiveness.  	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	-1	Zoneraich didn't help me at all and seemed annoyed that I was wasting his time. He couldn't tell me anything because he didn't have my past records. Why didn't they send away for my records beforehand when I faxed the release and consent form to them weeks before the appt&#63;! Why not wait to schedule me until he has the past information so he could give me new information&#63; He was rude and impatient.  	5	5	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	-1	In my opinion, Dr Nathaniel Zoneraich and “Advanced Fertility Care(AFC)” are the front-end for selling expensive programs such as IVF and donor egg program. I was very impressed by the high IVF successful rate, and later realize that this could be caused by advising IVF and donor program to couple that can be treated by reproductive medicine and simple procedure. I was suggested to seriously consider donor egg program by Dr Zoneraich after first blood draw and ultrasound, but was able to conceive after 1 cycle of medicine treatment by asking for a second opinion from other doctor.  Also, he himself might be in-network (e.g. CIGNA), but the lab might not.  	3	5	1	3 	Insurance:CIGNA
20	1	Dr Zahiri and her staff are wonderful. They all made me feel comfortable and I was amazed at how painless my appointments were.  I definitly recommend Dr. Z 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	0	Dr Zimmerman is probably competent overall.  He did a successful cataract implant on me some years ago.  On the other hand, he is very patronizing and condescending, never smiles (& neither does his assistant, for that matter). I don't feel comfortable discussing my options with him.  	3	5	3	3 	Insurance:Medicare
21	1	Dr. Zimmerman literally saved my husband's eyesight.  When it was evident that his glaucoma was worsening, he had him in surgery within two days.  A wonderful, knowledgeable and caring doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
22	0	He came in room and never introduced himself went right to work and it was lazer on the retina and it hurt.  Second visit for the other eye and again he came in with my wife sitting in the room with me and just said hi. She told him that it hurt last time and he said well he got through it.  And it  hurt just as bad the second time.  I would never go back to him again.  My follow up will be with another doctor.   Its too early to know if the treatment did any good yet 	5	4	1	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
23	-1	I had been seeing this doctor for 5 yrs.  I had an apt, but I got the time wrong, by 15 min.  They called when I was 8 min late, and said I was almost there.  By the time I had arrived, they had given my appointment away, and it may be as much as 1 hour to wait.  Dr Zweig came out of a meeting with a patient and reprimanded me for being late.  She said I could wait but it might be two hours.  I waited because I had taken off work.  After she finished with one patient and was about to see another, she said “she didn’t see this working out today and I should reschedule”.  She was rude and condescending.  She also said this in front of the secretary, and two patients.  I burst into tears. She made me feel AWFUL for being 15 min late.  I left the psychiatrists office crying, for the first time ever.  I will not see her again.  There are enough people in the world who make me feel bad about myself, I certainly don’t need my psychiatrist (who I pay) to make me feel that way. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
23	-1	.  	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
23	-1	Dr Zweig is cold and moody in her interactions with her patients. She gave my 16 year old son options on which medication to go up or down on, as if a 16 year old would know that. She reluctantly responds to phone calls about patient med concerns, although she encourages a patient to call with med change symptoms. She doesn't seem to have a grasp on medication options and is very limited in the options she does present.  	2	4	1	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
23	-1	This doctor should not be in the business of healing. She is abrasive, easily annoyed (needing to repeat a question). My 20 minute consult consisted of her asking me @ 20 prefabricated questions requiring mostly yes/no answers. Based on a dearth of one-size-questions, she could have concluded nothing regarding presenting symptoms, diagnosis, or treatment plans.After her cursory consult, she concluded she could not help me, handed me a post-it on which she wrote a referral,'Miriam Smith' There was no title, specialty, phone number, address, or credentials listed. Beyond this, her large dog freely roamed the waiting room. Although well-behaved, had Zweig a kernal of empathy, she would be aware that some patients have allergies, some are fearful of dogs, or like me, found the presence of a dog in a doctor's office distasteful and unprofessional. (And I have 2 and love them dearly!) I see this as evidence of Zweig's self-centered,inconsiderate, and compassionless personality. Steer clear.  	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	-1	Unfortunately, she like other psychiatrists nowadays, knows only to prescribe drugs.  However there is absolutely zero science to her method.  She will just prescribe whichever pharmacy happens to have paid her recently.  She is cold, condescending, rude and does not actually care about your issues.  I find her practice of prescribing drugs to be extremely reckless and irresponsible.  She will prescribe you drugs without giving you any knowledge of the side effects of being on the drug or the side effects of when you choose to get off the drug.  Whether or not this is ignorance or she is intentionally omitting information, it is still irresponsible.  It is her duty as a doctor in a trusted position to inform her patients of all the potential side effects of drugs.  Instead she has the attitude of &quot;try this and then come back in a few months&quot;.  If you are having issues, see a counselor.  Psychiatrists are only there to sell you drugs.  They do not actually care about your issues.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	-1	She didn't really seem to care. she was honest but not very compassionate. She asks you personal questions for like an hour and I told her a lot about me so I felt pretty uncomfortable by the time I left and I felt like I was helpless. 	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
23	0	She was very rude and condensending. She said sarcastic remarks, and acted like our questions were stupid. I went with my son, and there were a couple of times, because of her negative attitude, I literally felt like getting up and walking out. It was that bad. We left her office and IMMEDIATELY made plans to find another doctor. We will not go back to her. Would not recommend her at all.  	4	5	1	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	I cannot believe there anything negative said of the receptionist, she is so efficient!  I love the dr. and she may very well be &quot;cold&quot;, but I think unemotional is the key to talking to a psychiatrist!  She has been my dr. for 6 or more years, and has made my life manageable.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
23	0	A few months ago I attended a session with a girlfriend whom had been seeing this Dr. for some time.  We were 15 min late due to traffic, so my friend (ie. the patient) called &amp; informed the office of this prior to arriving.  When we arrived Dr. Zweig was visibly upset &amp; my friend proceeded to apologize incessantly to no avail.  The remainder of the visit was very cold and the Dr. appeared annoyed by her patient's multiple questions.  I actually felt awful for my girlfriend as I know she left there feeling worse than when she came in.  I understand that the psychiatry profession is different from the psychology and even the counseling profession, but isn't the overall idea to help the patient.  I couldn't get over how rude this Dr. was over a simple mistake.  Not even a mistake, traffic problems are unavoidable.  I have no doubt that this Dr. is very knowledgeable, but she could definitely learn something about empathy as &quot;crap&quot; happens. 	3	1	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
23	-1	She didnt seem to care that I wasnt feeling any very much of a difference on the medication she put me on compared to when I initially started seeking treatment. The worst thing about the office is the fact that the receptionist never answers the phone or returns calls. I recently had an urgent issue regarding my medication being refilled and because no one answered or returned my calls, I had to go without my medication for over a week. I expected a phone call and a follow-up with my insurance company. Because this situation took over 2 weeks to handle, I had to pay for my medication out of pocket ($150) and start my medication again from scratch. The side effects from going off cold turkey and also starting from scratch were just awesome- I loved feeling nauseated and getting headaches. I am done with this doctor and her office staff who provide the worst customer service I think I have ever experienced.  	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	-1	Dr Zweig was very rude as far as the session went. I had made an appointment with her hoping to find a doctor that I would be comfortable seeing, but when I told her this, she said that she &quot;doesn't believe in doctor shopping.&quot; She refused to be another doctor on a &quot;list,&quot; and said that patients should find and stick with one doctor, and if problems arose, to work it out. My experience with doctors has not been a pleasant one; the whole point of finding a psychiatrist is to seek HELP, to find someone you can open up to. Especially in this day and age, it is imperative that you seek the help you desire, not what the doctors desire. This was NOT the case with Dr Zweig. I believe this alone was very unprofessional, and do NOT recommend going. 	4	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	Discovered an ailment that had gone unnoticed by other doctors in the field.  My prescribed meds are working wonderfully.  I feel better then I have in YEARS.  She may not be all that warm and fuzzy on the outside, but she does care. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	Wonderful Doc.  My husband really benefited from her and he doesn't like most doctors.  She gets to the issue and address's concerns in a professional manner.  Very impressed and my husbands illness is under control.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	-1	Cold, uncaring, emotionless, and self-centered.  It's not about you; it's about her.  She resented my accompanying my husband (who asked me to go with him) to the office visit (just once!).  She should seek help before doing any further harm. 	5	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
23	-1	Dr Zweig appears to have her own issues. Somewhat self centered and probably disinclined to understand matters beyond her comfort zone.  I recommend that people needing help should go to church.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
23	0	May be knowledgeable about her field, but is unresponsive to special requests and phone calls. Discusses your personal medical circumstances in the waiting room other patients are around. What ever happened to patient privacy&#63; Not very warm and caring when speaking to you. Has a big dog in her office. That's okay if you like dogs, but not if you are allergic. 		5	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	The BEST Dr I have ever had.  Very personable and helpful.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Banner Health
24	1	extremely helpful and kind, great bedside manner.Takes all the time you need and explanes everything in full detail.  Will call a day or two later with results of tests or send them in the mail. couldn't ask for a better doctor.  	 7/4/09	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
25	1	Dr. Zhao is very thorough!  She takes the time to go over everything with you.  She is very caring and sweet.  I have never had to wait more than a few minutes. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	0	 	1	4	4	1 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	I had seen several doctors regarding severe pain in my shoulder.  The other doctors put me in physical therapy, or provided meds.  When that increased the pain, I made an appointment with Dr. Zeman.  He looked at my MRI, examinined me and knew exactly what the problem was.  AFter two years of excrutiating pain I had surgery and have been pain free ever since.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
26	0	I was hit by a car, and sustained a broken leg, a dented leg, compartment syndrome on lower left leg, dilocated hip, ankle, and a host of other problems by being pinched between a parked car and a moving car. Dr. Zeman wrote in a report that my injuries weren't as bad as I was complaining about, and that he can &quot;expect a plethora of complaints from me, and that I was trying to get more money from the insurance company representing the guy who hit me&quot;. Since then I've had seven knee surgeries, and I'm so arthritic, I can hardly walk on some days. There are more physical complaints, but then I'm sure Dr. Zeman would say that's to be expected from me. 	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	 	1	2	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	Previously I had been to two other foot doctors. One gave me hard orthotics which made the pain worse; one wanted to put me on Lyrica which is a &quot;dirty&quot; drug and I can't take it. Dr. Zang took x-rays and also made me walk across a computer board that showed my dysfunctional gait. He gave me a soft orthotic and a strapping which will help improve the overall alignment of my foot. He ordered a TENS unit for me also and asked that I stretch my feet/calves once a day and in 3 days go to twice a day. If this doesn't help, I will have regenerative injection therapy which will &quot;trigger a tissue healing response and increase blood flow to my foot.&quot; I was positively overwhelmed with how much he listened and impressed by the great detail he gave me in explaining my condition. I would recommend him to anyone, especially those who have not had luck with other doctors or treatments.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	1	Dr.  Zang is a wonderful doctor and he resolved all my foot problems! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	0	. Only wants patients who buy products that he sells 	3	2	1	4 	Insurance:AARP
28	1	. He is the best most compassionate doctor i have ever seen 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
28	1	Dr. Zang is the kindest-caring doctor I have ever had. My 1st. appointment was very educational. He gave me a detailed explanation about my ankle surgery and recovery time. Thanks for being professional and friendly.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
28	1	Dr. Zang has the best bedside manner of anyone I know. He makes each patient feel important and really listens and knows how to help. He is caring and truly has healing hands.  	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
29	1	Linda Zimmerman is the BEST dentist. I've referred quite a few close friends and they all agree.  Linda is a perfectionist and that is what I want! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
30	1	VERY caring, thorough, interested in patient.   VERY knowledgeable!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
30	-1	This is the worst Doc i have EVER been to.  He's arrogant and does not listen to me. He questioned and challenged answers I gave him. The Treatment and prognesses was made solely with his I-phone.  He made me come back to &quot;discuss&quot; before any refills were given, Eventhough the meds were fine. The nurses gave very limited info and forced me to make continuous appts.  If your looking for a Doc that uses the internet to look EVERYTHING up, wastes your time and money and doesn't listen then he's your man! 	3	5	1	1 	Insurance:HealthFirst
30	1	Dr Zachow is caring, knowledgeable and thorough 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	Dr. Zerba is highly skilled and helpful in relieving pain.  He has a fantastic 'bedside manner'.  Great doctor and patient care is his #1 priority.  I have seen him for the past 25 years and have never received anything but excellent care from him and his staff. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	Dr. Zerba is incredibly skilled and careful. I came to chiropractic as a last resort, and his series of treatments eliminated my problem where all else failed. Staff is also excellent.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
31	1	I have started a program with Dr. Zerba and it is actually helping. He has been way more concerned about me and my health than money and since my insurance doesn't cover chiropratic care, he has been more than willing to work out a payment schedule. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	0	I have had two visits with him, but have not started a program. He uses pictures to help illustrate the problem, which is good. His punctuality is excellent. I was referred by a patient of his, but I have also been told by a former patient that he only cares about the money. I will rate him again if I start a program. 		5	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
32	0	was very abrut when answering questions.  paid very little attention to my concerns and didnt seem to want to be there 	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Aetna
32	-1	Arrogant.Asked about my symtomology then immediately looks at his watch & interupts. Became verbally abrupt to question about med with Gov.BLACK BOX WARNING. Didn't listen to my lungs.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	1	Dr. Zuhl is a little abrupt but answers all my questions (and sometimes I have many). He also is informative about new and upcoming treatments for asthma. I would imagine if someone had a bad experience with him, it would be because they did not want to adhere to his suggestions. I overlook his &quot;bedside manner&quot; because the man is smart and on top of things. 		5	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	-1	HE IS A LITTLE ARROGANT AND THINKS HE IS GOD IS RIGHT! ALSO CHARGED ME $30.00 FOR HANDING ME A SMOKERS' HOTLINE FLYER AND NAMING 2 DRUGS TO HELP ONE QUIT SMOKING. RIDICULOUS! AND DO NOT RECOMMEND.  		2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	-1	Thinks he is God 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	This is the place you want your kiddos to have their teeth taken care of. Dr. Ziehmer is awesome, the staff is excellent. After 3 orthos consults with different offices today he is the one we are going with for treatment. I am confident that he will achieve the best smile for my 14 yr old.  I will spread the word!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
34	-1	 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	He is a very thoughtful physician.  He is thorough and spends as much time as you need with him.  I am so glad I found him, as my last doctor retired. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	-1	.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Banner Health
35	1	Dr. Z and his staff were phenomenal. I went in for a cleaning. Everything was quick and painless. After 14 years of not having been to a dentist, i'm glad this was the team I chose. Keep up the great work guys! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	Dr. Ziaei is an amazing dentist.  Has great chairside manner, steady hands, and is concerned with how you're doing every step of the way! He's an amazing dentist! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
36	1	Dr. Zehtab did gallbladder surgery on my wife. It seems like he is a very busy guy, but when he did see us in the hospital, he spent a lot of time explaining things to us in plain English and even drew pictures for us.  We really liked him. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	Health insurance is PHCS. He did surgery on my husband for colon cancer. He did a great job. Very knowledgable and caring doctor. One day he could not make it in to see my husband because he got tied up with surgeries. What impressed me about him was that he called the room to see how my husband was doing. He could of called the nurse but, he called into his room instead. He never seems rushed either. Explains everything in words we could understand. He even drew us pictures. We would reccommend him. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	Dr. Zehtab performed and emergency appentectomy at 12:30am.  He met w/ me prior to the operation and talked about the procedure and expectations.  I immediately knew that I would be in good hands.  After the surgery I was taken to my recovery room, where I stayed to rest.  After I woke up I found that the incisions were very small, and in time would go unnoticable.  After I had breakfast Dr. Zehtab came to my room and checked up on me (about 10:30am, so he probabally didn't get very much sleep).  He asked how I felt, and talked about the recovery, and he authorized to have me dismissed (I left before noon).  About 2 days later I called his office requesting a note to return to work (LIGHT duties), they took down my information and said they would call back.  Soon after Dr. Zehtab called to see how was doing to ensure I could return back to work.  After he felt I was fine he signed a work release form, and stated I could pick it up when I was ready.      Overall, I was extremely sati 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
37	-1	Saw doctor once, need breast surgey, he is on the list of TOP DOCS 2009.  Never heard from them again!!!  Called several times got answering machine, friday they are closed for the day, message on maching says they are open from 8 to 5.  Called the following Tuesday, got the same message.  Called their answering service twice, NO RESPONSE....GOT A CALL FROM THE HOSPITAL SAYING SURGERY IS SCHEDULED FOR THE 19TH.  WHAT&#63; 	 10/8/09	1	3	1	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	Dr Ziltzer is a great doctor. Her office staff is horrible!  My son broke his arm and was screaming in the car.  The lady at scheduling couldn't tell me what to do and wouldst get a doctor to help me assess the problem.  I ended up hanging up and going to ER.  I had a problem with billing and had the lady ask if it was ok to hang up on me. Love the docs, staff is the worst ever. 	1	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
38	-1	Dr. Ziltzer is not the best doctor you will ever meet. She is not compassionate at all, which is what you expect from a doctor, especially a pediatrition. I took my 13 year old daughter there, and she hated it. Dr. Ziltzer was very mean when it came to weight. My daughter was 60th percentile for weight, which is normal weight for her height and age. She said that she was overweight and needed to go on a diet. So, my daughter did uncontrollably and became anorexic. When she came back, my daughter dipped under the 30th percentile and Dr. Ziltzer said she was at a perfect weight for her age. I do not reccomend her at all.  	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	1	crams her schedule w/too many patients.  makes you feel rushed, she doesn't have enough time for me or my child 	5	1	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	Dr V Ziltzer has been absolutely tremendous with her care and expertise. She has watched over my 2 boys for the last 10 years. Dr Z has excellent communication skills and I feel is she is an exceptional Physician.  My children love her!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	1	Dr. Ziltzer is a wonderful pediatrician.  She has been taking care of my eleven year old son since he was born.  She is caring and patient.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	1	Excellent care from a very gentle and personable man.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
40	1	Been seeing Dr. Zuess for over 5 years, most knowledgeable and most responsive Psy. I know or knwo of. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
40	-1	Let me talk for 45 min a session, and sent me on my way. Never changed medication even when it wasn't working, just upped the dosage slightly 3 times. No advice given, or anything to work on between sessions.  	5	5	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
40	1	Sorry to see him moving his practice to Scottsdale.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
40	1	Helpful in the role of an integrative medicine referral when I was having trouble tolerating traditional psychiatric medicines. 		5	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	Any reviewer that talks poorly about this Dr. Office never has been there. Dr. Zara and Vinny his PA are the most professional I have ever seen. Vinny the PA has listened to me everytime I've visted. Spend more time with me then any other provider, and has gotten me feeling better right now then I have EVER felt before. Drs for YEARS have not listened to me and ignored the way I have felt since my earliest memories. Vinny has, and has helped me with getting medicine that I just can't thank him enough for. My personal life, business life, and family are 100% improved. I also have no insurance and the office gives me affordable rates. The last review should be removed from this site. Giving people the ability to write such statements really is messed up. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
41	-1	these pakistani dr.'s are the worst i have ever seen. and every referal puts you into the pakistani loop of service. with there main comment being , how good is your insurance. these guys should be checked for al queda connections. zara makes at least 4 to 6 trips a year to pakistan. and you can't understand them and then they get mad at you for not being able to understand them. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	Dr. Zara and his PA Vinnie have been our Primary Card Doctors for several years. We have moved to over 70 miles away and yet, we have opted to keep them as our doctors.  They are both VERY caring and are not afraid to refer you out to a specialist if needed.  The drive is worth the peace of mind, and knowing we are in such good hands is comforting! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
41	1	Dr. Zara is a very good. He has been there for my whole family. Grandma to my kids. I trust him!!! He is great. I have been through alot of with him, he has helped me through the diabetes, depression and many other thngs... thank you Dr Zara 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
41	1	my husband was very ill and was misdiagnosed by the ER.  His condition was not normal in a healthy adult and I was beside myself until Dr Zara found the bacteria infection that was causing my husband's organs to shut down.  This could of cost him his life and thanks to Dr Zara my husband is on the mend. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
41	-1	This guy is aweful, he missed my husbands diabetis and heart problem and refused to order a chest xray to make sure his pnuemonia was cleared up.  His billing office is horribly rude, they hung up on me for asking a question about my bill.  Staff is very disorganized and not friendly or helpful.  Has a hard to understand accent.  Also does not believe a word a women says about diagnosis made by another doctor.  I would not trust him with my life or the life of my family... ever!!! 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
41	1	Dr. Zara is a very nice person, but is very direct and tells it like it is. He always greets you with a smile and a hand shake.  He answers all of your questions and gives you his time and is not in a rush to get you out of his office. My husband and I have been going to him for almost 20 years.  We repect him as a doctor and a person. He has always been very knowledgeable and helpful.  His staff is very helpful and friendly also.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
42	0	 	 7/31/12	1	5	3	Insurance:Unknown
42	-1	I have been out of the country for a few years and I needed serious dental work. My experience with the Dr. was very good. However his staff has terrible customer service. And as a business owner I have to blame him because he is responsible for how his employees act. When the estimate was written out they explained there was a payment plan. When I looked it up, it is not a payment plan. It is a credit card with 0% interest for a certain amount of time. I called the office to clarify and the receptionist was very rude. She told me she was sorry I didn't understand. Of course I would have understood it if she had said we utilize a third party payment system to ensure you can't walk away from a bill but she didn't .She said payment plan. Those are two different things. I don't like being lied to. It makes me wonder what else they are lying about. No work was done and I will not go back. Hopefully they don't try to bill my insurance for any of the work or cleanings that were not done.  	1	3	2	2 	Insurance:Delta Dental
42	1	Dr Zamani did an exceptional job in restoring my teeth after a number of years of wear. I was amazed at how he &amp; his staff were able to put me at ease &amp; complete the dental work painlessly. Dr Z &amp; his staff went above &amp; beyond in educating me on my dental concerns &amp; care in ways that no other dentist has ever done. I now fully understand how &amp; WHY to PROPERLY care for my teeth. I can honestly say that going to the dentist is no longer a dreaded experience. I would highly recommend Dr Zamani to anyone with or without dental fears. Thank you Dr Z for restoring my confidence &amp; smile again. 	 6/4/12	5	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	Dr Zamani was the best dentist I have ever seen. The first time I met h he took the time out to explain everything he can do to fix my crocked teeth. He has always been very gentle and caring in less than a year he fixed my teeth with invisalign. I also have gotten the best teeth cleaning there too. 	 5/25/12	5	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
42	-1	 	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
42	-1	Hands down the WORST customer service from a dental office I have ever experienced. I saw an ad on AmazonLocal and called to clarify some questions and concerns I had. Upon calling, the receptionist Clara started to go into some costs of the Invisalign program. Upon my questions to clarify the wide range she quoted me ($4k-$7k) she reacted in an extremely unprofessional and condescending tone. My concerns were simply to have idea of how the cost breakdown would be. She then HUNG UP ON ME abruptly. I called back and asked if we were disconnected and ONCE AGAIN she was very rude and tried transferring me to another receptionist but without surprise, all of the office lines were occupied at that time. WOW for a potential revenue generation of $4k-$7k she really dropped the ball and I WILL NEVER give my business to Dr. Zamani's establishment. I feel bad for the Dr. because he has no idea his front desk girls are treating potential new patients like this 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	Dr. Zamani is a great dentist and his knowledge of TMJ exceeds that of other dentists I've seen in the past. His staff is helpful and they try to work with you depending on your situation. I read negative comments on this site as well and, honestly, I think these are competitors trying to make him look bad. My rule is always to try him out and judge for yourself.  He's a very compassionate dentist. 	 3/6/12	4	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	I arrived at Dr. Zamani's office early, so his staff put me in the relaxation room with massage chairs until my appointment.  I was having three mercury fillings replaced.  I was concerned about one tooth, and I thought I might possibly have to have a crown.  Dr. Zamani was able to make the repair without a crown.  He worked well with his assistant, and they were done much quicker than I expected.  I will admit, I was a little nervous about having this done because it has been years since I've had any fillings.  The assistant put me at ease by her friendliness and even put a heated pillow under my neck to make me more comfortable.  I will return to have my remaining fillings replaced. 	 2/7/12	4	4	4	Insurance:Unknown
42	-1	Very Terrible Dr. Please do not go here. They push things that are not needed and are money hunrgy. I had him work on 2 teeth and because of the poor work completed I was in pain for 4 months. I was in and out of the office and he never fixed anything. I now have had 2 root canals and need crowns to fix the damage done. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
42	0	careful this guy will fraud you.I went in to get the free exam and x-rays needing some dental work.after the PAINFUL ROUGH and rude exam i did the scheduling process and felt like i was buying a car.The next day i called and CANCELED my appointment and yet his office still billed me for the dental work that was never done!i complained and they said if you dont pay we will take you to court. I now have a negative on my credit report for dental work that was NEVER DONE! stay away far away go anywhere else 	 12/1/11	1	5	1	Insurance:Unknown
42	-1	 	 10/10/11	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	I felt like I was buying a car! I did NOT like the 'sales' tactics in a detal office - please keep that to cars only! The pressured me to have a procedure done right then and there even though I told the lady I had to go to work 2 x's. She tried to get me to go on a monthly payment plan w/out telling me they would run a credit check or telling me i was 'applying for credit', luckliy i saw the name on the form and new it was a credit card, which i quickly declined to sign. the lady going over the payment plan talked VERY quickly and changed the price from what was on the print out, making me very suspect.  The dentist was very nice but becuase it is SOO expensive compare to my old dentist and I don't like their sales tactics and pressure tactics i probably will not continue! 	2	4	3	4 	Insurance:Delta Dental
42	-1	This is the worst Dentist's office and worst customer service I've ever experienced. Dr. Zamani is actually nice, though you rarely see him. He may or may not be a good Dentist, I don't know, but if he is, it is completely masked by his HORRIBLE staff. It is sad that Clara has been named personally many times here. She is incredibly rude, doesn't know what she's talking about and constantly contradicts herself and then says &quot;I never said that&quot;. I was also pushed into invisalign, which I did need; however, they ordered them immediately before financing was approved and then she treated me horribly when I didn't get approved for the full amount. It is obvious they try to sell you all kinds of things and tell you that you have problems that no other Dentist sees. Dr. Zamani is trying to improve the image of his office, why does he not put any thought into the impact his staff has on his reputation&#63; I will never return and I'll tell everyone I know how horrible this office is. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
42	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
42	-1	My experience with Dr. Zamani has been similar to the other posts regarding the high pressure sales tactics used to coerce you into buying Invisalign. I got a second opinion from another dentist who said Invisalign would not be necessary for me as long as I have regular cleanings. Be sure to get a second opinon and be critical of EVERYTHING this Dr. and his office staff tell you! 	2	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
42	0	I waited for half an hour to get called to a chair then waited another half hour after the x-rays to see the doctor.When he sat down with me he asked me how my day was five times so he was obviously not concentrating on me-his patient.His demeanor changed after he examined me and he told me I needed a laser cleaning which would cost me $2000 out of pocket and intensive periodontal therapy. They ushered me to Clara who immediately tried to get me on a payment plan.I knew I would not be able to afford all of this and called the next morning to pick up my x-rays and get a second opinion.They said the x-rays were complimentary and my insurance had not been billed.I then checked with my insurance and they had been billed.When I called back to inform them they still denied submitting the claim but finally consented to give me my x-rays. The girl then told me she felt sorry for me because I was not fixing my dental issues!I told her I will with someone else. Can we say manipulation&#63; 	3	1	1	5 	Insurance:Unknown
42	0	Unfortuneately the majority of these comments are true.  Dr. Zamanai has trained his staff to aggressively go after the dollar.  I have had every proceedure known pushed down my throat only to be told I still have poor dental hygiene.  When they sold me on Invisilign I figured it might take a couple of years to correct the problem.  After wearing them diligently for over a year I was told I was not wearing them at least 23 hours a day.  BE FOREWARNED!! THIS IS THE SAME EXCUSE EVERY DENTIST WILL GIVE YOU!  I have worn these Invisilgn diligently for over a year.  Zamani and his staff are in constant dollar sales mode, and even though I think he is a very good dentist, it seems that the dollars come before the well being of his patients.  If you decide on Invisilign, go to an Orthodontist who has experience.  Zamani will push Invisilign on anyone as it is an immediate high profit for him with little to no follow up on his part.  	2	3	2	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
42	1	As far as Dr. Zamani's skills go, I feel that he is very knowledgeable and knows what he is doing but he is very hard to trust. He first told me that I had decay under my silver fillings and needed them replaced which costs 2,000. Which is fine, but the next time he told me that I needed Invisalign. I said that I did not want to get Invisalign until I fixed the decay. He told me that I didn't have decay, so I got the Invisalign and automatically next appointment he told me that I'm neglecting to take care of my teeth because I had not yet fixed the decay! Seriously, I have had one bad experience after the next with this place. Clara, the front desk lady is a complete snake. She quotes me one price before the procedure and always tries to charge me a significant amount more once the procedure is complete. I am just waiting to complete my Invisalign treatment before looking for a new dentist. I also have a girlfriend that has moved on from this place as she was having the same problems. 	1	4	2	5 	Insurance:Unknown
42	-1	I agreed Dr Zamani is all about the dollar sign, he doesn't care about you, and they do pressure you to get staff done. They callyou until you said yes. 	3	3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	Great Staff and Awesome Dentist. Dr Z did veneers for my wife, and wow what a difference, she is a new woman! Simply amazing, in just a few weeks.  I have had several teeth worked on, and all turned great. His bedside manner is excellent, very nice guy, and I have never felt the needle!  His Hygienists are awesome, they explained things very thoroughly and I  enjoyed seeing them. We've all been going to him for years and always a great experience.  They have even paraffin hand wax and warm neck pillows! I even went in my last appointment and was offered a massage in their relaxation room-awesome! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
42	-1	My experience with this dentist office has not been a good one.  My teeth are fairly straight and I never had intended to get braces, but when I went to this dentist office, they used scare tactics and had three or four different employees pressuring me to get Invisalign.  I finally succumbed and am now getting a treatment which I do not need.  They also would not let me cancel a monday appointment when I called on thursday before, (I would have to pay $260 for not showing up) and then they did extra work without my consent and still charged me for it.  The list of my complaints goes on and on but there is not enough room in this comment space to list in detail my horrible experiences here.  I would never recommend this dental office to anyone.  	1	5	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
42	1	GONE TO SEE DR ZAMANI, HE WAS A VERY NICE DENTIST,THAT ACTUALLY LITENED TO MY CONCERNS. I WAS CONCERNED ABOUT MY GUMS AND SEVERAL TEETH. I HAD GUM THERAPY AT HIS OFFICE, AND WHAT AN AMAZING DIFFERENCE. HE HAS A VERY HIGH KNOWLEDGE ABOUT DENTISTRY AND HE SUGGESTED THAT WE USE LASERS TO CORRECT MY GUM CONDITION. THE PROCEDURE WAS NOT BAD AT ALL. DR ZAMANI HAS A VERY GENTLE MANNER AND IS POLITE DOES NOT RIDCULE YOU. HE ALSO REPALCED SOME OF MY SILVER FILLINGS WITH PORCELAIN. MY MOUTH FEELS GREAT. HIS OFFICE STAFF IS VERY NICE AND HE USUALLY IS ON TIME. THEY ALL TOOK TIME TO LISTEN. I AM GLAD I FOUND THEM.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
42	-1	Went in for check up and had all these things go wrong. I have been in a lot of pain since I have been to this dentist. I have been very uncomfortable. I believe he and his staff were dishonest in their dealings and misdiagnosed me.  	2	5	1	2 	Insurance:CIGNA
42	-1	I paid $5000 for Invisakign treatment and I had been told it would correct my crossbite. When Dr. Zamani delivered my treatment he then told me afterward Invisakign could not correct my bite. Of coarse I had already paid for treatment. The only teeth Invisalign helped me with has been mt two front teeth inwhich had not even been that noticable. I also found his staff to be very rude and uncaring to mt concerns about this treatment. I paid $5000 for NOTHING! My advice do not do Invisalign. Go to a real orthodontist, Dr. Zamani just cares about the money not you as a patient.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
43	1	Dr. Matta is very thorough and very friendly.  My last Endocrinologist was awful....Dr. Matta is a welcome change! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	I am a colleague of Dr Matta.  I have found her to be knowledgeable, thorough and concerned and recommend her highly. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	Dr. Aaron Zalewski was nice and helpful.  Explained all my dental options with out the feeling of being offered too many services 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	0	He will send his patients to get MRI because he has a finanical interest in that place the does them other than at the local hospital 		1	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
45	0	Arrogant,spent all of less than 2 minutes with me after I waited over 2 hours. Went to another doctor 2 days later and got the help he should have given me. 		1	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE her---I am so glad to have found her and I cannot see myself ever treating with a different OBGYN.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
46	1	Excellent!  Swtiched to her from someone I was not happy with.  Understanding, gentle, personable.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Banner Health
47	1	I have had three Smartxide Dot fractional laser treatments by Dr. Zavala.  Love the results and the staff treated me like a special guest.  Dr. Zavala spent lots of time with me explaining the procedure and answering other questions I had on other treatments they offer at his clinic. I had an excellent experience overall. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	Dr. Zitar has left his practice and returned to working as a Hospitalist.  This is a tremendous loss for all of us that were his patient and benefited from his outstanding care and compassion.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
48	1	Dr Zitar is amazing, coming from admitted to an emergency room on five different occasions, and the ER doctor eventually referring Dr. Zitar to me! I have been his patient for over 2 years now, and he is unbelievably caring, compasionate, and sensitive beyond belief. His demeanor is sincere, and he will work to help you in any way that he can. He is not, however an enabler, nor will he write you a script just because you think you need it. He is the real & actual doctor and he takes his job very seriously. If you are looking for someone who will share in your ability to maintain good health, and support best habits (based on his professional direction) - you will not be sorry that you tried Dr. Zitar. Superior above anyone I have ever been too in the 17 years I have been in Arizona! Best of luck.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
48	-1	My mother came to see Dr. Zitar recently in hopes to find a doctor that would take the time to help her with her severe pain and migraines. Due to my mother expressing she has explored some natural medicine in addition to the convential Dr. Zitar very hatefully got up and walked out of the room stating he could help my mother. I would like to remind this doctor She was not looking for a cure for her pain. She was looking for a doctor to help her in his expertise and with a little compassion. I am not sure if Zitar forgot the motto of do thy patient no harm.To take it a step further I called to speak to the office manager and was told very casually that some patients and doctors don't see eye to eye. I would like to know how that can be determined when he didn't even spend enough time with my mom to determine if he could help her. I would not recommend this doctor to anyone. I am disgusted at the body language and actions of this doctor.  	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
48	1	Personable, professional, caring, great listening skills, one of the best doctors I have ever seen. I feel confindent in the health care I receive there and my entire family sees Dr. Zitar. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	Office staff is exceptional.  I was seen at the time of my appointment with no more than a 5 minute wait after being in the exam room.  Dr. Zitar listens, provides solutions, and informed me of my options; very friendly and patient oriented; did not appear hurried during our visit; up to date on information pertaining to my concerns.  I would not hesitate to recommend him to family or friends.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	1	I went to Dr. Zitar as a new patient about a month ago.  I was extremely pleased with the service I was provided.  As a healthcare professional myself, I am all too familiar with how hard it is to find a doctor who actually listens and cares and isn't just out to see as many patients as possible to keep those $$$ coming in.  He was not like that at all.  He actually took the initiative to solve my problem instead of just trying to cover it up.  I would highly recommend this doctor.  I'll never go anywhere else.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	1	Took very good care of me when I was deathly ill. Nursed me back to health, checked very carefully medicines he prescribed.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Pacificare
48	1	Dr Zitar has excellent interpersonal patient-doctor skills. He takes time, he listens and really cares about patients. He has been my primary doctor for 2 years now. I have seen a couple of other doctors in this office and they are all outstanding.  The office staff is professional, on time and very friendly.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
48	1	I have had nothing but outstanding service and care by Dr. Zitar, his staff, and associates. Having had an unreasonable amount of expierience with many many Doctors, I will never hesitate to refer Dr. Zitar as being more than a fresh breath of air in regards to the failing quality of care from the current state of medical service. He is responsive to you, prompt, and full of character. Qualitys sorely missed in his community of &quot;Professionals&quot;. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	Outstanding doctor and outstanding, efficient office staff. I can't say enough nice or positive things about this doctor, his partners and the great care he has given me. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	He is very kind, professional, knowledgeable and funny! He is a doctor who loves being a doctor, and it shows. I was seen PRIOR to my appointment time. I felt I was listened to during the entire appointment.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	-1	I was forgotten twice in the room, she did not follow through with what we had talked about, and she did not listen or order appropriate test. I highly do not recommend her. 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	Dr Zelechowski was my podiatrist in the Atlanta area for a number of years.  I highly recommend him.  We really miss him.  He was highly trained, prompt and kind.  He will first recommend a conservative treatment and never rushes into surgery.  If you do need surgery, he's excellent.  By the way, I'm not a relative or friend.  He was just a great doctor and I wish him the best. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
51	1	he has always been there for me when i needed him the most, when i couldnt afford my meds he helped. he always listened, and talked to me with understanding. 	 9/7/11	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	Great endocrinologist!  I had 2 other endo's that were horrible before I found this doctor.  He was very good about listening to my concerns and working with me to find appropriate solutions. He is also very knowledgeable and experienced. If your looking for a doctor you can trust, this is your man. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	Dr. Zwart is the first Endocrinologist I have found to willingly assist, instruct, and encourage in my life with diabetes (T1).  I have had several bad experiences prior to finding Dr. Zwart, and I am happy to say that I no longer stress out before my appointments.  He is always willing to help and offer direction with encouragement.  He is the best endocrinologist I have ever been to.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
52	1	Dr. Zwart is one of the most amazing doctors I have ever met. He was the specialist that had I had been sent to for a thyroid condition, and I'm so glad. Two years ago, I moved to another state, and due to some difficulties, I hadn't been able to get a regular doctor's visit in or get on a medical plan, even though I need daily medication. He and his staff have continued to check on me and seen to it that I have up-to-date prescriptions, even though I haven't physically seen him in that two year time. This is above and beyond what any other doctor I have met would consider doing, and I have neither the words nor the space to describe what a wonderful doctor he is. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	Excellent.  Calls you directly with test results.  Not one of those that requires you to come in and be charged for a visit for everything.  Works to get you in promptly.  Very kind and personable.  	1	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
52	1	I can not say enough nice things about this wonderful doctor.  I have a rare endocrine condition that required neurosurgery.  Dr. Zwart was understanding, helpful, and supportive.  He returned my emails when I was concerned about medications and abnormal symptoms within hours.  He would accommodate emergency appointments, and was always courteous and pleasant.  He spent time describing the treatment plan and making sure I understood.  I highly recommend him to anyone seeking a compassionate Endo. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	Plesant,knows what he's doing, wants to help his patients,great nurse working with him, all around great doc.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
52	1	When I first saw Dr. Zwart about 6 years ago he was definitely not a 'people person' but I saw him again a few months ago and wow, he was nothing at all like I remembered him except for his medical expertise. Very friendly, spent time explaining many things to me and what alternatives I had (changes in lifestyle as well), and he even laughed! He is well known and well-respected as one of the top endocrinologists in the US and now he is an absolute pleasure to have as a doctor also. Caring, patient, informative, and spends time listening too. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
52	0	He's pleasant enough but I don't feel like he really cares about me as a patient. Doesn't answer my questions. I've had to be rescheduled for months at a time when his office had scheduling conflicts. Wait time for an appt. is too long, and wait time in office is too long (over an hour).  	5	1	2	4 	Insurance:Tricare
52	1	This is the MOST wonderful man.  Love his ability to make you feel worthwhile. Sensitive, smiling, and the needle aspiration done was so perfect, and all my stress was wasted.  This is the doctor if you need an endocrinology doctoy.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
53	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	I have just moved here from Al. Just had a Lung Transplant just a little over a year now. went to the this Dr. because I was not feeling well after making the move. He put me on antibiotics and referred me to a local lung dr, and a psycriatrist for my bipolar that I have been suffering with since the surgery. He was very understanding and talked with me. He knows I have to travel to Phoenix for my clinic check ups at least quarterly, so he wants me to have local drs in case of any emergency. I think He is a fantastic DR.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
54	1	Dr. Zeggara is a very kind, caring and knowledgable doctor. He takes the time to listen to you and to discuss treament options. His office staff is very friendly and competent.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
54	1	Dr. Zegarra is a very compassionate and caring doctor.  He listened to everything I had to tell him, and actually discussed my options for treatment.  He wanted me to be comfortable with the medications he prescribed and made sure I had no further questions.  He took a lot of time with me and was not rushed.  Also, his office staff is very nice and they are very competant.  I appreciate Dr. Zegarra's willingness to let me be a part of my own care.  I highly recommend him as a family doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Veterans Administration
54	1	After working closely with Doctors for 20+ years,  I had a lot of misgivings about this country doctor.  They were needless fears.  He is first rate in all areas.      	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	I went in for a pap smear and he not only did the examination but also gave me information with health tips.  This included how much Calcium a woman should be taking at different life stages, he joked around and said &quot;you don't want to end up like that lady&quot; while pointing at his office wall poster of an older lady with Osteoporosis.  He was helpful, thumbs up! 	4	3	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
56	-1	He has been censored in 3 states and fined in NY and made to practice under supervision for a year because he operated on the wrong side of two patients.  So he left the state.  See www.health.ny.gov/ 	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	He was amazing, my husband had a micro discectomy. He was able to stand right after surgery and by day two for the first time in 4 months he didn't need pain killers.  The man was amazing.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
56	1	DR Zimba was very help and up front with my husban and I during his recent surgery on his back. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
56	-1	Please see the NYS DOH web site. Make sure you open the PDF file and read what he did. Also, this guy was fined in Michigan June 19, 2009.  He is now in Bradford, PA. 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
56	-1	My family physician told me he called their office and basically told them NOT to keep sending him people who he could not perform surgery on. He came out and said that he makes his money by operating so, therefore, unless he can operate on the person himself he has no interest in helping the person find out what is wrong with them. Therefore, he doesnt even look at a person unless he sees dollar signs flashing in front of his eyes. 		3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
56	-1	I feel very uneasy that this guy is considered a doctor. NEVER AGAIN!!! 		2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	I have found Dr Zacher to be the doctor I could find in Phoenix. I went to see several doctors before deciding on Dr Zacher to be my primary doctor. I can't speak highly enough about him. He is friendly and takes the time to explain the details about your condition, along with detailed options you may have.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
58	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
59	-1	Saw this doctor several years ago. Did some hair testing and prescribed some very expensive supplements that did nothing. Total quack! 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
59	0	I wrote to enquire about possible treatment at Dr Zieve's clinic in Prescott. Being extremely ill, I was willing to relocate for treatment with the right physician. He seemed very talented and knowledgeable. But I was pushed by the assistant to get a phone consultation for 240$. I simply wanted to ask if he could treat me. Desperate and suffering, I accepted, full of hope. He offered to help me relocate and seemed very kind. He said my healing could take a year. I was willing to do anything. I was overjoyed and full of hope. But after waiting two weeks and not hearing anything, I was told that after all, they feel the cannot treat me. Phone conversation didn't lead to anything; no medical advice, no treatment, no help at all. For this, I paid 240$!!! I cannot believe this has happened. I am in such shock. Being this very ill, and let down so very callously. 	1	2	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	I am surprised by the negative comments from other patients. He performed ACDF on me 4 years ago, was excellent with pre-surgery appointments and provided extremely detailed information on the procedure, and then discussed pros and cons in detail. Excellent post-surgery follow-up. I am now having lower back issues, and he is the only surgeon I would ever think of going to.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
60	-1	I had an appointment scheduled to see Dr. Zeiller. When I arrived I had to wait 45 mins past my appointment time and then put into an exam room for another 10 mins when I was finally met by his Physicians Assistant. I NEVER saw the doctor! My MRI nor Xrays were seen by either doctor or PA. I had to supply my copy. It was then I was given the quick once over, given a small amount of medication and told to get refills from PCP instead of them.  	2	1	2	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
60	0	Terrible follow-up with patient, doesn't care if your problem is resolved 	2	3	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	I would highly recommend Dr. Zeiller.  Besides being an excellent surgeon, he takes the time to listen and talk to the patients. He exceeded all expectations. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
60	-1	It took 3 weeks to get into his office only to be told he was going to refer me elsewhere. They lost my referal, then denied they ever got it.  The doctor was late, made us wait 20 minutes.   There are many ost.  doctors in Tucson ,AVOID this one, his staff is terrible ,terrible.  The worst doctors I have ever been to.  I did not like his office nor him.  	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
61	-1	Very rude, short visit, no exam, felt like a cattle run.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
61	-1	Doc was very rude. Never introduced himself or said hello. Very short with me. I got an air of arrogance from him.  Will not go back there 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
61	-1	My dog gets a more thorough examination from her vet. After waiting 10 days to see this Dr. and at 66 yrs. old with cracked rib, this Dr. was NO HELP at all. Spent less than 3 minutes in exam. room with me.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
61	-1	I was seeing a PA at Dr Zehris office, and like her a lot. Very helpful. But then she left, and I saw Zehri. Very Rude, Never introduced himself. I had an appointment with a new pa, but for some reason I saw him. He came in and asked me if I had an appointment. I said yes, and he said &quot;Oh, it says walk in on here&quot;. Never said hello. Very short, and I didn't feel comfortable with him. Would not go back and see him for any reason.  	2	4	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
62	1	There are not enough good words to say about Dr. Zonis--competant and caring don't even touch it--weaning me off misdiagosed seizure meds & accurately diagnosing & treating me for the illness I have--gives a much truer picture. He is the only doctor I have ever been to who does not have you fill out a plethora of forms--he takes your history himself-& asks questions as he does so! I truly credit Dr. Zonis with the great quality of life I now enjoy--thank you Dr. Zonis, from the bottom of my heart for your incredible skill & unlimited caring.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
62	1	Very competent and caring. My wife and I have been going to him for eight years and respect his opinion. He seems to be very concerned about his patients care. Never a long wait to see him and his staff is very helpfull. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	Dr. Zannis is not only an amazing breast doctor he and is a caring person.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
63	1	Fabulous physician.  Very comforting and empathetic.  Also treats you as though you were a member of his family.Felt comfortable asking questions and he was very honest and respectful. 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
63	-1	I was never brushed off more.  I went there for breast pain and I feel the cysts inside my breast which showed on mammo/ultra sound.  I barely got an exam and was told to wear a sports bra.  Really&#63; my breast has constant deep pain.  I know my body and this is not normal.  Wasted my time/money with this doctor. 	3	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	What can I say &quot;he is the best there is&quot;.  Absolutely love him and would recommend him to everyone.  He is highly skilled and is very caring and to the point.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
63	1	Every time I have an appointment with Dr. Zannis, I am amazed at how understanding and caring he is. He truly cares about his patients. He is an excellent doctor! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	Zannis is a breast conservationist if at all possible. His bedside manner is phenomenal. He is compassionate & is highly skilled in his field.  He is respected by patients, as well as staff. You can't go wrong with this fine man.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
63	1	Specializes in breast cancer; VERY compassionate and EXCELLENT bedside manners.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	1	Dr. Zachery is an excellent surgeon.  My experience was much better than most off my friends who also had knee replacement surgery.  He was helpful in explaining the necessity of postoperative rehabilitation.  He emphasized my responsibility in creating an excellent outcome.  Ten weeks after surgery I am able to return to normal activity. I was on-time for my appointments and was sen in lesss than 10 minutes. I highly recommend Dr. Zachery with no reservation.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
64	1	Dr. Zachary performed total knee joint replacement surgeries on both knees. They were done 3 months apart and I am now almost back to 100% of what my knees were before the arthritis. He did a wonderful job and there have been no side effects. I highly recommend Dr. Zacahry for this type of surgery.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
64	-1	very unprofessional, makes you wait 40 mins and sees you for 3 mins with no conclusions, no real explanations...on several occasions.  	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:AHC
64	1	Dr Zachary is very professional, he is a conservative surgeon . He has been in practice for over 30 years , I would recommend him to friends and family 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	Dr. Zachary was a good doctor.  Not the greatest doctor ever, but a good doctor.  His staff is VERY nice and he is very easy to get into.  	5	4	3	4 	Insurance:Aetna
64	1	I HAVE USED DR. ZACHARY FOR ANKLE SURGERY AND SHOULDER SURGERY. HAVE HAD NOTHING BUT UNDIVIDED ATTENTION WITH  OFFICE STAFF & QUICK RESPONSE FROM THE DOCTOR REGARDING TREATMENTS OR JUST A QUESTION.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	-1	This doctor is not informative. Very unprofessional. Will not disclose side effects of drugs administered.  I strongly discourage anyone from seeing this man! 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Secure Horizons
65	1	I have been going to Dr Zandieh at both locations for 4 years. He is very meticulous with my teeth. Have had excellent fillings and crowns done that fit perfectly and he can gently file your teeth to make the bite perfect. He is an excellent dentist and does excellent work. He has not ever recommended work that I did not need and he was able to fix a space in my side teeth where I had the crown redone twice at out of state dentists yet he was finally able to replace it with a good fitting crown. He is a very nice and funny dentist also and I enjoy going to his office very much. I go for routine cleanings as well. They hygentis and office staff are nice also. The phoenix office is prettier than the Glendale office even though the building looks ordinary, its cute inside.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
65	-1	This dentist was quick to recommend that he pull my 4 back molars when I complained of pain when he knew I was being treated by an orthodontist. Come to find out from the orthodontist, I only needed a quick bite adjustment. He seems to recommend treatment plans according to his specialties rather than sending you to another specialist.  		3	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
