dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
3	1	 Doctor was quite helpful, showed empathy.  He spoke to my family and explained to them the concerns about my health and spoke to all of us in the simplest language possible to explain my condition rather than the jargon.  He also helped me find an outpatient oncologist who was just as nice.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	1	 My family has been seeing Dr. Tamburro for over 10 years.  I like his demeanor and he never rushes you.  He always asks about my family members, so that tells me how much he cares and is attentive.  I am usually always able to see him, but occassionally see a PA, which I have always found to be good.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
8	1	 I've been going to Dr. Tamburro for almost 10 years.  I find him to be a good physician and a genuinely nice person.  I would recommend him to others.  That said though, I RARELY actually see him, I almost always see his PA or another assistant.  This usually is what occurs when I call in and I am sick and need to see someone soon, so maybe that is not unexpected.  	3	4	4	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	1	 After giving up on another family doctor, I &quot;interviewed&quot; Dr. Tamburro.  I liked his demeanor and caring attitude from the get go.  He has been my doctor now for about 5 years.  The two times I needed to see him because I was actually sick I got an appointment with no problem.  I have found his assistants very helpful and responsive although, as their voice mail says, it sometimes take a day to get back to you.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$30
8	1	 I too have been going to this doctor for many years, and despite my lon drive, I keep going back. He is honest and I agree with most of these comments (no agenda, attentive) His assistants are not as great, slow to respond and sometimess it seems as if they arent so happy. I would highly reccomend him.  	2	4	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
8	1	 I have been seeing tamburro for over 10 years and found that he is a very open doctor who listens. He does not have an agenda or the typical arrogance that comes along with being in practice for many years. His assistants are often slow to respond.  	2	4	4	4	Insurance:Aetna
8	1	commentsI've been seeing Dr. Tamburro for over 10 yrs. My family & friends also go to him. He is very through. I never feel rushed, he always sits & listens to everything I have to say. I now drive 20 miles to see him. We have had problems with the staff (mostly front office, but occasionally back office)but he is such a great doctor I don't want to change. On occasion when they can't fit me in with him, I have felt comfortable & confident with the physician assistants there. 	3	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
8	-1	 Inexperienced, incompetent and disinterested. Relies on Medical Assistant to do his work.  	1	2	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	1	 Dr. Tamburro has been our family doctor for about ten years. He's a very caring doctor and has a great manner. He has always taken care of us in a correct manner.  		5	4	5	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:$3000
8	1	commentsDr tamburro has been my family doctor for my spouse and 4 sons for the last 10 years. I have refered many other friends and family. He is a wonderful doctor. He is alway willing to listen. There have been many times that he has seen myself or family during his lunch hour as well as fit me in when he alreay had a full day. I now travel over 25 miles round trip to see him. As long as he is in practice he will be our doctor. He staff is also wonderful. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
8	0	 Dr. Tamburro was ok, but he seemed to be very robotic and approaching my concerns as if reading from a manual rather than being an independent thinker and troubleshooter. He just seemed to want to delay help or resolution until I waited even longer to see if the things resolved themselves in several weeks.  		4	2	3	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:$15
24	-1	commentsDawn Tames was one of the most difficult people I have ever met. She had a short fuse and would spew out with anger when asked any questions that questioned her treatment. She said she did not believe in asking her patients if they were feeling better. She had a way of blaming any problems on the patient. When I was not improving after 2 months of her treatment she insinuated that it was psychological. I eventually went to a specialist and found out I had a vestibular problem (inner ear imbalance). Eventually I couldn't take her bipolar behavior anymore and stopped her treatment (leaving her with $100 of unused treatment). 	4	4	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
28	-1	commentsI have had 3 surgeries from Tahir. 2 were emergency so i didnt have time to research him and he said i needed the 3rd so i was stuck going with him due to insurance BS. its been over a year and I have not been able to return to work because i cant lift anything and I am on heavy duty pain meds just to make it through the day.... the worst part is that he has such a bad reputation i cant find a surgeon to go in and fix his errors. They are afraid to touch me. I am a female with 1 child and in one of my charts it states i have a penis and testicals.... WOW now i'm trying to find an attorney to sue him but from what i've seen.... even tho patients have died from him not making sure thier blood type was available at the hospital to leaving equiptment inside even those families have lost so i'm not even sure if its worth it. IF YOU CARE ABOUT YOUR LIFE dont use him. 	5	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	commentsEveryone was awesome. Very friendly and made sure I was as comfortable as I could be.I was kept informed and healed from my surgery. 	5	3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	 Dr. Tahir performed a minor surgery procedure on me in his office several years ago and I was extremely happy with him and his staff. I recently had to return and have another in office procedure done and again I was vert satisfied with Dr. Tahir. I had questions and he answered all of them. I've referred him to friends who were just as satisfied as I was.  	5	3	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	-1	 Allegedly trained, but very poor patient interaction.  Wouldn't let him treat me after I read about his reprimands by Medical Board.  Went to another surgeon who wasn't questionable and wanted to help.  Actually didn't need surgery.  This guy is cut happy.  	1	2	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	1	commentsThese rating people posted are crap. I have been to Dr. Tahir for a procedure and he was very helpful. Not only that but his staff is VERY nice. So the stuff people are posting is ridiculious.Just because he's talking in his dictation phone doesnt mean he is not listening to you. That phone is what makes your charts. Guess what and its from what happened in that room. I work for a doctor myself so i know how they are. I also know how patients are and how needy they are as well. YOU are not the only patient he sees and patients seem to think that. So half these posting are just people wanting to be rude. HE DID HIS JOB CORRECTLY! CORRECT&#63; so if he didnt then complain but to just complain saying he wasnt listening you and you paid for nothing...is crap. You paid for his time and knowledge. Some doctors dont have bed side manners who cares... they are there to do their jobs. I have refered plently of people there and not to mention my own dad. Dr Tahir is a good surgeon 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
28	-1	commentsI was referred to Dr Tahir by the ER Dr at Gilbert hospital after being diagnosed with diverticulitis.  The ER dr told me I had to have a follow up appt before I could return to work.  Dr Tahir was very short with me, asked my why I was there even though his office had received my records from the hospital.  The whole time he was talking into his dictation machine not to me, like I wasn't even there. The only advice he could give me was take metamucil and don't eat white bread.  He also said I needed to schedule a colonoscopy. I paid $125.00 for him to tell me the same information that I had already gotten off of the internet.  What a rip off&#63;&#63;  I will find another Dr for any futher help with my condition. 	4	4	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
28	-1	 My father went there and had his appendix and gall bladder taken out. After all that he still has the stomach pain but its been even even worse then what he was in. He has since be in and out of the emergency rooms. We never saw the.Dr before or after the operation. I did a lot of research after all of this and he had many many claims against him. Please if you know anyone having surgery don't let them.  Please take them somewhere else!!! I'm sitting here now at the er with him as I type 	5	4	1	1	Insurance:Medicare
28	-1	commentsThis Dr. needs his license taken away! He did a simple gallbladder surgery on my young chilrens father and now he has been on life support in the ICU for a week fighting for his life! He cut his intestine during the surgery and he became septic after just a few hrs. He was transfered to another hospital where a new surgeon took out 1 gallon of infetion and eight inches of his intestine a few days later. I also know of two other people he has injured during simple operations. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
28	-1	commentsDr. Tahir cut my bladder open during a diuble hernia repair surgery. I am disfigured as a result and continue to suffer with incontenance and abdominal discomfort. Dr Tahir could careless about what he has done to me or any of his victims.  He has numerous complaints yet he is still able to go on hurting others. I have found so many malpractice suits and they all appera to have been settled out of court imagine that. 	4	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
28	-1	commentsi went to dr tahir after my dr refered me to him cuz i had a blood clot or at least that is what he told me. after six months of being in pain and on pain killers i went back and saw him again it had gone no where and not changed in size. he didnt seem to really care bout what questions me or my mother had, he also had no clue of why it hadnt gone away so he told me to just keep waiting for three more months. at that point i called my dr to get a second oppinion and its not even a blood clot its a tumor!!! now im going in for surgery on friday with a dr who knows what they are talking bout!!! i would not go back to him ever again!! 	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	commentsI recently had a large breast tumor removed by Dr. Tahir.  His staff was wonderful - Dr. Tahir didn't blow any smoke... he gave me my options, and we scheduled surgery.  He does have a great sense of humor, and was always very professional.  He actually came and saw me after the surgery and gave me a thumbs up and said everything looked good. I haven't seen him yet for the follow up- and was looking for his phone number to schedule the apt when I came across this.  I felt safe and trust Dr. Tahir.  I am even considering rescheduling a colonoscopy with him- instead of the Dr I used 10 years ago.  I have had surgery before- so I wasn't scared or confused about the process.  In my opinion he was awesome and I was fortunate to have had him as my surgeon.  I will see him for my follow up &amp; if my opinion changes- I will follow up here too.  But- I doubt my opinion will change.  Office staff was excellent and polite &amp; understanding with me. I would recommend this man to anyone. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	commentsI would have to disagree with a few of these ratings. I had a lap gallbladder and appendix done by Dr Tahir last month. Because of the sudden on set of symptoms which required me to be seen right away, Dr. Tahir came to his office in between his surgeries to make sure that I was seen. I have never been to a doctor who worked around my schedule. Not only was he kind enough to give me back my $100.00 when he realized I was a struggeling student but he and his office staff made sure they could get me the best cash amount for an outpatient surgery. Dr. Tahir explained all the risks and answered all of my concerns. Given the fact that I had never had surgery in my life he took the time and made me feel at ease. He has such an incredible sense of humor and made me feel as if I was his only patient. Since last month my dad has seen him for a breast lump and I will continue to recommend him to any family members or friends in the future. He truly is one of a kind 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
28	-1	 I had an emergency gall bladder removal.  Dr. Tahir seemed irritated when I asked questions.  I never saw him before or after the operation.  He never even went to the waiting room to talk to my husband.  He was the most uncaring doctor I have ever met.  I would not recommend him to anyone.  	5	1	1	1	Insurance:MedicarePaid/Co-pay:$175
28	-1	 Had an emergency apendectamy in Jan 08. It seemed to go OK but after 2 days in hospital was throwing up bile and anything I tried to eat. Tahir seemed to think I had a blocked bowel and it would pass. He was very rude and spoke down to me and my family during whole process. Did not communicate anything with me. Come to find out I developed an Abysis in my colon from my surgery. If my Mom was not a retired nurse I would not have known how bad I was. My mom new things were not right had me transfered to another hospital and Tahir was taken off as primary docotor on my case. I got a infectious disease doctor who immediately put me on antibotics after 2 weeks in hospital and 2 weeks in home healthcare I was OK.For a surgery that should have only left me out less than a week turn into a month.Then to find out from medical records that Tahir ruputured my appendix and only suctioned it out and did not open and clean me out which is supposed to be standard. practice.I will never see him again.  	4	2	1	1	Insurance:CIGNA
28	-1	 Dr Tahir removed my gallbladder after I was diagnosed with a non-functioning gall bladder in the emergency room.  Unfortunately, he was very pompous, spoke down to both me and my wife, would not explain everything that was going on and after the surgery just told my wife it was done but would not explain what he found.  When I returned to his office to have my staples removed, I received a rating card from his office staff, rated him poorly and explained why.  When he saw me, he asked me why I rated him poorly.  I explained that he never really explained anything to us and wouldn't answer our questions.  His response, &quot;Well, what do you expect&#63;  I do 5-6 of these per day!&quot;  My response back was that I was a person, not a car on an assembly line and I deserved the respect he would like to have if he were in my position.  He grunted and walked out.  However, I do have to say that his office staff is superb.  They somewhat make up for his &quot;holier-than-thou&quot; attitude.  	5	2	1	3	Insurance:United Healthcare
28	-1	 I had my gallbladder removed on Feburary 4th 2008 and a month after my surgery i got a incisional hernia and Dr Tahir told me it was a blood clot in the muscle,and now i was told from 2 other doctors that it is a hernia.Dr Tahir just doesn't want to have to fix my hernia.I am very unhappy happy with him and never would go back.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:CIGNA
31	1	 Dr Taddei is an excellent Dr, My husband had advanced Rheumatoid Arthritis and she helped him immensely.  Always very on top of his treatment, spent a great deal of time with him.  I would recommend her highly.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	-1	.   	1	3	1	1	Insurance:United Healthcare
31	0	commentsFront office staff very rude. Not qualified to deal with sick patients. Cancelled my appt because I was a little late, ( their map is not accurate). She was accusatory and never appologized.  There was not one other person in the waiting room.  Now I know why! 	1	5	1	4	Insurance:Unknown
31	-1	 Set an appt and then had my primary dr. send related records. When Dr. Taddei saw how old my tests were, she had her staff call me to cancel my appt. They were very rude about it and couldn't explain why they wouldn't just see me and reorder whatever new tests they wanted (my dr.'s original bloodwork was inconclusive so they would've needed to do their own tests anyway). Regardless, there was no reason to be so rude to me.  	1	3	1	1	Insurance:United Healthcare
38	-1	 Does not follow medical guidelines with regard to frequency of testing. Cherry picks for patients willing to tolerate massive excess medicine.  Run away 	2	4	1	1	Insurance:Aetna
38	1	commentsDr. Tamura seemed alright, but his medical assitant, Lisa, was very rude and unprofessional.  After the first consultation I never went back. Paid/Co-pay:$200	1	5	3	5	Insurance:Unknown
38	-1	 Dr Tamura is probably a great Dr if you have small intestine disease---he believes its the source of all issues. However, he fails to listen to the patient, has no tolerance if you question anything and insists on a large amt of unpaid by Ins Co tests. I did find the answer to my issues thru the tests by taking the results elsewhere. He was moving on to look more at the small bowel and diet when I have a genetic immuno deficiency which required immediate treatment. I wouldnt recommend him as I didnt care for being treated as a child and his response was very agitated when I said I researched my symptoms on the internet.  Like no one tries to gain info off the internet these days to help understand their health issues&#63; 	2	2	1	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	-1	 Dr. Tamura seems to be very rushed and when you are upset about your symptoms and no diagnosis he seems to take it very personally instead of trying to find a reason for your problems. I had a colonoscopy and an upper endoscopy and was told there was nothing wrong with me and that I needed to adjust my diet. I am only a little overweight and this weight gain is part of my complaint. I have always had a problem with gaining weight and being too thin so I knew something was wrong. His MA, Lisa, is also very rude with the way she relays messages and the way she speaks to her patients. I went to the ER for massive pain to be referred to a GYN for ovarian cancer. I had a total hysterectomy. I don't expect for Dr. Tamura to specialize in another speciality but it would've been nice if he had listened to me and referred me out elsewhere, instead of assuming that I was just eating wrong. I am 13 days post op and have lost 17 pounds.  	1	5	1	1	Insurance:United Healthcare
38	1	 Amazing...Takes perfect care of my Mother.  Very kind, and professional.  I will go to him when I need a dr.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
38	1	 Best GI man in Oro Valley.  Saved my life over the Thanksgiving Weekend.F.  Litt 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
38	1	 Dr. Tamura is very knowledgeable, however he does not like to be questioned about his diagnosis or procedures. I felt he was yelling at me for asking some simple questions about an upcoming procedure and he talked to me like I was a stupid 5 year old. Needless to say I left very upset. I was also told, by another patient, that he did the same thing to her. Shame on him.  	4	1	3	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
38	1	 His knowledge of Celiac Disease seemed very up to date and thorough, and he seemed very concerned about his patients' health, now and in the future. He pays attention to not only the test results, but to what the patient says. And if a patient says something hurts, he believes them, even if all the tests in the world can't find a reason for it. This man made such a difference in my life and my health, I can't even express how valuable he's been.  The only difficulty is that he DOES want to do a lot of tests: he likes to know exactly what's wrong, if he can. Financially, that would be very difficult, without insurance.  	4	3	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
38	1	 Dr Tamura was outstanding, I was recently in to see him for my 1st colonoscopy as I have been diagnosed with Deverticulitis and I cant say enough good things about him and his wonderful staff. He took the time to explain what was going on and what would happen and when I went to Oro Valley Hospital to get the procedure done it could not have been any smoother.  I HIGHLY recommend Dr Tamura 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	-1	 Dislikes patient to question any aspect of suggested treatment, requires patient to submit to FULL diagostic's MRI, Ulta Sound, Ct scans before he will see you again. Includes a pill camera diagnosis.  	2	2	1	3	Insurance:Medicare
38	1	commentsIntelligent,helpful,congenial...excellent! 	3	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
38	-1	 He failed to treat me correctly.  I was diagnosed with Lymphocytic colitis by him.  He failed to treat me correctly for over 2 years.  I had nonstop diarrhea.  He did two coloscopies on me for the same reason each time. I got a second opinion and was treated correctly with entocort.  My diarrhea stopped in 2 weeks! What a nightmare! I told my primary doctor and he was shocked.  	2	2	1	1	Insurance:Medicare
40	1	 I think that Dr Talluri is a great Dr.He is very caring and listen to me if I ever needed to talk or if I had any concerns he always made the time to answer and give me the information I needed.I wished that Dr Talluri would have a office in CasaGrande.He is a Doctor that I can trust.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	-1	 Very unprofessional. Always on phone. bad breath. I am suffering from chronic problem, he just brushed me off. Visit ended without treatment. Referred me to another physician, who happened to be the same as he was. Stay away from him.  	1	1	1	2	Insurance:MedicarePaid/Co-pay:$10
42	1	commentsDr. Taffet is absolutely amazing!!! From my very first appointment he took the time to explain everything and make me comfortable. He did a septoplasty and turbinate reduction surgery on me yesterday morning and I feel fantastic! I have very minimal discomfort. I'm taking pain meds but only to keep my blood pressure and bleeding to a minimum! I would recommend him to anyone! I am beyond pleased with all aspects and interactions with him and his office staff from first visit to surgery! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	 This is the BEST DR EVER!!! He pulls no punches and is very confident. I trust this man with my life and any of my family members! I would recommend him to anyone. I was seen on time. With that said, I would noy mind waiting for him! My health comes first. If you are that much in a hurry to where you can not wait for the BEST then go to the county hospital and see how long you will wait there.  xoxoxoox Dr T!!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
42	1	 I think a very knowledgable and likable physician. Spent a good amount of time with me despite his very full office.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
42	1	 Dr. Taffet did my tonsilectomy and was excellent.  Chelsea Tallman.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
42	1	commentshes the best ear nose and throat doctor you will find in arizona. Service is incredible 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	 I suffered with allergies for the last 10 years of my life. Seen many doctors from New York to Arizona and I have to say I found the ONE. I would recommend Dr. Taffet to everyone in my life and anyone I meet in the future. I came to him with an my nasal issues and right away he got to the point and even made me feel comfortable. Now he has humor most will not understand, but he never looked down to me or made me feel like I didn't know what I was talking about. Nor did he write me a Rx just for the sake of it. He performed my surgery June 4th and just today he removed my packing and I can now breathe. I'm still tender but if it weren't for him taking action I would still be suffering. Dr. Taffet I thank you from the bottom of my heart.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
42	1	commentsDr. was running late due to an emergency but came out to the waiting room to explain and apologize which i liked. Clearly a New Yorker. Pulls no punches. If you want hand holding and such go elsewhere. As far as knowledge the guy is spot on. Found a blocked sinus that was missed by two previous ENT's and after a short procedure I have been headache free for the first time in 10 years. Also found a tiny but early cancer on my tongue ( I chew). removal proved his suspicion and this may have saved my life. Very busy because he is in demand by people who have done their homework  and want the best. Only whiners will mistake his confidence and straight forwardness as arrogance. Highly recommended. 	3	2	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
42	-1	 Very arrogant. Spent more time putting down another ENT I had seen than addressing my problem. Put a scope down my nasal passageway 5 times and joked about it. Told me to lose 30 lbs in 3 months and then I could treat myself to a deviated septum operation. Weight gain is due to not sleeping properly.Didn't even look at the nostril with the deviation.Went to another ENT and found my septum is severely deviated. What a waste of my money and time.  	3	2	1	1	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:$30
42	-1	comments 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	 I would like to express how greatful I am for having found such a kind and intelegent doctor as Dr. Taffet is. I gave up hope on the medical system before I met him. So, Dr. Taffet restored my trust in physicians. I would seek treatment from this doctor again and again. Thank you, D.D.Bakes.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
42	0	commentsWow...what can I say other than I walked out of there as due to the wait time and rudeness of staff! Appt. was at 3:15 sat there for 15 minutes only to find out he was backed up by an hour and a half!  Staff and Doctors need to take a course in time management.  Not worth it for the amount of time Dr. Taffet spends with you.  Getting a referral to another ENT! 	1	1	2	4	Insurance:Unknown
42	-1	 first off staff is rude,wait time 2 get in a room and will take almost an hour,and from there you'll still wait an additional 30 minutes 2 see the doc!Dr. Taffet placed eartubes in my sons ear about a year ago..since then my son has had complications like bleeding from the ear!I contacted the doc and on one visit he just flushed my sons ear out and said this is normal!should i trust this doctor the same doctor whom never came to check my son after an almost near dead complication after the surgery,my son had devoloped edema in his lung and was losing oxyen and had to be sent to the ER!which in turn was a two day say in the hospital!DR.TAFFET reported in a dictation letter that he gave me a copy of that he was at my child bed side when the complications started&gt;which is SO NOT TRUE!he was no where in the building(per request of me)staff said he was not in house... meaning doc is outta office!any how im so unhappy with this doc as you can tell! 	1	1	1	3	Insurance:United Healthcare
42	1	commentsAfter waiting 2 hours past my scheduled appt. I finally got to see the doctor for 5 minutes.  He had a pleasant demeanor but seemed very rushed. I have a follow up next week, with update with more information. 	3	1	4	4	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	 I was very satisfied with Dr. T. Very nice man, very thoughtful and explained things well. I have skin cancer and had 20 treatments to my face for a cancer on my nose, and it seemed he was always showing up for the treatments checking on things and I heard him advising his staff about details. I felt like he was very much in control and actively supervising my treatment. My skin doctor said he would not send me to anyone else for the treatment because so few radiologists knew how to treat skin cancer....I sure understood that after going thru this treatment. I would recommend this doc to everyone.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
46	-1	 This office took a week to return phone calls about test results.  	1	2	1	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
46	-1	commentsI went to Dr. Takimoto for an annual exam. I filled out the required online forms before the appt with questions that I wanted addressed. When she came into the room, she asked many of the same questions I had already answered on the questionnaire, while never addressing my stated concerns. It appeared she had never even read the forms. After the exam, I was billed for a test I didn't ask to be run, and when I questioned the office, they stated that it was standard and I would have to pay it. I had scheduled a follow up appt, but decided to cancel it. Months later, I was called again and informed that the office had scheduled me for follow up tests. I told them twice that I would not go in for the tests and to cancel them. They did not and I was later informed that I was a no show for an appt. I was again called and told that they had scheduled me for another follow up and I said no, I was unhappy with the office. They never asked why I was unhappy &amp; it is obvious no one cared. 	2	3	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	 I LOVED her she was amazing Dr. Erica Takimoto blessed me. She cared so much about me and know we are friends today.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
46	1	 This was our first visit. She answered all our questions, checked my wife and took all the time we needed to tell us what she thought we needed to do and what she will do to ave our problem. She was on time and did not rush  We will look forward to seeing her again.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Veterans Administration
46	1	commentsDr. Takimoto is very good at what she does. Any questions I had were addressed and her answers were understandable. She took all the time I needed for my appointment. Her gentleness and kindness were such a treat to find in her field. I highly recommend her. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	 Dr. Takimoto was amazing! she delivered my 5th baby. And I wish she would have been my Dr. for the first four. She listened to my concerns as if she really cared about me.she remembered me at each visit and made me feel sooo comfortable. My delivery was short and easy. She took into consideration everything I told her about my previous deliveries and trusted me that I knew my body. Ive never had a dr treat me so well. I will miss my monthly/weekly visits either. I would highly recommend her to be your Doctor..  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:$364
46	1	 Dr. Takimoto delivered my baby in October.  She was an amazing doctor, kind, caring, compassionate and even assisted us when we had issues with her staff.  I would refer anyone to her. I was induced and she was fabulous every step of the way. She even agreed to let my husband deliver the baby, with her assistance, if he wanted to which was just amazing.  Most doctors never agree to have someone so active in the delivery of their child.  I don't have any unpleasant thing to say about Dr.  Takimoto :) 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Humana
46	1	 Dr tokimoto wasnt even my dr but I went into labor early and she was the oncal dr for st maria who I never saw! But wen I met dr tokimoto, I was like wowww she looks very young to be a doctor! But I ended up going into labor that night and dr tokimoto delivered my baby! She was awesome, she had me laughing while pushing.  She was talking to me the whole time, very comforting, overall even tho she was the only dr I know to give birth in some pumps! Whoot power to her! I love her awesome dr! 	2	3	3	5	Insurance:Tricare
46	0	commentsDr. Erica Takimoto is always late to my Prenatal appointments, never carries my chart into the room, so when I ask her questions, she always seems to search for answers. 	3	1	3	3	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	 Dr.  Takimoto made the birthing process as well as the delivery of our daughter such a wonderful experience!! She is a Top Notch Doctor and will be highly recomended to everyone we encounter having a newborn, and looking for an OBGYN 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Humana
46	1	 Dr. Erica Takimoto is awesome! she made me feel very comfortable &amp; she took the time to fully explain the procedure being done! This is the first time that I feel very happy with the doctor I've selected.  I look forward to having a long time doctor/patient relationship! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Humana
47	1	commentsWilling to work with all options and not locked into allopathic approach. Respects patients prespective. 	2	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
51	-1	 Dr Tahlwar has insufficient knowledge on the condition my daughter has. I feel he should learn about it and research it so he could offer more help and advice. His assitant is cold on the phone. Not very empathetic.  	1	5	1	2	Insurance:Humana
51	1	 We've seen Dr. Talwar for our son for the past 15 years.  He is extremely knowledgeable of our son's disorder, including seizures, is extremely kind, gentle, and caring.  We never, ever have felt rushed.  Dr. Talwar is extremely respectful of our son and of us, never making any of our questions seem &quot;silly&quot; or unfounded.  Our son's seizures have been extremely difficult to manage, but with Dr. Talwar's tenacity and expertise, he has not had a seizure for years...after having had hundreds per day at one point.  One of the reasons we have never left Tucson for &quot;greener pastures&quot; is Dr. Talwar.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
51	-1	 Asked for a referal to get my daughter surgery. Its been months and he hasnt sent it to us.  	1	1	3	1	Insurance:CIGNA
51	1	 My daughter has been seeing Dr. Talwar for 5 years. Dr. Talwar has never been anything but professional and caring, he is also very good with the parents of his patients :)Although we know he has a huge patient load we have NEVER felt rushed though an appointment. He answers all of my questions, even the ones I'm sure are silly, he takes seriously.  Best of all, our daughter LOVES HIM!!!! I can not say enough wonderful things about this physician!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:UPMC
51	-1	 We saw Talwar because of neuropothy in my daugther's hands. Talwar did 3 diff nerve tests & an MRI, results - normal. Suggested a rheumatologist. She also did blood tests & MRI's, results - normal. Back to neurologist - Talwar. He said, &quot;I don't know why you made an appoint. All the tests are normal. I can do them again if you like,&quot; & suggested a psychiatrist. There is OBVIOUSLY neuropothy in my daugther's hands & it's NOT psychological. Why can't he admit he doesn't know what is wrong & do alittle research to try to find out, or if he can't figure it out find someone who can&#63; Is'nt that what Doc's get paid for&#63; MY DAUGHTER HAS NO HANDS ! He leaves you hanging.  	3	3	1	1	Insurance:United Healthcare
51	-1	commentsWanted to give my 5 year old Thorazine for mild tics! Not impressed. 	3	3	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	commentsDr Tamm is wonderful in my opinion. And his staff is great help me with my medication even when I was out of town. I wouldn't think of going anywhere else. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
63	-1	 Missed a severe condition diagnosis in my opinion.  Avoid at all costs.  	2	2	1	1	Insurance:United Healthcare
63	-1	 Saw Dr. Tamm in the E.R. he told my family that I didn't have epilepsy which I do and it was confirmed by another physician. Dr. Tamm completely ignored my Heart condition which is what I was there for in the first place. Continued to ignore my Ct scan that showed I have a mass in my spleen. Dr. Tamm felt it was necessary to say I was faking everything so he could right me off quick. Steer clear of this Doctor at all costs.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:United Healthcare
63	-1	 Completely dismissed my symptoms, barely reviewed my MRI images and refused to read my MRI report, told me I was &quot;stressed&quot; and had nothing wrong with me. I had neurosurgery the following month filed a complaint against him. The worst experience I have ever had with a doctor. Steer clear.  		1	1	1	Insurance:United Healthcare
63	-1	commentsThis neurologist had the nerve to tell another neurologist in a phone consult he didn't think I had epilepsy. I had been his patient for almost 5 yrs. and he had never done his owns tests-an EEG, an MRI, standard diagnostic tests for epilepsy. He did however have my medical records from my previous neurologist (who moved away) who had not only done all these initial tests that infact showed a diagnosis of epilepsy, but other tests and labs as well. Obviously Dr. Tamm couldn't be bothered to look over my records, or order his own tests to confirm for himself the diagnosis. 		3	3	1	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	commentsDr. Tagle-Levy is the best!  Spends at least 1/2 hr appts with you. Cares, and gets to know you well.  Offers lots of ideas, including medications, as well as other things, like get sleep, certain organizational activities, light therapy, etc.  Nice office, staff, doctor.  I would definitely recommend her! 	5	5	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	commentsDr Tapia is very knowledgeable, non judgemental, and cares for his patients well being. He makes you feel comfortable and fully explains your medical concerns. He listenes to all your concerns and addresses them with compassion. He is a fantastic doctor and I would recommended him to everyone! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	 Dr. T is the BEST!!! I have seen him for many years and through all my 3 pregnancies! I have also seen other doc when I could not get in to him right away and learned how super wonderful he really is.  He truly is extremely kind, polite, caring, compassionate, respectful, and just the most amazing doc you can have! I highly recommend him! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	1	 Dr. T is the BEST!!!!! He delivered my twins and I could not have asked for a better experiance!!!! He also delivered my best friends twins and 5 other friends babies.  We all love him =) 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
66	1	 Dr T is the best! I saw one other OB before I saw him and i was soo happy my friend told me about him. he is so kind and caring. He is always in the patient room with me for as long as i need him to be. he is always ready to answer questions and not just sit there and see if the baby has a heart rate and leaves. he is always asking my husband if he even has any questions. Dr T. always trys to include him in everything that is with the baby. Dr. T also takes special precautions on anything. I will be delivering my baby here Feb 13th, and he is making it so easy and comforting for me to make sure i am not scared because this is my first baby. I will always go see Dr.  T for my future babies to! DR T IS THE BEST EVER!!!! the whole office is amazing! i am really glad i found him! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Banner Health
66	1	 He is so kind, caring, and passionate.  And I love how he listens to his patients and gives feed back.   I NEVER feel rushed when I see him 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
66	1	 Dr. Tamanaha is the BEST!  He is the most wonderful doctor I have ever had.  He delivered my last baby and I am definitely going back. My husband thought he was wonderful too.  He is easy to talk to, kind, polite, and caring.  The office is always on time.  Also, I need to mention that Tamanaha spent a lot of time with us during the delivery.  He didn't come in for the final moments and then walk out ten minutes later.  He was in the room for a couple hours.  My labors are long and difficult and he was there to help me through it.  One last thing, Amber, the nurse practicioner there is wonderful too.  I love to meet with her also and recommend her to young women who are just starting there yearly visits.  I have passed on her name to many, many people because she is so comfortable to make visits to.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
66	1	 Dr.Tamanaha was a wonderful doctor to me. He knows how to make you feel comfortable and at home.The staff was also very lovely and sweet. Every appointment was done in a timely manor.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
66	1	 Dr T is by far the best Dr I have ever dealt with. He is very professional and very caring. His patients needs always come first. He makes you feel completely comfortable. Anyone who is looking for a truly likeable Dr who is very knowledgeable, caring and professional, I would highly recommend Dr T.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
66	1	 Dr. T was always very warm and caring and has a GREAT sense of humor while also managing to be professional. I always felt very much at ease with him. I recently moved 90 minutes from his office and if his office took our new insurance I would make the drive from Tucson to continue to see him, that is how fabulous he is! I would also like to add that the two times I had to see the nurse practitioner that she was also great.  The entire office was always courteous and smiling- you can tell they actually enjoyed being there! 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
69	1	commentsGreat experience.  Very knowledgeable.  My wife and I both had our problems fixed with prolotherapy. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	commentsIf I have to give a rating, stay away from him and his office. he is a joke, one big gaint joke. 	4	4	4	4	Insurance:Unknown
70	-1	commentsHis office manager is a hostile ****! The most difficult person to deal with ever. What a nightmare! Paid/Co-pay:$12300	1	3	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	 Excellent physician. Recognized my 10 year old hemorrhoid problem instantly and treated it promptly. I never thought life could be so good again! Thank you Dr.  Tarazi 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
70	-1	 Dr Tarazi did a hemroid surgery a year ago and I have had problems every since. I have leakage from my rectum etc. He really messed me up.  	3	4	3	1	Insurance:United Healthcare
70	1	.  Superb doctor both technically and interpersonally 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$25
71	1	 He and his staff are amazing.  He frequently runs behind, but the time that he spends with us is invaluable.  I have 4 kids and he is truly compassionate and trustworthy.  His staff is always helpful and friendly.  I also like the fact that there are various students who learn from him.  The students are very helpful and friendly also.  The medial profession will definitely benefit from his expertise.  	5	1	4	5	Insurance:Banner Health
72	-1	 I had a semi-occlusion of an optic nerve in my left eye, which Dr. Tammaro either did not see, or did not tell me about for unknown reasons. The correct diagnosis was revealed to me by another eye doctor, who took a detailed picture of my retina. Also, Dr. Tammaro's office had tried to overcharge me when I needed glasses. When I objected to the overcharge, he terminated the eye care (for which I was grateful, because that was how the semi-occlusion of my left eye's optic nerve was discovered by the next eye doctor).  	1	3	1	2	Insurance:Medicare
72	1	 Dr. Tammaro is a wonderful person and a skilled surgeon.  When I had to have an emergency temporal artery biopsy, he was kind, patient to explain the procedure, answered all my questions, and just plain cared about me.  His staff was wonderful too.  He and Dr. Stagner of Kingman work together and they are both high quality caring doctors.  It is not easy to find a skilled doctor that also has a wonderful bedside manner that is reassuring and calming.  Dr. Tammaro has both of these qualities and I would highly recommend him for any type of surgery that he practices.  Thank you Dr.  Tammaro! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Veterans Administration
83	1	commentsSeemed very knowledgable and attentive. He asked lots of questions, recommended treatment and peformed acupuncture treatment. Treatment seemed to help immediately and I will most likely be coming back in the future. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
83	1	.  He's the best! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
84	1	 I have been seeing Dr. Tang for over 8 years and have always received great care and personal attention.  The staff is also very friendly and helpful.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$1000
84	1	 My family and I have been going to Dr. Tang for couple years now, and the experience has always been excellent.  His clinic and equipment seems very clean and modern.  The staff is very helpful and friendly.  Dr. Tang is very experienced and well knowledged in his profession.  He answered all my questions before he began working on my teeth.  My wife and especially my kids don't dread about going to the dentist anymore.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Delta Dental
84	1	 Dr. Tang is very knowledgable and is very through with his exams.  He is so nice and personable and he answered all of my questions without rushing out.  I went in with my two daughters (ages 4 &amp; 8) and he was extremely gentle with his work and was able to keep my girls calm throughout their procedures of routine cleaning and filling cavities.  I highly recommend Dr. Tang for his professionalism.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
84	1	commentsI broke a front tooth on a Sunday morning and needed to be out of town the next day.  I called Dr. Tang and he took time out of his busy weekend and  fixed my front tooth that Sunday afternoon.  I was really impressed with how much he and his staff care about his patients and I know not many dentists would have done what he did. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
84	-1	commentsTed H. Tang is a unknowledgeable, incompetent dentist that should be avoided.  Learned the hard way. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	commentshe is very caring and never rushs you giving you plenty of time for questions and concerns 	3	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	 Dr. Tan is not afraid to say &quot;I don't know&quot;, but he will research and follow through.  He does not make you feel rushed.  He took symptoms that were minimized and not pursued by other Doctors seriously and ordered tests that resulted in a diagonosis and treatment.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Secure Horizons
85	1	 He listens, my last Dr. didn't.  Dr. Tan is very nice and easy to talk with.  He takes good notes and follows up.  Glad to have him.  :) 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Banner Health
85	1	 Dr. Tan always seemed to be up to date on medical research, he listened well to my concerns, he genuinely seemed to care about my well being. One of the very best doctors I've had.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Pacificare
85	-1	commentsThis office accepted my wife as new patient and when three weeks later we needed an appointment, they refused to see her as they said they were NO LONGER accepting patients...I told them she was already accepted by their office but they still refused to see her...her medical issues were not their concern it seemed 		1	1	3	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	 He will explains things to you.  He does answer your questions.  He spends time with you and your child.  With ANY Dr. I believe you need to research things on your own too but he explains things very well and has a very updated website that will explain things too.  	3	5	4	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
88	-1	commentsDo not use this doctor if you think your child has acid reflux/GERD.  He for some reason does not believe that babies can get it.  Well, I took my child to another doctor and sure enough, he had it.  Bad.  I'm so mad at myself for not going with my gut and switching drs sooner.  Great doctor if you're just going for your standard well visit.  He's prompt and there are usually no more than 2 other patients in the office, if that.  Guess that should have been a red flag! 	3	5	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	 I have just recently changed Dr's to Dr. Tanase. He is very kid friendly with my toddler and makes her feel comfortable, which I like, since she is normally scared of new people. Dr. Tanase seems to over explain himself too much, and I dont seem to be able to get my concerns across to him. Over all he is a very good childrens Doctor.  	4	5	3	5	Insurance:Aetna
88	1	 Dr. Tanase is a great doctor. He is respectful, helpful and understanding. My child has special needs and he is wonderful at handling everything my child may need. I have total trust with Dr. Tanase. I know he is looking out for my child. Dr. Tanase is what a pediatrician should be. He has seen my child for 7 years now and he has never rushed us and made it seem that his time is more valuable than yours. This means a lot.  The staff is great! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
88	1	 I would recommend Dr.  Tanase highly he is the best he explains everything and the staff is awesome !!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
89	1	commentsAMAZING chiropractor! I went to him for lower back pain and not only did he help with that, but he helped release pressure in my hips that had built up from having foot surgery. He also showed me some do-it-myself tricks that would help keep my pain from coming back. I loved the fact that I did not hear my bones popping and grinding like I have at other practices. I went multiple times and not only is he a great chiropractor, but very friendly and always happy to see you. Definitely recommended to all of my friends/family. 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	commentsDr. Tanner does great adjustments using various methods and incorporates some pressure point soft tissue work with a great neck stretch! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	commentsMy BA and Lift procedure was done in Sept 2012. Three months later, and I look like FRANKENBOOBIES still!!! during the consultation i was informed that i HAD to have a lift or he would not do the BA, which seems to be a pattern in alot of the posts that I read. His office manager has an even worse bed side manner and should really not be allowed to interact with potential patients. Two days after the surgery, the skin around the vertical incision under my nipples peeled back, like a blister&#63;  three months later and they have still not healed! and nothing has been done to make them heal any faster, I have GAPPING open sores under my nipples.  one of nipples has a different size around it now and one of my breasts is BIGGER than the other.  When I ask about, the reply was, &quot;DON'T TALK TO ME ABOUT SIZE FOR A YEAR&quot;  and the worst thing... I am the same size now, as i was before! according to the fitting I just had with a &quot;certified bra fitter&quot;!  most disappointing 6000.00 i have ever spent! 	3	2	2	5	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	commentsI had a breast lift and gel implants with Dr. Taki. 2 weeks after surgery the tape was taken off to reveal that one of my incisions was gaping open.  He seemed shocked and concerned, but didn't say much. (He didn't admit or deny fault.)I have waited 7 weeks and my incision hasn't healed yet.  My other one is all healed. Also, my nipple that he punched out look awful. I really need this fixed and in the first few visits I felt he would fix it. During my last visit he said it's healing and that it is not something most would worry about. I want my nipples to be similar. Very depressing. He said to wait a year:(  Also, the size of my boobs are very different. He used two different sized implants and the one with less cc's is much smaller. Per him, I have to wait 6 months to address this. The staff is pretty nice to me, knows me by name, probably because I've been in so frequently. He was very reassuring and confident during my consult &quot;I am the best&quot; he said, but now I am worried. 	4	4	3	4	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	commentsAfter reading up a LOT on BA and having a consult with Dr. Taki, I chose him as my surgeon. I absolutely LOVE my new breasts and I am only a week post surgery. I read a few things about how him or his staff aren't very nice but Dr. Taki and his staff have been extremely nice on every occasion I have seen them. He has proven to be very confident and knowledgeable in answering all of my questions and concerns and I would and HAVE recommended him to anyone interested in having a breast augmentation. Paid/Co-pay:$3500	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	commentsLove Dr Taki &amp; Staff....had breast lift with saline implants &amp; tummy tuck last year...Having a revision in March going from saline to silicone...have had some minor problems not Dr fault just my own body....Dr Taki always makes time and very caring.....Thank You Dr Taki &amp; Staff 	5	4	5	4	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	commentsI received a rhinoplasty from Dr. Taki and he did an amazing job, I told him I wanted my nose to look just like my nose, only better, I didn't want my nose to look so different that it was shockingly noticeable, and this is exactly what was delivered. I was (am!) so thrilled with the results that I decided to have a breast augmentation. I explained that I wanted to have medium sized breasts, I was not interested in large breasts and gave me his advice for my measurements, and despite the fact that I went back and forth and was up in the air he was very supportive of my final decision. The whole office staff is incredibly nice and very accommodating. I love my nose and my breasts and I wouldn't go to anyone else! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
92	-1	commentsI have gone to many consults and Dr. taki is by far one of the rudest, pompous ps's out there. his office staff are very unfriendly and very rude, they make you feel very unwelcome and uncomfortable. would never recommend this dr to anyone. 	1	1	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
92	-1	commentsMy expierience w/Dr Taki was very unpleasant.When I initially had my breast augmentation I developed an abcess and was in the hospital for 1 week and was diagnosed by a Dr at Umc. Dr Taki was notified and refused to believe that was the problem and did nothing but tell me to follow up after i was released. I followed up w/him he did no test, looked at me for 5 min and told me i was fine, 3 days later i ended up in his office with my breast leaking with a severe infection in which he had to remove my implant right then and there with just local anestetic. This was the most painful thing I have ever experienced. Ater 3 months of being with one breast, he did redo it and it's still not right. It's very disfigured and very noticable and he sees nothing wrong with it. I was told to come back in a few months and he will touch it up. At this point, I would not recommend him for any type of surgical procedure. Paid/Co-pay:$3500	1	3	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	commentsFrom start to finish my experience with Dr. Taki and his office staff was amazing!!  To start, the office is beautiful and clean.  The front office staff is extremely friendly.  I had a consult and by the time I came back again it was like they all knew me.  Dr. Taki did an amazing job on me.  I was expecting much more pain and discomfort after breast augmentation and liposuction but I was pleasantly surprised at how little pain I felt.  Everything was done right in the office.  The OR and recovery rooms are super clean and new.  I cannot say enough about the courtesy and friendliness of the staff!!!!!  I came all the way down from Phoenix because of the great value I got for my money and the quality work I saw on Dr. Taki's web page.  I arrived early several times since I was coming from Phoenix and I was taken in right away both times and never left waiting.  Highly Recommend!!!!!! Paid/Co-pay:$6500	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
92	-1	commentsHe deformed my body after I went through 40 days of radiation (I was diagnosed with one of the most &quot;agressive&quot; forms of cancer). DO NOT GO THROUGH WITH THE SURGERY 	2	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	commentsIt's been a week since I had breast implants and I've just come back from the gym after a moderate workout on a stationary bike and I feel like I won the lottery. I was so anxious about this procedure and had resigned myself to a week of painkillers and being pretty miserable. I want to let anyone know who's considering this procedure that I felt good the day of the surgery and debated over salad with a friend if I needed to take any pain medication before bed. I did end up taking about a quarter dose of pain meds for the first 2 days and then tapered off on day 3. I was comfortable following this protocol and can hardly believe that this invasive (to me!) procedure has been so easy. Dr. Taki and his surgical team must be incredibly gentle and I am so grateful. The little bruising I had was gone within a few days and every day my breasts feel softer and look prettier. If you are thinking about doing this go see Dr. Taki for a consultation. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
92	-1	commentsI recently had a consultation with Dr Taki. Let me start by saying I literally left his office, went to my car and bawled my eyes for out for 15 minutes. Taki is honestly one of the rudest most unprofessional people I have ever met. He informed me that I would need a lift in conjunction with an augmentation. I was discouraged by this knowledge as I expressed to him that it was very important to me that I have no clearly visible scars. I asked about the circumaereola lift, which minimizes scar appearance and he went on to explain that I had exhausted that option by creating excess sagging by &quot;OVER BREASTFEEDING&quot; my one year old. He informed me that 6 months is &quot;more than enough time to breastfeed&quot; and I had created this problem myself by &quot;unnecessarily prolonging the nursing process&quot;.I was also grabbed, yanked and prodded throughout the consultation and told my desired surgical outcome was &quot;ideal for a 40 yr old but you are only 20&quot; Would not recommend this idiot to my worst enemy. 	4	4	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	commentsTo those of you that had anything negative to say, you must have been to a different dr. Dr. Taki, Judi, all the office staff &amp; medical staff were nothing but outstanding. Kind, gentle, concerned, informed...I can't say enough about the attention and care I received. I had a complete facelift, brow lift, upper and lower lids--the works. I would highly recommend Dr. Taki and staff to anyone without hesitation. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	commentsIt has been 5 years since my breast lift, tummy tuck and minor lipo. All I can say, is my husband says daily what a great set of breasts I have. Dr T was awesome. He was the one who suggested the breast lift, and he was so right. Listen to the Dr. He is an awesome guy. I would refer him to all! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	commentsI LOVE this man!  Dr Taki is the epitome of professional and his incredible staff make it so easy to allow you time and freedom to make up your mind. I changed my mind maybe 36 times and am currently 2 weeks post-op and LOVE my results. He's personable, yet not overbearing and as far as his opinion he gives his thoughts but ultimately it is your final decision. His first (free) consult is wonderful as his estimate is valid for one year to allow you ample time to think it over. I have nothing negative to say about this man or his lovely, patient staff and will be referring him to all of my friends. Paid/Co-pay:$4250	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
92	0	commentsI recently had a breast augmentation done by Dr. Taki and my experience with him was terrible. I felt rushed during my appiontments and even left once after waiting for 40mins. I had even called in the next day to inform him of the changes I wanted and was told that we would just discuss the matter before the surgery. I am very unsatified with the results of my surgery not only because there were complications that I got billed for, that the results were not what I wanted, but mostly because I felt brushed off all time. I feel that if there was more patient to doctor communication I would have recieved the results I desired and the care that should be expected as a patient. Paid/Co-pay:$3250	4	3	1	5	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	commentsDr Taki is a very good surgeon!! He has plenty of experience and great history (backed online) to back up my high reccomendation. The staff lacks courteous repsonsiveness. They aren't very friendly. For me it's worth it as expertise, ability and comfort with GREAT results is what I was concerned about versus having people smile at me but man it would be nice if they were nice! Taki was excellent on my consult. I'm out of town so he's very responsive on my emails. He's NOT a 'baby you' kind of doc and that's just what I needed. He knows his stuff. Being only a month out I can say I'm SUPER impressed w/ my recovery time and my new (and ever changing) results! I would strongly reccomend him! A professional, great at his expertise, confident in himself, great anesthesiologist, SUPER good! Just be direct with his staff. :) Don't let them bully you around! The augmentation and results and doc yo you can trust are worth it! 	3	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	commentsI was very happy with my surgery.  I went from a C cup to a DD.  The only problem I had was with Judy in his office.  She was very rude and short with me.   Other then that everyone else was very helpful and nice!  I was especially happy with the quick recovery Paid/Co-pay:$3250	3	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
92	0	commentsGood Dr. But his staff is VERY unfriendly. You walk in the door and dont get acknowledged. If you're paying that kind of money, how about a &quot;hello, how are you today/&quot; not much to ask.  I wonder if he knows how rude they treated me, and someone I referred to his office&#63; 	1	4	3	3	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	commentsGood surgeon short on bedside manner. Front office staff could actually smile and greet you when you walk in, maybe make you feel like your actually appreciated. They don't seem to care! 	2	5	3	5	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	commentsDr. Taki removed my implants and did a breast lift on me in September. I chose him after going to two other doctors.  My experience with his office was exceptional and my results are fantastic!  I would highly recommend him for anyone considering this procedure! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	commentsDr. Taki performed a breast reduction on me about a month ago.  Him and his staff made me feel comfortable and very confident in my decision to have this life changing surgery.  I used to have constant back pain, and had to buy specialty bras to hoist my heavy breasts.  I was always short on breath and uncomfortable with grooves on my shoulders.  Now all of those problems are gone and I have the cutest boobs ever.  Dr. Taki made the surgery easy, with little pain.  He is not only an excellent surgeon, but an artist, and I will never forget what he has done for me.  I 100 percent recommend him, and this procedure.  I will never use anyone else if I ever need another surgery, and would encourage anyone with similar problems to go to Dr. Taki.  You will not regret it. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	commentsDr. Taki and his staff are Fantastic!  I had a augment and a lift a while back and am pleased with the result I especially like the personal care recieved by Dr.taki...no &quot;on call Doc&quot;..he is there for you!  Go see him you will love him. He is spo not full of himself as I found when dealing with other plastic surgeons...Refrershing 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
97	1	 The staff is very helpful and friendly.  Dr. T takes his time and is really helpful in finding out what is going on with your problem.  Very good at communicating and knowlegable is running test to find a cure or what is ailing you.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
97	1	commentshas  or takes time with you.  Will explain and answer your questions. 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
98	-1	 Does not return phone calls.  Office staff cannot fill out insurance paperwork properly.  Intimidates patient with office personnel.  Charges excessive copays.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
98	1	 DR. Tallis is a very knowledgeable dr.and has provided me with an overall good experience so far with my operation and followup therapy. His staff though does not reply back or consult the dr. on the patients needs. All in all I would highly recommend Dr. Tallis.  	3	5	5	5	Insurance:Workers Comp
98	1	 What is with  the negativity on the reviews&#63;We recently saw Dr. Tallis and he seems to be very qualified and has an excellent bedside manner. He is educated and knowledgable about a multifractured heal. He went to Russia to train in the procedure and teaches it hear in the US. We have not had the surgery yet but the guy is a very kind and intelligent man. We have seen him 3 times so far . He was careful to unrap the bandage and check for any pressure sores that could happen under a bandage. So far I think he is very compitent 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Workers Comp
98	-1	 Dr. Tallis gave me an operation on my left foot and left my toes all pointing off to the left side not straight ahead.  I found out during a recent surgery by another more reputable  doctor that Dr. Tallis had left a raw bone in my toe that was causing a lesion to form on the outside of my toe.  Now my toe is taking longer to heal because of this error.  	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
98	1	 I have all the trust and faith in this doctor.  Honest and careing.  Willing to take on extra work and diagnosed my problem after several doctors in the area misdiagnosed.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
98	-1	commentsStaff is not very knowledgeable about billing procedures.  Treatment rooms are dirty. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
98	-1	commentsDr is not knowledgeable and office staff likewise.  Will keep you coming back so he can keep the copays going.  Beware. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
98	1	 Very easy to talk to. Very knowledgeable and caring. Spent a lot of time explaining my problem. Never talked down to me. Saved my foot. Was scheduled for an amputation prior to seeing him.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
98	1	 Doctor diagnosed my problem immediately after being treated by another so called expert in the field.  He ordered on the first visit a MRI and treatment was initiated within days.  What took several weeks of treatment by the other so called expert too this doctor 5 minutes to diagnose.  I was back to work within two weeks.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Workers Comp
98	-1	comments 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
98	-1	commentsThis doc is not knowledgeable in his profession.  Delays treatment which keeps the patient paying.  Office staff is very unhelpfyl.  Claims are not filed timely or truthful.  Puts a bandage on foot and bills for a cast.  Copays are entered with erroneous information, i.e., 30 dollar copay is marked down as 20 dollars and bills  the patient for the remainder. Keeps doing minor surgery on foot creating scar tissue so another surgery has to be done.  Can't remember when he schedules patient for surgery so they have to reschedule again with another copay.  Only available one day a week for an appointment. 	1	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
