dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	-1	I have been treated very poorly by Dr's office manager, front office personnel.  I spoke with three people about an RX, and finally gave up!  The office personnel need LOTS OF CUSTOMER SERVICE TRAINING.  Very sad, as it reflects on all the Dr's in the practice.  Too long waiting to see my doctor, then rushed in and out so fast you forgot why you came for the visit!  I'm moving on.  	3	2	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	-1	. i am not happy with this Doctor! It takes forever for test results! It seems like the staff do not care for people! Ya have to wait to see him for a visit and then he rushes you out with no clue of the results! 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	1	I'm always seen quickly and have no problem making appointments when I want them.  Dr. always asks how I am and if I need anything.  Visits are not usually long, but do cover the issue at hand.  He has made referrals promptly when needed (ie, for carpal tunnel)and considers treatments that I mention.  Sometimes he agrees with me and sometimes not, but he explains why.  I am very happy with this physician and with his MA Michelle, who is also very pleasant and helpful.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
1	-1	Apathetic staff, poor follow up.   Dr. Ong-Veloso is slow to treat, un-responsive to written requests, the time between getting test results and seeing the doctor is un-acceptable; I have waited up to 8 weeks to be treated for an ailment. Referrals take months to get processed, files lay on the medical assistant’s desk for weeks before they are processed. There is no follow up on important issues. Requests for treatment and denied by insurance companies due to poor documentation preparation by support staff. There is always a 10-20 minute wait to reach the doctors office by phone.  Overall this practice is overbooked and understaffed; the apathy is only surpassed by the lack of attention given to the patient. 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
1	-1	I was always kept waiting both in the lobby and once in the exam room.  He would come in for about 5 minutes and never seemed to know why I was there although his office scheduled the appt.  Ordered labs and they were wrong so he said &quot;oh wait another 3 months and we'll do them again&quot; and then charged my insurance company for a 3 minute visit.  I won't go back.  	2	1	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	-1	Dr. Ong-Veloso failed to report back to me on a crucial lab test, for which I needed the information within 24 hours to determine if the dose of blood thinner I was taking was adequate. It's three weeks later. Still nothing from his office. 		5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	Caring & Considerate, especially Michelle. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	He cares about his patients.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	1	Dr. O never makes me wait too long and always makes me feel comftorable. He always has a good detailed answer for my questions which i love because my ob before always ignored my questions and just acted like i was paranoid. He is always gentle and very considerate. overall great doctor.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	1	I had an opposite experiance with Dr O than the other reviews on here. I am pregnant with my first child and came in to an appointment with a list of questions. He took one look at my list and told me that I was a control freak and I needed to let things go. That did nothing for my confidence in him and in myself. I wanted to change Dr.s for the rest of my pregnancy but didn't want to go through the switch. My only hope is that he is unavailable for my delivery.  		4	2	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
2	1	Very kind, gentle and caring. Listen's to your questions and answers them so that you can understand. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	Very knowledgeable and kind. He makes you feel comfortable and not afraid to ask questions. Overall he is a very nice and caring person.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	1	He is a great doctor and everyone in town (not just pts) loves him because he is gentle, intelligent, and a good guy. In my case, he identified a disease that is very rare, and many people suffer for decades before getting a good diagnosis. His handling from the first was first-rate and I am amazed (and pleased and grateful) at his competence, knowledge, and practicality. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	I saw Dr. Ogesen for about 7 years.  He makes it quite clear that he is a Psychiatrist who is for med management only.  If you are looking for talk therapy, try a PsychOLOGIST.  I hear people complaining about his lack of talk therapy.  He actually would spend 1/2 hour doing more talking with me than he had to.  I don't know what II would have done without him.  I had my own therapist for talk therapy.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	I saw Dr Ogesen because I wanted to be evaluated for medication that could help with my irritability on the job.  He listened and discussed a couple of medications with me(benifits/possible side effects) and allowed me to partner in the decision. I did not go to him for talk therapy as I'm aware he is the pro for medications.  I found him to be professional, caring and kind.  	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
3	-1	I had a very bad experience with Dr. Ogesen, who treated me for insomnia.  His office was difficult to reach; often no one picked up the phone when I called the office.  But the worst thing was the way his office would unilaterally cancel and make me reschedule appointments at short notice.  Eventually, he fired me as a patient after I made a complaint about his scheduling practices to my insurer.  But before firing me, he spent about 15 or 20 minutes angrily berating me in his office for making a complaint to my insurer.  It was the most unprofessional behavior by a doctor that I have ever seen! It was pretty scary too.  Some doctors can handle authority, and some just can't.  	1	2	1	3 	Insurance:Humana
3	-1	I felt like there was next to no treatment from this doctor. I was prescribed medication and that's pretty much it. I came in monthly, he wrote a script and I was on my way. I received no help other than that, which is, as mentioned by the other comment, bare minimum. 	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
3	-1	I felt that Dr. Ogesen offered me the bare minimum treatment, leaving me with the feeling that I was a number, and not a person. I do not recommend him for other patients, because I believe his treatment methods simply &quot;bandage&quot; patient's issues with medication, though nothing further. I was left feeling that Dr. Ogesen simply relied on the medications to do their jobs; therefore, I was left wondering the true validity to his professional knowledge, expertise, and integrity. 		3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
4	0	This practice is not upfront with their fees.  I ended up paying more after the services than they said I would.  	4	5	3	3 	Insurance:Delta Dental
4	1	Outstanding quality of work, good prices, extremely patient, follows up at the end of the day. Very patient with nervous patients. As long as we live here, I wouldn't go anywhere else and would and have referred him to others.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
4	1	Myself and 4 of my children, ages 10,8,7,5 all see Dr. Oswald and he is very nice and great with the kids. I have had a few cavities filled and he did a great job. His staff is friendly and the office is clean.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
4	1	Kudos to Dr. Oswald and his staff.A girlfriend of mine referred me to his new office because she had a great experience. She had a crown done by Dr. Oswald and had a very positive overall experience. I called the office in pain from a wisdom tooth. They were able to get me in the same day.It had been hurting for several days. Dr. Oswald examined the tooth and showed me the reason it was hurting with a big xray that appeared instantly. He explained all my options and was very helpful in answering all my questions.He took the tooth out that same day and I did not feel a thing.His staff was very helpful and very polite.They had done all the leg worked before I arrived.Dr. Oswald called me that same day to make sure I was ok and this was the first time a dentist has ever called to make sure I was ok. My girlfriend said that she received a call after her work was done and this is why she recommended him.I have got back for several visits and I would recommend him to anyone.  	 10/30/06		5	5	Insurance:Delta Dental
4	0	I went to him to get a crown done. He was very rough and I did not have a good experience with him at all. I went to a new dentist who noticed that the crown had chipped at the base. He said it needed to be replaced. My insurance wouldn't cover the same crown again for 5 years so the new dentist suggested I go back to Oswald and have him redo it for free. He did, which was nice but when he re-seated the crown, I could tell it was not on right and felt funny. I learned to deal with it over the next six months but could not eat on that side of my mouth and was very sensitive to hot/cold. At my regular cleaning with my new dentist yesterday I told him about my problems with the crown so he took a look and said there was a huge gap between where it is and where it should be. He said it needs to be redone - AGAIN. I will not return to Dr. Oswald to give him a THIRD try at fixing my tooth. I will have to pay out of pocket for this now. He is horrible and unskilled.  Please beware! 		3	3	2 	Insurance:Delta Dental
5	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	After i went to a lot of Gastroenterolgy docotrs, this lady doctor was the only one who was able to diagnose me correctly. She seemed to me like a really expert in her field. She is the best.  Thank you, thank you, thank you! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
6	-1	Extremely rude.  I was shocked at how I was treated.  A few years have passed and I still can't believe how this doctor treated me while I was in the hospital.  I have numerous medical issues and have seen many different types of medical professionals; I would never ever recommend this doctor. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	The wait in exam room is extremely long!!! I was leaving when she came in after 40 minutes.  	5	1	4	4 	Insurance:Medicare
7	1	She was the best when I had a bad back problem crisis.  I was seen that day and the prescriptions that she prescribed were what I needed to resolve my problem.  She was concerned, knowledgeable and very helpful during this crisis. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	0	I have never been seen ontime for an appt. Very frustrating since I am sure they would be upset if I was late. I think the service is adequate but I am used to a much more thorough doctor. She pushes pills way too much.  	4	2	3	3 	Insurance:Banner Health
8	-1	THREE HOURS AFTER HE CUT ME OPEN I GOT MRSA .IT TURNS OUT THIS GUY HAD MANY PATIENCE WITH THE SAME PROBLEM WHEN THE SURGERY WAS OVER HE NEVER ENEN FINISHED THE JOB STATING THAT BECAUSE OF MY SIZE 270LBS HE COULD NOT FINISH THE JOB, EVEN THOUGH THIS WAS NEVER BROUGHT UP BEFORE HAND. AND DURING MY THREE DAY STAY NO ONE TOLD ME THAT I HAD MSRA NOR DID THEY GIVE ME MEDS FOR THIS, SO THE MRSA,COOKED INSIDE MY BOBDY FOR FOUR MORE DAYS UNTIL I WENT BACK TO HOSPITAL TO HAVE SOME 800CC OF MRSA REMOVED. THE ER DOC TOLD OPIE THAT HE WAS GOING TO HAVE ME STAY AT THE HOSPITAL BUT OPIE WAS REFUSSING THAT. THE ER DOC TOLD OPIE I WOULD DIE WITH OUT HELP BUT OPIE DID NOT CARE THE ER DOC TOLD OPIE TO F OFF, THANK YOU SCOOTSDALE HEALTH CARE OSBORN AND CRAP HEAD OPIE. THANKS FOR THE 26 MONTHS OF HELL AND DISTROYING MY BODY GOT MY LAST RIGHTS THREE TIMES.  THANK YOU TO GOODSAM HOSPITAL WOUND CENTER FOR SAYING MY LIFE AND DR MARK GOTLIEBE NOT SURE ON LAST NAME SPELLING SORRY [HE WAS A GOD SENT] 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
8	-1	After stripping the veins in both legs, sent my husband home the same day. My husband ended up back in the emergency room that night and subsquently ended back up in the hospital to have the surgery redone, this time requiring a weeks stay. Bedside manner left a lot to be disired.  		1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
9	0	Recommended unnecessary surgery resulting in more serious eye diaseases. 	1	2	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
10	0	Currently taking my mom here for treatment of stage 4 liver cancer.  So far, not terribly impressed.  The doctor is friendly enough and seems to know her stuff but always seems like she's in a huge rush.  Most of the office staff are very unhelpful and the office cohesion itself seems pretty toxic like no one wants to be there.  We are never seen on time and have had multiple srew ups with our appt times from the office staff not communicating well with each other.  Obviously my family is going through a very stressful time right now and the problems we are having with this doctor and her staff are only making things worse.  Looking for a better run facility.... staffed with people who at least act like they care and are willing to help 	2	2	2	4 	Insurance:Medicare
10	1	Dr Ondreyco is a wonderful Dr who cares about her patients. True she can seem a little rushed now and then, but what Dr isn't. She cares about her  patients, will do anything to help them and is always looking for the newest, best treatments for her patients. She is amazing and has kept me healthy and alive for the past 5 years and I've been stage 4 cancer all that time! She is open to me changing things, not wanting certain treatments or medications due to side effects. She changes doses to accomidate my health and is always available.  She is amazing! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
10	-1	Toxic office all the way around.  Bad attitudes by everyone.  Dr. doesn't listen to questions, assumes you are asking a dumb question, not open to more than one approach to treatment.  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
10	1	Dr Ondreyco saved my life   Showed a sense of urgency and made everything   happen right away.. Thank you;). I am proud to   Say I am now a Cancer Survivor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
10	1	I have seen Dr. Ondreyco twice and although I think she is a good doctor I think she needs to slow down a bit and take some time with her patients. She doesn't allow enough time to ask questions and always seems rushed.  	3	4	3	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	1	Dr. Ondreyco is absolutely the best!  She is extremely knowledgeable, does not let the grass grow and encourages you every step of the way.  She connected me with another company that helped me with my tests when CIGNA declined authorization for those.  I love her sense of humor, she is her patient's best advocate.   She and her staff are truly wonderful! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
10	1	. This doctor is amazing she is wonderful,nice,and caring i would recomend her to anybody with cancer! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	1	Dr. Ondreyco and her assistant Yvette are both wonderful.  Completely put me at ease and helped me get through a very stressful time as I was going through breast cancer. Gave me various options and the odds with each one.  Always cheerful and outgoing.  If she wasn't just like me, it might put me off, but I loved it.  Now the nurses in the chemo area, they are DA-Best.  Even though I can now get free health care at the VA clinic, I will continue to come to see Dr. Ondreyco and pay a co-pay.  When I retired from the Air Force, my insurance went from zero co-pay to 20\% co-pay. Dr. Ondreyco is well worth it.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
10	1	Dr. Ondreyco treated by wife over 20 years ago for breast cancer.  She is a incredible dr.  so caring, brilliant.  None better.  Can say enough good 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	Dr Ondreyco was very knowledgeable. She was always trying yo help me save money and time by getting lab work in her office. All PA's seem nice but she has 1 man that works for her is a bumbling moron. Medical assistant don't have a clue what they are doing. Some ones were okay but some need to be fired. Sometimes you have a long wait. Could be 90 mins. I have diff insurance and they don't take my insurance.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Secure Horizons
10	1	I like Dr. Ondreyco, she is has a good sense of humor, a positive attitude, even if your percentage rate for survival is poor. She believes in you. She is straight to the point and I love that. She is well educated and stays up on things. She is open to whatever questions you have for her or her staff. Her staff is incrediable.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
10	1	Dr. Ondreyco is an absolute pro.  She has a funny sense of humor and leaves no rock unturned in dealing with life threatening disease.  I am alive today because of her and her colleagues.  She was agressive in treatment which I prefer over coddling.  The office staff is thorough and make things happen to support your well being.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
10	0	Dr Ondreyco could use some lessons in bedside manner as she can be a bit abrasive. If you can look past that, she seems to be knowledgeable in her field. She diagnosed and recommended proper treatment for my rare blood disorder. However, my most recent visit with her regarding a more common blood ailment left me feeling brushed off as she didn't really listen to what I told her so I didn't get any help from her on that one and had to look elsewhere. 	4	4	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
10	-1	downright condescending.Was featured in Phoenix magazine but must have paid to be there.Would not brecommend 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
10	-1	This docotor was not helpful in any way. She wanted to send me for &quot;special testing&quot; which she couldn't even describe to me. For being rated a top doc on the list I was ETREMELY disappointed.  I would not recommend her to treat my dog! absolutly horrible! 		2	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
10	1	Dr. Ondreyco has been supportive and caring while saving my life from stage IV breast cancer.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
10	1	Very experienced and skilled. Prepared. She is strongly dedicated to a team approach. Extremely caring that is very well done. (Some humor, lots of information- gathering, lots of information-giving.) Plus a nice surprise was the quality of her staff. They are pros also. 		4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
11	-1	The worst hospitalist Dr. In YRMC. Very Umpolite and unprofessional. He does not accept patiente decisions if it's not what he wants.  EVEN sick people have rights over his health, but I guess he does not know! 	5	1	1	2 	Insurance:Aetna
11	1	I SEEN THIS DOCTOR IN THE HOSPITAL HE WAS WONDERFUL!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	Very skilled surgeon.  His 40+ years of experience speaks to his expertise in medicine.  After having seen other doctors, I settled with Dr. Osorio for treatment.  He saved me from ovarian cancer (something other doctors were clueless to).  Please do not settle for some other OB doctors opinion of your condition before you see Dr. Osorio!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	Dr. Osario is very knowledgeble, kind, and truly cares about his patients. I became ill, emergency room, inpatient stay, nor doctor visits were able to diagnose what was going on with me. I was recommended to Dr. Osario by my doctor. He's very compassionate, and told me on the first visit what he felt was going on. He ordered some test which confirmed what he believed. The man is totally awesome. His character is a love for mankind. May he continue to be blessed, and a blessing to others.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	1	Very experienced, knowledgable, and clearly explains options and procedures to be performed.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	-1	The staff are horrible to deal with.  Thought I paid my full co-pay and then billing hit me with a fee months after a simple well woman exam.  Shady, shady, shady.  Never had this happen before.  Will never be back.  	1	2	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	1	I love Dr Oland! Ive had 8 kids and first 5 I had another Dr and for the 6th I had to change and found Oland who I soon Became to like 10x more then my other Dr and he was my Dr for last 4 of my kids and I wish I would found him sooner and my husband thinks he great!!! He has gone out of his way and everyone on the staff at hospital thinks hes great! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	My husband was the one that found Dr. Oland and we are very pleased how nice and how much knowledge he has. He makes you feel so comfortable like you have known him for yrs. He truly cares about you and your concerns. He even listens to what you have to say. I would highly recommend him he will be delivering my son in January.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
13	1	I love Dr. Oland! He is the best OB I have had (out of 4) and I can't imagine there being a better one out there. He is so patient and knowledgeable and has a great sense of humor. He takes the time to get to know you and develop a relationship with you and is never in a hurry to get done with your appointment.  You can tell he cares about his patients! I will recommend him to anyone and everyone! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
13	1	After a bad experience with another doctor who refused to sterilize me, I went to Dr. Oland.  He insisted on giving me lots of information on sterilization and made me wait a week to think about it some more, but he still respected my wishes and gave me the sterilization I wanted.  He also made me aware of another sterilization method called Adiana that will leave me as a candidate for IVF if I change my mind (Essure leaves springs sticking out a bit into the uterus).  He is a good doctor, very respectful of my wishes, very knowledgeable. The Adiana procedure went smoothly and he even took out the Implanon that my former doctor had put in too deep.  Despite the difficult removal it is healing up very nicely.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	1	My experience with Dr. Oland has been phenomenal. He is caring and compassionate, and appears to truly love what he does. I wanted a natural labor and delivery and was torn between using a doctor or a midwife. I decided to look for a doctor so I could deliver in the safety of a hospital, and I was very fortunate to stumble upon Dr. Oland. I expected to have to sort through several doctors to find one who would meet my needs, but Dr. Oland was the perfect fit. He took the time to get to know me to make sure he communicated information effectively, he listened to me, and he did his best to make sure everything went as close to what I wished as was feasible and safe. He was very open-minded - he actually told me that if I wanted to deliver on the floor he would gladly roll up his sleeves and get down on the floor for the delivery. At one appointment he even took me into his office and pulled out a medical book to explain fetal heart rate monitoring. I highly recommend him to anyone.  	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	1	. I recommend him to all my family and friends!  I couldn't as for a better doctor! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	1	An amazing doctor with a great sense of humor! Myself as well as my 2 sisters and cousin all had him as our doctor and we are all extremely pleased. He takes time to listen to you, includes your spouse in everything and calms any fears you may have.  I had a VERY hard and lengthy labor that resulted in a c-section and he was very comforting through it all, just like a parent.  Even all the nurses at Banner Estrella love him! By the way, if you end up needing a c-section...  he does an AWESOME job! He had to cut through a tattoo and you can't even tell!!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
13	1	Very kind, knowledgable, compassionate, patient, agreeable, humble. A very decent human being, in addition to being an outstanding physician.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
13	1	A complete angel! He is incredibly nice, caring, knowledgeable, and kind. He took his time with us and explained everything that could happen and what steps we would be taking. There is no question in my mind that he is the best doctor for me and for anyone with a high-risk pregnancy. I am breathing easy now that he is my doctor. He is quite simply, incredible. Even better, his staff loves him too. I think that sat a lot about someone. I will go the the ends of the Earth to see this doctor. I cannot recommend him highly enough. He is a rare find and I am thrilled to be his patient.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
13	1	LOVE him. He is patient, kind, and knowledgeable. He doesn't rush you through appts and answers all questions.  He delivered my first baby and would have him deliver all the rest 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
13	1	He's a super sweet and caring man. I would recommend him to anyone him to anyone that needs a PAP or an OB.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
13	1	I loved his bedside manner and his caring ways.  I'd suggest him to anyone! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Pacificare
14	-1	I came to Dr. Orton bc I am urinating blood &amp; have kidney stones. When I went he said that the stones are not a place that would cause pain &amp; so he will not give me pain meds. They were supposed to schedule the litho for my stones but it has been a week now &amp; no call. I called them telling them I was in pain, no call back. He was not rude per se but did not have much to say about anything either. It was like talking to a wall. He left the decision to me about the litho instead of recommending a treatment. I am frustrated &amp; in pain &amp; Dr.  Orton &amp; his staff could care less! 	1	5	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	1	Dr. Opechowski has given my mother the best care of any of the physicians she has seen in all her years of illness.  His collaboration with her MD for other conditions has been outstanding.  My family has the utmost confidence in Dr. Opechowskil 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	Dr. Ozalan literally saved my husband's life. He is thorough, extremely knowledgeable, and was able to diagnose and treat a set of health issues that were slowly killing my husband yet no medical doctors could figure out. He helped me as well but the changes with my husband were the most incredible. My husband says, &quot;I owe him my life.&quot; 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	Dr. Oz is very knowledgeable and considerate.  He understands leading technologies and explains cause and effect is a down to earth way. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	Dr.Orona and Staff are always wonderful. I've been going there for about 2 years and have never had to wait more than 5 mins past my appt time. Dr.Orona spends the entire duation of the appt with the patient (usually 45 min.) She is very thorough and knowledgeable. She explains  everything so that you understand, gives you options and makes you a part of the treatment process. I would highly recommend Dr.Orona to anyone looking to take control of their health.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
18	1	seen fast and knows his medicine , a great doctor. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	0	Doctor Orozco is a good doctor his staff on the other hand is disorganized and can get you in trouble like it did to me. It's unfortunate that would what would be a good practice for Dr. Orozco  is overshadowed by his staff, which will get you into trouble if you're not on careful. On a visit with the Dr. his staff forgot to charge me a 25 dll copay, they had my address wrong incorrectly thus their letter requesting payment was never received, the 25 dlls was sent to collections, which I of course paid immediately upon being notified by the collection agency. Then this past week I make an appointment for ear trouble I've been having, I'm given an appointment, I plan my day accordingly to be there on time, to my surprise I'm banned bc of the collection thing! Incredible. Also, I called after to complain and try to speak to the Dr. and they hung up on me. Great way to keep a practice going in this economy. Hopefully they're not sloppy with the medical files as well.  	1	2	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	It is true that you do wait a long time. (I've never been seen on time and am typically an hour behind.) However, it is also true that Dr. Orozco will sit with you to discuss any concerns you have for as long as it takes. He gives you a 100%. He is one of the top ears, nose and throat doctors in Phoenix, so if you're willing to wait for the best, it's worth it. You're in excellent hands with him.  	4	1	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
19	1	Dr. Orozco will give you all the time you need to discuss your issues. He's extremely knowledgeable, patient and very nice. I've been very happy with his care and the surgery he did.   The office wait can be long, but that's because he's giving the person in front of you the same kind of attention you will receive. Try for 1st appt of the morning or aft.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	1	All of my experiences with Dr. Ortiz have been great. Very thorough and friendly and takes lots of time. He is the opposite of what most complain about today, where the Dr. hurry's you in and out.  Very satisfied 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
20	1	All other raters are totally wrong or unjust. Dr.Ortiz is exceedingly competent and complete and will exude confidence to any patient.  He is good! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	Very nice and friendly.  Takes time with patients and cares.  That may be why he could run late, but he was on time for my appointment.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	He is a great doctor.  he cares very much about his patients. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	We've had to go to the ER several times in the last few years, and every time Okorie treated our family member. He is a good doctor.  	3	3	4	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
21	-1	I felt that it was inappropriate to leave me to get up and dress myself and check myself out of the hospital while I was reeling and stumbling and falling over from unassessed vertigo.  		5	1	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
22	1	A very knowledgeable doctor, helpful and will try to take good care of you, but I would not recommend for someone in need of pain management. My mother is a patient of his as well as my great aunt before she passed away. My mother suffers from severe osteoporosis which causes her severe crippling pain, she had to be sent to a pain management clinic because he would not prescribe her any other pain medication besides tramadol. The problem I had with that is this is a 72 year old woman in severe pain, not some young kid coming in for a thrill pill. Other than that I would recommend him for any other kind of problem because he has helped my family out immensely, but seek a pain management doctor instead if this is what you are coming in for. The staff is very terrible and lazy we have complained many times about them taking too much time to fax scripts and test orders. That is the biggest drawback of the office. 	1	4	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
23	-1	I found Doctor Obiesie to be the most distant doctor I've ever encountered and the most stubborn. I was recently diagnosed with a rare bacterial infection called Q fever for which I was hospitalized for 5 days. Prior to my discharge I had an anibody test for the disease which was negative. I set up an appointment with Dr Obiesie for follow up. Upon our meeting I requested  a second test to confirm my negative status for Q fever and the doctor refused. She stated that my positive test was likely a false positive in spite of the fact that my son also tested positive for the disease two weeks after I did. The Centers for Disease Control reccomends follow up for life after a false positive test for Q fever. I find it unethical this doctor was willing to bet my life that I'm negative for Q fever in spite of the fact I have every symptom of the disease and its well documented post acute Q fever fatigue syndrome.  For this reason I filed a complaint with the Arizona Medical Board 	2	1	1	2 	Insurance:CIGNA
24	1	I found Dr. Owensby to be very knowledgeable,.  She answered all my questions and took time to listen to my concerns. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	. left in a room for over an hour, never see the doctor alwys an PA 	2	1	3	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	1	My insurance co was not listed in the choices, but regardless my insurance coverage has been excellent with this office. Front office staff could use a course in &quot;People Skills&quot; and &quot;Sensitivity Training&quot;. Doctor-Patient  interaction has been professional and responsive. 	3	4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	0	Was patient for 2+ years, and in 7 visits saw Owensby only one time. Was seen by her different (4) PA's or assistants each time and had to re-educate every time. Not what I was paying for and not happy with healthcare.  	4	3	3	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	Dr. O'Meara is very knowledgable and just plain nice.  His staff is efficient and friendly. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	-1	Would not recommend this dentist to anyone. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	This Dr is very knowledgeable.  The only Dr to listen to me on my first appointment. Lately I feel I am not being heard and that my concerns were not fully addressed. I fear that this Dr is going to eventually shut her practice down. This Dr has also moved several times since becoming a MD.  Office hours are limited at this time and it is difficult to make an appointment. Because she is an excellent Dr it is frustrating that my concerns were notcompletely addressed at my last appointment. She usually is not like that.  I hope things improve for her.  The more patients she gets the more likely she will do better. She deserves a good practice. I would hate to lose her as she has done more for me than any other Dr.   So make your appointment! 	4	5	3	5 	Insurance:BC Med
28	1	The Staff is very freindly. Very clean office.  Dr J explains everything and if very friendly and easy to talk to.  I was afraid to go to any Chiropractor and after I went to see Dr J I was more comfortable and happy I went.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
29	1	Dr. O'Leary is a wonderful doctor. He is kind caring and makes sure you have a say in your treatment.  I will never see another doctor! 	2	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	1	Staff is rude unprofessional tardy and don't understand the importance of PT advocacy. Be prepared to deal with a long game of phone tag, voice mails and obstacles set up by lazy old jaded nurses. Just hope that your lab results don't have negative findings that need immediate treatment, because staff will play some fun games with you. Dr. is legit, truly cares and takes care of his PT with competent care and treatment plans. 	1	1	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	When I was most ill and in the hospital, he was there for me. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	I am not sure whre these reviews are coming from. I have been a patient of Dr. O'Leary's since he began at SFH. Dr. O'Leary is nothing but thorough and kind. He is one of the few doctors who takes the time to listen and explain procedures and medications. I also find it disturbing that there is such a down grade on the office staff and wait. Very few times have I had to wait more than 10 minutes and the office staff is nothing but nice. If anyone is looking ofr a quality physician, I highly recommend Dr, O'Leary.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
29	-1	Had him as my general physician for a short amount of time.  Every time I saw him I liked him less and less, as his incompetence became more aparent.  To his credit, he's no worse (nor better) than most MD/DOs out there, based on my quest to find a legitimate, knowledgeable, compassionate doctor; My elusive search for such a doc was not an easy one. In conclusion, he's similar to most, but certainly not all, doctors out there -- sadly, not NEARLY as proficient as they ( &  the AMA) make themselves out to be -- and I therefore would not recommend him.  As always, YMMV.  	3	3	2	2 	Insurance:Aetna
30	1	Dr and staff are great.  They are personable and friendly.  They take time to listen to you and I believe they sincerely want to help.  My wife and I are one of his original patients and wouldn't consider switching.  Highly recommended.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
30	0	The staff and Dr. Onofrei are some of the most unprofessional individuals I've ever had to deal with.  	1	3	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
30	1	Going to a new Dr can be frustrating as it seems to take several visits before it feels like they really know you.  I did not find this to be the case with Dr. Onofrei.  He listens to his patients and goes beyond the easy answer.  Aside from being a proactive Dr his entire staff is ready to help and cooperative with one another.  The whole office works to the benefit of the patient.  If there is something that Dr. Onofrei is not comfortable dealing with he will recommend a Dr who is well versed in that area.  We have even skipped the pediatrician for our younger children.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
30	1	Fantastic Doctor he goes above &amp; beyond for his patients. Office staff can be VERY GRUFF this is not a representation of Dr. Onofrei AT ALL.  He's the best 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
30	1	Dr.O is the best doctor you can find. My husband &amp; I have been seeing him for 10 years now &amp; we have nothing bad to say.  You actually leave his office feeling like he genuinely cares about you.  He never rushes &amp; really listens to you.  I will never go to another doctor - he is the best around. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	Dr. Alex Onofrei is the best Doctor that I have ever seen. He diagnosed a medical condition that I have had for years. Other Doctors just guessed at what it was but Onofrei hit it right on the nose on the very first visit. Onofrei takes his time with you and explains everything in detail so that someone without medical knowledge can understand. He's just great! I look forward to him taking care of my medical needs for years to come! Thanks Onofrei for all that you do and taking your time with me.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
30	1	Dr. Onofrei and his PA have treated my entire family for various illnesses. I have recommended family and coworkers to him. He does not treat his patients like cattle. Those listing poor reports should remember, sometimes in our need to care for our children, we expect miracles.  When physicians determine illness based on what information we as parents and patients are giving to our doctors and exclude vital information, he/she is not given full disclosure of our symptoms, of course, a misdiagnosis could happen. We as patients have a responsibility to ourselves and our children.  If we want proper medical care, we must be willing to be open to accept proper medical care. Dr. Onofrei is and will always be most concerned about patient care and only asks in return that his staff is respected for their dedication to hard work for his patients. I have heard him say exactly this on passing through his nursing station.  And, his staff has always been most helpful when I have needed their help 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	I would not hestitate to refer others to Dr. Onofrei, in fact I would like my elderly parents to see him but he isn't currently accepting Medicare patients.  Every diagnosis he has given me has been right on, even if I've later gone to a specialist.  He takes time to talk with me and I never feel like he is rushing to see me.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
30	1	My wife insists I see Dr. Onofrei instead of the PA for important stuff. Since I do not pay less for a PA, I want the best.  	4	5	4	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
30	1	Dr. Onofrei is very thorough and makes sure he checks every possiblility when treating family members. He is always very polite and doesn't rush us out the door. He always makes sure all are questions and concerns are answered.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
30	1	The office phone system needs work, but office visits are excellent. Dr Onofrei (and staff) are responsive to acute and chronic issues and good about follow-up. Also, high marks for checking on insurance coverage for medications and procedures. I like his use of PA students (they have to learn somewhere) and his willingness to use sample medications before committing to a paid prescription.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
30	1	Has helped our family & friends with numerous complicated medical problems; Dr.Onofrei volunteers his time in our community and we know for a fact that he provides excellent care to many athletes in the Mesa schools as a team doctor. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	Helped my child with bad allergies. Helped me with choosing the specialist. Staff very good and helped me.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
30	1	This doctor has always been able to help with my multiple medical problems. When referalls are needed, this is also no problem. I have recommended family and friends to him.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
30	1	I've always had pleasant experiences with Dr Onofrei. He is professional and friendly.  		4	5	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
30	-1	Doctor should be arrested. He falsely diagnosed our child with asthma in an attempt to have a return client. This is how dishonest physicians build their business.  Our child does not have asthma! 		1	1	1 	Insurance:HealthPartners
30	1	I have not had a problem. I was just checking to see if there was a rating.  He is very helpful, 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
31	1	Dr. O'Daniel has cared for my eyesight, many years. He performs a thorough exam, detailing the condition of your eyes plus answers any and all questions. You instantly feel a friendly, upbeat energy from Dr. knowing he enjoys his work. Upon arriving, the staff instantly greets and welcomes you. Lens Crafters is conveniently located a few steps away from Dr.'s reception area. You can select from a wide range of frames and place your order right there. I will continue seeing Dr. O'Daniel as long as he remains in practice! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	-1	I felt he only made a weak attempt to trear me as an individual but otherwise another body passing through.  I cannot think very highly of him because of this. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	My husband first saw the Doctor for a consult regarding a minor procedure he needed to correct a problem following an accident.  The Doctor explained the procedure in detail and was not only on time but very personable.  Three days ago the procedure was done.  Again the Doctor was on time, personable and very friendly.  His staff was efficient, friendly and very helpfull.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Secure Horizons
33	-1	 	2	4	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	Wonderful Angel of Mercy.  Great souuort for my husband while in the hospital.  She is just the best in our opinion.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
34	1	Dr. Obenchain has saved my life in my opinion. I am Stage IV Breast cancer with metastasis to my bones, lymph nodes and lungs. When I first went to her I was extremely depressed and had no hope of living past 9 months - I am a single parent with two daughters ages 7 &amp; 17 - I just wanted a little more time with them and though I know that someday the treatment options will run out, I have every confidence that Dr. Obenchain will help me try every option until I'm ready.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
34	-1	Doctor will not work with patients in refilling prescriptions in larger quantites to save the patient $$$.  Office staff lacks follow through. 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	Very fast to diagnose problem and treatment plan. Very fast to treat. Very bright and loves a challenge.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
34	1	Only 2 support staff - both are less than desirable.  Messages not delivered to Dr. by P.A., P.A. is rude and lacks personality and a smile, Receptionist gave us wrong directions to office initially and has made scheduling errors causing us to wait over an hour upon our appt., Other messages not delivered to Dr., We're early for our appt. but frequently have to wait over 30 mins. to be called in.  Dr. Obenchain herself is great and we would recommend her - too bad her staff delivers inadequate service. 	1	1	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	I love Dr. Ostrom!!  She has been seeing me since 2005 and I wouldn't want any other doctor.  Dr. Ostrom listens to me and is knowledgeable!! She has never talked down to me and does what she can to help me get the proper care I need.  She always follows up with me since I have a chronic illness.  I am referring my friend to Dr. Ostrom so she can get the care she needs.  Dr.  Ostrom is very smart!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:AARP
35	-1	felt like she was not really there. Spent more time on her PC then listening to me. She tends to be of a natuaropathic Dr. She told me to take calcium supplements for my osteoporosis! Now I have stress fractures throughout my feet. She never really examined me. Aren't Drs supposed to do that&#63; 	3	3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	Dr. Ostrom is always willing to answer my questions in detail. Her office runs smoothly and on time.  My only complaint is that she doesn't take credit cards, only cash or checks. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	She always seemed confused&#63; I didn't understand that. and very stressed. I felt that her mind was always somewhere else. She never checked up on me I was taking a medication for a very long time 1 year and I guess my kidney levels were suppose to be checked often but she never said anything and kept refilling my perscription. I didn't find this out until my insurance changed and then my new doctor told me.  	4	4	3	4 	Insurance:Humana
35	1	Friendly, knowledgeable, intelligent, helpful, responsive, prompt on advising of test results. Would recommend to anyone looking for a good internal medicine physician. Helpful with my thyroid disease which is difficult to control.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
36	1	Excellent experience.  Would recommend Dr. Ogao to anyone. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	Excellent, knowledgeable, very caring. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	Very professional and personable. very interested in me as a patient.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	1	I LOVE Dr. O'Toole.  She is VERY thorough with me and my family.  She takes the time to hear what ales you.  She is committed to her job and her patients.  I trust her with my life and the lives of my family.  The office staff sucks!! It is a reflection on her which is really sad.  You call and sit on hold for a half hour easily.  The only reason I stay at that office is because of Dr. O'Toole.  	2	2	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
38	1	Dr O'Toole is very patient and takes the time to figure out what is going on.  Her office staff is terrible, which unfortunately reflects badly on her.  They tend to sit on results, and unless you talk to the doctors assistant they tend to just put you off.  	2	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
38	1	Dr. O'Toole is a great Dr. she actually is one of the few left that actually take the time to listen to what her patients needs are.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	-1	This doctor is terrible, we were there for 2 visits and each time she asks the same questions over and over. This office asks questions on papers, then asks questions face to face then they asks agagin so they can fill it in to their computer. We sat there for hours just going through questions. She is a new doctor and she is not as knowledgable as she should be. We quit going to see this doctor and our new pediatrician is ten times smarter and faster. And our new doctor only asks questions once and he remembers quick. Dr. O'Tooles office was dirty and her nurse was very slow and ghetto 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	I absolutly love Dr O'Toole.  I think she is extremly knowledgable and is a very caring Dr.  She always listens to what I have to say and is considerat of my feeling and concerns.  I would recommend her to anyone that asks for a good Family Practice Dr. She has always been on time, and never makes me feel as though my questions are unfounded.  I have the uttmost trust in her.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
38	1	Both my husband and I LOVE Dr. O'Toole. She does look into all of the possible options for solutions to your problems, however I don't think she's guessing, she's just very thorough.She found a lump in my breast no one had ever found- and made appointments for me to get a mammogram right away. It was benign thank goodness, but I was so grateful to her for  finding it and getting me in right away to get it checked. My husband thinks she is very friendly and puts him at ease. Her thoroughness is truly refreshing. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
38	-1	When I made the appointment I was made to believe I was seeing Dr. Michael Keller who is listed on the insurance but each time I make an appointment with him they say he is not available. So I am left with Dr. O'Toole. She is not knowledgable. My whole family and I visited this office a few times and found out we were just wasting tons of money. Most of her diagnosis are buy just guessing. My family and I will not be going back to this office.  	2	1	2	1 	Insurance:Unicare
39	1	Very helpful, Dr. Opie is TOP Notch Doc. Always pleasant and has you feeling good in no time.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
40	-1	The worst and any good reviews are from the office.  Talks about other patients and is rude. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	Great chiropractor, very knowledgable, cares about results. Staff is also friendly. Would definitely recommend her practice to anyone.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
42	0	Channel 12, Fox News, Animal Planet, Discovery Health have all featured Dr. Oscherwitzhttp://www.azcentral.com/community/gilbert/articles/... 				 	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	Dr. Oscherwitz is very compassionate.  Helped me even though I had no money.  Still have my arm due to him.                                         Leandro Guillia 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	He's the best.   Very smart and efficient.         Sam Tines 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
42	0	 	4	2	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	He was very attentive and listen to what I had to say. His taff was great and very caring. They obtained authorization from my insurance company the next day.  They let me know that I was their number one priority 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
44	1	BEST DENTIST saved my life , he lives in glendale california should hire him 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	I would highly recommend Dr. Oganesyan.  Excellent doctor! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	1	I've been seeing Dr.  Obadia For over 8 years and can honestly say i wont find another Doctor as caring and kind as him! 	 8/11/10	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
45	-1	Breast augmentation was a disaster and I had to have a reconstruction due to the damage this doc caused.  Beware. 	3	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	Great doctor, he was excellent with me and great bedside manners. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	0	Okay as a general OB/GYN but was disappointed when he suggested hysterectomy surgery only because I wasn't going to have children - no other medical reason for the surgery.  		4	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
46	1	Dr. O'Connor is the best! very helpful and will work with you on PN cases like mine to try and control severe pain.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Veterans Administration
46	1	Dr. OConnor is the BEST neurologist I have had over my course of MS for the last 23 years - He has been my doc since 1994 - 4 years post diagnosis and he has been more than a doctor to me - He takes interest in what I am doing and how that may affect my health, he remembers EVERYTHING I have ever said to him - always supportive the 2 times over the years that I have called him on call with an emergency - He is everything I want and need in a doc for my health needs.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
46	1	Dr O'Connor has been my neurologist since 1996.  I only have positive things to say about him. Never have I had a problem with Dr O'Connor or his staff.  I highly recommend Dr O'Connor if you have any neurological issues.  Never have I had to refresh him memory about pass medical problems.  Overall excellent Doctor, and staff. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	John J O'Connor has always been both professional and caring with all of my medical care needs. He listens to my concerns and if he does not have an answer, he will find someone who does. It has always been easy to get an appointment and the staff are so nice and recognize me each visit even though I am only there once every three months. I am so thankful that I have John as a neurologist, it puts me at ease knowing I am so taken care of. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
47	1	Dr. Robert C. Osborne is absolutely the best Doctor I have ever had.  His field of Pain Medicine has lots of potential for abuse by patients, and many physicians will NOT touch a pain patient.  If you're doctor shopping and a medication seeking addict, don't go here....he can smell a phony 10 miles away!!  Doctor's who treat pain are few and far between because of these people.  Dr. Osborne actually LISTENS to his patients and makes you a partner in your treatment plan.  If he chooses to treat you and does so using medications that are tightly controlled i.e. narcotics, and then expect to have to see him very regularly. These types of medication are highly regulated and have a high potential for abuse and addiction.  This is the reason you are seeing a pain specialist in the first place.  Expect to see the Doctor at least once a month.  If you’re looking for the best pain doctor in the world, see Dr. Robert C. Osborne. He also prescribes other courses of treatment besides narcotics.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
48	1	Excellent and knowledgable doctor and staff.  Dr Olson really knows her stuff, above and beyong just chiropractic care. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	Dr. Olson rocks! Knows her stuff! Staff is great, as well! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	wonderful experience! walked out feeling better than ever 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	Dr. Oreskovich repaired a root canal/crown that apparently was done incorrectly the first time and abscessed. He did a wonderful job, spent a large amount of time with me and was very kind and sensitive to my needs as a patient that struggles with &quot;dental anxiety.&quot; Renee in the front office and Pam, the dental assistant, treated myself and my husband like family and showed such compassion. I will never go anywhere else! So incredibly grateful to have found them all :) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	First, Dr. Okuda is a very well-known neurologist and multiple sclerosis specialist/scientist working at the world-renowned Barrows Neurological Institute.  He is not an allergist.  Second, he is a fantasitc physician and very knowledgable.  Great staff, too.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	1	Great neuro! Too bad I was a horrible patient. I was never totally honest about my adherence to therapy, but something tells me he had suspicions, but was respectful not to prod me about it. I am now adherent, but too bad he moved. 	2	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	No discrepancies.  Dr. Okuda is a true professional.  I was very pleased with him and his staff.  Their attitude is positively contagious.  I highly recommend him and his office.   I left feeling informed, healtheir, happier and empowered. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	very well mannered and knowledgeable doctor. i left feeling very confident leaving my MS in his hands. he wants to make people healthy and happy. highly recommend him 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	During my visit I felt that I was treated very well.I would absolutely recommend this doctor to my family and friends.  I felt this visit was an amazing success!Overall I would rate this visit : outstanding! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	During my visit I felt that I was treated very well.I would absolutely recommend this doctor to my family and friends.  I felt this visit was an amazing success!Overall I would rate this visit : outstanding! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
51	1	Dr.Oppong-Takyi is an outstanding Internist. He helped me and got to the bottom of a terrible health condition when no one else would.I have endometriosis. Before finding him I had gone to 35 different doctors (including the Mayo Clinic) to no avail. I was hysterical and in severe pain when i first saw him and he didnt doubt me. He helped me!!!! He is a rare gem. I am out of pain and forever grateful to this brilliant and kind man.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
51	1	Clean Office, and very professional.  Have Same Day Appointments and is even opened on Saturdays 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
52	-1	Unfortunatly Dr. Oneill is not one of my favorite Dr's. In my opinion, he see's his patients as file folders and ready to get onto the next one before he says hello. Unless you have specific questions for him on follow up check ups, I see him for less than 5 minutes after waiting anywhere from 30 minutes to 1 hour in the waiting room or exam room.  	 8/7/11	5	1	2	Insurance:Medicare
53	-1	did a horrible job on a root canal..broke off part of the tool in gum..had to spend another $1500.00 getting it fixed by a specialist.  	2	5	2	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	1	Dr. Oh is the best. He did my breast surgery and he was awesome.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
54	-1	Horrible, Please seek a second opinion first... Please...  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
55	1	I have worked with Dr. Odegard through several difficult life situations over the last 20 years. On each occasion we have been able to converse, plan and implement strategies that would enable me to grow and move forward in a positive, healthy way. I have the utmost respect for Dr. Odegard's methods of communication and ability to get to the &quot;root of the problem&quot;. I think with counseling/coaching &quot;you get what you give&quot; is a good approach. If you go into Dr. Odegard with the idea of being honest, open and the desire to learn, grow and enrich yourself, that is what you will get. Dr. Odegard is honest, forthright and very insightful. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	My experience with Dr. Odegard has been very positive &amp; she has patiently taught me  very valuable life long skills in dealing with self-esteem, boundary , love and patience issues. She is a very positive &amp; empathetic person who has helped me tremendously. I am so thankful for her counseling and coaching skills!! I would and DO highly recommend her to people I know &amp; care about.  She &amp; her staff have always been helpful and punctual.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
55	-1	I had used Advances in Applied Psychology (Dr. Mamiko Odegard PhD) for nearly 6-years for marital issues; Dr. Odegard will tell you that she is your confidant and works for your bet interest but does not. I am not a sour grapes kind of person,and I'm not out to maliciously defame, but Dr. Odegard betrayed my confidence through lying and has been sanctioned by the Arizona Board of Psychologist Examiners -http://www.psychboard.az.gov/actions.htm- for unprofessional conduct. People simply need to be warned about the conduct of those who you should be able to confide in to help you. Please check out the link to see what the State of Arizona had to say about Dr. Odegard. 	3	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	Everyone is very polite, helpful and they have a great office atmosphere. I would definitely recommend this Dentist! It was my first visit in several years to any Dentist and I will go again.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
57	1	Dr. Oesch takes his time with each patient.  He is very knowledgable and has outstanding communication skills.  He is a friendly outgoing doctor.  He comes with my highest recommendation.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
57	1	Very attentive Doctor.  Durring snowbird season he can be very busy and sometimes you have quite a wait in his office, but his bedside manner is terrific and he seems to be quite up to date on his med info. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	Excelent Doctor.  He actually listens to you and as a result has been of great assistance in resolving my allergy issues.  Happy to discuss all options, and give you the pros and cons in a clear manner.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
57	1	Dr. Oesch correctly diagnosed an abdominal aneurysm in a family member and by doing so saved his life.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
58	-1	I have never written a review online but this doctor is horrible!  SHE IS A RACIST!!!! She and her staff talked to me like I was stupid.  They asked me the same questions over and over.  I don't care that she is &quot;direct&quot; but did she really have to stand with her back to me for 15 minutes while she typed on the computer&#63;  She was judgemental and rude.  Her office staff were also rude, apathetic about me expressing my concerns, and rushed me to fill out the paperwork faster.  I am so disappointed given that the office has months of a wait list.  She and her staff were talking badly about patients and other staff out in the lobby.  She doesn't follow through or abide by her own policies.   I agree she may be knowledgeable but speaking badly about those of a different culture&#63;!!&#63;&#63;  I hope I can find more sites to post this review so that no one has to be treated sooooo awfully! What a disgrace! 	 9/3/12	2	4	1	Insurance:United Healthcare
58	-1	i wish i could check all the reviews before. i know dr o'sulliven for over 2 years. i dont like changing dr but i had it enought. its true she has no much feeling and compassion for pregnant woman. she has no kids, 2 dogs and she doesnt really know how pregnant women can feel. i think she is knowledgeable without any feelings. wait time is absolutly right between 35 min to 90 min. no apology for being late. every time i complain about my health her respond would be ''well you are pregnant so this is normal&quot;.   i wish good luck anyone who is going to use her service 	 7/22/12	2	1	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
58	1	I am shocked to see the bad reviews for Dr. O'Sullivan.  She has been my OB/GYN for the past 14 years and never has her &quot;bed side manner&quot; been an issue with me.  I have referred her to friends and family, if she was not as good as she is there would be NO referral.  Dr.  O'Sullivan is an EXCELLENT OB/GYN in my books! 	 5/10/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
58	1	I'm very suprised to read the negative comments about Dr. O'Sullivan.  I get the feeling it's someone who is trying to disparage this good woman on purpose.  Shame on you!   I have been a patient of Dr. O's for many years and have always found her to be an excellent doctor.  She is very knowledgeable and bright.  Her personality is to be direct, but she does so in a very kind and considerate way.  Her office staff at both locations are very nice and friendly.  I've had nothing but excellent experiences with this doctor and staff over the years.  They are also efficient and communicate very well.  While Dr. O is no shrinking violet, she's a very capable and strong woman who I admire a great deal.  I would highly recommend Dr O'Sullivan to any of my friends or family members without hesitation.  	 8/2/11	5	3	5	Insurance:CIGNA
58	-1	Dr. Erin O'Sullivan exhibits extremely poor bedside manner. 22 wks pregnant and suffering from a debilitating cough, I called the Dr.'s office during the wknd. to receive a call back from Dr. O'Sullivan, the on call doc.She called, told me to take an OTC cough med, and I did. 24 hrs. later I was worse not better. Friends and family had to convince me to call back, I didn't want to bother the Doc again, but the pains resulting from the cough were severe. After speaking to her once more she quickly suggested an RX med, and called it in. Pharmacy was closed, so she called for another #.I felt terrible, looked one up and left the # with the svc.but told the doc I'd prefer tablets over syrup if they have it. Hubby calls pharmacy, is told she called in syrup and she needs to call back to change it. Felt terrible but called her, she said: it does come in tablets&#63; Then said: Fine, but this is IT for you.I'm courteous, patient, apologetic and in pain. DO NOT USE THIS DOC.  HORRIBLE, HORRIBLE. 	5	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
58	-1	Would not go back to... ever.  This is one of the most inconsiderate, rude, direct people I have ever met.  Not to mention I overheard her gossiping about patients, issues in the office, etc... while I was sitting in the room (after 2 hrs), waiting for her to see me.  When I confronted her she was condescending. I tried to see through it, thinking I did not need a best friend, I needed a dr.  This attitude worked most of my pregnancy, but after she snorted at my birth plan and left me with a terrifying visual of my possible birth experience and discussed having to &quot;cut me,&quot; I was out of there.  For all you tough cookies who think &quot;Dr. O's&quot; knowledge outweighs her horrible bedside manner - I am happy for you.  But for me, I needed a human being who could empower me and be a partner in bringing my baby into the world.  I found it and my new dr happens to be knowledgeable too!  In the end I needed a dr I would be excited to see walk in - not a dr I anticipated to be rough, cold and rude.  	 3/28/10	4	2	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
58	1	Dr. O'Sullivan is a great Dr who cares a lot about her patients.  Her confidence was comforting to me all the way through 2 pregnancies and I wouldn't trade those experiences for anything.  She's a great lady and I would refer anyone to her without a doubt.  	 12/18/09	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
58	1	I love Dr. O'Sullivan!!  She's a great Dr!  She may not be the most warm and fuzzy person out there, but she knows her stuff.  She was knowledgable and direct and just what I needed for me to take care of the medical problem I had before it got worse.  She kind of kickstarted me in to getting taken care of.  Her office staff are pretty nice and get me worked in when I need to be seen right away.  The NP's there are amazing people and very very sweet and friendly.  I won't ever go to another office.  	 12/7/09	4	4	5	Insurance:Humana
58	-1	I went to this doctor because my primary doctor referrred her.  She was unprofessional, uncaring and insensitive.  She may have been knowledgable, however her &quot;bedside mannor&quot; was extrememly bad.  i will not go back.  	 9/20/09	3	3	2	Insurance:Pacificare
58	-1	As a new patient, I was really hoping to establish a relationship with Dr.O as gyn visits are, by nature, very &quot;personal&quot;.  She was not friendly or even pleasant. I would not have gone back,but my PAP was problematic and she recommended a Colposcopy so I scheduled a followup visit.  I was nervous and aprehensive about the procedure, but instead of easing my fears, she was irritable and annoyed with me, and short with her assistant, and her coworkers.  She ranted about one of the other doctors in the practice whose children are raised by nannies&#63;&#63;&#63;&#63;&#63;&#63;  During my prcdr, she asked her assistant to go get another person to help her.  Her assistant returned with two women and a third woman later followed. Their conversation quickly turned personal and I suddenly felt very exposed in the middle of their &quot;break room&quot;.  I asked her to have them leave.She did, but finished in silence.  In my OPINION, she was not warm, caring or professional nor was her staff. 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
58	-1	I saw Dr O'Sullivan for a year. She was brusque but was recommended by another doctor so I assumed she knew what she was doing. I was wrong. Dr O relied on a single hormone test to diagnose me as post-menopausal. I went off birth control pills. After 6 months I started bleeding. The next 6 months were spent trying to figure out what was &quot;wrong&quot;. Dr O referred me to her Nurse Practitioner and ordered a series of ultrasounds. The N/P put me on hormones but I kept bleeding so she kept adjusting the dosage. The N/P wanted to perform an endometrial biopsy (herself) but I was uncomfortable with the idea and wanted to see the Dr first to discuss. I made an appt but the Dr was booked 2 months out and would not make an exception. Meanwhile, the N/P stopped returning my calls. I saw a new OB/GYN who quickly figured out I had been misdiagnosed and I was actually peri-menopausal.  She put me back on the birth control pills. I am fine now, but it was a miserable, expensive year.  	 7/9/09	2	3	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
58	-1	This woman showed up 3 hours late to my induced labor and my son almost died. She expected me to push him out in 10 minutes when my pushing contractions had been gone for an hour. She ended up having to vacume him out, I ripped form head to toe, (no episiotomy given).  He was not breathing, and had already lost his meconium. He now suffers from learning deficiencies and speech problems. I am just glad he doesn't have cerebral palsy thanks to Dr.O'Sullivan. Oh and she coughed all over the delivery room getting me and my newborn sick on his first day of life. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
58	-1	spent 3 years complaining about the medication not working.  she didn't even consider that an increase was all that is needed.  It took another dr to tell me this. being straightforward, and not sugar coating things has nothing to do with how one perceives things.  It is obvious -- incompetent. 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	I think it's a matter of how you perceive or read in to a person's actions, and a combination of what you want in an experience.  I can say, with complete honesty that she was awesome.  I do not expect a fluffy, sappy, sugary voiced woman just because she's in the pregnancy line of work-- I just expect someone who can tell me the facts and who cares enough to do good at her job.  She has answered all my questions without fail, and has taken care of my needs.  I understand she's been doing this for years and don't expect to be treated like I'm the most important person she knows because that's not reasonable, but what I do expect, and what I have received-- is a knowledgeable doctor who made my experience being pregnant comfortable and worry-free. Her staff was great-- and never ONCE in the whole 2 years I've known them have they cancelled an appointment on me, so that may just be bad luck for some, who knows! I've referred many and they loved her as well.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
58	-1	Had difficulties with both Dr. O and her Nurse Practitioner.  I had been dealing with the same gynecological problem for 4 years with no relief until I was seen by a new physician.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Banner Health
58	-1	I can not even begin to tell you about this so called doctor, WHAT A JOKE! she should be a greeter at walmart. This office is pathetic, my wife was treated for a bladder infection 4 times before we had to have another dr say &quot;why do they keep treating you for a UTI when the medication isnt working&quot;....then they have her go do a straight cath test because the urine was &quot;bad&quot; after 2 weeks and then they get the results and tell her that she needs to go to a bladder specialist with no explination at all. Terrible bedside manner, this DR is terrible all she seems to do is guess what is wrong. We are changing to a much better OB, this place is a fkn joke. If you read these reviews before you go you can save yourself a great amount of time and torement.This office is just plain rude, also when we called to get a refill on medication for a UTI they made it seem like she was selling it on the street...  I GUESS BLADDER MEDICATION IS IN HIGH DEMAND! THIS OFFICE IS A COMPLETE JOKE! Pitiful 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
58	1	Dr. O is awesome! I had her deliver both of my children and since both were very complicated cases, she was awesome from beginning to end! The male partners at her office had brushed off a concern that was in fact life threatening to my unborn child, and she corrected them immediately, and gave her cell number to me! I have referred numerous people ( over 20) to her, and all have had wonderful experiences. Yes, she does tell it the way it is, but don't we want doctors like that&#63; I personally prefer to hear it they way it actually is without a lot of fluff about it. Her staff has always been courteous and poolite, even when they have to call with bad news such as appointments having to be cancelled at the last minute.  Remember, all OBGYN's are always on call to deliver babies, and you would want your own doctor to deliver you as well 	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Aetna
58	1	Dr O'sullivan is great!! I absolutely loved her! She was there to deliver my first and only child. She came in a hurry and made me feel very comfortable. She was funny and made me laugh. My boyfriend loved her to and yes she does tell it like it is . I loved that about her. One time she had to leave to deliver a baby but she still saw me for my appointment and did not rush at all. I didn't even know until my appointment was over that she was in a hurry. But like someone said if you're looking for someone to hold your hand and act like a mother to you then look for someone else. If you're looking for a dr. to be there when it truly counts and address all of your concerns without the BS then she's great for you.  I highly recommend her!! :) 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
58	1	I went to this dr for 4 years and complained about the symptoms I had for all that time.  Finally, I decided to go to another dr and immediately she knew what was wrong.  If Dr O would of diagnosed my problem earlier, I wouldn't of had some irreversible damage.  Office staff aren't any better as they are rude to older people and treat them like they are not welcome. 	1	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
58	-1	I had a terrible experience with Dr. O’Sullivan and her staff. A few comments: -Her staff called and cancelled appointments at the last minute and then wouldn’t be able to reschedule me until a month down the road -I arrived on time for my last appointment and was led to the exam room, where I waited for an hour and a half. Her staff didn’t come in and let me know she was running late. She lightly apologized when she finally showed up and then rushed through my exam. -Whenever I call the front office, I am put on hold for ridiculous amounts of time -Unsympathetic staff -I was told I needed a procedure done, and when I asked the staff person to spell it for me so I could speak to a friend that's an MD about it, she got annoyed and was rude I have NEVER written a complaint about anyone, which reflects the gravity of my poor experience with Dr. O’Sullivan.  	1	1	2	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
58	-1	She told me she would perform an episiotomy procedure when I expressed my desire to receive one.  Needless to say, I had a bad labia tear and my recovery was horrible.   I confronted her and she said she made a judgement call - guess she was WRONG!!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
58	-1	Went to Dr. Sullivan for the first time this month. Not good. I came to this site to see if she had any reviews. I guess I should have checked before I wasted my money and time.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
58	-1	All the negative ratings describing Dr. O'Sullivan are completely accurate.  Her bedside manner is horrible.  I asked her a simple question and she not only answered it incorrectly (thanks to Dr. Oz on Oprah for clearing that up), but she was rude and made me feel uncomfortable.  This woman lacks the compassion that is needed for an exam that makes patients feel so vulnerable.  LOOK FOR SOMEONE ELSE!  Not only does she lack warmth, but she lacks knowledge too...not a good combination! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
58	-1	Dr. O is in the entirely wrong profession.  It is clear to me that she does not like pregnant women.  Her manner goes beyond being direct, to being rude and even cruel.  I know 7 women who have used Dr. O as their doctor, and 5 of them have left due to her lack of care and consideration for her patients.  In my case, she handled a situation that involved incorrect lab results very poorly, laughing it off later, despite the fact that it caused me a lot of emotional distress while I waited for the results of a re-test, a re-test that I had to demand to prove the original results were incorrect.  In addition, a dear friend of mine just found out she is having triplets and had to be referred to a specialist.  Dr. O called her and said that she was aware from the early test results that 2 of the babies are in danger, so if those two &quot;died&quot; my friend can come back to her for delivery of the third.  I cannot imagine what would make any person, much less a doctor, say that to someone.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
58	-1	Horrible Dr. for specific specialty. She should not be in a profession that works with people. Horrible attitude. Had to see her once and she is cold and rude. I am almost positive that at least one of the last postings is probably her staff trying to help her ratings. I am telling you she is the pits. Go see Dr. Nelson in her group he is much better!!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	I went through several OB/GYNs before finding Dr. O'Sullivan. I have recommended countless coworkers and friends to her and have not heard any complaints. On the contrary, they like her as much as I do. I felt very comfortable throughout my pregnancy knowing that I was in such capable hands. I don't have one bad thing to say about her. Not only is she a wonderful, GOOD doctor, but the others in the practice seem to be great as well.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
58	-1	All through my pregnancy Dr. O'Sullivan seemed to be a cold and made me feel that my questions were a waste of her time. She was very apathetic with no regard for my thoughts, feelings and/or concerns. After my giving birth to my child she highly recommended Mirena IUD which I chose for the convenience factor that I would soon be loosing my insurance. Immediately during the insertion of the IUD there was a problem. Dr. O'Sullivan was very much aware that my insurance was almost at the end of coverage. She wasted the remaining time but did manage to tell me not to rely on the IUD as a source of birth control as it was not in as it should be. The IUD remains perforated through my uterine wall and is somewhere in my pelvic region. Knowing all this Dr. O'Sullivan neglected to perform necessary procedures to remove the IUD before my insurance ran out. She didn't even give a good faith attempt to make it right. As far as I'm concerned she has no conscience.  I would NEVER recommend her! 		1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
58	-1	Horrible bedside manner. Was not my Dr. but came in to check on me in the hospital for another partner. She said out loud that a couple of my staples were coming out (after a c-section) scribbled some notes and walked out of the room. Nurse heard and could not believe what she said. Not the brightest tool in the shed. Even if my staples were coming out why would you make a comment like that about another collegues' work&#63; Overall office is a nightmare. Have heard that Dr, Nelson is good in their group but can tell you from experience if you want professional do not go to O'Sullivan. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
58	-1	Dr. O'Sullivan delivered my first baby. I had heard about her &quot;tell it like it is&quot; mannerism and was okay with that at first. With my second pregnancy she dismissed all of my concerns. I had her paged on a weekeng because I started bleeding. She seemed mad at me. I went in when miscarried and was distraught when she was making jokes with the intern about my bloody items in the trashcan. I'm pregnant again and looking for a new doctor.  		2	1	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
58	-1	Very poor bedside manner. Brusque and rather unkind in a specialty where a gracious, warm manner goes a very long way. I left feeling like a cow herded through a vet. She also verbally misdiagnosed me in a very casual manner. This unsolicited verbal diagnosis was later disproven by lab results, however, due to the nature of the diagnosis, I experienced extreme amounts of emotional distress between the time of receiving it and the lab results. In my opinion she exhibited VERY unprofessional, curious behavior, and I would not recommend her to an enemy. 		4	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
59	1	I have used 5 outstanding electro-physiologists for defibrillator implantation and replacement and Dr. Ott is the very best.   He is extremely thorough, skilled and protective, and I recommend him without reservation 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	1	. Very knowledgeable, very thorough 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
60	0	My whole family saw Dr. Ostler for almost a year until we found out that he is a dishonest dentist and I feel all he is concerned about is money!!!! My kids received care from him and absolutely did not like him and they were afraid of him.His office hours keep dwindling down to where he doesnt work there much. His fees are also VERY VERY HIGH!!!!!!!!! Find a honest, caring dentist somewhere else. Ostler Family Dentistry is NOT the place you will receive good honest services. Best of luck to you! 	4	3	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
61	-1	This doctor is awful.  He made a VERY poor decision and nearly killed me by putting me on medication I never should have been on.  My lungs ended up being &quot;RIDDLED with blood clots&quot; (ER doctor's exact words) because of Dr. Ochoa.  We even discussed my medical history beforehand, so he was well aware.  I threatened to sue him if he didn't pay my medical bills, and he complied very quickly to avoid a lawsuit.   I highly recommend you stay far, far away from this man! 	5	4	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	-1	I did not like Dr. Osborne. I thought he was more rough than necessary during the exam and the entire rest of the time he was on his laptop. He wasn't personable and seemed almost bored with his job. I would not recommend him. 	4	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
62	-1	His office staff called to schedule a surgery.  At an appointment just a few days before the surgery, he said &quot;your not scheduled for surgery, you don't need surgery&quot;  He spent more time with a laptop in his lap typing away, than he does talking to the patient.  	2	1	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
63	-1	wait time was over 3 hrs, no one seems to care; he seems arrogant and insensitive; intimidates for excessive dental work.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Delta Dental
63	1	Very nice doctor, very knowledgeable. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	I'm a patient from DR.Ortiz and is the best DR.I had in my life... 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	Dr. Jose Ortiz. Is a very knowledgeable and compassionate man....He really cares and takes time to explain things...He answers all questions with a smile on his face. Highly recommended.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
64	0	Dr. Jose is good if he sticks to the naturopathic treatments - the prolotherapy helped me.  However, he should NOT be doing laser treatments for spider veins - he made mine MUCH worse and charged me too much for no results! 	2	3	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	Overall my experience with the staff is amazing, the girls are very sweet and humorous. This is my first pregnancy and I feel a little neglected by Osanna, but all the questions are up to me. With pregnancy brain I can't remember much when I am in there. Osanna is sure to answer any questions I have. I am hoping he will deliver my little boy in August.  	5	5	5	4 	Insurance:AHC
65	1	Dr. O is a kind and caring doctor.when he took care of me for my last pregnancy he always listend and I never felt rushed when I had  questions. He also gave me feedback. I will definitely go back to this practice for my next pregnancy. Thanks Dr.  O! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
65	1	Dr. Ossanna was a great gynecologist I felt he was very experienced, knowledgeable and helpful. He was on time 9 out of 10 times. His staff is so friendly and nice I loved them.  If I had anything bad to say about dr Ossanna I'd say he could be a little more personable but that is a very small complaint compared to the good things Ive experienced at his office! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
65	0	dr.osanna was very cold and distant i felt like he rushed me and could care less.i would recommend no one to see him he looked irritated like i was wasting his precious time..worst experience i have ever had was meeting HIM! 	2	5	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	I met Dr. Ossana 3wks after he moved to Arizona when he was working in the Chandler office.  His bedside manner is one every doctor should have.  Dr. Ossana listens to you and your concerns.  Dr. Ossana will go over everything option advailable and let you know when he can no longer help you!!  Dr. Ossana did my hysterectomy.  He continued my care afterwards still listening to the concerns to be able to diagnosis a disease other doctors weren't taking the time in listening to me.  If it weren't for this wonderful man, i would probably still be walking around undiagnosed and untreated!!!  He even shared with me when he was no longer able to help me with my disease and referred me to a specialist!! I have learned to get over the staff and their rudeness since we are not there for them but for the doctor!!  Thank you Dr.  Ossana for everthing !! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
65	1	Dr. Ossanna recently delivered our beautiful daughter. (02/1/2011) I had such a great experience. Dr. Ossanna is an excellent doctor in his field. He is very patient and understanding. He made me feel comfortable. Absolutely amazing exprience with him and the staff.  The staff also made me feel welcome they are the absolute best! Highly recommended to all!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
65	-1	This office is an ABSOLUTE HORROR. Save yourself the trouble and money and go somewhere else! I can't even begin to explain how awful it is. Never have records, grossly incorrect billing, office staff is unbelievably rude (to the point of screaming at people), doctors and assistants are rude and condescending, and to top it all off, when I came in because I was bleeding and afraid I was going to miscarry again, all they wanted to talk about was ABORTION. Just awful. GO SOMEWHERE ELSE! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	Front desk girls were kinda rude and having to pay 25 dollars for a doctors note is crazy. Other then that Dr. Ossanna was great and his assistant was a sweet heart. Didn't have to wait to long to get into see the doctor. Overall I'm really happy with him as a doctor and his office. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	Dr. Ossanna was my obgyn since before I got pregnant. I am very pleased with the prenatal care provided, my questions were answered and my concerns addressed promptly. I had Dr. Stephens assist my labor and she was wonderful. They are always willing to work with me and schedule me if there was an issue. I like the fact that there are only 3 people you can see. Jenna, Dr. Ossanna, or Dr. Stephens. The reason is because they develop a patient/caregiver relationship and you feel more comfortable that way. You don't have to see someone completely different every time you go.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
65	1	I transfered to Dr. Ossanna's practice when I was about 4 months pregnant, because the practice that I was at was like a mill. I never saw the same doctor twice and it was so hard to get my lab results. Dr. Ossanna made me feel at ease and he always had time to answer my questions. They did my ultrasounds in the office so I always knew how things were going with our daughter. Six weeks ago, Dr.  Ossanna delivered our healthy daughter!  I am so glad there is such a great Ob/Gyn in Queen Creek! 	5	4	4	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
65	1	I started seeing Dr. Ossana last year for prenatal care.He had been highly recommended.After my delivery I continued to see him for my gyn care. Dr. O is a wonderful caring doctor. He is very informative and helpful. The office is beautiful, the staff is great. Overall its a relaxing atmosphere. I would recommend him to anyone.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
65	1	Dr. Ossanna recently delivered our beautiful daughter. I had such a great experience! Dr. Ossanna and his staff were wonderful throughout my pregnancy. I rarely waited more than 5-10 minutes for my appointment. I always got a prompt call back from the nurses whenever I had a question.The office staff are very caring and concerned! I saw his nurse practitioner Jena who always listened to my concerns. I never felt rushed with Dr. Ossanna. He always answered all my questions. It was nice to walk into the office and have the staff recognize you by name once you enter. Overall I have had a great experience with Dr. Ossanna and his staff.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
65	-1	This doctors office takes appointment and cancels appointments. It doesn't matter how urgent your need is if your appointment time isn't up then they can't help you. If you have a problem (i.e. pain, cramping from pregnancy or miscarriage) then their answer eveytime is to go to the ER. This was the worse experience I have ever had with a medical professional. I would discourage anyone from going to this doctor. 	4	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	I called to get an appointment.  The receptionist was able to get me in the next day and really worked around my busy schedule.  I downloaded my paperwork off the website and had it ready at my appointment.  Oh my gosh!  I waited maybe 10 minutes and was in the exam room.  The doctor was really nice and took the time to talk to me.  Not like he was rushing me along.  He even emailed a prescription to my pharmacy. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
65	-1	Getting appointments at this place is ridiculous. Dr. Ossanna is the only doctor in the practice and apparently their u/s tech doesn't work often. I had my first appt around 5 weeks, but they thought I was 10 weeks based on the date of my last period. Before they even let me have an appt, I had to come in and PAY to take a urine pregnancy test! They charge $15 dollars, which is stupid because with my insurance I should pay nothing up front. When I asked about this, they told me they don't bill insurance for urine prengnancy tests. At my first appointment he seemed very distant and told me to schedule an u/s with the receptionist to properly date my pregnancy. The earliest appointment with the tech was over a month away! He did not seem friendly and the combination of that and how difficult it was to get even regular appointments made me decide to change practices asap. 	4	4	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
66	-1	I liked Dr Osario at first until he aspirated my veins without any pain medication.  He was sticking a needle without any numbing because he had to fit me in between two patients.  I actually broke the stress ball!  I cried my eyes out and the nurse said, &quot;Do you want to see why it hurt so bad&#63;&quot; and then proceeded to show me the needle used for the aspiration.It was HUGE like a nail that you nail in the wall.  She said she couldn't believe that I was able to do that, and I DID NOT HAVE AN OPTION.. he just did it and I thought that was supposed to happen.  We were also scheduled for surgery and I took the drugs perscribed.  When I got there another Dr was there to remove my vein!  I was totally drugged and I had to make a decision whether to have this stranger do the surgery.  I am glad now because he was great, and Dr Osario probably wouldn't have cared about the pain.  I will NEVER go back there. He never even said he was sorry to me.  Very unprofessional! 	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
67	0	Goodman &amp; Partridge, is anawesome practice in San Tan valley!!! The staff is great. They get you in same day!!! I am an obese woman, and a lot of drs treat you differently, the specialist she referred me to is one of them, but everyone there treated me great! But I did feel as though she could  have done more herself to get to the reason I was in do much pain, instead of passing me off so quickly.  But shes very pleasant, and has a good bedside manner!! 	5	2	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	1	She seemed new to the process.  I have never been pinched so many times (or ever actually) by the clamps.  Then she didn't even have the right clamps so had to do the whole process over again!  Also the office told me my appt. was for 1:30 and to come early.  I did and then didn't even get called back until 2:14 (so waiting for an hour in lobby!) and when I asked why I was waiting so long they said &quot;oh your appt. was for 1:50.&quot;  So they told me the wrong time and when I checked in and said &quot;1:30&quot; they still did correct me then and just let me sit and get impatient.  	3	1	4	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	1	Dr. Olson performed a VERY complicated surgery on my mother Jan 2012 and has been an absolutely AMAZING person &amp; doctor since (5 months later). Dr Olson is quite possibly the most sincere, most caring, most genuine, and one of the BEST human beings I have ever met as well as being an AMAZING doctor! I have met &amp; dealt with a ton of doctors in the last 5 months, and Janelle FAR exceeds them all in all in aspects! She is truly one of the best people I've ever known &amp; I don't believe another doctor would have been successful with my mothers case...we owe her life to Janelle Olson &amp; Dr Jay Page...also a fantastic individual and doctor. So much gratitude, love &amp; praise to both of them! May God  always Bless them both! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	Great surgeon.  Went in for an emergency lappy appendicitis one day and drove home the next day.  a day at the beach. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	BEST surgeon in Tucson! HIGHLY recommended! VERY caring, knowlegable, and accurate. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	He is one of the most caring doctors I have ever had.  He explains what is going on.  He is not hurried, ergo his on time rating.  Ha!  I thank God for doctors like him.   I know that he will take good care of me and my issues.  	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
69	1	Great, caring, knowledgeable doctor.  Really helped my family and I when we needed him most.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
69	1	This Doctor had been excellent for years.  But then a problem developed.  His nursing staff  dwindled down to one person.  A person who is too set in her ways to absorb new knowledge.  I have heard her yell at patients for asking questions that she can not answer! I have seen her refuse to address a patient's concerns, simply because she didn't know an answer. I have heard her belittle patients to get them to stop asking questions.  Because this nurse was the only person who could do my blood work when Dr. Olshan was my Oncologist, I had to find a new Doctor.  I need the nurse who works on me to be up to date with knowlege and kind.  The nurse at that office is not.  It is too bad that such a great Doctor can not rectify this situation.  It is too important to ignore.  I felt the need to warn others so no one else gets sub-standard treatment from this nurse. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	This Doctor goes the extra mile to have up to the day info on best way to treat each cancer.  He is both straight-forward and compassionate. When he's not on time it's because he is giving each patient as much time as they need to fully understand whats going on.  Answers all questions and not afraid to say &quot;I don't know&quot; and then truly get back with you when he finds out!  Any question or concern called in is answered same day.  Feels like one is really cared for by someone very knowledgeable and competent. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	Dr. Ozimek was very personable and kind.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
71	1	I have had female issues all my life and Dr. Oehler is the only gyn that extended herself to explore, find, and correct my issues.  After surgery I am pain free, healthy and menapause symptoms are at a minimum.  She is the only gyn Dr. I would see or recommend. You're the best Dr. Oehler.  So is the staff.  Thank You soooo much...  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
71	1	Dr. Oehler is a fantastic Dr. She is the best OBGYN I would have never considered going to another anyone else! Dr. Oehler delivered all 3 of my kids. She took special care and concern with each one. She made sure to note all of my concerns and spent time with me when I had questions.  The kind of care she showed with my children was first rate! She was easy to talk to and knew what she was doing 100% 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
71	1	Dr. Oehler is AMAZING! Had my first child with her, and could not have asked for better. She performed my c-section, with great ease and I have no scarring. Wish I still liverd in Arizona to deliver my 2nd.  No doc compares! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
71	1	I have delievered 4 babies with Dr. Oehler and I think she is the best!!! She is very conservitive with your health and is always extremely on top of your health.I have never seen even an ounce of egotism in the past 9 years of her as my OB. She truely cares for each patient and takes her time with you. Very gentle nature. I've had huge babies and she has never pushed me to have a c section like the lady said above. I giver her my highest recommendation!!! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
71	1	Dr Oehler is an amazing doctor. She was so helpful with my concerns and thoroughly explained all options/scenarios. She delivered my 2nd baby and it ended up being a c-section. I was so happy with that decision and you can't even tell I have a scar! She really made sure I knew what to expect about my choice for c-section (I have had a prior vaginal birth as well).  I continue to refer all my friends and family to her! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
71	-1	I never saw the doc, it was awlays the nurse, i went in t get questions answered, and they put in my chart that i had a pap  done when they told me to call when i wanted one done. They got my medical records mixed up.  they said that when i went to get a womans checkup 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
71	1	I found this doctor caring and listened to my concerns.  Never rushed me out of office,answered all questions.   Good surgeon, but i dont like my scare though 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
71	1	Dr Oehler is fantastic!! She is a wonderful listener and great surgeon. Her staff is great. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
71	1	Dr. Oehler has been a wonderful doctor to deal with.  She is patient with questions, takes the time to make sure I understand all that I'm undertaking.  She is very protective of her older moms especially those of us who are older first time moms.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
71	1	This is my 3rd pregnancy with Dr. Oehler and she is wonderful.  I had a vaginal birth with her the first time and a c-sectin the 2nd time.  Both her and I are now going to attempt a v-back.  She always listens to her patients and does whats ever best for the unborn child.  I now also send my 16 year old daughter to her for her check ups. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
71	1	I used Dr Oehler for my OB care and was very happy wih the whole experience. She was very informative and professional and was also very personal during a very important time in my life.  I will never leave her! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
71	-1	She was very judgemental. I did not feel comfortable sharing anything with her after that. She seem to have a huge ego. She was not every helpful at all. I would not recommend her at all.  	3	4	1	2 	Insurance:Humana
71	-1	This doctor has a high section rate. She seems very scared of the birth process. Keeps encouraging c-section. 	3	3	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
72	-1	This doctor is so rude. He act like he is immortal. He is the most rude person I ever meet. He is not approachable. Hard to understand. If you ask him a question he get mad and yell at you. He's attitude creates trauma towards the patients instead a healing environment. 	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
72	-1	Impossible to understand this man. When we would ask him to repeat his question, he would get an awful attitude about it.  His bedside manner is awful.  My experience with this doctor (nigerian credentials) and the hospital were AWFUL to say the least.   Stay away from Arrowhead Hospital for your own good. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
73	-1	Do not see this man if you are overweight, he seems to have a major issue with fat women. I am also a senior, so perhaps he hates older women also.   I was treated with immense contempt, even cruelty, and I was refused treatment due to allegedly being too high risk.  Of course I am now under treatment by another doc who has no such issues.   As a previous reviewer mentioned, you are hustled through the office at high speed.  I am suffering from chronic pain issues that affect my mobility,  so this rush was painful and unnecessary for me.  My BP was taken immediately after my excruciating trip, so naturally it was an artificially high reading, but still a cause for further contempt from this completely arrogant, nasty, unprofessional, hateful man.  I would not recommend him for yard work.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
73	-1	This doc is worthless. Being my first pregnancy and not knowing what to expect he didn’t give me any details or what to expect. I was not impressed with him at all. It was always weird when he came in to the room. The visit was about 3 min long. The staff was very unfriendly as well. As the medical assistant check you in, and show you what room you need to go to, it felt like I had to run to keep up with them. By the time I was turing the corner she was in the back of the hallway. I finally moved because it was crazy. Every time i had something new or other changes in my body I had to go online and do research even though I asked the doc to tell me what to expect in the next 4 weeks since i don’t see you. Bottom like it is not a doc that I recommend to anyone. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	Dr. Osburn is a very caring and knowledgeable OBGYN. He did my hysterectomy and I felt totally confident in his abilities as a surgeon. His after-care was top-notch, and he answered all my questions thoroughly and honestly. He has a sense of humor, is personable and kind. The staff at the Prescott Women's Clinic cannot be beat. I've heard nothing but good things about all the doctors there. I feel I can rely on Dr. Osburn and this clinic for high quality care.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
73	1	Dr. Osburn delivered both of my children and did a beautiful job both times. He was very supportive of our birth plan which made us feel respected and allowed us to have the natural birth we wanted.  His staff has always been very professional and helpful.  I highly recommend him and the Prescott Women's clinic.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
73	1	Dr. Osburn and his staff incredibly punctual, very professional and have a strong desire to help and heal their patients. He has a better bedside manner than any female OB/GYN than any I have seen. We had a late miscarriage and Dr. Osburn had us admitted to the Labor and Delivery where I was allowed to deliver our angel in peace and with the assistance of all the wonderful nurses at YRMC. I was told that not many Dr.'s care enough to do that. Dr. Osburn stayed with us the whole time. He is now our Dr. for this pregnancy and he has been thorough and understanding to our needs. As long as we reside in Prescott, he will be our Dr. My husband and I highly recommend Dr. Osburn and the Prescott Women's Clinic.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
74	-1	Dr. Ofori let my sister die.  She was under his care for three years.  The last few months she was having problems breathing.  When she told him, he said &quot;what do you expect&#63; You're a smoker.&quot;  He started giving her antibiotics for pheumonia. He gave her three different rounds of them.  He never took a chest x-ray.  Let me say that again, HE NEVER TOOK A CHEST X-RAY, EVEN AFTER SHE REQUESTED ONE.  Her neck started hurting her, so she went to a chiropractor.  He took an x-ray that day, and called her the same afternoon to say she must get to a doctor or hospital immediately.  She had a large mass in her lungs.  She went by ambulance to the ER the following Sunday morning, because she couldn't breath.  She died a week and a half later. She never had a chance to fight. I am so angry.  She trusted him with her life.  She had children and grandchildren. She was only 53. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
74	0	Too often feel discounted by this doctor. Office takes weeks sometimes to return phone calls. Has consistently written my monthly prescription every month for two years incorrectly, thus causing delays, and aggrivation. He did a drug screen on me without ever getting my consent (came back clean of course, but still he never asked). He has yanked me off of medications without discussing it with me first (had to bring in patient advocates to stop him from making a big mistake). The ONE time he actually called me by phone, he hung up on me because I couldn't understand him.  I told him I was in a crowded public place and needed a moment, but he refused... plus he has a VERY thick african accent and is difficult in person. I thought this to be extremely rude and unnecessary. I gave him no reason to hang up on me. I am a conscientious, professional person who knows how to communicate with others but it doesn't matter with him. I will replace him ASAP. 	3	2	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
75	1	Dr Ortiz fit me into the schedule on short notice. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
75	1	Good and thorough. Great hygienist. Saved me money once by salvaging a gold cap that had popped off - the temporary repair has lasted over 15 years! A bit overzealous in wanting to drill on teeth that show minimal decay that didn't yet impinge severely on the enamel. 		5	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
76	1	Dr. Omar is a very intelligent, kind and patient individual.  She takes time with her patients and I have never felt rushed or ever left without all my questions being addressed. I highly recommend Dr. Omar to my friends, family, customers and co-workers. I have been a nurse for 20 years and I couldn't be more happy with Dr. Omar.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
76	-1	This Dr will only EVER spend 15 min with ea patient.  No matter what is wrong.  She doesn't AT ALL LIKE WHEN YOU BRING IN A LIST OF YOUR HEALTH COMPLAINTS!!!  The first time I was ever there,she did a pap smear to me.  This last time I seen her, I was asking her female questions, and she said I'd need to ask my regular OBGYN.  I wanted to change from a med I really cannot take, and its supposed to be for pain.  And she wants me to see a specialist, just to get some pain relief!!!  Also, Id called the office 3 times to talk to her nurse, who never returned my calls.  And ever since I've went there and before, ive been on 200 mg of my anti depressant, and she claims I havent!!!!  im NOT AT ALL HAPPY WITH THEM!!!  IM ALREADY LOOKING FOR A NEW PRIMARY!!!!!!!  Dr Omar, is definitely NOT VERY KNOWLEDGABLE ABOUT MY HEALTH CONDITIONS!!!  Scary!!!!  (Gerd,Fibromyalgia, Arthritis, Migraines, Depression, etc... ) 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Humana
77	1	I saw Dr. Olmedo for a rash.  He and his staff were very professional and spent much time with me.   I would definitely see him again! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
77	1	I have been to many dermatologists prior, but few run on time and spend much time with the patient.  Dr. Olmedo was right on time and performed a full body skin check which I have never had done before.  He even looked at my scalp and toes!!  He took the time to carefully explain things in terms I could clearly understand.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
77	-1	Took my 6yr old daughter to see Dr. Olmedo about a small bump on her cheek. He said it was a mole that was forming. Within a month, the bump was gone...that was almost 2 yrs ago. Guess he doesn't know his &quot;moles&quot; very well. Will not return to see him. 	3	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
77	1	Extremely polite, professional, friendly upbeat personality.  Dr. is highly knowledgeable and thorough.  Great staff. Dr. Olmedo listens carefully and answers questions thoroughly.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
78	1	Take my 3 kids to see her and they LOVE her! This was the first doctor that my youngest would let get near him without crying.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
79	0	He was okay but sometimes I felt he did not know what he was doing. Staff was mean and rude. I had to wait 2 hours to see him. They would double book patients. I would never go back to that office.  But maybe I would just see him in the hospital 	1	1	3	3 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
79	-1	this doctor leaves much to be desired.He does general practice as well as speciality and I think he is in over his head. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	Good listener and very knowledgeable. Highly respected by other doctors in the area. Makes hospital calls. Genuinely interested in me as a patient.  	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:Medicare
80	-1	I took my patient to Dr. Opila who would just kept treating her for a chronic bladder infection and would not order a CT scan. She had a fistula that poured feces into her bladder - almost died.  She also had shingles; he dramically increased her cortisone med. and she was a wreck, nor did he do much for the pain.  We switched physicians. 	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	I saw a few other internists that did not listen to my problems or conerns.  Finally I found Dr. Opila and he is a great Dr. who is very knowledgeable about many different areas (although we have differing ideas on my thyroid problems) and he takes the time to listen and try to get to the bottom of the problem.  The staff is super friendly and helpful and always accomodating.  I would rank Dr. Opila and his staff at the top.      	5	2	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
81	-1	Nice front office personnel. Doctors assistant seems distant, and not so friendly. I have had continued problems post foot surgery.  Dr. can't seem to fix the problem. I will find a new surgeon for follow-up.  	4	4	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
82	1	Personable, very knowledgeable.  Inspires confidence in his patients by actually knowing what he is talking about and being able to explain things on the level of each individual's understanding of medical terminology.  Takes as much time as needed to answer questions and diagnose, but seldom if ever is late for appointments.  He knew more about some of my medical issues than the specialists I had gone to in the past did.  Very conscientious, but also funny and pleasant to be around.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
82	1	Good Bedside Manner.  Wife is Office Manager.  	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Aetna
83	1	 	5	5	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	. one  of the best pcp i have ever had i had had festus   lol   for some years 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
84	-1	He told me my leg was swollen from to much sodium intake that was not the problem. He does not return calls 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	First of all I don't understand why some people mark a Doctor down for wait time. If the Doctor is great he spends more time with each patient if needed. When he is seeing you , your time with him is important; you don't want him to run you out because he is trying to keep a schedule. Dr Ott is busy because he is a genius, he is worth waiting for.  I had a total hip replacement, I went home the next day, I was walking around the house with no assistance less then 36 hours after surgery. Never used a walker again. I saw Dr Ott for a follow up 10 days later, I was doing great. On the 13th day I started swimming laps in the pool, feeling like I got my life back. No more limping or pain, even sleeping on my surgical side like I have not been able to do in 3 years. It is now 3.5 weeks and I have almost forgot about the surgery, I feel like a new man.I have regained complete flexibility, I can touch my toes and put on my own shoe again.   It feels like a miracle! Thank You Dr Ott 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
85	1	I was not previously aware of this site.  Dr. Ott performed back surgery on me 23 years ago (when I was only 30) and I consider him the next best thing to God.  I was facing a wheelchair and have been terrific for 23 years now.  I saw him again after a car accident and he was just as wonderful in his treatment then, though I did not require surgery again.  I highly recommend him! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
86	0	Things started fine and they all seemed friendly but we ran in to some problems that they simply wouldn't address. We were prescribed basically the most expensive contacts out there but they hurt my wife's eyes enough that she can't wear them and Dr. Ornstein literally would not offer any other advice or option besides &quot;blink more&quot; even after going in for and paying for follow-up appointments to specifically address the issue. I also ran in to a problem for which the Dr and receptionist gave me opposite answers and when i tried to clear it up they both interrupted me mid-sentence and told me to talk to the other person - so I decided to just leave and write off another appointment fee. Also, my wife is an attractive girl and said she felt uncomfortable with Dr. Ornstein because the way he acted with her gave her &quot;the creeps.&quot; Maybe our experience is atypical but none of our appointments went well (or started on time) so based on that I'd advise readers to look elsewhere.  	2	1	2	3 	Insurance:Banner Health
86	-1	The office is nice and that is about all.  I worked for a private OD for 10 yrs so I know I am a bit more pickier than most.  I know the service I provided and I expect that service to me.  His office staff is very unfriendly. When I asked any questions the response was short and exasperated.  They need to remember this is a medical office and not a retail office.  A kindness class would do them wonders.  I wasn't overly impressed with dr either.He was nice but short as well.  I asked a few questions but if I had not I am not sure what I would have been told about my children's eyes! It seemed like they double booked the appointments as my kids had to come in and out of the rooms.  This was bothersome as well!Trying to find a good OD in Surprise has become a harder task than expected.  	1	3	2	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
86	-1	My family and I have used Dr. Ornstein since 2007. Although the doctor himself is very nice, his office staff needs an overhaul. I received 4 bills from his office for 4 conflicting amounts. I called, wrote notes and even went into his office several times over an 8 month period trying to clear up the billing issue. When I did speak to someone they were rude. I left messages for the appropriate people including the doctor to call me back. Not once in 8 months did I receive a call back. I ended up paying the bill with the highest amount owing to keep from going to collections. I would not recommend this doctor to anyone despite his being a nice guy. Dealing with is staff is more frustrating than shopping at Walmart with a screaming 2 year old.  	1	3	1	3 	Insurance:Anthem
