dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
4	1	 Amazing abilities. Performed a 12+ hr Whipple surgery on75 yr old pt who was up and about within 3wks and on the golf course in 8 wks.  Over 2 yrs later, no complaints! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Tricare
4	1	 a knowledgeable doctor who will explain the diagnoses and treatment thoroughly.  He is a good listener and can make sense of what I try to explain.  He is easy to talk to and compassionate.  Dr. Nakazato also communicates well with other doctors in my treatment plan.  He has an office staff of one. She  is friendly, efficient and caring. She handles scheduling of tests, referrals and procedures in a very timely manner.  His hand picked surgical team is also first rate.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
7	1	 Absolutely one of the best doctors I've ever had.  He is very smart, extremely skillful and will keep you apprised of everything you need to know.   And he willingly and patiently answers all questions! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
7	1	comments 	4	4	4	4	Insurance:Unknown
9	-1	commentsVery disappointed with Dr. Nally. Appointments are scarce even for follow up for serious illness/disease. Does not care about his patients. 	1	1	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
9	-1	 This is one of the worst doctors my wife and I have ever worked with.  She was pregnant and her iron was low, this doctor made her take three consecutive blood iron tests (iron consecutively getting lower over three weeks). He was going to make her take a fourth test.  We lost the child after the third test.  We took the three results to her obgyn and she stated he was neglagent.  She sent us to a hemotologist, and that doctor also confirmed his negalgence.  If you like being herded like cattle, giving away your money, and treated like a 2nd class citizen, Dr. Nally is the Dr.  for you!!!! 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:United Healthcare
9	0	 Worst experience I have ever had. Appt was rushed. Wouldn't fill my pain med without an MRI, assumed I was a drug shopper.They called in 2 meds that weren't covered by insurance.Called back that day, left a message.It was the Wed before Thanksgiving. They called me back 1 week later. They said I had to come in to have my meds changed! I told them I never got meds, my information was exactly the same. I gave up, made an appt the following week. They forgot to schedule the MRI until I asked. I went back to meet with the PA Brad Hall and he was rude &amp; cold. I had bad back pain, MRI confirmed serious situation, gave me 1/2 the amount of pain pills and made me sign a form saying I wouldn't drink alcohol or sell the medicines! I realize that middle class women do that but I wasn't asking for extra, or more than prescribed originally. I left.  New to the area I forgot the address of the xray place &amp; they claimed I never had xray! Had to call insurance co for address - got copies for new Dr!! 	2	4	2	3	Insurance:Aetna
9	1	 Dr.Nally is I believe the most efficient and caring doctor that i have ever met. Not to mention he is extremely knowledgable. He actually listens patiently to all my concerns and problems in the most compassionate unrushed way. And being in the healthcare field and as a pharmacist dealing with many doctors and office staff everyday, I can honestly say that this doctor is brilliant and has an amazingly caring staff.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
9	0	 as a new patient i went for a wellnes physical. i felt very rushed and the doctor had 2 assistants with him ,both non-medical. when i asked questions he was willing to answer but seemed in a great hurry.  	3	4	2	3	Insurance:Humana
9	1	 Dependable and efficient office staff, Dr. Nally is very thorough and knowledgeable.  Great job! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
9	1	 Dr. Nally is very detailed and caring.  Takes as much time as neccessary for each patient which may cause him at times to run slightly behind.  I would reccomend Dr. Nally to anyone, any palce.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
9	1	.  Excellent, friendly, handsome and knowlegable and he speaks excellent English!!! 	5	4	4	5	Insurance:Medicare
9	1	comments 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	commentsvery nice and knowledgeble. always returned my phonecalls and I wasn't an easy pateint.  all her pateints that I spoke to in the waiting room rave about her and being her pateint for two years I agree completeley.  I recommend her to all my family and freinds and they feel same. 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
13	-1	 Very bad experience, will not be going back. I had a broken toe I had x-rays done at the ER took them to her and I was told I need new once ok....I was seen by her partner never even meet her, then I get a call stating that Dr. Nakra had read the x-ray and I was getting scheduled for surgery the next week.  I was never talk to about surgery they also stated that my ded.was not met so I had to pay $2000 before surgery.  	4	1	1	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	1	 Great doctor. I was referred to her by my doctor who also had surgery by her.  He said she is the best foot surgeon in town and he was right.  She is also very nice and easy to talk to.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Humana
13	-1	 I was misdiagnosed and pushed towards surgery without ever meeting Dr. Nakra. I visited the office four times and each appointment was with the doctor, but I was always placed with an assistant. It has been a year and I am still being charged for costs I have taken care of. The next doctor I visited figured out my injury after one X-ray. I spent over $200 on Dr. Nakra's office for nothing more than an X-ray and bad advice. I know I could be the exception, but this is still bothering me over a year later.  	3	2	1	2	Insurance:Banner Health
13	1	commentsI would recommend her without any hesitation.  Answers questions and thorough in her response.  Very pleased and happy with treatment and outcome. 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	 very satisfied and pleased. I obtained multiple opinions from different surgeons.  And picked her since professional, responsive and ethical. Ankle that I had surgery on doing very well. I have sent several of my friends to her and they have had same results. Thanks Doctor N.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	1	 Dr. Nakra removed a bunion &amp; I had NO pain for 24 hours &amp; minimal pain after that. My foot is beautiful!She plans for all your needs after surgery &amp; I am so pleased with the whole experience.  She is very knowledable and so kind& upbeat! 	4	3	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	-1	 ...very disappointing experience.  First, they completely misdiagnosed my case (Another podiatrist confirmed this with an MRI).  Then they charged me $600 for orthodics I was PROMISED my insurance would cover.  Six months later, Dr. Nakra's office refuses to even talk to me about my dissatisfaction.  Even a certified letter I send expressing my concerns/questions was ignored.    Frankly, I would expect better customer service from a used car salesman! 	1	2	1	1	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:$60
13	-1	 The staff see's you more than the dr.  only 3 visits I saw the dr. at the time of surgery she was late and never came out to talk to my daughter who was with me.I did not know anything until the follow-up and asked her how it was, she replied I gave you the results after your surgery, she meant when I was under the anastasia. I am still hurting from the same area. I wouldn't go back to her. She's always rushing and don't listen what you have to say. I don't recommend this dr. i was charged for things that my insurance covered I had to fight my monies back and it was a nightmare,I wonder how many patients are being charged twice like I was. Her front desk employees not very pleasant. i will never go back and if I was you please think twice before you consider her as your dr. Please pay attention to the ratings.  	2	1	2	2	Insurance:United Healthcare
13	1	 She isvery helpful, knowledgeable and caring in all aspects of the care process.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
13	0	 5 hours late for surgery/Dr. never talked to spouse in waiting room during recovery... have no idea how surgery went. Left hospital 10 hours after arrival for what should have been a simple outpatient procedure.  	3	1	2	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	1	commentsMy great grandmother thinks she is kind and patient and respectful.My teenager cheerleader daughter finds her cool.Five generations in our family see her for all foot and ankle problems and surgeries.Dr Nakra is fabulous. 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	 I have had two surgeries performed - on different foot - and found the pre- and post-operative care excellent.  I am normally seen within 10-15 mins of appointed time.  Usually in and out within the hour (which many times includes x-rays).  All my questions have always been answered in a professional manner by her and her partner.  The more experienced office staff appear to do a good job training new staff.  I found Dr. Nakra via another physician who recommended her highly - and he was right.  As a nurse (which is unknown to them) I find this office and staff refreshingly good.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	1	 Dr Nakra's office and her staff are fabulous!!  They reacted to my injury with confidence and efficiency.  The Dr. explained to me my treatment plan and executed it without any issues.  During the time frame for recovery Dr. Nakra and her staff where sympathetic to my issues and were conerned with my pain.  I felt like I really mattered to the Dr. and Staff.  I would recommend her to everyone I know.  I love this office.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	1	commentsboth myself and my wife saw DrNakra.  My wife had seen two other doctors here and two in Idaho.  The doctors in Idaho did surgery on my wife but the pain did not go away.  The doctors that we saw in Arizona also could not get better.  It just happened that we seem to run into all these people who are Dr Nakra patients.  All of them are very pleased with her so we went and saw her.  It has been 3 months since we last saw Dr Nakra and my wifes foot is completely pain free.  So we are very grateful for her help and pleasant demeanor.  For me, she diagnosed melanoma on my leg.  This is something that could have ended my life.  And now I am cancer free.  Also we lost insurance since we both my wife and myself got laid off.  We spoke to the doctor and her office since we could not pay our bills.  They were generous to write off all our balances.  Thank you and god bless this office and their families. 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
13	0	commentsWell I'm not sure how the doctor is on knowledge because after surgery she was supposed to come out and see me and my wife but there was a know show. We had to call the office the next day to find out what was done and why I had a pin coming out of my foot and what were the after surgery guidelines. When I saw her 2 more times for follow ups she was very rushed and never did explain things very well to me. I saw the other doctor the other times and was discharged. I still have problems with my right foot and I'm seeing another doctor now that has helped me alot more and explained things to me. I you do need to watch the billings I have caught a few double charges that the insurance did not pay and they tried to bill me for them. 	2	2	2	4	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	 My diabetic friend has been an ongoing patient with Dr. Nakra.  She has helped my friend regain feeling in her feet and has been very supportive when she had to have a toe amputated.  Dr. Nakra is determined to keep my friend from having any further complications and goes out of her way to keep her coming back to stay on top of her treatment.  She's a wonderful doctor and person.  God Bless her.  	5	3	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	-1	 I was supposed to see Dr Nakra instead I saw her colleage. However Dr Nakra is the one who looked at my x-rays, diagnosed me, ordered an mri, and evaluated an mri without ever seeing me the patient. Both my mother and I found that this office will try to push unneeded or ineffective treatments on you if they cant really do anything for you.  They are great at what they do but be a savvy consumer and always ask is this necessary/what are my options&#63; 	3	1	2	2	Insurance:United Healthcare
13	1	commentsThis surgeon is worth the wait.  She is the best in town. We did some checking on her and she is well known in the country. Excellent bedside manner, extremely humble (and my son and husband find her very attractive). I am grateful to her since she took care of my son, did surgery on his ankle and now he is back competing at the state level after a car accident in which he nearly lost his life. 	5	3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	 Plan a 1 hour wait and about 30 minute in the exam room. We have been going there for 2 months weekly, we have tried first appointment, mid-day, never seems to change.  Always approximatly a 1 hour wait, then in exam room we wait around 15 - 30 for a brief face to face.  She is first rate on knowledge and fixes the problem, staff could use a personality.   They are extreamly quite and presents a &quot;don't bother me attitude&quot; 	2	1	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
13	1	commentsThis podiatrist is one great doctor!  Went to her upon learning of a bone infection in my foot.  Her expert knowledge and fine skills as a surgeon saved my foot after a long, hard battle. She never quit believing that it could be done and was always as positive as she could be.  Even provided that last hope, when I was faced with the prospect of having to decide on removing the foot to get on with life.  I can highly recommend this lady to anyone suffering from foot problems.  She's the very best of the best!! 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	commentsshe saved my husband's life and leg - most humble and thorough surgeons I have met - god bless her 		3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	commentsThis doctor goes the extra mile for his patients, is very understanding and compassionate and established rapport immediately with my son which is not easy. He has made a remarkable difference in my son's life and many others from what I have heard from friends and family. His reputation is excellent and it was difficult to get appointments as a result. I was surprised about the other comment made on this website which I think was very inaccurate and overly critical. There are many satisfied customers that have not written here. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
14	-1	 Inital visit was ineffective. Docotr had prior knowledge of my condition but asked very routine questions. Did not provide medical evaluation prior to recommeding medication. Sent me home with a list of drugs to evaluate on internet without explanation. very poor patient/doctor relationship. Caused me great anxiety after first visit. More could have been accomplish on first visit since he had my records already.  		4	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	-1	commentsDr. Namjoshi saw our child and we were not impressed. He was rude and did talk down to my wife. He is not someone I would recommend. Front desk staff was also discussing other patients in a negative way and they were complaining about how a family comes into the office too much. Not professional. Sick room and well side are not even truly divided. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	 My son is 6 yrs old and has been our primary doc since. He is so knowlegable! And always speaks to you with respect and explains things in a way you can understand.  I recently had a new baby and he has taken great care of him as well! 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
17	1	 Very good and knowledgeable doctor. Also very responsible and he will call and follow up if the condition is serious.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:$15
17	-1	commentsVery rude. Talks down to parents. Staff in experienced. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	.  Great staff and wonderful Doctor 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	 Dr. Nabong is an outstanding pediatrician. Not only is she a very competent practicioner, she is easy to approach with questions or concerns. This is especially helpful for new parents. Dr. Nabong makes rounds to area hospitals 7 days a week and is on call at any time of day or night. I would highly recommend her to any parent looking for a great pediatrician.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	1	commentsThe front office lady has been very rude to me on several occasions! And the waiting time is ridiculous! The Dr. is very knowledgeable and nice. 	2	1	4	4	Insurance:Unknown
36	-1	 The office staff is absolutely terrible:  lost some of my records, refused to use the correct paperwork for for my lab work even when requested which resulted in problems getting the lab to run the appropriate tests, then they couldn't find the lab results in their office.  Office environment is not very clean so I won't even consider having any procedure done in this office.  Had to wait over 2-1/2 hours past my appointment time for a 10 minute meeting which just covered my lab work.  Doctor spends too much time reminiscing about his past when he should be listening to his patient.  I'm still symptomatic and have no answers.  I think it might be time for him to consider retirement.  I will not be returning and am going to request a referral to different physician.  Very disappointed and unsatisfied.  	1	1	1	2	Insurance:United Healthcare
36	0	 At each appointment, we had to wait for more than 1.5 hrs. The doctor keep forgetting things and asked repeated questions,which made us worry more. We had to call back 3-4 times on the results of the lab. Anyhow, have asked for a release from the doctor.  	1	1	3	3	Insurance:Aetna
36	0	 The first red flag was that I was able to schedule an appointment within a week of my call - unheard of with a specialist.  I waited in the waiting room quite awhile, then when the dr. saw me, he seemed way more interested in talking about what my husband does for a living.  The front staff is truly awful: an unintelligible man and a woman who loudly described - in front of the whole waiting room - how I would have to collect my urine for the next appointment. I made an appointment with another endo (3 months in the future), canceled my follow-up with Dr. Nagul's office and told them to take me off their patient list.  A very poor experience and I would definitely recommend new patients steer clear.  	1	1	1	5	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:$30
36	-1	 Disgrace of a provider. How can you expect to have patients return to you when your staff treats your patients so poorly. Rude staff should = you have no patients.  	1	1	1	3	Insurance:Aetna
36	1	 Staff was very friendly and helpful.  Dr. Nagul is an interesting person and cares about his patients.  The wait times are a little long due to the fact that he takes plenty of time with his patients to make sure you understand what he is reviewing. Highly recommended.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
36	-1	 The front office is a disaster, but the head always wags the tail. So figure it out. Not worth the grief or wait time to talk politics with this doctor!!!!Did not diagnose my pernicious anemia even though I had all the classic symptoms and it is often linked with Grave's disease. Find another doctor.  	1	1	1	3	Insurance:United Healthcare
36	-1	 My appointment was at 9am. The last who checked me in was rude. She also told me she couldn't find my referral nor my labs even though when they called to confirm the appointment time I asked her to verify she had them. After I told her she had them she asked the other girl in the office, who did have them. Wouldn't you ask her first before telling me I can't be seen&#63; Currently I am sitting in the exam room. It is cluttered with all kinds of diabetes supplies. It is 10:15 and a few minutes ago I watched the doctor walk in. Now how was I scheduled for a 9am when the doctor won't be there for another hour. I feel that it is just rude making me sit here for no reason. It is completely unprofessional to show up a full hour after you are already scheduled. Does he not see his scheduling books&#63; Not only that but I was not the first appt of the day. I have to wait for him to finish with that patient before I am seen. Staff was unapologetic.  	1	1	1	3	Insurance:Banner Health
36	0	 Dr. Nagul's office has the worst wait time ever, I have never been to any physician and had to wait for 3-4 hours, OMG! The staff is rude and won't give you the time of day. I have been rescheduled and had to wait for another month before I could get another appointment, but they can call you and reschedule without much notice :( The doctor is very knowledgeable, but doesn't listen to a word I have to say, very short and hard to understand.  	1	1	1	5	Insurance:Banner Health
36	1	.  he is a very good dr wait is long but it is really worth it he takes his timw and explains everything to u 	5	3	5	5	Insurance:AetnaPaid/Co-pay:$25
36	1	 Dr. Nagul is one of the most brilliant doctors in Phoenix. He diagnosed a problem with my thyroid that eluded others. The loss of his long time staff led to a period of very, very bad service.  Things are looking up and prescription refills are actually happening.  Long waits.  Yes. What makes it worse is the complaining from others waiting who are NOT NEW patients.   A small price to pay for a physician who does not rush through his appoitnments 	3	2	4	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	-1	 Office is out of control.  Dishoveled.  Staff overworked and unorganized.  	1	1	1	3	Insurance:AetnaPaid/Co-pay:$15
36	1	 This doctor is nice, easy going and knowledgeable. However, if your appointment is at 9 AM, don't expect to see the doctor until 11:30. You will wait at least two hours to see him. Plus, his staff is not at all organized. If you're having blood work sent the them and you follow up to see if they got it, they'll tell you it never arrived. Then, they'll put you on hold to look for it and say it did arrive.  Of course, once you show up for your appointment, again they can't locate the blood work! 	1	1	3	4	Insurance:CIGNA
36	0	 My visits always 2 to 3 hour waits(4 visits).  Very busy.Cant get in for 2 to 3 months, they have called me to re-schedule twice. Phones dont stop ringing. Staff obviously overworked but were nice, others patients waiting said &quot;use to be much worse with old staff&quot;. Hard to understand the DR, he can be rude when you ask questions. Next appointment in 4 months, plenty of time to find a new ENDO!             Mrs.  H 	5	1	2	4	Insurance:Aetna
36	1	 this office has horrible wait times, plan on a couple hours before you see him. BUT he is knowledgeable if you can understand him. he does go over the results over the phone which i appreciate. his office staff can be difficult but i think they are overworked. but they freely give you copies of your labs, and reports and will FAX lab orders in for you.  	5	1	4	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
36	1	commentsDr. Nagul is very thorough and detailed.  He treats the patient - not just the condition.  He is very kind and understanding.  He takes a conservative approach being very careful not to over medicate.  I have been very satisfied with Dr. Nagul.  However, I have had difficutly with his office staff finding them to be inconsiderate and sometimes rude.  When attempting to call Dr. Nagul's office, I often have to call an call as I regularly get a busy signal. 	2	2	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	commentsDr. Nagul is helpful when I am able to speak with him. Getting appts is difficult, and his office staff rarely returns phone calls. Get rid of his office staff, and his services would be wonderful! 		2	4	4	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	commentshe is very helpful and very polite he is the best there is.I speak from my own experiens.Thanks to him i am a whole person again.Dr.Nakaji should be on the list of doctors 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	 excellent neurosurgeon and also very personable. the surgery was successful even though some unforeseen difficultie arose  during surgery. Patient is now totally healed.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Humana
44	1	 He was so attentive, nice, dilligent, and was very pleased with his bed side manor,,He was awesome..  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
50	1	commentsVery easy to talk with and a great listener. One of the best that I've had to deal with at the VA. 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	commentsShe wouldn't do anything in your mouth that she wouldn't do in her own.  She's a very kind, skillful, intelligent doctor,and I wouldn't choose anyone else. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	commentsgood dependable service 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	 Like Dr very much. Not rushed. She was helpful and listened to me.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
56	1	commentsDr. Nadir is now based in Mesa and is great!  Very helpful, knowledgeable and caring.   The office staff is also very friendly and patient oriented. 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
56	0	 When I first saw this doctor last year I thought she was great, although I saw her in another branch.  Now she only works until 10 AM, multiple requests for a refill request from the pharmacy have gone unanswered. She may be spreading herself too thin, as she works at 2 hospitals now.  This year I scheduled a physical.  She hardly examined me at all, did the routine bloodwork, did not tell me to reschedule appt for followup.  I have never heard the results of my yearly bloodwork which need to be followed closely due to some meds I am on.  I am SO unhappy with her and the group she works for (not calling me or pharmacy re rx refill) that I am looking for another doctor.  Last year I thought I had found a great doctor, which she may be...but she is doing her patients a great disservice now by not being available.  She should either work at the clinic or not, as she is not doing her clinic patients any good. Too bad, I really did like her last year.  	2	2	2	4	Insurance:Aetna
62	0	commentsI would never go back. It was my first and last visit. She did a physical on me and I didn't think she did much for what she charged. I also didn't like one of her assitants. 	3	3	3	3	Insurance:Unknown
62	0	commentsCan't get a straight answer from her concerning refill. 	4	5	3	2	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	 How sad I was to learn that Dr.Nagamoto no longer has a private practice. He took care of me when I was first diagnosed with my asthma, and other helth issues. He was absolutely one (of very few) of my favorite Doc's. Dr. Nagamoto has the most compassion of ANY doctor I have ever known. While I had multiple health issues, he tackled each one and took the very best care of me. He is &quot;ONE IN A MILLION&quot; doctors. I would travel anywhere, if he had a private practice. Many of us (his patients) will be lost and definitely miss his wonderful, warm re-assuring words. Debbie Wiley----former Patient.. 2004-2006-ish 	3	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
67	1	 In 2004 I was admitted to Chandler Regional for a chronic case of Pheunomia.  Dr. Nagamoto correctly diagnosed Valley Fever and saved my life and helped me cope with Valley Fever.  He will always be held in the highest regards.  He always made as much time as needed to discuss treatments and approaches and proceeded cautiously when required.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	1	commentsThis doctor is excellent. I am sorry that his practice has become limited to the hospital. He correctly diagnosed my mother's sleep apnea and she is still with us thanks to him. He truly cares about his patients and takes the time needed to accurately assess the problem and answer any questions that the patient may have. We will miss him. 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	 I had to wait to see him, but he always took his time with me and was very concerned about my health. He gave me his cell phone number and told me to call him anytime if I had a problem with my medication. He is a great doctor, but he didn't have enough time for his patients because he spent so much time working at the hospital. I would reccomend him to anyone, but he has given up his private practice.  	5	1	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
67	-1	comments$300 co-pay after Blue Cross paid 90% for a 10 minute office visit. Waited for almost 2 hours in waiting room and then had the nerve to charge this enormous fee for a 10 minute exam. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	.  great doctor very supportive and a good listener 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
79	1	 Dr. Nafisi is the absolute best.  Not only is he knowledgeable, he is caring and has a wonderful bedside manner.  Honestly, I found him to be very charming.  This was the first time I wasn't afraid to have a procedure done.  My husband was so impressed with Dr.  Nafisi, that he said that is the cardiologist he would want, too! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
79	0	 Dr. Nafisi is a more than capable Doctor who saved my father's life,but he has no bed side manner to speak of. He is very abrupt, Sarcastic and unproffesional when dealing with the care of his patients and their family. Arguing with paramedics about their keeping him waiting forty minutes in front of my Father and the next morning asking him if he got any sleep and commenting &quot;I didn't ..because of you&quot;(My Father had an emergency stent after suffering a heart attack in the early moring hours)When my father confronted him he argued with a man who just a couple of days before was suffering from a life threating heart attack.  	5	3	1	4	Insurance:Pacificare
79	1	comments 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	commentsMy  experience from consultation  to post op visits with Dr. Nachbar has been completly satisfying. I would go to him again in a heartbeat.  Dr. Nachbar and his staff are all great and my breast augmentation looks better than i imagined it would. Really I am totally satisfied and would recommend him to everyone. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	commentsI was referred to Dr. Nachbar by a friend who also went to Dr. Nachbar she had nothing but good things to say about him and his staff.  I decided to continue with my consultation for lipo and tummy tuck.  I think my choice was the right one.  He does care how you feel offers his # in case you have concerns.  I called him day before surgery at night and he returned my call within 5 min.  He asked questions as to what was making me nervous and talked me though all that I would be goig through the next day.  This calmed me down.  My experience with Scottsdale Osborn where he performed my surgery was the best I have ever experienced.  Staff was very caring my recovery was painless during my stay, they made sure I was kept very comfortable. I am very pleased with my results, best decision I made! Worth the cost! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	 I went in for a consult, so this rating is ONLY on my experience with that.  I found Dr. Nachbar to be fairly impersonal and he allowed the staff to walk in and out of the room where I stood naked during our consult.  I understand that he is &quot;immune&quot; to seeing naked bodies, but it's my body and I'm clearly not anxious to show it to everyone, otherwise I wouldn't be seeking surgery!  Again, I cannot rate his performance, my results, etc...but from my consultation I could tell he was not the right doctor for me.  I felt rushed, perhaps because I'm 35 and not drowning in diamonds he felt that I was a waste of time&#63;  Not sure, just didn't leave with a very good feeling.  	4	4	4	4	Insurance:United Healthcare
84	-1	commentsAvoid!  Went to this doctor to have capsular contracture removed and implants replaced and repositioned.  He said not to get a lift, which I should have.  Not only do I now have &quot;snoopy&quot; appearing breasts, he left half the scar tissue behind in my left breast.  It seems as though he doesn't know how to perform a benelli lift like other doctors would have done. 	2	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
84	0	commentsI would not recommend this doctor.He messed up my face been suffering for years.I asked for refund won't help me and now I have to live deformed.I don't go out in public; hardly ever used to be social happy person--now quiet and won't look at people . 	3	5	3	3	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	commentsI found dr. Nachbar to be an excellent dr. He didn't pressure me and answered all my questions. His  staff was very nice. I felt very comfortable and very satisfied with my results  After surgery I received calls checking to see how I was doing.  I would recommend dr nachbar he is an excellent doctor. Paid/Co-pay:$7800	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
84	-1	commentsPlease no dot use this doctor.  He performed a breast augmentation and rhinoplasty on me. He really messed up my nose.  I had to have it redone by someone else.  The second doctor had to use my ear to repair it. I had a ton of scar tissue and my nose was twisted to the side. I could not breathe out of the lest side of my nose. He offered to fix my nose for the priceof 2500.00.  There was no way he was ever going to touch any part of my body again.  My breast sugery went okay.  My breast hang lower than I expected them to after 2 1/2 years.  I should have realized that I was in the wrong place when he came in and took the implants for another patient when I was trying them on.  I really wish that I would have checked out more doctors before deciding on him.  I liked him on the first visit but that decreased everyitme I saw him. 	3	3	1	3	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	commentsI researched many doctors for my lipo and finally chose Dr. Nachbar.  Since I come from a family of doctors, I was very critical and careful with my selection.  I wanted someone who was highly skilled, had time for me and cared about the result as much as I did.  I made the right choice.  My suggestion is to check out Dr. N's website.  The part that won me over initially was the &quot;soft sell&quot; approach he takes in the &quot;Why Dr. Nachbar&quot; section (he clearly wrote it himself).  I think it provides a really good insight as to his way of thinking ... the only thing I would note is that Dr. N does all his lipos under general anesthsia and in a real surgery center ... the latter is important, but the former (i.e., the anesthia) may be overkill ... although there's psychological benefits to &quot;going to sleep&quot; and waking to be done, I think the increased risk of general may not be worth the cost ... in any event, I did it and it was fine.  Very happy.  A+ doctor. Paid/Co-pay:$5000	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
84	-1	commentsI would not recommend this doctor. I went in for a consultation and I immediately felt uncomfortable with him. I felt like he was trying to sell me on having more surgery. He seemed odd in every way. I would not let him work on me. 	2	2	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
85	-1	 Waited two weeks for the insurance to approve a brain MRI.  Turns out the insurance was waiting for Dr. Rama to DO HER JOB!  The insurance had requested more information and just needed a phone call from her. Now that I have checked ratings, I will switch doctors.  	2	5	1	1	Insurance:United Healthcare
85	-1	 Unless you have MS, don't bother.  I have been experiencing widespread tingling and headaches for several months.  MRI was normal.  She asked me about my headaches and pain level.  I specifically said they were NOT migraines but she kept referring to them as migraines. Did a quick 2 minute exam on me and pronounced Fibromyalgia.  Wanted me to come back in a month - no idea what for, since that is technically a rheumatologist problem! Offered me pain meds which I declined.  Gave me no insights whatsoever.  Don't waste your time.  	2	4	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
87	1	 I hate going to the dentist. I hate finding a new dentist, so when someone recommended Dr. Naik to me 5 years ago, I was skeptical. In those five years, she has only had a few changes in staff, which is GREAT! I get the same hygienist every time. You get to know the staff and their families so it is a very open and friendly environment from the moment you walk in.    Dr. Naik is very knowledgeable and passionate about dentistry and is committed to ensuring that you have a pleasant experience while you are under her care. She is committed to learning everything about her field and makes changes as needed to ensure that you have the healthiest mouth on the planet.     Now that my daughter has all of her teeth, she loves to go to the dentist and have her teeth tickled by Dr. Niak. I have nothing but great things to share, so Thank You Dr.  Niak!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
87	-1	 Nice staff and nice person but AWFUL dental work, sent me back running and begging my old dentist to see me. Can't eat on either side of my mouth since my visit 2 months ago without shooting pains, waiting to see if insurance will pay for me to go get them fixed at my old dentist.  	4	4	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$600
87	1	 Was on time, kind and helpful.  Recommend highly, very nice office! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
87	-1	commentsvery kind lady but very long wait times, very expensive.  Large out of pocket costs because she bills so much.  Didn't like the hygenists..abnormally painful cleaning.  Every one I know that went to her was told they had gingivitis and needed deep cleaning(not covered byh ins) 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	comments 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
98	1	 Amazing doctor. Very professional and helpful.  Plus she is absolutely gorgeous! Win win win combo! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:AetnaPaid/Co-pay:$25
99	1	commentsI starting seeing Dr. Naiman for sever insomnia. From the first day I started working with him until present time I have found him  to be extremely kind,  humorous, patient, knowledgeable and caring.  This man has saved my life.  Curing insomnia is not a quick fix, it takes time, a lot of hard work and dedication on your part.  He has given me tools and has provided me with such a safety zone for support. I am proud to say after suffering for 7 years with insomnia and working with him for a few years I have made tremendous strides towards healthy sleep.  I am sleeping 8-10 hours a night and I feel human again. There aren't enough words to thank Dr. Naiman or to express the level in which he has helped me. I would highly recommend him. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
99	-1	commentsI have read/seen/heard everything Rubin Naiman has produced. Although he seems to know what he's talking about, the fact is none of it was helpful to me and I'm still taking sleeping pills every night. If meditation, yoga, and exercise work for you then save your money and try it on your own. There is nothing else he can do for you. 	3	4	1	3	Insurance:Unknown
99	1	commentsI found Dr. Naiman not only a highly intelligent and caring Dr. but, a truly gentle and warm friend.  Seeking out personal help can be difficult and anxious and my experience with Dr. Naiman was so opposite of that fear that I felt like I had to post here.  Before seeing him i saw the one negative comment here and was puzzled.  I respect the other person's post but, felt like another perspective would be helpful for others facing the anxiety of choosing a good doctor.  He is truly helpful, incredibly knowledgeable,  and has insight I found deeply useful.  Many thanks to Dr. Naiman and much respect. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
99	-1	commentsI had 6 visits, he doesn't take Medicare and all he ended up telling me was I needed to exercise, then kicked me out and said he couldn't help me. I would not recommend him to anyone. 	1	5	1	3	Insurance:Unknown
100	-1	commentsThis has got to be the rudest doctor ever.  I've been havign female issues for quite some time and she isn't the most compassionate.  Billing and office staff are a joke and always like to double charge you.  Steer clear of her and go to someone who is nice and knows what they are doing. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
100	1	 Loved this place... they delivered all 3 of my kids. I have never had an issue with them at all.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
100	-1	commentsOffice staff upbilling &amp; overcharge and then try to get it back.  Office staff rude.  Dr misdiagnosed. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
100	-1	commentsdoesn't call back when promised have to initiate and office staff not helpful. 	1	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
100	-1	commentsnot very thorough doesn't further testing with a biopsy and that is the only way of knowing that medication is needed.  Just assumed. 	1	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
100	1	 I have only been seeing Dr. Nadell since June 2009 when I learned I was pregnant.  She definitely has a no-nonsense attitude which at first can be a little unnerving, but I actually appreciate not having things sugar-coated.  She treats me with respect and doesn't make me feel like I don't know what's going on with my own body/pregnancy, as I know some doctors do.  Sometimes appointments feel a little rushed, but she always takes the time to sit down and answer my questions if I have any.  The office staff has always been great, especially at the beginning when I needed help getting on AHCCCS, they had all the paperwork and seemed very knowledgeable about the whole process.  I had one billing issue, but it was taken care of very quickly.  	5	4	4	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
100	1	 I have been seeing Dr. Nadell for 25 years on and off.  She has been thorough every appt. and I ALWAYS have received a call back.  She may not seem to be the friendliest person in the world but I think its really her no nonsense do you want to hear the facts attitude.  My doctor does not need to be my friend but they need to be a good doctor.  I think she's just fine.  	3	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
100	-1	commentsThis dr can't even diagnose a simple yeast infection.  This went on for 2 years complaining of burning, itching and being uncomfortable.  Office staff are not the best either -- rude. 	1	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
100	-1	commentsThis dr misdiagnosed me and I was taking the medication that she prescribed for a couple of years and finally without much help I decided to go to another dr and came to find out I don't have this problem at all.  She should of ordered further tests to confirm it all. 	1	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
100	-1	commentsThis doctor can't even diagnose a simple yeast infection.  Had to go to someone else.  What a joke. 	1	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
100	-1	commentsDoc does not get back with regarding treatment.  Many calls later and still no answer.  Office staff rude, impolite and snotty at times. 	1	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
100	1	 I have had Dr. Nadell as my gyno for many years now. I love her straight-forwardness. I have had positive experiences with the staff every time. The only concern I had was 2 years ago when I had a complete STD check up with my annual exam. Love the little card which allows you to go online for your results! Two weeks later, I went online to check my results and they had not been posted. I had to call the office for my results which made me nervous wondering whether that meant something was wrong. The receptionist apologized and assured me my results were negative. I'm very pleased with my experiences at that office.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Humana
100	-1	commentsOffice staff not very nice are not knowledge about insurance and mess up all the time.  Dr. doesn't care either. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
100	-1	commentsBecause of her office staff being rude and difficult to deal with, I will look for another doctor.  Whenever they make a mistake, and that is often, they will laugh in your face. 	1	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
100	-1	commentsoffice staff do not know what they are doing and mess up the billing.  Dr N doesn't get back with you when she is suppose to and leaves you hanging. 	1	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
100	1	 I love Dr. Nadell, probably her straightforwardness. It is reassuring to know that if you have a question and leave a message with the staff, you will get a call from Dr. Nadell within a few hours depending on the nature of the call. I lost my baby at 18 weeks, she give me the proper guidance and took personal care of me through the entire abortion procedure. The only negative is that you will get a cold stare and non-friendly attitude from the receptionist.  That's a non-issue as long as the doctor is awesome! 	4	3	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
100	1	 As previously mentioned by others, Dr. Nadell does not pull any punches and tells you how it is.  Some people may prefer to have things sugar-coated, but I definitely appreciated her being straight-forward and to the point.  Her office staff may have changed since I've had my baby, but I never had an issue with any of the staff during my pregnancy.  I never had an issue with my insurance.  I would have no problem going back to Dr. Nadell should I ever decide to have another child.  	4	4	4	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
100	1	 I have been going to Dr. Nadell for 28 years... I have had my ups and downs with her staff, but she is a good Dr. and has a no nonsense attitude. I think some people don't like to hear the truth and she tells it like it is.  	2	4	4	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
100	0	 The office staff are not knowledgeable about insurance; they overcharge you and then you have to fight to get it back.  They won't even apologize.  Dr. N was suppose to give me a call back regading a minor surgery and never did.  This office does not care.  	1	4	2	3	Insurance:United Healthcare
100	0	 I switched my OB/GYN because she had no emotion what's so ever.  Staffs were not very helpful either.  	2	4	2	4	Insurance:United Healthcare
100	1	commentsI picked her as an ob because of her extensive background in ob and all her achievements. However, all the titles in the world can not give you personality I guess. She had really bad bedside manner. She made me feel very uncomfortable and acted very rude. I switched the doctor on the spot! 		4	2	5	Insurance:Unknown
