dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
4	-1	commentsVery Rude Staff.  Once the Dr. asked me to her office, she spent 5 minutes going through her mail before she acknowledged me. Didn't have knowledge of my problem. Poor English. O wouldn't recommend her to anyone. 	2	3	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	 I like her front desk staff, and dr. caltaru has helped my migraines tremendously. She is very intelligent and very helpful.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	 She is very skilled at diagnosis.  Besides myself, she was able to diagnose an issue that other doctors couldn't.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
4	-1	commentsTHIS IS ONE OF THE WORST NEUROLOGISTS I HAVE EVER BEEN TOO. I DONT EVEN THINK SHE CAN SPEAK PROPER ENGLISH AND IT IS RIDICULOUS!! SHE WAS SO UNHELPFUL AND IT WAS JUST SO UNBELIEVABLE HOW RUDE AND CONDESCENDING SHE WAS TO ME AND MY MOM. I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND HER TO ANYONE!! 	2	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
4	-1	.  THIS DOCTOR IS UNBELIEVABLE, THE SERVICE OF HER STAFF IS BEYOND NEGATIVE AND THEY DO NOT KNOW HOW TO TREAT PEOPLE!  MY MOM HAS MS AND HAD TO HAVE PAPERWORK FILLED OUT AND THE DOCTOR SAID TO HER &quot;THIS BETTER BE THE LAST TIME I HAVE TO FILL THIS OUT FOR YOU!!&quot; VERY DISRESPECTIVELY! AVOID THIS DOCTOR LIKE THE PLAGUE! UNBELIEVEABLE! 	1	3	1	1	Insurance:Aetna
4	0	commentsI felt her staff is very unprofessional and unreliable. 		1	3	3	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	commentsVery attentive and listens to you. Very thourogh 		4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	commentsDr. Cadoux is an excellent doctor. His staff is also amazing and I would highly recommend him to everyone who is needing a doctor. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	commentsDr. Cadoux is excellent at what he does.  I have gone to him for years for cosmetic injections and have always been 100% satisfied with his artistry and the prices. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	 I have been with this doctor for many years and he has been very good at keeping me well.  	4	5	4	5	Insurance:Medicare
5	-1	comments 	2	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	 Dr. Califano has helped my husband and I get through the most challenging year of our marriage together.  He is respectful and considerate of both of us.  He has taken the time to contact both of us outside of our sessions by phone, email, and snail mail to follow up on discussions or materials he has provided for us.  Dr. Califano has an outstanding sense of humor that he uses to share his own life experiences with us.  It would be wonderful to have other doctors as knowledgeable and passionate as Dr.  C! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
16	1	 I have used both Dr.s for years and both are very good at what they do with my children's medical issues. I have not had any issues with either doctor and if I don't know something I make sure they explain in detail, so I do understand.  I mean we are paying for their time, are we not&#63; 	3	4	4	4	Insurance:Aetna
16	1	 Dr. Callie was at the hospital right after my son was born, and again at 6am the next morning. He's soft-spoken and can be a little tough to read, but is gentle with the kids and is compatible with a common-sense approach to parenting - e.g., great for a non-panicky parent who doesn't want to make a fuss over bumps and scrapes. Father and son (both Dr. Albert Callie) work as a team, so sometimes we see Sr and sometimes Jr, and they're both good with the kids. They're also very available - I have called in early morning to leave a message requesting a call back, and Dr. Callie has answered the phone (great surprise) and told me just to come in. Sat AM appts available. Office staff are neither super nice nor unhelpful - they're efficient and they get the job done well.  	3	4	4	4	Insurance:Tricare
16	-1	commentsAs a child we attended doctor callies office. So as an adult my husband and I decided to take our son there. When it came time for his circumcision because he was too small at birth my husband could not come i had to take my one month old son by myself they messed up his circumcsion he has alot of scar tissue still! and they called me back there to restrain my own child to get his bleeding under control then proceeeded to scold me as i cried for not holding him hard enough it was a very bad expierience and have been afraid to take my son back to a doctor since then. 	1	2	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	 I've been with her since 1998. She has always been on top of my conditions and been very thorough with me , I think she is an eccelant doctor. She has always been up to date on new treatments.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:HumanaPaid/Co-pay:$15
21	-1	commentsThis doctor needs to retire NOW.  She is seriously lacking knowledge regarding common drug interactions.  She prescribed two drugs that the pharmD said should NEVER be taken together.  We did not fill the scripts and went to another doctor.  This woman is DANGEROUS. 	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
21	-1	 I CAME TH LAKE HAVASU FROM THE MIDWEST AND WAS ACCOSTOMED TO QUALITY MEDICAL FROM CARING AND QUAILFIED PROFESSIONALS.  TO MY SURPRISE, LAKE HAVASU CITY SEEMS TO BE A STAGNANT POND OF MEDICAL PRACTITIONERS THAT COULD NOT POSSIBLY FINE GAINFUL EMPLOYMENT ANYWHERE ELSE.  SHE MAY HAVE BEEN ABSENT IN MEDICAL SCHOOL THE DAYS THEY TAUGHT PROFESSIONAL CONDUCT AND PRINCIPLES, CARING BEDSIDE MANNER, EMPATHY FOR CLIENTS AND TRUTHFULNESS AND FULL DISCLOSURE TO THE PATIENT.  HER OFFICE IS WORN AND TIRED AND  GENERALLY AS APPEARS HER PRACTICE.  THE ENTIRE PACKAGE PROBABLY WORKED WELL FOR HER BACK IN 1970, BUT TIME HAS PASSED HER BY......  tHE STRAW THAT BROKE THE CAMELS BACK FOR ME WAS THE TRUTH ISSUE.  IF YOU CAN'T BELEIVE YOUR DOCTOR IT'S TIME TO FIND A REPLACEMENT.  i COMPLETELY AGREE WITH THE PREVIOUS POSTS, THEY ARE ON THE MONEY.  HEED THE ADVICE.  	2	1	1	1	Insurance:Humana
21	-1	 Dr. Callerame had two abnormally high blood glucose test reports as a result of blood screenings at her office, which clearly confirmed that I had pre-diabetes. In addition, I had numbness in my feet and hands, which was also an indication of this condition. I asked her repeatedly why my hands and feet were numb, especially after eating. She did not tell me I had pre-diabetes. Instead, she sent me from specialist to specialist, omitting in her referral notes that I had abnormally high blood glucose levels. She insisted I had &quot;Carpal Tunnel Syndrome&quot;, whereas the question why I had also numbness in my feet, she left always unanswered. When I changed doctors, my new doctor immediately diagnosed me with pre-diabetes, which was confirmed by an additional blood test. I have been put on Metformin immediately by the new physician, and have been on a diabetes diet since. I don't recommend Dr. Callerame to anybody who is serious about his/her health. She was the worst doctor I ever had.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Medicare
21	-1	commentsDoes not effectively utilize time within her administrative duties resulting in excessive time costs to the patient. Follow-ups on prescriptions, referral information, and insurance issues are left to the patient testing their clairvoyant abilities as the majority of the office is unorganized, out of sync, and unknowledgeable. The Dr. is indifferent, biased, and diagnoses by rote rather than fully understanding the differences in each patient. You may not wait long to see her, but you will wait a substantial amount of time if a prescription, referral, or samples are to be dispensed. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
23	-1	commentsShe was running late, and I felt rushed to get out of the office. To be honest, when we were done I felt like asking for a refund. Next time I will look elsewhere, I felt like a customer not a patient. :( 	2	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	commentsDr Cagno was running about two hours behind but once she got to me she was very professional,helpful and friendly. she spent plenty of quality time listening to my problem and explaining what was happening and what could be done. when she refered me she explained everything about the referral process. overall very friendly and makes up for the wait. 	4	2	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	commentsMy 18 year old daughter has been a patient of Dr. Michelle Carlotti for the past 6 months.  From the moment we walked in the office, my daughter felt comfortable and confident about her surgery.  Dr. Carlotti was extremely knowledgeable, kind and most importantly great at what she does.  Our first experience was great and today we had our second.  My daughters impacted wisdom teeth had to come out and Dr. Carlotti and her staff did a wonderful job of calming my daughters fears and we had another fantastic experience.  Dr. Carlotti and staff give 110% in every way and her perfectionism is just an added bonus to her great bedside manner and skill! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	commentsI was very impressed with the knowledge experience and caring of dr carlotti. I am a very satisfied patient and will refer as many of my  family and friends that I can. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	commentsI went to 4 different doctors for consultations for breast implants. I was referred to Drs. Carlotti by a friend. Dr.Michelle was awesome! She took the time to answer all of my questions.(and I had alot) Her medical knowledge and great attention to detail is something I didn't find with other surgeons. Dr. Michelle made me feel so comfortable. I knew I was in good hands. I am sooo happy with my results and the care I received from Drs. Carlotti. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	commentsI have rated Dr. Albert Carlotti for his work on my lipo-correction but now I'd like to talk about Dr. Michelle Carlotti. When I went to her my breasts were - well, not ideal.I was deathly afraid of mastopexy (the one with the anchor scar) since my girlfriend spent a fortune in NY an came out with nightmare scars and asymmetrical breasts. She said it was the worse decision she'd ever made. However,as I trust Dr. Michelle from our past experience and perused many of her before and after shots I strongly considered the option. What pushed me over the edge was when 3 of her past clients tooktime our of their day to call me and tell me their amazing results. One even spoke of Dr. Michelle correcting heinous scars that other surgeons wouldn't touch. So I did it. I'm 14 days out and they are GORGEOUS!!! Beautiful! Can barely see incisions already and they're only going to get better. She even made my nipples teeny tiny like I wanted them. If you need a mastopexy go see Dr. Michelle!! 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	commentsI have been to Drs Albert and Michelle Carlotti several times over the past few years. They are nothing short of wonderful, skilled, knowledgeable, caring and honest.I was recommended by a friend and since then have referred many friends who are equally pleased. Aside from the fact that they are excellent surgeons with a great staff, they also do an enormous amount of charity work in the community, which speaks to not what kind of Dr's they are, but what kind of people they are. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
26	-1	commentsI had a VERY bad experience with Drs Carlotti.  One that has left me in a very 'self loathing' state when it comes to how I now view my body.  Based off of my experience, I would not recommend either Albert or Michelle to anyone looking to have a positive experience with plastic surgery. For me, I found that no matter how well I communicated what I was preferred and how many pictures I brought in, Dr. Michelle didn't hear/see what I was communicating. She performed surgery based off of her view of what SHE liked.  I have not received any money back, even after my 2nd surgery that was 'supposed' to correct the 1st.  I now have to have a 3rd surgery (new PS). I've already spent a small fortune and now have to spend $18,000 more for corrections.  I rated unhelpful/unknowledgeable because of MY experience and reflects MY option of their skills when it comes to breasts, face and lipo.  I feel like once I paid them, all focus, professionalism and care for ME (the patient) was pushed aside. Paid/Co-pay:$25000	2	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	commentsDr. Carlotti is one of the most outstanding physicians I have ever encountered. She and her husband did both my facelift and my wife's. Her bedside manner is unparalleled. I would only trust my family to her expertise!! We were referred to her/them by another husband and wife couple that they had facelifted (is that a word&#63;) and looked absolutely incredible. Best bedside, best results, and she is so kind you will forget you are in a doctor's office. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
26	-1	comments 	2	2	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	commentsFrom the moment I walked through the door was I treated superbly. Receptionist was kind and caring in her attempt to dealing with a &quot;no&quot; insurance patient. Dr. Carlotti's medical staff once in the examing room were thorough, knowledgable and had real smiles. My medical and personal attention were excellent. I was the patient but it was Dr. Carlotti who was patient and caring in my Friday night phone call after my surgery to answer my questions. Would absolutely recommend her. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	commentsI have never met another doctor who has LISTENED better and RESPONDED better than this! Her concern and honesty for her patients well being is Unbelievable. I recommend this doctor to my Mother, My daughter, and to all my loved ones who need and honest medical opinion and honest Concern for their well being! I Love Dr. Carlotti!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	commentsI had abdominoplasty, brachioplasty, and lipo done with Dr. Michelle Carlotti and I found her knowledge, stitchery, and surgery expertise all to be TOP NOTCH! I truly believe I went to the Dom Perignon of cosmetic surgeons. She is fantastic! I am extremely pleased with my results and her abilities. I am also very pleased with her staff. They are always warm, comforting, and down to earth with me and I enjoy my appointments a great deal. I would highly recommend her and her staff for any procedures a person may be looking for in the arena of plastic and cosmetic surgery. I am going back in a few months to have a breast lift and augmentaiton done as well. I have seen her work on breasts and Im looking forward to having her do the work. Paid/Co-pay:$19500	4	3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
30	0	 Dr. Calonje is as nice a pie and apparently a good clinician.  But not in my case.  Back in 04 I was diagnosed by him as having a macular pucker.  It didn't really impair my vision, but Dr. Calonje said he'd fix it.  I WAS NOT TOLD that the surgery was elective, nor that I ran the risk of chronic uveitis (eye infection) as a result of surgery.  So...four surgeries later, including a failed attempt to fix another macular problem (which attempt resulted in a torn and detached retina), I now have a scarred cornea, a damaged retina, my eyes don't &quot;fuse,&quot; and the eye he operated on is virtually useless.  In the course of nearly two years of treatment, I was assured things were getting better.  When they didn't, he dumped me on another opthalmologist, saying couldn't do any more for me.  So my right eye vision, good but not perfect when I first saw Dr. Caljone, is now ruined.  Be sure you find out if any surgery he recommends is elective.  	4	4	4	2	Insurance:Medicare
30	1	 Dr. Calonje and his staff are available for our family whenever we hve questions or need to be seen.  He performed emergency surgery on our family member and saw us the following morning which was a Saturday.  His ongoing care and concern for his patient give us confidence in stating that you  will not find another physician who is is truly concerned and you never feel like just another patient.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
30	1	commentsThis Doctor truly cares for his patients needs,answers all questions and is very helpful in terms of on-going care. 	5	4	4	4	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	 Dr Calderwood is very knowledgable, professional and compassionate.  He works very hard and long hours and will do everything possible to help you without regard to money. He is truely one of the last of the Doctors that puts the patient first. Both my wife and go to him.  I, myself have an M.D. degree and my wife is a Nurse Anesthetist, so we know a GOOD Doctor when we see one.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:AARP
31	-1	 I moved to the area and found this guy in the phone book. Very unimpressed. He asked me why I had a different last name than my husband, then laughed and smirked to himself. Very condescending, would never reccomend this poor excuse of a dr.  	5	2	2	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	1	.  Dr Calderwood took a look at me and took care of the problem no charge very nice man and very good doc thanks would reccomend to anyone 	4	4	4	4	Insurance:Assurant
31	1	commentsDr. Calderwood isn't our family's doctor, just our neighbor.  But we can tell from experience that Bill has a heart of gold.  When our daughter was hit with a staph infection, Bill checked in with us every night after work, making sure she was recovering.  He never hesitates to help ourselves or neighbors in day-to-day problems.  And this is not a neighborhood of doctors and lawyers, but of IT guys and teachers.  If Bill used some salty language, maybe it's some carryover from his having served in the Navy, but I'm guessing someone else swore first.  He is very approachable, down-to-earth, and has given much of himself over the years to various charitable causes.  I wouldn't hesitate to recommend Bill based on his widespread knowledge and strong character, in a time when character issues abound. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	comments 	4	4	4	4	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	 My husband and I both see Dr. Calderwood and have great visits with him. We now travel 40+ miles to continue seeing him after moving. He listens to you regarding your symptoms and treats you thoroughly including a plan for follow-up care.  	4	3	4	4	Insurance:United Healthcare
31	-1	commentsVery unprofessional and not at all helpfull. Not very good bedside manner. Uses profranity with children present. Would NOT recommend this doctor. 	4	4	2	1	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	 During a post-surgery consultation, I asked about a comment made on my release papers (not by him) and he said he would 'look into it'.  A few weeks later when I had another procedure with him, he entered the room and right away told me what he had found out.  Also, I have an RN friend that works with him and she says he does a really nice job and is a super nice person.  That's how you get the real scoop on doctors... ask the people that have to work with them! 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
48	1	 Since we're full time RVers I have several doctors in different states. I'd rate Dr. Cain at the top of my list as my favorite. Don't let her number of years in practice fool you. She's more knowledgeable than many of the old-timers I've dealt with. I learned some new facts from her relating to my own conditions that can only be the result of &quot;up-to-date&quot; and most current studies. I feel that I can &quot;trust&quot; Dr. Cain. She's very friendly and kind as well. She sometimes talks fast but she's a very good listener. That's important.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
48	1	 One of the most compassionate and understanding physicians I've ever had...  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Tricare
51	1	 Wonderful surgeon.  I had a very successful total hip replacement and had no complications.   Highly recommend 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
51	1	 After researching online for a highly rated doctor, I chose Dr. Camarata. I was not disappointed. He has a wonderful staff, nice office, great P.A. (Chris Lang) and he is a wonderful person and surgeon. Highly recommended, great experience. Do yourself a favor and go with AZ Bone &amp; Joint, Dr. David Camarata.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
51	1	 AFter a long search to have a complicated hip replacement/rebuild, I am so happy I have found Dr. Camarata.  He took the time to discuss the necessary procedures and was confident about the surgery.  He also took time to discuss the outcome of the surgery with my family immediately after including drawing diagrams. He was very patient and a wonderful doctor.  I highly recommend him and my family was genuinely impressed.  	5	3	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
54	1	 Doctor Robert Cadoff and his staff are awesome! The Catscan and x-ray I had, showed a 11mmX7mm stone lodged between my kidney and bladder in my left Ureter! The Pain was excruciating!!! When I talked to Dr Cadoff on the phone I knew I wanted him to do the work. Dr Cadoff has been a Urologist for 26 years! He used the most modern procedure Laser Lithotripsy! It was done at the locol hospital here! I was completely out during the whole procedure and when I woke up in the recovery room it was as if the sword had been removed from my side! He said he got all the pieces out and I will have none to pass ---that's a plus+....  The laser breaks them up and he takes the pieces out in a tiny basket! Today is the day after and I couldn't wait to post this fine Doctors work on here!! I hope someone else will also!!!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
57	1	commentsTops in his field.  Excellent hematologist. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	 Unlike many general practitioners who try to diagnose everything and refer you to a specialist only as a last resort, Dr. Caulkins believes in using every resource to find out and diagnose the problem.  	4	4	5	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$15
63	-1	commentsUnable to diagnose ailments until progressed to dangerous level, not knowledgeable of other physician's tests, unable to coordinate testing/treatment with other physicians, and unwilling to treat special needs as agreed upon with patient 	5	5	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	 Dr. Calkins is wonderful! She is kind, caring, and very intelligent. I had seen nineteen doctors for one reoccurring symptom over three and a half years, and she was the one to find out that I had a rare tumor, because she refused to just wash her hands of my case and let me live life with an undiagnosed illness.  Every doctor should take notice! 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	-1	commentsSaid that my father in law had infectious hemorrhagic diarrhea; took all of his meds away over my objections, saying she had to purge his system; would not even allow his blood presssure meds or even something to ease his diarrhea; staff was so scared, they would not even clean him up or readily go into his room which was quarantined.  When we finally managed to get him released, his edema was so bad he could hardly bend his knees to get into the car.  She caused the police to be then called to his house, along with the home care personnel, in an effort to force him to remain under that hospital's care, and prevent his going to another hospital.  When he was admitted to the other hospital, the emergency room physician was appalled at his condition, and said that his tests refuted that he had EVER had infectious hemorrhagic diarrhea, and that furthermore, he had suffered an undiagnosed and untreated heart attack while at the other hospital under her &quot;care&quot;.  Impossible to contact. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
68	-1	 This doctor uses techiniques from the Middle  Ages!! My beloved Dad had the misfortune to have her as his staff physician when he was a patienr in a hospital.  She took away his blood pressure medication and his other medications!! His legs swelled up so badly and she said  he needed  to be allowed to rid his body of those medications!! He died of a sudden heart attack in another hospital shortly after he finally left her care!! I was told he had sufferd a heart attack while under her acare and it was not even treated!! Stay away from her!! She moves all over the United States apparently.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
76	-1	commentsFind someone else quickly!!  Spends little time with patient.  Will put the patient on medications after a fifteen minute visit and never see them again for their illness. 	1	4	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
77	-1	commentsDr. caldron and his NP Edith are extremely insensitive and lacking in compassion.  Instead of listening to your symptoms, they only care about what your lab work does or doesn't show.  Blamed my problems on normal wear and tear.  Funny, I'm 29 years old and have a spine of a 90yr old.  That's normal&#63;  I went elsewhere and was properly diagnosed with an autoimmune disease,  and finally have relief of many of my symptoms. 	3	4	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
77	1	 He is an excellent, caring doctor. He did exactly what I needed and I have been pain free for over a year.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
77	-1	.  Left crying from 1st appt, cold, inattentive, uncompassionate, rushed, waited 2+ hours, didn't answer direct questions with a direct answer, refused to treat fibromyalgia &amp; said its a syndrome not a disease-thank you dr Obvious, left feeling like I wasted HIS time, please don't waste yours 	2	1	1	2	Insurance:AetnaPaid/Co-pay:$40
77	-1	 You should beware of the practice policy.  I made an appointment with the him and didn't feel a connection, and at that point I was told that I couldn't switch doctors within the practice for seven years!  They don't tell you that upfront!  I found he and his staff to be arrogant, smug and, at times, in my opinion, lacking competence.  	1	2	1	2	Insurance:United Healthcare
77	-1	 Waited 3 weeks for an apointment after going to ER and not being able to walk for a week. Upon arrival found out my appointment had been bumped. Stated he didnt really believe there was anything wrong with me other then normal wear and tear arthrits (Im a 23 y/o female). Told me to come back in 6weeks and he would take another look, uhh no thanks.  	2	1	1	1	Insurance:AssurantPaid/Co-pay:$50
77	-1	 This Dr. is COMPLETELY insensitive to his patients pain.  I had a pretty severe inflammatory arthritis  which turned out to be lupus that was miserable.  After his nurse practioner had thought I might have fibromyalgia, he only examined my hands to tell me my labs weren't bad enough to be anything serious.  I was instructed to take ibuprofen (which I was already on).  I have known two other young women with inflammatory arthritis (which can destroy joints if left untreated) and he wouldn't give them anything much either.  Every three months he would increase the medication they were &quot;trying&quot; and avoiding answering questions about what to do with the fact they suffer alot.     We shouldn't have to wait until our joints are disfigured before we are given relief!  One friend was suicidal feeling because of her pain and his refusal to relieve it! 	4	4	1	1	Insurance:United Healthcare
77	1	 Dr. Caldron is absolutely fantastic!  He is very thorough and takes the time to listen and talk to you and never makes you feel rushed.  His nurse Fontino is also very nice and thorough.  The staff in this office is also very nice every time.  I would highly recommend this doctor.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:AetnaPaid/Co-pay:$35
77	1	 Dr. C is concerned and willing to listen, don't mind his hair style.  Pam in his office is a freak -- very rude and condescending -- avoid appointments with her.  	4	4	4	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
77	1	commentsDr Caldron was hand picked for me by my first rheumatologist who was moving out of state.  He said I needed a doctor who would realize that I will always look well and joke around and still be able to see through that to the patient. He could not have chosen better.  I've seen Dr. C for over 10 years now and I'm so glad he's younger than me so he can take care of me for 30 more years. 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
77	1	commentsDr. Caldron is the most compassionate, thorough doctor I've ever had.  He takes the time to listen to me and to read any notes I bring to my appointments, and I always feel that his concern is genuine. I feel very comfortable being in his care.  I highly recommend him. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
77	1	commentsThe first thing I noticed about him was the kindness &amp; compassion he showed.  I had transferred from another state &amp; other drs.  Seeing Dr Caldron was the first time I had an accurate diagnosis and complete treatment.  Would recommend to anyone! 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
77	-1	commentsHe did not listen to me, it seemed like he already had his mind made up of what was and was not wrong. However, the PA was nice and very helpful. I saw him twice but I will not go back again. 	5	4	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
77	-1	commentsHe misdiagnosed me and refused to look at any of my medical history Paid/Co-pay:$45		3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
77	1	commentsDr Caldron is very thorough, kind, and concerned. I would highly recommend him to anyone. His staff is exceptionally nice too. 		4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
77	1	 I love Dr. Caldron. I had been going to another rheumatologist who misdiagnosed me and had me on steroids for almost a year. When I got to Dr. Caldron he said I never had the disease I was misdiagnosed with (I had a feeling which is why I got a second opinion) and weaned me off the steroids and got me back on track. He's very kind, gentle and really listens to you. His office staff is very nice and helpful too. He's hard to get an appt with but well worth it.  		4	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
79	1	commentsHe knows what he is talking about, he just doesn't send you to labs to waste your time or money.  He has been right the times i have got in. 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	 Knowledgeable, listens to patient, provides concise recommendations.  	3	4	5	4	Insurance:Medicare
81	1	comments 	4	4	5	4	Insurance:Unknown
82	0	 Dr Caldwell is a good doctor. She does need to focus more on her time schedule. I have waited over an hour & a half and then she comes in for 15 minutes, rushing the patient along. Trying to catch up. Emergencies do happen, which is understandable. Keep the waiting patient informed instead of closing them behind the door and leaving them to sit in that paper gown!!! I hope this comment helps.  	3	1	3	3	Insurance:Medicare
89	1	 Excellent doctor.  I HATE doctors and I would almost rather die than to have to see a doctor.   Dr. Cabezudo has changed that and now I feel I have a safe place to go and be heard.  He's doing what he does, for the love of it and that is obvious.  A far cry from the doctor's offices that just want to collect the money and call it a day.  No waiting in the waiting room and no waiting in the patient room.  Please Dr.  Cabezudo, don't go anywhere! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
89	-1	commentsmy wife and i both go to him but not for long.i went in for a foot issue all i got were stories about his life in chicago.same with my wife she had an urgent care referral to see a specialist about her eye and again he refused but did not fail to mention his life in chicago.i hate going to the dr. so if i get myself to go the last thing i want is for the dr. not to do anything the pain in my feet is bad still but i will not go back.i feel like we have gotten to hear more about his life rather than him listen to what is going on in ours! 	2	5	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	 I have been a patient of Dr. Cabezeudo for approximately 8 years.   He listens and then shares his understanding of your problem so you understand it.  I trust him more than I have trusted a doctor in a long time.  When going to a specialist, I often make an appointment with Dr. Cabezuedo following my specialist's visit and get his view point before I make up my mind on the course of treatment.  I feel very lucky to have such a great doctor.  	5	3	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
89	1	commentsI am a high level quadriplegic who has been a patient of Dr. Cabezudo's for over a year. He is funny, yet thorough and direct. He listens to me and encourages my participation in my health care decisions, which points to his own understanding of independent living. 	4	4	5	4	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	 Dr. Cabey and her staff are always helpful. I have been taking my daughter to her for 11 years. She gives everyone of her patients her full attention...never rushed. She is very patient and truly loves what she does.  I would highly recommend Sierra Pediatrics! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
91	-1	commentsDr. Cabey, while knowledgeable like most of the doctors that complete medical school and residency, is very arrogant and talks down to you as the parent, especially if you question her.  She prescribed an extremely dangerous med for my baby's acid reflux without telling us any of the possible (crazy) side effects, and pretty much without any concern at all.  We did not have a good feeling about it, especially when we opened the script paperwork from the pharmacy and saw the two full pages of horrible permanent side effects listed in bright red.  Our baby was still thriving despite his acid reflux and this medication should have been a last resort for any baby!  She is very rude if you question her methods (politely I might add).  She is very hard working, but I think that is a minus in her case, because she always seems over worked, exhausted, and irritated.  My son had a major problem with the antibiotics she prescribed and she never returned our calls. Her ego gets in her way. 	5	3	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	commentsWe have trusted Sierra Pediatrics and Dr. Cabey for over 17 years now with our children. Our 17, 14, 3 year old and newborn currently go to Dr. Cabey as well. Recently, during my newborn baby girl's 1st check-up Dr. Cabey pretty muched saved my life as well as taking care of my daughter. Dr. Cabey noticed that I was extremely swollen and took it upon herself to take my blood pressure and instructed me to go directly to the emergency room. Upon her advice I ended up having post-partum preeclampsia which statistics say if undetected 80% of woman die from this. It resulted in a 4 day hospital stay for me but I would have blown it off as being normal post partum symptoms oif it werent for Dr. Cabey. Dr. Cabey and her practice went way above and beyond for me and my family that day and I STRONGLY recommend them to anybody looking for a new pediatrician or looking to switch doctors. I will continue to trust my 4 children in her hands for as long as I can take them to her! She is the best! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	commentsDr. Cabey is a very thorough doctor.  She not only cares about the physical health and safety of her patients, but their overall development.  She makes sure that parents are actively teaching and training their children to the child's greatest ability. 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	commentsDr. Cabey is always there when I need her. The staff are interactive with my daughter, she has to hug each one before she leaves the office. She feels so comfortable with Dr. Cabey that I won't take her anywhere else. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	 Dr. Cabey is a no-nonsense, old school doctor that spends time with the patient and asks the right questions - both of the patient and the parents.  I also like the fact that she takes the time to discuss real-world health issues with you.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:AetnaPaid/Co-pay:$20
91	1	commentsDr. Cabey had been my kids' doctor for 10 years.  We have never had anything but a positive experience with her or her staff.  The medical assistants and Dr. Cabey know my kids and ask about them even if that child isn't in the office that day.  Dr. Cabey is the hardest working pediatrician that I have ever heard of, working weekends and through lunch hours to see patients.  I can almost always get an appointment the same day I call.  She is efficient and demands the same high level of care and attention to detail from her office staff that she herself gives.  Going to the doctor is not a fun thing to do, but I am glad that I have a pediatrician whom I trust. 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
91	0	 Dr. Cabey is very arrogant and disrespectful. I'm mix, however I look Hispanic, my husband is Caucasian and she always spoke to us in Spanish. She don't respect your time, the wait time varies from 45 min to 1+ hr. Her office is not very clean and her office fees are ridiculous. I don't recommend this practice.  	1	1	3	3	Insurance:Aetna
91	1	commentsDr. Caby is very unfriendly, she spoke spanish to me and to my kids and we don't even speak spanish. She is knowledgeable but unfriendly and unpersonable. This office don't respect your time at all .I made an appoitment for a Saturday morning went to the office and the office was closed. After waiting 15 minutes outside trying to contact the after hrs line. I received a call and I was notified that my appointment was cancelled. Another occassion they change my appointment to an earlier time per the Doc. request and they took me in 1:15 min after the schedule time just 15 min before the original time scheduled. They have a ridiculos policy in my opinion.They have a extra chage for Saturdays appointments. $35.00 for FLM paperwork,fees for physical paperwork, if you miss an appoinment and you didn't call a least 24hrs is $45.00. I won't recomend this office. Paid/Co-pay:$75	1	1	3	4	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	 Dr. Cabey has been my family's pediatrician for 13 years now, and I wish she did primary care. She is excellent, and she really loves kids. She talks to them, explains what is going on to them in terms they understand. She takes the fear out of visits for them. She is also very patient and she comforts them when they cry.  She is by far the best pediatrician in the state! 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
92	1	.  Excellent dentist!  Not only does he care about taking care of your teeth, but he goes above and beyond in making sure they look good too! 	3	5	5	5	Insurance:Delta Dental
92	-1	 He doesn't have patience at all. I took my daughter 8 years old she was scared his staff very friendly but the doctor not at all he just left the room saying refer her to a pediatric dentist without explanation to me because i paid for an exam and he didn't tell me was going on. Very dissapointed!!!!!!.  	2	4	1	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$77
93	1	 Kris was great- she listened and addressed all my concerns.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
96	-1	commentsMy mom is a patient if his she kept telling me these stories about how rude he is &amp; that he mumbles &amp; doesn't listen to you. He messed up her prescriptions &amp; one time was running very late, came in to the room &amp; my mom said joking &quot;oh, I thought you forgot about me&quot; he said &quot;well I have sicker patients than you!&quot;. My mom has no health insurance and pays out of pocket for this guy to treat her like that&#63; I went with her today for her appointment and it was even worse then how my mom told me. He came in asked why she was here &amp; listened to her chest not even long enough to hear a half a breath and touched her stomach like hew was checking something. He was in there maybe 2 minutes and tried to run out the door. I told him I had questions about her meds &amp; he said &quot;ask my nurse&quot; what a joke. Paid/Co-pay:$25	2	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
97	1	 This is the only urgent care I go to in tucson. They are always nice to me and my family.They have never acted as if you are annoying them by coming in.I have seen Dr Cairns I like him and found him to be very helpful. I would recommend anyone to go to urgent care associates on rita rd or swan both are very helpful.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
97	-1	commentsDr. Cairns was extremely impersonal and terribly misdiagnosed my medical condition. I suffered another week on his treatment until I went to another doctor who told me what I really had. Dr. Cairns did not even explain my condition, and had his nurse hand me a piece of paper with the medications and treatment I was supposed to take. She had no idea what it meant because he didn't explain it to her and his handwriting was so illegible on the patient discharge form she had to go back and ask. Staff was overall discourteous, and unknowledgeable, and in such a hurry to get rid of me. Do not go to Urgent Care Associates on Rita road in Tucson, Arizona. 	1	4	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
98	1	commentsWith one comprehensive homeopathy intake, Dr. Cain was able to find the right remedy for me. I have had symptom relief on all of my major problems since that point and am now seeing her every other month of a much cheaper follow up appointment. The intake was definitely worth the money. She got to the bottom of my health care faster than other doctors who just put me on a bunch of medications--and without relief for years. Dr. Cain's care is totally different-- no side effects, with total relief. She is a breath of fresh air. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
98	1	commentsDr. Cain has superior listening skills and a magnificent bedside manner. She listens and HEARS you, taking what you say and formulating a plan for healing, all the while including you to make sure it will fit with your lifestyle, monetary limits, and commitment level. She repeats what she hears back to you to make sure she understands what you said and isn't shy asking for clarification. She trusts that you know your own body better than anyone else and consults you as an expert in your own healing, empowering you to make changes and follow your gut. She thinks outside the box, utilizing her counseling skills to treat your WHOLE being. You can't beat her for holistic care. From initial consultation to follow-up, Dr. Cain centers your care around you, the complete patient. She is trustworthy, intelligent, and intuitive, and her care is effective and efficient! She's an A++ all the way.     I EMPHATICALLY  RECOMMEND DR. CAIN TO EVERYONE SEEKING BETTER HEALTH. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
