dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	-1	.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
2	1	My wife and I have been to many doctors, and this man is far and away the best! With a difficult condition to treat, many docs are incapable of understanding my wife's suffering, let alone treating her successfully. Dr. Ratcliffe gets it. He understands pain, and pain relief. He is the only doctor my wife feels safe with, and truly trusts. He is patient, kind, understanding, and always respectful. I always accompany my wife, and many doctors ignore me. Dr. R. listens to us and sepaks to us as the team that we are. Many docs keep an invisible and unspoken barrier between themselves and the patient, but we never have felt that with Dr.R. So much of health care now is just a business, flipping patients in and out like McDonalds flips burgers. If more doctors were like Dr.R. there would be less suffering in the world! Very few people you can say that about, but for Dr.R. it's true! Outstanding doctor. If you are not getting the absolute best where you are, do yourself a favor; call Dr.R! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	-1	 	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
3	-1	Please anyone who is considering liposuction, please do your reasearch.  Ask for pictures and ask to speak with previous patients.  I truly regret having my liposuction with this doctor. 	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	I couldn't be happier with my breast augmentation experience & GORGEOUS new boobies! I was referred to several plastic surgeons by girlfriends & went on several consultations before I found &quot;Dr. Heidi&quot;. After meeting Dr. Regenass, I knew my search for a skilled surgeon was over. For me, my relationship with my surgeon was an important factor in my decision to pursue breast augmentation. The doctor-patient partnership I formed with Dr. Regenass made the process so easy. Postoperatively, her and her staff continue to be incredibly warm, caring, knowledgeable, and supportive. Dr. Regenass truly is a gifted surgeon; she understood my goals for surgery, knew exactly the (natural) look I wanted, and she DELIVERED! If you don't believe me, ask my boyfriend. Signed, a NEW Friend & Loyal Customer 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	I had breast augmentation in July of 2007 with Dr. Regenass. I found her to be skilled and very helpful in deciding what size I should go and that under the muscle was the best option. It has been a year since my surgery and I'm very happy with my results. She was very caring after the surgery, she called my home several times following my procedure to be sure I was doing well. I definitely think if you are considering breast implants, you seek her, but be sure to ask a lot of questions. She is always more then willing to answer them and make sure you feel more confident in your decision. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	I have had several procedures performed by Dr. Regenass.  She is an extremely knowledgeable and skilled surgeon.  I would highly recommend her. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	0	Dr. Heidi Regenass performed an over the muscle breast augmentation on me in March of 07. First of all, that was a poor choice on her part as well as mine for not getting a second opinion. If you have done your research you will discover that very few if ANY board certified plastic surgeons perform this procedure. (AND for good reason) I feel in love with her sweet bed side manner. She is an intelligent, gorgeous woman, but NOT a talented plastic surgeon on the cutting edge of plastic surgery procedures as she portrays herself to be. I went to her seeking a breast lift. She assured me I was not a candidate for that procedure. She assured me I would get a &quot;lift&quot; by placing the implanst above the muscle. Her patient education skills are tremendously lacking. She never informed me of the complications of placing he implant above the muscle. She very confidently assured me dozens of time how &quot;gorgeous&quot; I'd look. Yet, 6 months post procedure I had 4 board certified plas 	4	5	5	1 	Insurance:Unknown
3	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
3	-1	I found out the hard way that Dr. Regenass does not stand behind any faults of her surgeries. In my case, she would not redo a six month old breast augmentation that turned out to be a disaster. She was trying very hard to convince me that she did nothing wrong; in reality choosing her as a surgeon is the worse mistake I made. Please do not allow a kind warm atmosphere and credentials fool you. Pray that if you do choose her, what happened to me will not happen to you. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	The entire staff was very helpfull and very kind. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	Extremely helpful and reassuered feelings about surgery and did not pressure for any other procedures. Great staff as well. Very Personable! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	-1	my grandma was admitted with anemia.Someone called him for &quot;heart problems&quot; He did too many tests on her.her symptoms resolved with a simple transfusion.We ended up footing the co payments.I think he has people call him because they bounce everybody around in a gang.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
4	1	. Caring 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
5	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Rampertabs for 9 or 10 years.  I have had multiple problems with my feet and he has been able to assist me in getting better and living pain free.  Awesome doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	Dr. Rampertab is knowlegeable and very helpful.  I would recommend him to anyone 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	I have been seeing Dr. Rampertab since he started in the office, a long time.  He is an amazing doctor and I am very pleased with the care I have gotten from him.  I have rotten feet, but with his help, I rarely have foot pain anymore. I recommend him highly and even send my family there. Thank you, Dr.  Rampertab! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	-1	I saw Dr Rampertab in July of 2010. I had seen another doctor for 6 months. That Dr thought I had a plantars fibroma and had me do therapy to try and get rid of it.  It did not work. I then saw Dr Rampertab and he bragged about his 3 dimensional ultrasound.  He used it on me and stated he saw no fibroma and thought I had tarsal tunnel.  He did cryosurgery and for 2 weeks after the surgery I was fine.  Then the pain came back bad as before.  He stated he had to wait 3  months and he would do the procedure again.  Saw another Dr and guess what I did have a fibroma.  It wrapped around nerve branches and was very painful.  He removed the fibroma and 2 months after the removal I am a month from normal 100% activities.  So much for Rampertab and his BS ultrasound.  Did he know and wanted to experiment on my fibroma with cryo&#63;  I think so.  ****. I do not  trust  him and  you should  not  either.  	3	4	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	I have been a patient of Dr Rampertab for 10 years.  He has performed two bunion surgeries and cyrosurgery.  He is a great Dr.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	I highly recommend Dr Rampertab. I have suffered with foot pain for over 10 years. Dr Rampertab is the sixth doctor to treat this pain. After Ultrasound Guided Cryosurgery I am %90 better. I still have some pain, but I am very pleased with the result of this simple procedure.  	2	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
6	-1	After being diagnosed with bone cancer from breast cancer five years ago, it is a big deal to get answeres. Everytime I asked a question it was put off or I was told wait and see...Not the answers I wantfrom a doctor. I had issues with no return calls from staff, billing was incorrect, even spoke with the office manager several times...Kicker is I am an office manager for a doctors office..  anyone with health issues dont go there find another office! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Humana
6	-1	Missed the diagnosis on my son.Fortunately he landed up with another oncologist who referred him to Mayo clinic for a rare cancer that required a transplant.He was uncaring and did not take his complaints seriously and brushed him off.probably because he did not like the insurance.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
6	1	Dr. Rakkar has done an excellent job of helping me survive stage 4 prostate cancer.  	5	5	3	5 	Insurance:Pacificare
6	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	-1	Do not transfer to this Dr. He will not continue with meds you've received in the past. BIG mistake going to him.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	1	Office was odd - it is a single dentist practice, and so he has one big open room with multiple stations.  If you're having a cleaning and a filling, you actually move from chair to chair. It seemed odd, especially when my x-rays were being taken and 2 chairs down, with no wall, he was finishing up with someone else.  Billing process was &quot;difficult&quot; - the staff needs to learn how insurance works and their responsibilities when they've signed on with a company and agreed to certain pricing.  	1	4	4	4 	Insurance:Delta Dental
9	1	Melissa is an outstanding pediatrician.  She is very knowlegable, and really cares about her patients. She has been with Phoenix Pediatrics for a long time, but I would follow her anywhere.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	1	Dr. Rada is old school and gives you straight answers to direct questions. Too many doctors these days pad their answers, avoid making direct assessments, or give you what you need out of fear of covering their butts. Dr. Rada does what is best for YOU, his patient.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Banner Health
10	1	Doc Rada is great.  Knoweldgable, patient, great interest in patient education and help.  Staff is generally not helpful at the clinic and things always run late (unless you have first thing am appt.) 	2	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	Dr. Rada is the best doctor you will ever be blessed with in Phoenix. I have been a patient since 1973 and he has never steered me wrong and the confidence I have in him is remarkable.I know when ever he treats me that I am getting wonderful caring care.  Currently living in Ohio, but am in Az occasionally and I know when I have a problem he is there for me.  Phoenix is so lucky to have such a wonderful doctor only wish I could clone him back here in Ohio.  Its hard to put your faith and trust in a new young doctor. Believe  I hope everyone who is a patient realizes how wonderful you have it. He is always there for you no matter what time of day or evening it is and you will get call backs in the evening, which I might add they don't do that back here. If you need your doctor after hours here in Ohio, you'd better go to  emergency as theres no contact after hours with your doctor.  So Phx   get on your hands and be ever so thankful you have Dr. Rada 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
10	1	I saw Dr. Rada one time because my regular doctor at the location was out. Dr. Rada made me wish he was my general med. doctor. He is down to earth, loud, jovial, funny, and scheduled the appropriate precautionary tests for my situation. He spent a good deal of time with me and went above and beyond.  This is one older doctor who has not lost his zeal for his profession! I would highly recommend if you can deal with the crappy staff! 	2	1	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	-1	His phone is a run around phone, the staff hates people.  I have two insurances and they overcharge me.  They do not help a person get the help they need.  Friend was fired by Rada and her father died because of his lack of care.  go at your own risk, med has grown from his grad date of 1966 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
10	1	Great doctor, very knowledgeable. I was very impressed with his attention to detail and the time he took with me. This doctor is also well known, when I needed a procedure immediately, and the specialist were backed up for weeks, he made a call and I was seen the next morning.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
10	1	I have been going to Dr. Rada for 20 years.  He is the best!  You can talk to him about everything, and feel totally comfortable while doing so.  My only complaint is that I usually have to wait pretty long for my apt time.   None the less I love him! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	1	Have been a patient of Dr. Rada off and on (depending on my residence in AZ) since the age of 4. I am 41 now. Another doctor (OBGYN) had said I needed a colposcopy for an irregular pap smear. The other dr's nurse swore it was extremely urgent and that I could have HPV--yet my SS# and DOB did not match the file she was holding! I went *running* to Dr. Rada as a second opinion and he spent an hour with me, tested for HPV, re-did the Pap and found NOTHING wrong or even a bit off.I had never had an abnormal Pap and still have since not. I would have had some half-baked Dr. cutting away pieces of my uterus for biopsy for NO REASON--not to mention the scare factor of HPV...BTW Dr. Rada is a very empathetic MD with a long patient list--you may have to wait a bit in the outside room, but he's worth it.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
10	1	I just love Dr. Rada. I feel comfortable talking to him about anything. He is a great and caring Dr. and I can say I'm glad  He is my Dr.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
10	1	Dr. Rada was great, he finally told me what my skin disease was after 6 years of other doctors not knowing.  He is compassionate and helpful, but can be short at times when he is running behind.  Only &quot;problem&quot; I really have with him is that he is such a great doctor it's hard to get an appointment with him because he is always booked up.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
10	1	Had this Doctor for over 25 years.....absolutely the best...  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
10	1	By far, one of the best doctors in Phoenix.Not sure he is taking any new patients, but really worth the try. You will be pleased. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	The most compassionate, knowledgeable doctor -- a real friend, too. Has been our family doctor for 20 years and we would be lost without him.  		3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
11	0	Burned out doctor who wants to sell his practice and move on.  His staff reflect his lack of caring an motivation for medicine.  Run.  	1	4	2	3 	Insurance:Aetna
11	1	Very compassionate, very knowledgeable and spends as much time as you need.It's a pleasure to see him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	1	He is very knowledgeable, very compassionate in working with his patients, and keeps abreast of current research in his field and will respond to any questions a patient may have. He is an excellent doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	-1	This dr. is two-faced! When my ins. coverage changed to a plan with a deductible, he suddenly dropped us as patients, claiming that the insurance wouldn't pay him. He never even gave me the opportunity to explain or to pay the deductible. It was like he never heard of such a thing before. He also abruptly stopped billing DDD/AHCCCS as secondary insurance, with no warning or explanation. After dismissing us, he would only allow us 30 days of med refills, even after I explained that the soonest appointment I could get with another doc was 90+ days away. And that was after calling every psych in town and literally begging! He DIDN'T CARE AT ALL! Said, &quot;I will not be responsible for anything for your family any more. Take the kids to the ER for their meds.&quot; I couldn't believe it. I had to use the 30 days refill to wean them off because stopping their meds suddenly could kill them! He endangered my kids and caused our whole family to suffer! UNCARING, UNPROFESSIONAL, & UNTRUSTWORTHY DR! 		3	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	. HE IS VERY KNOWLEDGABLE ABOUT EVERYTHING 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
12	1	Explains process and side effects of the medicines and the treatment plan. Actually asks if there are any questions and then answers them. Staff is friendly and easy to work with.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
13	1	An amazing pediatrician. I have been able to reach him over the phone numerous times and he actually is the one to answer my questions. He is wonderful with my little one and is very knowledgeable. He really cares and takes the time for his patients. 100% recommend him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	-1	Dr. Rathle is very nice and you can tell that he really cares about you, and if my son was healthy I would have stayed with him. He told me that my baby's excessive crying was colic which is in our head and there was nothing to do about it. After taking him to another Dr. it turned out that he had reflux and is allergic to diary and soy. 	1	5	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	He was my daughter's pediatrician for her first 2 years and was by far the best we ever had! He was so helpful and incredibly knowledgeable. He is more then willing to spend the extra time explaining the little things to you. I NEVER had a problem getting in for an apt. Often I could get in within a few hours of calling. Upon arriving at his office I never had to wait more then 5 minutes. This man would bend over backwards for his patients.  I highly recomend Dr Rathle to anyone in Yuma looking for a pediatrician! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
13	1	He was an hour late for our appointment and we were the first appointment of the day!  His office is small, dingy and unprofessional looking.  His &quot;nurse&quot; (if she even was one) had a cold and blew her nose, then without washing her hands went to pick up my week-old son!  At the height of cold and flu season!  When I told her to wash her hands before touching him she had no clue why I had a problem.  Dr. Rathle is a nice man, but his practice is a mess and we switched doctors after that appointment and have been much happier eleswhere.  	1	1	3	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	Excellent Dr. who took the time to explain &amp; outline the entire procedure. The staff provided excellent service &amp; there was no waiting as I was seen on time. I would recommend Dr. Rand to anyone in need of a top rate podiatrist 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	Dr. Randolph was very nice and has excellent manners. I don't know if you really need a Gastroenterologist to tell you to take Omeprazol and wait another 6 weeks. His office stuff and nurse is ridiciulous. They are unfriendly and not returning phone calls. 	1	3	3	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	-1	The doctor ordered tests.  It took 6 weeks for the nurse to respond to several phone calls regarding the tests which infact were abnormal.  The worst care I have ever had. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	While the doctor and staff are very nice and seem to do a great job, I was a bit put off at my last cleaning. After the cleaning, I noticed the instruments seemed dirty. Dr. R was defensive but did say she would take care of it next time. Next time is coming up soon, so we will see.  	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
16	1	Both the Doctor and the staff were very proffessional and helpful during my course of treatment. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	I can't believe we are talking about the same Dr! My experience was the best. First of all she is very knowledgeable. Diagnoised me at my first appointment, and told me what I needed to do.  She took a lot of time explaining everything to me. Very kind and personable. In fact, after getting my orthotics, she took extra time making sure they fit all of the shoes I had. I have never had a foot Dr. go above and beyond like she did for me. I got the best service ever and would highly recommend her. By the way, its not a bad thing to start your day with a smile for the first person you see.  Its contagious!!!!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
17	1	Very pleasant experience with Dr. Ratner.  Others have complained of rudeness which was never seen by me.  She was very pleasant and knowledgeable.  I am sure others who thought she was rude probably deserved it if she was.  She was recommended by a friend who has severe diabetes which causes him severe foot problems.  He has tried others and finally found Dr. Ratner and he also highly recommends her.  My opinion is that the others are simply cry babies. She is my choice for future treatment.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
17	-1	I agree with all of the posted about Dr. Ratner.  She is a very rude and uncaring person to her patients.  She cannot make a decision on her own and when she does a minute later she will change her mind.  She's not a very secure person at all.  I will not go back to her again!! 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	My experience with Dr. Ratner was a wonderful one. Im reading the comments above and wondering if they should have went to scottsdale.. I work for 8 doctors myself and know how they can be as well.  Hats of to Dr Ratner after all its not BRAIN surgery ! 	3	5	4	5 	Insurance:Aetna
17	-1	I was seeing Dr. Ratner on occasions for years.  She used to be very down to earth and took the time with me to explain everything, including diagnosis and options.  The last time I saw her, she quickly gave me options and when I did not answer right away, she actually breathed out a heavy sigh, rolled her eyes and said she would be back for my decision.  When she came back she was just as short, rude and terse with me when speaking.  I do not know what happened to change her demeaner, but she should really think about another field of work and do something that will make her happy.  I will never go to her again.  	2	2	1	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
17	-1	I totally agree that Dr. Ratner is a very rude person and has no consideration for her patients.  I also had a bad experience with her bedside manner and will not go back to her.  Her office is Very unorganized and it appears she doesn't care. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
17	-1	Dr Ratner is a very rude woman.  Her bedside manner is horrible.  She is insulting and inappropriate in her rapport.  I am reporting her behavior to the medical board.  	1	5	2	2 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
17	1	Diagnosed on sight a problem three other doctors misdiagnosed.    Dr. R is concerned about her patients and up front about the pros and cons of therapy and surgery.  She knows feet, a bit unorganized, her office staff could be better trained.  	3	1	4	5 	Insurance:Tricare
17	-1	. Just totally turned off by the un professional aspects of this establishment 	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Pacificare
17	0	I had some less than satisfactory experiences here.  Was literally yelled at for crying out spontaneously when hurt by the Doctor.  Was mistaken for another patient once and it took too long for the Doctor to figure out that she had the wrong chart. Was given an orthotic that just wasn't right for me.  When the mold was being made by an office worker my foot didn't seem to me to be in the right position for having a mold taken.  When I mentioned this I was told that it didn't matterwhat position the foot was in.  Although it did seem like the Doctor was knowledgeable about feet, other factors made it clear to me that I was not getting the competent care that I needed.  I stopped going even though I still needed help. 	5	4	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	Dr. Ransdell is the best, most reputable doctor I have ever had the pleasure to have as my doctor. He is by far the best at what he does and the profession he represents. I highly recommend him to everyone!! I have the utmost respect for him because he referred me to a different specialist when he felt another doctor could help me more than he could due to my unique vision problem, when other doctors kept telling me my vision would only continue to worsen and I just needed to deal with it.  Meanwhile, they were trying to fit me with a prescription annually that had no hope of correcting my vision. Only after 7 pairs of glasses in one year (& I still could not see) did I start looking for other answers.  I feel very blessed to have been paired with Dr. Ransdell, because he referred me to a doctor who has surgically  performed a miracle and I no longer even need glasses to correct a problem I have suffered with for 46 years! I owe my health and happiness to Dr. Ransdell!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	-1	Very poor knowledge of procedures.  I am currently having problems incurred with this dentist fixed.  Some of those issues are crowns that weren't property sealed and are leaking, fillings that were not smoothed over/finished.  I was sold a mouth guard that was shown to me and the one I actually got was nothing like the stellar model presented to me.  I was expected to pay my non-insured portion at each visit - understable, except I was over charged and refused a refund.  Instead I was told they would apply it as a credit to my account for any future visits.  There are many other issues but not enough space to write here.  Please check the Arizona Dental Boards before you choose.  	2	5	2	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	-1	The above rating is based upon a single incident, but a significant one. I am diabetic, so I struggle with my teeth. Nothing too gross I was lead to believe. We agreed I would get an extra cleaning per year out of pocket, the rest billed to ins. Every appt was &quot;you are doing good, floss more&quot;. Come to find out, they are billing the insurance company for some periodontal cleaning. The insurance says SFD has done nothing to warrant special cleaning, they aren't paying. Next thing I know, SFD is saying go find another dentist or pay all out of pocket. It's a legal thing. Isn't it illegal to call giving me a normal teeth cleaning periodontal&#63; I have had 75+ teeth cleanings, these were no different than the others. Very bad business, I recommend avoiding. There are many dentists that can clean teeth and refer you to another dentist without having wierd and ethically suspect behavior. 	 6/11/09	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	This is one of the best pediatrians we have seen. She is amazing with our girls and they love her. Highly recommend.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
20	1	Helpful, nice person and skilled at her job. Knowledgeable. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	-1	missed diagnosed allergy for RSV, which was tested and verified by a attending Doctor at the hospital, 2 days later. All this on an infant child. Doctor should be sent back to medschool. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	Dr. Rappoport is an excellent source, committed to patient full care.  He takes his time and finds issues other specialists in his field failed to find, in my case.  He cares about the overall welfare of the patient, not just the rush through his speciality.  He is highly valued by both my husband and myself.  My husband survived an arotic disection and Dr. Rappoport has done a wonderful job of keeping his in good condition, prescribing medications that control the issues he deals with and working with him to have a good quality of life.  Dr. Rappoport found a heart health issue that a local hospital and cardiologist could not identify and has been treating me for 4 years.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
21	1	I had a heart attack and tripple bipass surgery 5 years ago, and started seeing Dr. Rappaport right after that. I'd developed congunctive heart failure which he diagonsed and cured me of. He spends plenty of time with me each visit, adjusts my meds appropriately and really cares about my health. He's great and I trust him, literally, with my life.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
21	1	I would tell anyone to trust your life with Dr. Rapport which I do since I had open heart surgery.  I have never had a doctor who took his time with me (every visit) and who believes in touching your hand as he talks to you or giving you a hug everytime I leave.  Whatever problem you might be having, it is amazing that you can actully see him figuring out in his head as you talk what medicine you need or what needs to be changed.  If you have a pain, he will put you through xrays and test all again to make sure nothing new could be happening.  I have always felt safe and secure having him as my cardiologist.  He is much older than the other doctors at the heart center, but his mind is and humor is better than all of them.  I have gone through more than my share of illness and have had many different doctors (ones who totally dis-diagnosed me) and would spend about 3 minutes with my appts.  Rapport has been a life saver in my life and I would never want another cardiologist.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	1	I recommend Dr. Reade because he truly does an amazing job putting my back into place as well as my neck. Both instances that I had trouble with these areas he came through and put me back in place and I have not had any complaints since. If you are tired of not getting results from other chiropractors who adjust you more than one time then I really think you should go see him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
22	1	I have seen Dr. Reade for many years, through many car accidents. His treatments have gotten me back on my feet quickly. I also have great success with nutritional help from him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	Dr. Reade has been very professional and helpful throughout my visits and and happy to refer my friends and family or anyone who may be in need of chiropractic services.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
22	1	Dr Reade is excellent chiropractor, more like a naturopath.  He spends alot of time with the patient evaluating not only mechanical problems, using chiropractic adjustments, but he is also knowledgebale in functional medicine, improving the patient's overall health.  He may use other modalities to help a patient recover, with physio-therapies, acupuncture, cold laser and nutrition, very knowledgeable.  I have been seeing Dr. Reade for over 10 years and he has helped our family in numerous ways, from sports injuries to health issues.  Because he does spend time with patients, sometimes he does run late, but he cares and makes time for each of his patients.  Staff is also very helpful and friendly.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	-1	Dr. Rabin traumatized me!  Unnecessary pain, had 7 or 8 follow-ups for a toenail removal&#63; really&#63;  at each follow-up he would cut the &quot;healing&quot; skin off (extreme pain) I finally just quit going back. I couldn't wear anything besides a flip-flop or surgery shoe for 3 months.  I'll never go back to this guy....  EVER! 	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Tricare
24	1	Impossible to have received better treatment. Dr Reed was extremely capable,knowledgeable, and talented as well as compassionate, understanding and accommodating to his patient's needs. His rating should be a 10 at least.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
24	1	Best Surgeon ever 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	 	5	1	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	-1	Phones turned off during business hours, Takes forever to get refurrels,  staff blames patient for refurrels. Most UNPROFESSIONAL OFFICE I HAVE EVER BEEN TO.  THEY SUCK 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:AARP
26	0	every time I've seen Dr Rao he seems to be in a rush doesn't spend enough time with me and doesn't listen. 	3	2	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	Very nice doctor. Listens to everyting that you have to say and is very easy to talk too. Office is very nice and examination rooms are also very nice. The staff are very nice and helpful. 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Ray's for over 15 years. I have moved with her through several office changes. It's difficult to find good office staff, but I don't blame Dr. Ray for that. She has always provided the best care I could ever need. She has treated my entire family and while she does encourage healthy lifestyle, I appreciate that. I would not change doctor's regardless of the staff. I just bring something to read in case the wait is long.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	-1	I am not sure where to start. I also blame myself. Dr. rays office have in the past have lost my test results. I waited 6 weeks for them. I went to Dr. ray with what I thought was depression. After months of anti depressants then she ran blood tests to find out I am severely anemic. Then she switched my anti depressant and I had a horrible reaction. I believe now I did not need an anti depressant in the first place. I believe if you have a cold need an antibiotic. Just general stuff go to her. If you have something worse to not see her. 	2	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	Dr. Ray is very pleasant, however went in for seasonal allergy treatment, left empty handed and told to use saline rinses (no relief). Also had questions about anxiety medication, she was not open to treatment, encouraged yoga and healthy eating instead. Other questions remained unanswered. Saw Nurse practitioner at this practice several times, very incompetent staff. Phone calls never returned when promised. Last time took four days to finally talk to someone other than a medical assistance and was told by NP over phone to “drink fluids” for blood in urine. Not very comforting Now leaving practice.  	2	2	3	4 	Insurance:CIGNA
27	-1	After two poor experiences, I thought I'd give Dr. Ray one more shot. On my 3rd visit, I waited over 45 minutes to be called into the &quot;check up&quot; room, than waited another 30 minutes to see Ray herself. They had forgotten about me. The office is incredibly disorganized and run very poorly. I've experienced lost paperwork and unreturned phone calls. I would not recommend this doctor to anyone, ever. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	Dr. Ray is easy to talk to, very knowledgeable, does not patronize and backs up recommendations by citing medical studies. I like that she does not throw antibiotics at every problem. She only works part time, which is her only drawback - or maybe why she can remain engaged in her work.  She recently joined a group practice, but I haven't been to any of them so can't comment on that.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Pacificare
28	1	Dr. Radoff is very caring and professional.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	1	Very thorough. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	Dr.Rama and staff rejuvenated my smile! I had the best dental experience you could possibly have. Everyone was very helpful! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	Extremely pleasant, good communication, caring attitude, patient-oriented, not rushed, allows questions, well-mannered, confident.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
30	1	I had both knees replaced in 2007, one in July and one in October.  The entire experience was wonderful.  While a  difficult recovery accompanies such surgery, I could not have been happier with the Bone and Joint Unit at Flagstaff Medical Center, the therapeutic program, subsequent care and treatment, and most of all Dr. Randall.  I have recommended many friends to her, all who have been equally pleased.  She is a highly skilled surgeon and Flagstaff is very fortunate to have her skills in our mountain town.  Thank you, Dr.  Randall! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
30	1	Outstanding knowledge, care, and ability to work with my out-of-state situation.  My recovery is beyond belief for a total hip replacement.  The best doctor/hospital experience I have encountered.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	-1	$125 to step thru the door.  I saw him for 5 minutes.  He is punctual because its $125 for the next person and the next and so on and so forth.  The staff is miserable... I paid cash on my bill and then the receptionist shut the glass window on me. I have worked in the allied health field for the last 10 years and never have I ever been to a Dr visit or seen someone go to a Dr visit where they aren't given a receipt. Heck you get that at Jack-in-the-Box or your food is free.So I pry open the window and ask for a receipt and I could tell I was a major bother!I had just made a payment but somehow my balance was $125 more than last time&#63;!So I question it and Im directed to the office manager, Alice.  She then begins to degrade me and ask if and I quote &quot;well have you gone your entire life expecting to get your healthcare for free&#63;&quot;  At that moment I demanded copies of my records and financial statements and left.   I would advise everyone check you're billing statements for insurance fraud 	1	5	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	1	best care available for women and the care was prompt,courteous, affordable and complete.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	1	All around great experience.He performed a c-section 3 1/2 years ago with no complications, Now will be doing a tubal along with two other procedures. Great personality. Easy to speak with and understand. I trust him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	-1	Shots did not numb in the correct area of the mouth that it was supposed to. He kept trying over and over to numb the &quot;correct spot&quot; but failed. Felt the whole procedure, and it was very painful, but &quot;other (wrong) area of my mouth got quite numb!&quot; Subsequent oral surgery resulted in the same...painful. Would not recommend. If you are masicist, this is the place for you! 	5	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	I've gone to Dr. Rabot several times. He is very good about making sure you're not in pain during the procedure. His office is very clean, staff is nice, and for the most part, he does good work. However, if you do have post-op problems (like a dry socket), he sometimes has a tendency to not admit his mistakes, suggesting that you wait a few MONTHS to see if the pain will go away. Overall he's pretty good, except for this one bad tendency. 	 12/14/07	5	5	4	Insurance:Unknown
33	-1	Rude support staff, just wants to prescribe medications, irregardless of health issues. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	I've been a patient of Dr. Raynaks for several years now. He is very efficient and through in all he does.  He is a top notch Dr.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Assurant
34	1	Used him for 10 years. Will call and give blood results even if on a Sunday morning. Has never failed on a followup. I never knew a physician of this quality existed until I ran across him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	-1	I had a miscarriage and the staff was really uncaring and rude.  Dr. Ragaini didn't seem to think that it was a big deal either.  They made me feel like I was no big deal.  The staff was quick to write me off.  Everytime that I went into that office I was in there for an extra hour in the waiting room just waiting.  	2	1	2	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
35	1	Dr. Ragaini is an excellent doctor and seems to really care about her patients.  She spends time on her patients.  I would recommend her to anyone.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
35	1	. wonderful 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	1	I have been going to Dr. Ramirez since 2001. He installed a stent in my heart. I have had no further problems. He is knowledgeable and thorough. He is not the best communicator. You have to ask questions as he is not quick to give you the details unless you ask. He seems quite busy. I am not sure he remembers who I am from visit to visit and is not really interested in me as a person. He must see a lot of people. I do trust his analysis and treatment.  	3	3	4	5 	Insurance:Medicare
37	1	Awesome office they got me in for an emergency. I had broken my front tooth and was leaving in 3 days for my brothers wedding out of state. They were able to get me in and make a crown for me the same day using a cad/cam machine. I was able to watch the machine mill my crown in 10 minutes!!! Thanks Dr Rauter you saved the day.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
38	1	Dr. Rasul is amazing.  Unfortunately, she has just left the practice of Women's Physicians of Northern Virginia (she was the only good doctor at the practice).  She solved a chronic condition I have dealt with since I was young.  She is an excellent doctor.  	1	2	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
38	1	Dr. Rasul is fantastic.  I've battled some health issues for nearly 2 years - and we took a more conservative approach to treatment.  At the last check-up, she sat me down and explained why we needed to move on to a more invasive treatment.   She also took the time to have a consultant appointment and answered all of my questions regarding the next steps.  She is on-top of her game, understanding, and thorough in her practice of medicine.  I love the fact that I could bring in journal articles, studies, and challenge her on decisions, and have her calmly explain why she did or didn't agree.  There's no attitude with her.  She is confident in her experience and what she knows.  I don't know that my health problems are solved.  What I do know is that with Dr. Rasul, I have a leader who will clearly guide me to the best possible outcome for me.  She's wonderful.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
38	1	Dr. Rasul is one of the best Drs. I have ever known. She established immdiate rapport. We both moved to Tucson from DC area at the same time.  Unfortunately for me, she has returned to DC; but she offered to see me anytime I'm back in the area! Most of all she believes (as do I) that patients should be equal partners in their health care! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	1	Dr. Rasul gave me a hug when I was terrified during my pregnancy.  She is a caring, wonderful person whom I trust whole heartedly.  The rest of the other ladies at the practice are wonderful as well.  And I have to say, while Akiaa can be curt, she's also overworked and very professional.  She is a very caring person as well... as evident when she asked me if I was ready to have the sonogram pictures from my previous miscarriage.  I trust all the women at WPNV.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
38	1	I loved Dr. Rasul. She was so nice, helpful and knowledgeable when I suffered a miscarriage. Ive never felt more comfortable with a doctor before. She no longer works at the DC office, so I decided to look her up. Ashburn in far for me but I would consider having her as my doctor if I become pregnant in the future.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	1	Dr. Rasul was helpful and caring when I had a miscarriage.  She is part of the practice Women's Physicians of Northern Virginia and practices at the Ashburn office.  Her nurse Azi is very competent and helpful as well.  The environment of the Ashburn office is clean and new.  In contrast, I would not recommend the Reston office of WPNV because the main nurse at that office is rude and uninformed.  I would not recommend the Fairfax office either because the main staff person who answers the phones there is unhelpful and she seems distracted.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
39	1	Extremely personable and caring.  Knows his stuff.  Concerned about the patient.  Freely answers all questions and explains situation in clear, understandable language.  Anyone needing a cardiologist cannot do wrong with Dr. Rashduni. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	Great Doctor! Found him to be very helpful and he really seems to care about his patients and their health care options! 	4	3	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	Great Doctor 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	I have been seeing Dr. Reddy in the Chandler location for the past 3 years.  I feel she is very knowledgable, caring, and thorough.  Unfortunately, due to the lack of organization within their corporation, I will be leaving Dr. Reddy.  Wait times for scheduled appts have never been less than 45 min, but have been up to 2 hours.  The communication with the office staff is horrendous. I have attempted to contact the office via phone without receiveing any call backs and eventually wound up walking into the office to speak to someone.  When I went int last month I was told that they had recieved my messages a couple of days prior, but were backed up due to their software upgrade. This past week I had left 3 messages re: appt scheduling (my prev appts apparently were not cancelled).  My final message was demanding a call back from the office manager.  When I told her my complaints of call backs she apologized &amp; blamed the software upgrade, and re: wait time, she blamed doctor.   I'm DONE!!! 	2	1	5	4 	Insurance:CIGNA
41	0	I've been seeing Dr. Reddy and/or nurse Marie for 5 years every 2 month(so I've been to the office 30 times plus 30 times for labs). The office staff and lab techs are horrible.  There's always a staff turnover and NO ONE is nice - always moody and NO ONE cares that you've been waiting 1 hour plus.  I'm serious, if you're planning to go to this office bring a few books and mags because you are going to wait wait wait in the front office and in the exam room.  Why do I continue to see this dr&#63;  Because Endo's are very difficult to get appointments with or transfer to and from. Good luck and happy waiting!!! 	1	1	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
41	-1	Patients BEWARE - This doctor should not be practicing.  Before I was diagnosed with Thyroid Cancer I came to her because I had a small (5mm) nodule on my thyroid.  She did a biopsy that ended up feeling like liposuction and she left me terribly bruised for weeks.  To make matters worse her medical assistant called to give me my results stating that my results were benign.  I am my own advocate so I asked for a copy of my pathology report.  Well, guess what!! The pathology report said that my results were non-diagnostic (meaning that they couldn't tell) Non-diagnostic does not mean benign.  When I called to talk to Dr Reddy about this she didn't care and her medical assistant told me &quot;I just tell patients what Dr Reddy tells me to&quot;.  I tell you my experience because I have often wondered who all is walking around with thyroid cancer and she has told they are benign.  If you are a patient of hers or have been seen by her go somewhere else and get checked out.  PLEASE! I did have thyca.  	 10/21/11	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
41	0	The staff is very rude and unhelpful. The nurse practitioner Marie Perkins likes to check her emails while patients wait for more than 30 minutes. She gets annoyed when you politely inform her that you have been waiting long. The Dr. herself seems to be a very clumsy person. Her appearance and dressing sense does not give me any confidence that she cares much about hygiene. Ohh and its YOUR responsibility to keep calling them to make sure they billed your insurance and received their money, otherwise they will send you a letter months later threatening you to pay up or they will send your account to collection. Take my advice and find another endocrinologist. 	1	2	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
41	0	WHEN you see the Dr., she is very compassionate and takes the time to listen.  However, most times I am either scheduled with a NP (Nurse Practioner) and PA (Physician's Sssistant), so I feel the care is inconsistent.  I am a newly diagnosed diabetic which is not yet controlled, so the lack of seeing the same person is disturbing.  If you have a question or reactions to meds and need direction and counseling, it is next to impossible to get a return call or speak to a live person.  Their voicemail indicates you will receive a return call with 48 hours and that is unacceptable if you have a real concern.  I will be switching doctors for sure.  This is not the kind of patient care that leaves me feeling well taken care of.  	1	2	2	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
41	1	Dr Reddy is very good. I have been seeing her for 4 years. Her diagnostic skills are excellent. She diagnosed my thyroid disease and got my diabetes under control. My A1C has gone from 8 to 6.3 where it has been stable for the last year. Unfortunately, her staff overlaps appointments and the last year, I have had to wait almost an hour past my appointment time.I would highly reccomend her. Just be prepared to spend 1 to 2 hours per visit.  	2	1	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
41	0	I hate this office. I've been going to Dr. Reddy for 4 long years for tx of Graves disease.  To start the front office staff and medical assistants are lazy with bad attitudes.  Also, every appointment I wait one hour plus just in the waiting room then 30 minutes plus in the exam room.  As a Doctor she's knowledgeable but always in a hurry and rushed.  Furthermore, the chandler office is old, small, and dirty.  	1	1	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
41	0	Average wait is 50 mins, the staff do not return calls it seems that there is very little effort on their part. 	1	1	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	Dr. Reddy is a great doctor, but her staff and trying to actually reach her is impossible.  The office is terrible!  Average wait time 60 min+.  Phone calls, they take DAYS to be returned.  Aug 10 MRI done, Aug 17 after MANY messages, find out 5mm mass in pituitary from nurse, the doctor will discuss in your next appointment 2 more weeks away!  As for nurse Perkins,VERY rude.  I complained about waiting for over an hour to see her, when the office called me twice to come in earlier.  Why ask me to come in early if you are not going to see me for an hour...answer, they wanted to leave at 3:30 that day.  	1	2	3	4 	Insurance:CIGNA
41	-1	My first visit with Dr. Reddy was back in July/August. She did an Ultrasound and biopsy on 2 Thyroid nodules.She tells me to come back in Oct, get the blood work a wk before the appt and it has to be by her in house lab. I get the blood work done show up for my appt waited way too long to see her and when I finally did her assistant tells me that the computer system went down and they have no info on me at all. She comes in asks me &quot;why are you here&#63;&quot; Your blood work looks fine, throws some synthroid samples at me and leaves. Sends a bill to my insurance Co. for $225.00 for this visit. Her front desk people and lab tech are hallusious. They stand around chit chatting to each other and ignor checking you in or out. The professional approach would have been to call me and cancel the appt and reschedule when their Computer was up and running.They will also give you a hard time if you need your records. Dr. Reddy personnally makes this difficult.  	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:AARP
41	1	I've been treated by Dr Reddy for the past 5 yrs for Graves Disease.  She's very knowledgeable and always takes time to review my lab results with me and explain them in detail.  Her accent makes her a bit difficult to understand but I just ask her to repeat herself and she does.  Her Chandler office staff is just okay and the Phoenix office staff is terrible (doesn't return phone calls and isn't cooperative).  Her physician assistant Marie has been very short and rude with me and I prefer not to see her although I think she is capable of doing her job.  If you can put up with the support staff then I believe Dr Reddy is worth going to in my opinion.  She's done a great job controlling my Grave's Disease.  	2	2	3	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
41	-1	I have been very disappointed with the doctor and her staff.  Everyone from the receptionist and technician to the doctor herself have been very unprofessional and could not be any less thorough.  I had a ct scan done and none of it was explained to me, I had blood work done and had to hunt down the results which were delivered by a secretary who just read me numbers and could not explain them to me.  I have called to speak to the doctor several times over the last week, as my symptoms are getting worse and have yet to get a call back. I have never been so frustrated with a medical professional before and would not recommend her to anyone.  	1	2	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
41	-1	Dr. Reddy herself is knowledgeable, however she does not take the necessary time needed and does not listen.  I have been several appointments at both the Chandler and Scottsdale locations over the course of 3+ years and have never waited less than 1 1/2 hours each time to see someone.  When I finally get called back I am generally just seeing the nurse, even though I am billed as if I see the doctor.  It takes about a half dozen phone calls to the office before anyone will call you back, even regarding lab results.  I have had to wait months at a time to hear back on lab results. In addition, I have been given wrong dosages on 2 different prescriptions. The office staff are very unhelpful and there is a huge lack of effort. I would highly recommend choosing a different doctor.  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
41	1	I've been seeing Dr Reddy for 4 years and she has a done an excellent job diagnosing me and treating my Graves Disease.  I highly recommend her to anyone needing a knowledeable endo doc. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
41	0	They cancelled my appointment 2 time. Both times I got a call late at night and it went to voicemail. I showed up at the office unfortunately each time. Very unprofessional!The time they finally did get me in they stuck me with a nurse and did not even plan to let me see the Dr. Im sorry but if im thinking I have diabetes you should let me see the Dr im paying to see! Bottom line is, I was forced to go to another Dr after giving up on this Dr. Reddys operation 3x. Super unprofessional and they just want to milk you for office visit charges. Also when they did draw blood the Phlebotomist they have working there who is also the person doing the phones blew out my vein and it took a month to heal! Steer clear of this place.  	1	1	2	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
41	1	I can't say enough good things about Dr. Reddy. She is one of the most intelligent doctors I have ever been treated by, and she listens and asks questions and actually listens to your answers! I have always felt like I have had excellent care, and I would (and do) recommend her to anyone I know who needs and endocrinologist.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
41	1	Dr Reddy has been my doctor for the past 2 years and has done an awesome job! I've seen her at both of her locations, in Chandler and Phoenix, and both offices staff are friendly and knowledgeable. You don't have long waits and they do blood work right there in the office! If it weren't for my insurance changing to United, I would still be seeing Dr.  Reddy! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
41	1	Everyone was always helpful and friendly. Dr. Reddy dx'd my condition of Hashimoto's immediately, something my previous Dr. Alan Lewis failed to do. She no longer takes UHC so see my family Dr. for bloodwork and synthroid.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
41	1	Very friendly, aggressive treatment, and very helpful. Highly reccommened. 	1	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	I have only seen this doctor once, but she was right on time and she gave helpful suggestions to help lower my A1C.  I was very impressed.  	4	5	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
41	-1	She is not at all personable and she misdiagnosed my endometrial cancer. When I reported to her my uncontrollable bleeding, she said it was being caused by aldactone, that I was taking for hair loss. She never suggested seeing my gynecologist at all. When I was diagnosed, the gynecologist and oncologist both shook their heads when I told them about her.  		1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
42	-1	Sitting in the waiting room an hour after the appt time and not called yet. If I wouldn't get arrested I would urinate on the receptionists and then leave and find a new place. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	Dr. Ransom performed a very complicated scoliosis corrective surgery on me 13 years ago and he was wonderful! He made sure I was extremely informed, accomodated me as an out of town surgical patient and made sure I had the best, top notch care during my surgery and recovery. I would definitely choose him again if I were to need further orthopedic care. His staff was always helpful and very pleasant. I recovered nicely and even though I finished my recovery at home in Las Vegas, he contacted me severeal times to ensure I was healing well and to make sure I made my follow-ups with him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
42	-1	Dr. Ransom suggested that my leg & foot possibly be amputated because of an infection in my ankle.  Another orthopedist succesfully performed surgery on the ankle & I am fully healed and able to walk on that foot.  Stay away from this orthopedist! 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	I absolutely love this doctor. She is very knowledgeable and helpful.  I never once had to reschedule on her behalf and she was right by my side during my delivery.  I strongly suggest this doctor if you're expecting.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	1	DR. RECINE VERY CONCERNED ABOUT PATIENT  NEEDS BOTH PHYSICAL AND MENTAL.  I FEEL VERY FORTUNATE TO HAVE THISDOCTOR AS A CARE GIVER 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	1	Friendly, knowledgeable, makes you feel comfortable.  Dr. Recine and her staff are extremely diligent and accommodating.   Love her! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
45	-1	This doctor was very rude and yelled at me.  The office staff (April) was sarcastic and unhelpful.  Dr. Ralph has no business working with people.  I would rather go to urgent care next time than spend any time with this doctor or her staff.  They were so unprofessional, rude, sarcastic I felt like crap after I left her office.  In addition to this, I could hear everything she had to say about her other patients, names, diagnoses, and medications which she stated loudly down the hall to her staff.  She had this kind of nervous laugh when I told her that I was sick, like she enjoyed it.  This doc has mental issues.  I would recommend my new doctor, Dr. Miller.  He listens and is very good.  In addition to being treated like crap, I overheard her say that one of her clients smelt badly, and was spraying room freshener down the hall as she joked about how bad the patient smelt.  If you like being treated badly, then go to Dr. Ralph.   -Joseph 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	-1	not recommended. Dr is arrogant, rude, and doesnt listen.  will not return 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:HealthFirst
45	-1	MOST UNPROFESSIONAL office I have ever experienced! After having gone thru major surgery I was looking for general health answers, we turned to our PCP, DR Ralph. After HORRIBLE, RUDE attitude from April (if you use this office avoid her like the plague!) After waiting several hours for a callback April said Dr. R can see you in the next few minutes KNOWING we are 35 minutes away. When I explained it was physically impossible to get there, I got a whole lot of tude from April saying TOO BAD- WOW what a caring attitude. When I politely advised her I didn't care for her RUDE attitude, she got worse and then DR. R (who couldn't bother to speak to me but instead listened as April spoke) got on the phone and started yelling &quot;just because you don't feel well doesn't mean the office needs to cater to your needs!&quot; WOW, WHAT a caring attitude- NOT! Needless to say the discussion turned from patient care to defending April.  After a verbal scuffle, we promptly terminated this office for our care! 	1	4	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	1	She has helped me for over 12 yrars. Very friendly, you can ask any question about any thing and get an honest answer.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
45	1	Dr. Ralph's staff is very unprofessional. I personally think she hires people who are in training from local schools so she doesn't have to pay them. April, the receptionist is very nice. Dr. Ralph needs to follow-up with test results and we should be called right away.  	1	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
45	-1	I witness doctor expressing that a patient with a MRSA wound, that was oozing pus, should not  cover the wound but leave it open to the air to better heal.  MRSA is highly contagious and the CDC recommends that any MRSA wound should be covered until healed to avoid the spread of MRSA.  	2	4	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	0	April, the receptionist is extremely unfriendly and rude.  When you ask her a question, she gives you an &quot;of course&quot; kind of answer with an attitude in her voice.  She doesn't even say hello when she checks you in for an appointment and never smiles.  I am switching doctors due to how uncomfortable I feel going there.  Her student doctor is also unkind and didn't even say hello to me on my second visit, one week after the first visit. On the upside, it is very easy to get an appointment - usually the next day and the wait time in the lobby is minimal.  	1	5	2	4 	Insurance:Aetna
45	-1	Started out as a great Dr.  I no longer feel this way.  Very unfriendly now staff as well as Dr.  Escpecially when you can hear the Dr. speaking about you in the reception room while you are in an exam room waiting for her. I started wondering if I was even going to see her at all.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
45	-1	I don't understand the positive reviews for this doctor. As soon as I walked in she started pouring on the scare tactics, and she said some things I know are incorrect. Why do doctors always assume their patients have no medical knowledge at all&#63; I have a degree in histotechnology, so I know enough to spot an incompetent doctor. Dr. Ralph was recommended by a co-worker. This co-worker has gotten a lot less healthy since she started seeing Dr. Ralph. I would not recommend this doctor to anyone.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Pacificare
45	1	Small office and staff - personalized service! They remember you from one visit to the next.   Dr. Ralph does give referrals to specialist when needed. She likes to determine the cause of a problem rather than mask the symptoms with more prescriptions. I've found that if I do ask for a new medication, she will discuss it and if warranted, will give it to me - at least on a trial basis.   Dr. Ralph will send you home with samples, if they are available and it is a new medicine she prescribed. It saves me money and I can see if there are side effects before I but a whole months supply. Dr. Ralph is also very good with communicating with your other doctors, if needed.  A very caring and upbeat office.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
45	1	staff was helpful and cheerful on the phone and dr ralph went into great detail in regards to my lab results.I feel like this office listens to my concerns. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	-1	This doctor seemed wonderful at first.  But then she ordered a great deal of expensive tests for which she never shared results.  I had to call several times to finally get results.  I scheduled an appointment to discuss these results, and when she arrived, she hadn't even looked at the results.  She gave me an interpretation that changed as she read them, which was confusing.  She then acted annoyed that she didn't understand the results.  	3	4	2	2 	Insurance:CIGNA
45	-1	I did not feel she respected me or listened to me at all. One of my lab test results has improved a great deal in the past year but she gave me the kind of scolding a doctor gives a patient who is totally neglecting their health. My number is now in the acceptable range according to a reputable medical website, but she told me it is not. She asked me to call her when I decided what type of treatment to pursue, but when I called I was only allowed to talk to her medical assistant, not her. I have never had a doctor who refused to speak to me on the phone. Her attitude was very offensive.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
45	1	After going through four doctors who weren't listening to me, i finally found one who did, Dr. Ralph. I feel comfortable with her and she answers all of my many questions and doesn't force me into doing anything i'm not comfortable with.  There should be more doctors like her! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
45	1	Dr. Ralph isn't into the script pad like so many doctors are. She evaluates symptoms as a whole, and isn't into treating symptoms, but finding out what all is going on with someone & dealing with the issues in as natural a way as possible.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
45	1	Shee is always very nice and will answer my questions.  	 8/6/07	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
46	1	wONDERFUL DOCTOR.  THE BEST SURGEON FOR PROSTATE SURGERY!  CAME FROM OUT OF STATE BASED ON HIS REPUTATION AND HE DID NOT LET ME DOWN.   3 YRS W &quot;0&quot; PSA! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
47	1	Dr. Redtfeldt is fantastic and I am happy to wait for her.  She never rushes me.  I have been her patient for 5 years and she has treated almost every member of my family.  She must have a great education as she has treated my children for their constant ear infections (ear tubes were a God send), she treated my grandfather for a skin cancer and for dizziness, she treated my nephew for a neck cyst and I have seen her for sinus problems.  She does run late, but I have never run into a patient of hers that  was not FULLY taken care of.  I would rather wait for some one good than see an on-time doctor that spends 3 minutes with me.  	4	2	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
47	1	This doctor is knowledgeable and answers your questions thoroughly.  She is great with children, but is NEVER on time.  We waited for over an hour for an early morning appointment, and when I complained to her about the wait she just smiled and said &quot;Have you ever known me to be on time&#63;&quot; and was totally dismissive.  If you arrive late for an appointment KNOWING this, they will charge you a missed appointment fee.  I even called before I left to ask if she was on time!  I won't go back - my time is too important.  	3	1	3	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	1	Very knowledgeable,experienced, prompt.treats you based on your disease. And not based on what insurance you have 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	. punctual caring and experienced, office staff needs to improve on getting back 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
48	1	Best gi doctor ever. I would recommend him without reservation 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
49	1	Great doctor, I wish there were more like her. My husband and I both see her and she has been wonderful taking care of us. Never rushing, always listens and has great bed side manors and her diagnosis is always right on. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
50	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	Dr. Reed is not only a fine doctor, he is a wonderful and caring person. I was ready to take my own life, and I decided to go to Dr. Reed because of my family, and because of this decision, I am still on this earth today, thank god for this man, he is my hero! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
51	1	Absolutely the best Family Practice guy out there. If he doesn't know something, he looks it up. More people in medicine should have the smarts to do that. You can't possibly know everything about every problem. He has saved my life.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
52	1	Dr. Rastegar-Lari did an amazing job on my tooth. It is a work of art and I highly recommend this dentist in Tucson for all your dentistry needs. His staff is very kind and professional and his work was painless! I live about 2000 miles away and I will always come back to him for all my dental work. Thank you Dr. Rastegar-Lari for such a great job! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	Friendly down to earth and caring.  What all doctors should aspire to be!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	-1	dr. was 1-1/2 hour late for apt. staff didn't tell us doc usually did hospital calls suring the time they made our apt. During our wait, the staff dissapeared out of sight. Never told us doc would be late. when doc arrived, she did not appologized for the long wait. Was very upset that my test reports were not in yet, and yet it was obvious that they would be. Offered to come back at later date, was not content with that idea. Was very uncarring to my needs. There was no compromise as to care, very demanding and unsensitive and rude both to me and my husband. Acted like a spoiled child.  Was even dressed like a school girl with short skirt and sweater. But that didn't matter.  Would never go back to her.  	 7/4/09	1	1	1	Insurance:Medicare
54	-1	My father was sick in the ICu.She appeared to panic when he got sicker.She kept asking us to let him die.He got better despite her attitude. I do not think she is interested in patients who she thinks involve more work or take up her time 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
54	1	 	4	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
55	0	Receptionist is an idiot. She doesn't know what she is doing, a dizzy. Not pleasant either.  The doctor is excellent.  Nice bedside manner.  	1	1	1	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
55	1	The staff seems to need some help but Dr. is very helpful, kind and caring.  Soft spoken with good bedside manner.  I was nervous about test but he made the difference for me to do what I knew had to be done.  I like him.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
55	1	This man truely cares about colon cancer.  He is very knowledgeable and empathetic with his patients.  Patients come from far and wide for his expertise.  I have used him exclusively for 20 years without one negative experience. 	2	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
55	-1	Their staff is very ignorant.  They have messed up billing more than once.  He isn't a real people person.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
56	1	Very friendly easy to talk to.  She helped me through a difficult car accident with multiple injuries.  She was very knowledgeable with the treatment plan.   I would recommend her to my family and friends 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
57	-1	DO NOT SEE THIS DOCTOR- or anybody in his office. The staff is horrible. The doctor cares nothing but of himself. We had an appointment and called the office because we got lost. They gave us WRONG directions sending us across town, and then when we finally got there late, THEY REFUSED TO SEE US!! We complained to the manager, and then rescheduled. Then they called us and said they WON'T SEE US AGAIN! Because we complained! Do yourself a favor- give somebody else your money. Dr. Ramos is completely jaded and only cares about himself, he absolutely does NOT care about his patients.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
57	1	He is extremely kind and supportive. Listens to the patient and is genuinely concerned for my overall well-being. Also extremely caring and addresses all my concerns consistently.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
58	-1	Dr. consistently sits and types at computer almost the whole visit. 	3	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	.  Dr. Razzaq was very professional - he asked plenty of what seemed to me to be cogent questions, and came up with treatment plans that made sense to me.    He is not warm-fuzzy friendly - but - neither did he come across as cold or uncaring - just VERY professinal and VERY knowledgable & effecient.  .  I will be considering his as my personal &quot;family&quot; doctor while I am in Arizona for a few months each year.  	3	4	4	5 	Insurance:Medicare
58	-1	Dr. Razzaq was unfriendly and didn't seemed to be annoyed with the questions being asked. 		4	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
59	-1	In my opinion this Dr. has a very apathetic attitude towards his patients.I took my 12 year old daughter to an ER at a hospital in Oklahoma.He told me he thought she was playing possum.He never came back into the exam room to check on her as her condition worsened.Every time I looked out in the hall, he was just walking around or sitting down by the ER desk.She died less than twelve hours later from bacterial meningitis.He also wrote in her chart she was playing possum.I've had another person tell me that he told them their family member was playing possum when that family member was having a heart attack.I feel like he could've done a lot more to help my daughter at a critical point where time was of the essence to save her life.He was at the door with his little suitcase 15 minutes before his shift was over to go home.This Dr. has practiced in several states. Why does he keep moving from state to state&#63; Why did he suddenly leave the hospital he was at that I took my daughter to&#63; 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	Dr. Radomsky is a very caring and knowledgable pediatrician.  He talks to us with respect and always takes great care of our 10 month old baby boy.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
60	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	. Good Doctor very  understanding and very  helpful 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Banner Health
62	1	I found Dr Ramam to be attentive and concerned...very knowledgable and clear on his explanations...good physician overall .  	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Tricare
62	-1	This guy thinks he knows everything but doesn't seem to..refuses to listen..very rude..I wouldn't send a sick dog to him 	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
62	-1	THIS DR. REFUSES TO LISTEN AND ALMOST KILLED MY WIFE...RUN FROM HIM IF YOU CAN 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	Dr. Reavis and his staff are amazing.  My entire family has been going to see him and his hygenist Kim for years!  Always a pleasant experience!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	Good Doc.  He was very helpful along with his office staff.  Wait time was very short which was nice. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	Dr. Roman Rector was very nice.  He does like to get straight to the point, but he answered all of my question and didn't make me feel pressured into treatments that I didn't need.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
65	1	Went in for a last minute cleaning and was so happy with Dr. Rao and his staff. Everyone is so nice and Dr. Rao was so gentle with my sensitive teeth. They are totally affordable and did a great job.  Will definitely be going back! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
65	1	I love this place!! I had an emergency toothache and they were able to see me right away even though I could tell they were very busy. The office is very nice and updated inside. The doctor and staff were so helpful and nice and the procedure went so easy. Highly recommended.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
65	-1	He is unusally rough and I have found that he has over charged many patients from what the price was quoted. He does not give you what you are promised before he starts. He tells you that you will receive 2 full sets of dentures and charges for the 2 full sets (immediats & perm) but then when the time comes to get the perm set he wants to bill the insurance company again and you only end up with one set. Plus he charges for religns which you normally get 1 included in the cost of the dentures. I found that he billed my insurance company for more surgical extractions than I really had and he made alot more money than he should have. His office staff are horrible. He should be reported to the someone to have him investigated.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
66	1	. very satisfied with her knowledge of my diagnosis and her compassion 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
66	-1	On the third visit I shared with Dr. Reid my struggle with opiate pain meds and other addictions.There are not things that were prescribed to me in her office.2 weeks later she wrote me a note discharging me from her facility because she said she was scared about it.I have found a more seasoned doctor in whom I can trust.Dr.Sutherland at Chino Valley Medical Center.I was so embarressed that I shared this information with Dr.Reid after she wrote me a note telling me I could no longer see her after 1 month.I am thankful I have found a doctor who is understanding an professional;as well as mature and experienced.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	-1	Totally disinterested in my case. I had suffered a fall and was concerned that I had cracked ribs. He listened to my lungs and gave me a perscription for pain neds and an x ray. Didn't check for bruising, tenderness, didn't ask about other symptoms. I wouldn't go back and see him.  	3	3	2	2 	Insurance:CIGNA
67	0	I've seen Dr. Reeder a few times.  He's ok, but he seems uninterested and a bit rude.  He prescribed me some cough medicine and I asked about taking herbal supplements with it.  He said &quot;we have no way to know what drugs are in those supplements&quot;.  My naturopath seems to know what's in them... 	5	5	3	2 	Insurance:Unknown
67	0	Dr. Reeder was our family physician for over 10 years.  I used to think he was an excellent doctor as well as individual.  Until recently I had a disagreement with one of his staff members over the phone about a bill we had never recieved. The staff member lied and stated I had cussed her out when it was actually the exact opposite.  After trying to speak with Dr. Reeder about the bill, even after paying for it, he discharged us as patients! His staff lied and due to this we were left without a doctor after being with his office for more than 10 years. Also mixed up records of ours with other family members and was not providing the right care due to the error. Very disappointing to a once great relationship.  	1	3	2	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	1	Dr. Reeder has been my DR. for years. I had several Mrsa Staph infections, which had to be lanced (a painful process). He was very gentile. He is also personable; I really feel I can talk to him. There was one instance when the infection didn't drain as he expected, So he called a specialist on the phone while i sat in the office just to be sure everything was ok. He had me come back in 2 days and everything was fine but I like a guy who is not afraid to double check himself. When the office is busy the wait is long like any Dr. however, I have had visits in which I was in and out in 45 min.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
67	1	Dr. Reeder was very good to me.  He has a high degree of knowledge.  His staff at the front desk seemed overworked.  	3	2	4	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
67	1	I don't know what you are all talking about. Dr. Reeder is an amazing doctor and the nicest man you'll ever meet. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
67	0	WAS TOLD I HAD FLU WHEN IN FACT I HAD ANYRUSM ON MAIN AREOTA. cOULD HAVE DIED BUT I WENT BACK AND WAS CORRECTLY DIAGONESED BY ANOTHER DR. 	5	5	5	1 	Insurance:Unknown
67	-1	he is no help once so ever he was ruded and not caring once so ever 	2	3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
67	0	Generally was good. Gave me bad advice about the amount of a prescription drug I could take. This was confirmed by pharmasist. 		3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	During my visit I felt that I was treated very well.I would absolutely recommend this doctor to my family and friends.  I felt this visit was an amazing success!Overall I would rate this visit : outstanding! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
68	0	I have been using Dr. Rappoport for many years.  He has helped me somewhat, but I am still in pain and taking pain killers.  His staff is the slowest and inefficient and has no real office procedures to run it.  If your employer requires documentation do not expect to get it on the date required, it could be a month.  Do not expect to be seen at appointments scheduled time, because there is no such thing. Appt at 1000am and you will not be seen until 1100am.  	2	2	3	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
68	0	Dr. Rappoport's bedside manner was somewhat less professional that expected. No follow-up or anything after his services.  	5	3	2	3 	Insurance:CIGNA
68	-1	This Dr.  is the worst in the business he has the worst bedside manors and I can stand this Dr. I had back surgery in January of last year and I am still in pain to this day.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Pacificare
68	1	Dr. Rappoport performed my father's back surgery and then my own back surgery, and we would whole-heartedly recommend him to anyone needing surgery.   Our satisfaction is 100%. He's the one to go to if your previous surgeries didn't live up to expectations. I trust him, and that's what counts.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	1	Thanks to Dr.Rappoport I'm actually pain free for the first time in 12 years.  His knowledge was incredable.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Pacificare
69	-1	I took my 85 year old father to reese. All we needed was something to help my father sleep at night. reese did ~5 minutes of memory tests and concluded my father had Alzheimers. Reese insisted on getting a brain scan done, then we had to wait another month for the results of the scan, which was another appointment. The appointment to discuss the scan results, reese was 30 minutes late, and we were his first appointment of the day.                                                                            At the end, reese refused to write a prescription to help my father sleep at night--I told the jerk on the first visit all we wanted was a prescription to help my father sleep at night. Go find a real doctor.  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
69	1	EXCELLANT DOCTOR_ CARING&lt; RETURNS ALL PHONE CALLS&lt; PUNCTUAL.   Makes you feel that you are not just a patient but a person- explains everything in detail-Wonderful- Improved my condition tremendously!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	1	DR REESE IS SO DEDICATED TO HIS PATIENTS. HE IS ALWAYS THERE FOR YOU WHEN YOU NEED HELP. IAM ONE OF HIS PATIENT WHO HAS BEEN SEEING HIM SINCE 2007 AND THE EXTEND THAT HE GOES WHEN GIVING ME TREATMENTS REALLY TOUCHES MY HEART. HE SEEMS TO BE A VERY POPULAR DOCTOR WITHIN THE HOSPITAL.I THANK HIM FOR THE GOOD SERVICE THAT HE PROVIDE AND ITS SO AMAZING HOW KNOWLEDGEABLE HE IS. HE WAS MEANT FOR THE KIND OF JOB HE DOES.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	-1	Patient for many years. A single time I had to cancel an appointment last minute. The following day the secretary refused to schedule another appointment for me.  I was then told to go find another Neurologist! 	1	2	1	3 	Insurance:Aetna
69	1	Dr. Reese has treated me for a number of neurological problems that other doctors couldn't correctly diagnose. He is very compassionate, especially with close family members of those being treated for serious long term procedures. He is dedicated and excellent diagnostican of neurological problems, and you will not be sorry utilizing his services. When no one else can diagnose my problems, I go to Dr. Reese and he has always found the problem.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
69	1	When my primary care Dr was unable to diagnose the source of my chronic pain I was referred to Dr Reese.  He listened carefully, tested thoroughly, and followed up on everything. Don't expect warm and fuzzy, but do expect professional, knowledgeable, and very thorough.  You won't be disappointed.  I highly recommend Dr Reese.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
69	-1	We found that Dr. Reese Diagnosed  my wife's Alzheimers with one hospital visit and ne testing,Officw visits have been very short and not terribly friendly. This experience is not the norm for other doctors we see. I know Dr. Reese is very bright and very busy and I hope I'm not misjudging him. 	2	2	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
70	-1	I was a patient under the care of Allison, Dr Reeds PA. Allison was always very pushy about excessive amounts of medication, if you want to have a say in your care and object they discharge you. I have had several appts and each time the PA was always running late but seemed hurried when it was my turn. 	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
70	-1	Not very helpful with outside referrals and untimely.  Does not believe the patient and wants to push medications that may not be necessary.  When questioned she becomes irritated and mean. 	1	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	The staff was very friendly and professional.  Only once I had to wait for about 40 minutes past my appointment time.  Dr. Reed is very helpful in that she will always take the time to listen to your concerns without making you feel rushed.  She is very caring and knowledgeable and if there is something that requires a little research, she is very honest and will let you know - at which point she will get back to you most times before you leave the office.  The only reason I am no longer a patient is because I moved out of the state but would definitely return as a patient should I return to the area.  I highly recommend Dr. Reed. 	 9/9/09	5	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
71	-1	He disabled me for the rest of my life and never even said he was sorry.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
71	-1	This man showed up at my surgery and said:&quot; I am going to take care of you.Don't worry&quot;. He is too hyper to calm a person down before a surgery.I think somebody left him from the set of Young Frankenstein movie.He also has quite a few complaints on the medical board website. 		5	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	I was referred to Dr. Priya (as everyone calls her) after I was seen in the ER at St. Joe's (during my first w/e after I moved here). I currently live in Tempe, but I'll drive to her office any day. It's hard to get in to see her, but she's so compassionate, understanding, and knowledgeable.  Excellent care and very dedicated 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
72	1	 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	Dr. Reckart is a very down to earth and easy to talk to. I highly recommend her for anyone who has psychiatric needs.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
73	1	Super doc...helpful, compassionate, and knowledgable. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	Dr. Reckart is a fabulous p doc. She is easy to talk to and is truly knowledgeable about medications. She always calls me back personally whenever I have needed a medication fixed or tweaked. I love going to her so far. No complaints! :) 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
74	-1	He is very rude as well as the office staff is.  You always wait way past your appointment time.  He even tried to cancel my appointment once when I had already paid my co-pay and was sitting in the waiting room.  I have since switched doctors.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
74	-1	This doctor is rude.  He is disrespectful and has very little empathy.  When I requested to see another dr within the practice I was told that Dr. Raymock would not ALLOW it.  There are 7 other doctors within the practice and he would NOT allow it -- really&#63;!  Because I did not want to see him any longer I was forced to leave the practice -- which is very sad because I love the PA that I would see there.  	3	3	1	2 	Insurance:Aetna
74	-1	Overbooked appointments. Felt like McDonald's. I got rushed in, then he spent less than 10 minutes. I had questions. He &amp; his staff were irritated that I had questions &amp; a list of 3 things I wanted to discuss.  Will not be back. I don't think they would care either. 	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
74	1	He is very busy, but does not rush me and shows patience and appears to be very through.  	4	3	4	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
74	-1	Dr. Raymock has a tendency to not believe his patients symptoms. He is very boastful and arrogant. He refuses to prescribe the meds patients need regardless of how long their history is with his practice.  	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
75	1	Very good doctor. Asked detailed questions about symptoms, listened carefully. Rather than just prescribing birth control pills, she ordered several tests which revealed a bleeding disorder! Discussed courses of treatment and referral to a hematologist. Would hightly recommend Dr. Rau.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
75	-1	As our current OB/GYN, she seems a bit reserved. We have to ask her to explain certain concepts, and she seems to gloss over them. Rather than explaining things on her volition, she must be prodded a bit. This in no way implies that she provides substandard care, just that her manner is a bit distant. I say this due to the fact our former OB/GYN was very informative and information flowed freely from her, without having to be asked.  	5	5	2	2 	Insurance:CIGNA
75	1	The list in here is incorrect.  Dr. Rau is at 6036 N 19th Ave, Suite 401 (602)249-1377.  I took some time to locate her since the number listed states she moved to California and she didn't, she is still in Arizona.  What a great doctor.  She took time to explain things to me and wasn't quick to jump on the surgery bandwagon.  I would recommend her to anyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
76	-1	Horrible Experience!  Dr. Raines performed a &quot;routine&quot; sinus and deviated septum surgery on me and damaged the structure of my nose, causing the bridge to lose shape.  I now have to have corrective procedures and Dr. Raines isn't acknowledging any responsibility.  I'm very disappointed in this doctor and would not recommend him to anyone.  	3	1	1	3 	Insurance:CIGNA
76	1	Dr. Raines is an excellent physician.  Two of our kids have had the unfortunate need for surgery and he was the surgeon for both.  Very skilled, and so kind.  Great bedside manner...both with the kids and in talking with us parents. (and all the questions and concerns that usually entails.)  We have passed his name/number off to others on more than one occasion.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
76	1	Dr. Raines and his OFFICE staff are wonderful.  I had some issues with the schedculer but Dr. Raines himself tracked me down and scheduled my surgery.  He is very skilled and very detailed.   I think Lisa his nurse rounds out this duo with professionalism and such sincere caring that I genuinly felt concern for my wellbeing 	5	3	3	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
76	-1	When Doctor Raines says &quot;you won't call me a liar&quot; you know he'll be lying to you in about a millisecond.  This man seems to think he is someone exceedingly important.  He is so important that he can not be bothered by his patients.  What is more important than the patients&#63;  When someone on this site said that other doctors call Dr. Raines for help, I know otherwise.  In fact, I was told that the other ENTs in Phoenix all think he's a joke and should retire.  He also claims to be a pediatric specialist and he hasn't even had any special pediatric training. Don't waste your time bothering him as a patient.  I wish I hadn't.  	3	2	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
76	1	Dr Raines is an excellent clinician however he could definitely improve his bedside manner. He was not very personable or warm. 	4	3	3	5 	Insurance:Unknown
76	1	Dr Raines has done three procedures on our daughter, and is an incredible Dr! I would recommend him to anyone. I've not had to wait to see him any longer than at any other Dr's office, and he is always very friendly.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
76	1	Dr. Raines was wonderful!!! I had Thyroid cancer that spread to my Lymphnodes and he was the one who did the surgery. He was terrific. Anyone who says otherwise must work for another doctor. The man saved my life and his staff was very kind to me. He is the man other doctors call when they have questions. If you need surgery this is the ENT to call.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
76	-1	I went to Dr. Raines as he was in &quot;Top Docs&quot; in Phoenix Magazine when I desparately needed an ENT professional. What a disappointment. There was a wait in his office every time I went. His staff was abrupt and curt. This should have been an indication of what was to come. Dr. Raines talks AT you rather than TO you. He explains nothing. If you ask questions, he visibly acts annoyed and inconvenienced. On top of that, he misdiagnosed me. I continued to have tests through other specialists. &quot;Accidently&quot; they found what should have been found by Raines a year earlier! When my personal MD saw the X-rays, he &quot;very cautiously&quot; stated Raines should not have missed it. I only went back to Raines to have the surgery because he had all my info. When I asked him about how he missed it, he became abrupt and agitated and stated, &quot;These things happen.&quot; I would NEVER recommend this man to anyone. There are better ENT's in PHX.  It will be easy to find one better than Raines & staff 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
76	0	Dr. Raines needs to retire. He has over stayed. He has become very jaded. 		3	1	5 	Insurance:Unknown
76	1	Absolutely worth the wait! Fantastic bedside manner, extremely skilled surgeon. A genuine person who truly cares about his patients, Dr. Raines makes you feel like you're the most important patient in his practice. Wish he was my regular GP! 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
77	-1	.  	5	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
78	1	Dr. Ravi is fantastic! She takes care of all four of my kids. I followed her from her old practice to her new one at Pleasant Pediatrics. I have to drive 20+ farther to go see her but it is worth every minute. She remembers everything and is the only doctor I've ever met that actually calls to follow up on how her patients are doing. I think she truly cares about all her kids.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
79	1	Luv. Ms. Annette Raddatz and her ability to heal the mind body and soul, amazing and astounding results, a natural born healer, I can walk again! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
80	0	I found her difficult to deal with in terms of getting referrals. I did not really want to see her for health care needs such as dermatology and my insurance required referrals for the best benefits. I would often have to have a long debate or discussion with her to have her write a referral. At one point she asked me I am just a paper pusher for you. She is though very smart and very kind but has her own way of doings things. If your insurance plan required referrals she could be difficult to deal with. 	5	5	1	5 	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	I've been going to Dr. Rash for about 8 years. Although I'm very nervous in any doctor's office, she does her best to make me feel comfortable. Very easy to talk to, very knowledgeable, up to date on medical issues, and very kind. Good about returning calls and reporting on test results. I give her an A+++.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
80	1	I started going to Dr. Rash when she was fresh out of college.  Nice and friendly, lots of knowledge.  As she built her practice, it became harder and harder to get an appointment with her.  When I'm sick, I need someone now not in 2 weeks when I am better.  So I said adios.  If you live close to her office and don't mind waiting then she is a good doctor.  Otherwise find a bigger group, and a doctor that has someone who can cover.  	2	2	4	4 	Insurance:CIGNA
80	1	Dr. Rash is the best!  Very knowledgeable and helpful. If she doesn't know she will find out.  Always on time -- never had to wait more than five minutes past appointment time. Early appointments are a plus for those of us who work. Dr. Rash calls herself to report on lab results.  Staff are very well trained and cheerful. I have been a patient for over four years and am very lucky to have found Dr. Rash. I have referred many co-workers to her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
81	1	I have never had to wait more that 20 minutes to see him. I was never refused a same day appointment request. He was professionally dressed. I find it hard to believe that he wore sweats as a previous reviewer said. He explained my conditions is understandable detail. Overall, I have been very happy.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
81	1	I have never had to wait for Dr. Rauscher more than 10 min- usually less. He is very intelligent, patient and always has excellent recommendations. I have never seen him look anyway but professional. He has always given me internet information about the reason for my visit before I leave. I had to leave a doctor I loved after many years and Dr. Rauscher is the one he recommended. I am pleased to be his patient. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	I disagree with a majority of these comments regarding Dr. Rauscher. I have been under his care for the last 2-3 years and he has always exceeded my expectations. His staff are extremely flexible and willing to assist. I have never sat with Dr. Rauscher and not been able to ask questions, make special requests or feel that he was wasting my time. I would venture to say that half the people here complaining are the type of people you couldnt please at all. Point is, this Dr. is wonderful and thorough and the only drawback I have is that he doesnt have a lab in his office but who knows, maybe some day. I cannot sing his praises enough and would highly recommend him. For the record, he has always appeared clean, dressed professionaly and very polite. I find it hard to believe he would argue with his patients or staff.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
81	0	Dr. Rauscher has been my primary physician for the last 8 years and I am happy with him. He spends time with me and goes over my illnesses in detail. He also gives advice how to help whether a special diet or certain steps I can take to help my illness. He has been my family's physician and each family member is happy with him. I think he goes out of his way to help and suggest better life styles for individuals who are struggling with certain illnesses. I have never had any problems with him nor his staff. My usual wait time is about 10-20 minutes. The other thing I like about him is that he can see me last minute if need be, whereas other doctors cannot see you the same day you call. You must wait for an appointment.  	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:CIGNA
81	-1	Very combative and argumentative! We waited 2 1/2 hours for a med refill. We waited for 1.5 hours and then he spent another 1 hour complaining about other doctors. He was very unprofessional too. He looked like he just got out of bed. His hair was sticking up. He is the first doctor I've ever been to that didn't wear a tie and look presentable. He wore a wrinkled short sleeve shirt and brown sweats. Didn't wash his hands before or after he saw us. He was rude to his staff and they were very nice. I'm never going to see him again and I wouldn't encourage anyone else to either. 	5	1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
81	-1	I saw him a while ago. He is a Quack, plain and simple. Yeah, he spent 30 minutes with me but that was because he was chatting about nothing for most of the appointment. Now I know why he was an hour late for my appointment even though his clinic was empty. I'm a diabetic and he didn't even examine my feet or legs for neuropathy. He didn't check my pulse or my groin for fungal infections. He still has me on Avandia even though I asked him about putting me on Actose. He just said the Avandia studies didn't mean anything. Dr. Rauscher never suggested diet or lifestyle changes. He was not a thorough physician. I asked to be referred to an endocrinologist and he refused because he is greedy and didn't want to lose me as a patient. I would much rather see someone for 15 minutes who provides quality care than someone who spends 30 minutes telling me about some stupid story about his family. He just likes to talk. This is a useless physician 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
81	0	I wouldn't recommend him based on my experience. I felt that while he may spend significant time with patients, most of that time involved discussion not related to the patient. In my experience, he talks for long stretches without giving enough opportunity for the patient to interupt or ask questions. I also felt that his physical exam was rather short and he didn't ask enough follow-up questions to patient's inquiries. I also don't agree with his personal philosophy toward prescribing medication and referring out to specialists. I feel that he is conservative in both areas. In my experience, I observed that he was often 30 minutes late for appointments because he spends too much time discussing issues that are outside the scope of the patient's chief complaint. These statements are based on my perspective about him. These statement reflect my opinion and not any facts about Dr. Rauscher. I do not intend for the above statements to be interpreted as facts about Dr. Rauscher. 	5	2	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	The best family doctor that I ever had. Listens to what I say and is very thorough. Average visit is about a half hour. Longest wait was 15 to 20 minutes. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	I believe that Dr. Ramaswamy was very professional.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
83	1	Dr Ramsey and staff are the most amazing pediatric dentist that i have ever had for my children&lt; they are caring and gentle and have never displayed anything but incredible kindness towards my daughters who are extremely sensitive&gt; 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	Dr Racette and his staff were the best experience I've ever had with any Doctor I've seen in my life. He was thoughtful, very knowledgeable,and considerate. I highly recommend him.I believe he is the best Dr. in the Valley Most sincerly Steve Weidinger 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	Fabulous doctor.  He really took the time to explain his thoughts, our options and pros and cons.  This is the second family member I have taken to see him and would highly recommend again.  Great bedside manner, felt like he really cared. 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	Very courteous and always addresses my skin issues. Awesome bed side manner.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
84	0	I had exactly the same experience. I felt like a widget. I literally saw him for just a few minutes and he was gone.. I wasn't sure if that was normal until seeing another dermo doctor. I'm not going back either...  	3	4	2	3 	Insurance:Aetna
84	-1	The worst doctor I have ever been to dermatologist or other. DO NOT EVER MAKE AN APPOINTMENT WITH THIS MAN. He just wants to get you in, take your money, and get you out as fast as possible. He never cares to find out what is wrong with you, he just gives you a prescription as fast as he can to get the next customer in the door. When he finally does see you, he spends 2 to 3 minutes with you. This is only enough time for him to give you the common treatment for acne. He never even looked at my back when I asked him to. He leaves before you even get the chance to ask him any questions. He certainly never stops to ask if you have any questions. 2 to 3 minutes is not enough time to do anything but take your money and see the next person as fast as possible to take their money. He never finds out exactly what you have, and how to treat it, he just gives everyone he sees the same prescription. Racette just doesn't care about helping people. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	I LOVE Dr. Racette!  Every time I schedule an appointment I'm able to get in very quickly.  On my very first visit they were able to get me in after 2 days!  I've never been a new patient anywhere and gotten in so soon.  The longest I've had to wait in the lobby was 10 minutes.  He spends time with his patients and explains everything clearly.   He's VERY easy on the eyes, which can be a distraction at times ;)  He's an awesome Dermatologist and I would recommend him to anyone! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
85	1	Staff was nice, caring and very informative.  Dr. Ramzan was the also very nice, very caring and very informative.  Everything went as planned and they called twice as a follow-up to see how I was feeling.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
85	1	Dr. Ramzan is one of the few good doctors out there that really listens to every concern, takes them seriously, and will do everything he can to figure out what's going on.  His staff is extremely helpful and they really care about making sure you're taken care of.  Dr. Ramzan trained and taught Gastroenterology at the Mayo Clinic.   He is the best! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
86	-1	I went in for a follow-up of an emergency appendix removal. His parking spot was empty when we got there and we weren't even informed he was out of office. While waiting we heard the receptionist telling someone on the phone (who was waiting at another location due to a scheduling error) that it wasn't her who told them to be at that location so it wasn't her problem. We also heard her talking to a nurse about how he's not even there. Caring&#63; uhm.. no. I called him to get a different pain medication (something lighter!) 2 days after surgery because the oxycodone made me very nauseous and he told me to take Ibuprofen cause he wasn't going to give me anything. We ended up going to another Dr to get a lighter pain med.  Look at other reviews besides this site because you will find more than a few poor reviews. The day of the appendectomy my FRIEND was the only one who met him personally and it was after the surgery. You are solely a number to this guy. 	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	He is a very caring, dedicated professional surgeon with a great bedside manner. I was pleasantly surprised at the low pain level after surgery and believe it is definitely Dr. Rashidi's method. I am pleased to recommend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
87	1	Wonderful doctor.  He is top rated in my book.  I don't think he can be replaced. 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	Most thorough focused exam I've had to date.  Physician is extremely competent & thorough. Fund of knowledge outstanding. Punctuality issue likely not ascribable to the doctor--the process at AHI is the likely culprit.                     Very comfortable with Dr.  Rappaport in my corner! 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
88	-1	Dr. Rawlings dismissed and denied symptoms I had for almost a decade. He didn’t know what it might be, though couldn’t simply say that. Instead, he mentioned things we both knew were wrong, including Depression, Fibromyalgia and IBS. In the end, he realized I was breastfeeding my youngest child and blamed my symptoms on that (aside from being goofy, I sure wasn’t nursing her ten years before, and though I’m not nursing her now I am still suffering those symptoms). He told me studies showed when a patient is told they have nothing wrong, the symptoms go away. I’m still waiting. Clearly frustrated with my questions and comments, stemming from what I did know, he tried to scare me with an invasive test. He couldn‘t offer answers for what was going on with me and instead of admitting that he treated me as a fool and as if I didn’t matter. His attitude toward me was demeaning and inexcusable. Afterward, getting my records was like pulling teeth. I found a much better Neurologist. 	4	5	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
88	-1	When asked the size of tumors in brain he was unknowledgeable to what was in the chart according to the radiologist report. 		2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	Go od so Doctor but is ALWAYS running 45min to an hour behind. Expect to wait in the waiting room for a VERY long time. Challenging if you have a child or are taking time away from work.  	5	1	5	4 	Insurance:Aetna
89	1	I have been going to dr rathee for years then I became pregnant saw him n beginning of pregnancy moved and then switched obgyns had a horrible experience the didnt care how far I had to go to see dr rathee again and now I am back with him. This doctor is the best OBGYN ever he has an awesome bedside manner and is very patient answers all questions and always takes his time. He is a true professional in every sense of the word and always goes over and beyond his call of duty he treats you like a person not a number if you are looking for a good doctor he is highly recommended! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	very sensitive and considerate doctor. i've never been happier to find him since the last horrible doctor i had before.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
89	1	Dr. Rathee is a very busy man, but he always makes time for his patients! He has been very comforting and helpful with my pregnancy as well as other personal issues I had. The staff could smile once in a while, but I keep going back because he is an Amazing doctor! 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
90	1	Dr. Ramaiah is an outstanding world-renowed surgeon. He is a leader in developing new techniques to improve the health of patients with complex patients. I choose to go to him and the Arizona Heart Hospital for an experimental procedure rather than to go to the Texas Heart Hospital for the conventional surgical approach to treat my condition. The care was outstanding and my health has substantially improved. I would highly recommend him for serious, life-threatening vascular problems. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
90	1	VERY KNOWLEDGEABLE! I BELIEVE HE IS ONE OF THE BEST IN HIS FIELD. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	VEry Nice and Caring Doctor. Spends time with his patients, and good sense of humor 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	I believe he is a good Doctor, however he is rude, has no compassion,and raises his voice if you question something he has said. 	5	5	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	Dr. Rauscher helped control my asthma as opposed to a number of other doctors who were not very knowledgeable.  He is also my primary care physician and has been extremely helpful with recommendations for specialists. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
92	-1	I agree with the other comments on this doctor. He is an angry, arrogant, horrible man. He told my mother to shut up because she was answering some questions I was having problems finding the words for. Stay away from him! No matter what! He told me I was crazy, and it was just anxiety (when I have SEVERE 24/7 shortness of breath after A COLLAPSED LUNG!), what a moron he is. For your own health, and your families health, don't go near his office and try not to let anyone else.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
92	-1	I agree with the other two reviews critical of him.  He is arrogant, rude, impatient, and disinterested.  Never knows you from one visit to the next.  Can't tell if he is knowledgeable because he seems to just be going through the motions until he can retire. Find someone else to go to.  He is already losing patients at a rapid rate so others also are tired of his attitude.  	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
92	-1	This man was pompous, rude and totally uninterested in helping my mother-in-law.  He was not the least bit helpful and the whole experience was dreadful.  His abysmal attitude carries over to his staff as well.  I would suggest that you avoid this doctor if possible.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
92	-1	On my first visit to this doctor, I found him to be arrogant, angry, and uninterested in my health history. He routinely requires female patients to undergo a breast exam on the first visit regardless of whether it is necessary, and appeared unduly upset when I declined the exam. I brought copies of my medical history with me, but he was not interested in reviewing them. When asked for help in managing my condition, he told me, in no uncertain terms, that I was wasting his time. I've never been treated so rudely by a physician. Stay away from this doctor at all costs! 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	Thorough, treats patients as humans.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
93	1	one of the most knowlegable psychitrist I have been to 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
94	-1	Patients Beware of this practice. They use non ADA, AZDA dentists and are seriously unprofessional and unethical. Losing 4 teeth from seeing these so-called dentists in a few years is criminal! BE VERY AWARE! They are unqualified.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:AARP
95	1	Love Dr. Reeder. Listens to his patients and involves them in a treatment plan.  His staff is great.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
96	-1	Has Colonoscopy on 5-29-12. Dr Randhawa clipped only one (1) pollup from my colon &amp; sent it off to the lab.  He forgot to corderize the wound &amp; I continued to bleed until I was bleeding so much that I had to ambulance to Vegas to have the procedure done again by another dr to close the wound up with several stitches.  I didnt make my followup appointment with randhawa &amp; I still to this date 6-20-12, I have never heard from his office to check on me to find out why I haven't rescheduled appt.  This dr needs to be reported to the medical board. 	2	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
96	1	Very friendly, knowledgeable, helpful, and punctual. One of the best I've come across! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
97	1	Dr. Racy has changed my life. Although that may sound trite or &quot;cheesy,&quot; there is no other way to put it that will do him justice. He helped me through a period of deep depression, and I might have chosen to end my life if it weren't for his genuine caring, knowledge, and professionalism. When it felt like all of my other &quot;support systems&quot; were overloaded with the stress of my condition (depression), I always knew Dr. Racy would be there to talk to and give me just the right advice to both feel better in the moment -and- start down the right path to healing long-term. He does an amazing job of both counseling and administering psychiatric medication. I have heard that most psychiatrists handle only the pharmacological side of things, but Dr. Racy uses counseling/talk therapy as well. If you are feeling like you need to talk to someone, about anything difficult in your life, please consider seeing Dr. Racy. I can't recommend him more highly.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
98	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
99	1	Wonderful bedside manner and knowledge. I would recommend highly. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
