dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	Found Dr. Darr to be one of the more competent family doctors in town.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
1	1	Marc Darr has extraordinary listening skills.  Personable, level-headed, no BS, compassionate professional. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	Dr. Darr is a very nice and helpful doctor!  Highly recommend. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	Dr. Darr has been my physician for the past 2 years.  His exams are thorough and takes time to listen to all your concerns.  Always on time and it never takes more than a couple days to get an appointment... even for a yearly exam.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	1	Extremely knowledgeable and gentle, unable to look me in the eye the entire visit.  Office staff is A++.  Made me feel uncomfortable, will not return for that reason only.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	1	Great dentist, has helped my child & myself. Does not rush the treatment, staff is helpful too. I will return to him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
2	1	This dentist is a very low key, kind, gentle, smart (summa cume laude from Georgetown University)guy who is extremely honest. I would recommend him to anyone.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
3	-1	I thought that I could trust this doctor with my care. I am a 20 year old college student and had abdominal pain. It turned out later I had a cysts and she seemed like the most uncaring doctor and she left a message stating that she wanted to put me on borth control I never came back and went to my family practioner to get birth control. She seemd like the most uncaring doctor ever I never felt ressured that everything is okay. Two months later I had to drop my summer class because of pain and had too fill up paperwork to get a prorated refund. I called recently to get medical records about my pain and they stated that I needed to see them in an appointment forget that I can get my records at my doctors office! I would never ever go see her again and will not reccomend her to anyone.  I have seen reviews of her poor job in delivering babies! 	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
3	1	She has been my gynecologist for about 3 years and is now my obstetrician.  I usually only have to wait about 5 min.  She gives me time to ask questions and answers them as best she can.  Some things she has told me have turned out to be wrong when I ask other docs or research myself.  Other than that, it has been a good experience.  	4	5	4	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	Superb physician. Delivered my 2 children. Supported a natural (no epidural) labor & delivery. Implanted essure permanent sterilization. Abreast and educated in latest technologies, standards and practices. Premium women's healthcare provider.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	-1	I had the worst experience with this OBGYN than I have ever had with a doctor's office.  I am not normally one to write reviews but I feel so strongly that I must share.  Desert Mountain OBGYN was an unpleasant experience from the  start.  The staff is very unfriendly, I did not receive so much as a smile or a hello, waited an hour to be seen, and the nurse practitioner was unfriendly as well.  A year later I decided to give them a second chance.  I had a last minute trip come up and I was unable to make my appointment.  It took me THREE days to reach someone to cancel it.  A few months later I receive a letter from a collections agency that I had a &quot;no show&quot; and they were charging me for it.  Unbelievable!  I tried to reason with the office, explaining that I did cancel it.  They basically called me a liar and that they would not remove the no show charge.  I was stuck paying this or else I would end up in collections.  I would not recommend this OBGYN to anyone. 	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	Dr. Dairiki is extremely kind and helpful.  She takes her time to explain and answer questions.  She is a gentle person who is extremely approachable and empathetic.  I am a new patient so her knowledge is still somewhat unproven, but she is quietly confident and instills trust.  	5	5	5	4 	Insurance:Aetna
3	0	I trusted Dr. Dairiki for several years prior to my pregnancy which was a miracle after struggling with infertility for many years.  I had horrible morning sickness, pre-term labor and eventually severe preeclampsia, all of which she blew me off about.  If you find you are at high-risk then find someone else, because she won't acknowledge she's in over her head.  I ended up back in intensive care less than 24hrs after discharge because she continued to ignore my complaints from my blood pressure and coloring and extreme fatigue (I had turned yellow, later found out from severe anemia for which she blew off and the ICU had 4 units of blood waiting for me once my blood pressure would drop).  Not only did I miss out on the first week of my daughter's life, but I now have to see a cardiologist because she blew me off when I told her that the &quot;normal&quot; blood pressures I had, were high for me. I will never return to her nor recommend her.  I did however love her Nurse Practitioner.  	4	4	3	2 	Insurance:CIGNA
3	1	Dr Dairiki is very knowledgeable and has a quiet, calm, polite bedside manner. She delivered two of my children, identifying complications and getting me thorough a difficult birth. I trust her completely. Her staff has been helpful and I will continue to see her.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
3	1	Dr. Dairiki's bedside manner needs some work. She was very uncomfortable with some personal decisions I had made about my own treatment and was very upset when I missed an appointment due to illness. She did get better the longer I knew her. And I feel comfortable enough with her now. But at first it was very difficult. 		4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
3	0	Dr. Dairiki had me go on bcp for cramps and I did not test for several things. I had complications that lasted over a year even after going off the pill. She also did not do thorough exams. 		5	4	2 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	Dr. Dairiki is knowledgeable and effectively communicated with me during my pregnancy. The office staff assisted with my insurance forms. I will continue to use Dr. Dairiki in the future.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	Dr Dairiki was my ob for both my children. Helped me get through prenatal diabetes with my first and postpartum with my second.  She is absolutely wonderful as a doctor and also with the children after! 		4	4	4 	Insurance:HealthPartners
3	-1	Dr. Dairiki has an extremely poor bedside manner. She missed a complication at my 6 week post-delivery examination that went untreated for 3 months after my daughter was born. I had to see another OB/GYN to get the appropriate treatment so I could finally recover from labor & delivery. She also missed major information on my chart and seemed to be annoyed that I has morning sickness throughout my entire pregnancy. I felt like I was a burdensome patient because I didn't feel well. I have since switched doctors and will not be recommending her to anyone in the future. Avoid if you possibly can.  		4	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	I can't say enough about Dr. Dado. She is fantastic! So knowledgeable and caring and never makes you feel rushed, or makes you feel silly about your concerns. Her staff is just as fantastic. I had a wonderful experience beginning to end and that is rare nowadays.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
4	1	I loved my experience with Dr. Dado - she's super friendly and very knowledgeable about her field.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
4	1	Dr. Dado is wonderful at relating to patients and making you feel at ease. She delivered both of my children via C-section and I was very pleased with her the entire time.  I would highly recommend her.  	4	3	5	4 	Insurance:CIGNA
5	1	As a Physician I was impressed with her knowledge and understanding of my problems.The Doctor was quick to evaluate my basic issues and gave me specific steps to take and refered me to a Specialist. I am happy to have her as a PC MD&gt; 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
5	-1	Dr. Deadrick is not that great. I was diagnosed for pcos and she did not perform hardly any tests except when I insisted that she test for glucose. Women doctors are supposed to be more in tune with women's needs.  Ironically, my gynecologist did a better job at diagnosing and it's a he! 	2	1	2	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
5	1	Dr. Deadrick is one of the nicest, kind Dr.'s I have ever been to.  She listens and always has positive things to say.  I am a white coat syndrome patient and she has put me at ease by having such a terrific compassion for her job.  We need more Dr.  Deadricks!!  She is awesome 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
5	1	Wonderful disposition.  Always sees you when your appointment actually is scheduled for!  Willing to refer you to specialists if needed and returns calls promptly.  Rated one of the top 100 docs in Phoenix 2008 and definitely is! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	I have taken all three of my children to this doctor and been very impressed with each visit.  Dr. Dajani is friendly, helpful and very knowledgeable.  Her office staff were a delight to work with.  Would recommend this doctor to anyone needing a pediatric endocrinologist. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	0	My husband's appt. was scheduled for 3:45, and being a new patient was asked to check in at 3:15.  We arrived at 3:10.  He was called into the exam room at 4:59, where we then waited until 5:27 for the dr.   That's ridiculous,  considering in the office there are signs posted that you may be charged a fee if you do not give a 24hr notice of a cancellation, but the patients time and inconvenience are completely inconsidered 	3	1	2	3 	Insurance:Medicare
7	1	Dr. Davidson is an excellent shoulder surgeon.  He really explained the proceedure carfully and I knew what to expect. I am really happy I had this fixed.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	0	The staff in this office are incompetent.  They scheduled my follow-up appointment from my MRI with the WRONG doctor, lost my chest x-ray, EKG and MRI films.  I waited an hour and 45 minutes before I was seen.  The doctor rushed my visit because &quot;I'm way behind&quot; even though I was getting ready to schedule MAJOR surgery.  When I got upset because of the staff incompetence he said &quot;These things happen.  If these little things are gong to bother you so much what will happen if you don't like the outcome of your surgery&#63;&quot;  He suggested I find another doctor for my surgery.  NOT A PROBLEM !!!!!  I think this interaction was probably a blessing in disguise.  If a doctor cares so little about &quot;the little things&quot; can you really trust him to care about how he performs your surgery&#63;  I think not.  	1	1	1	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	1	Dr. Day is always happy to see patients, she is very thorough and makes sure that all your questions are answered.  She is very level headed and gives advice that makes sense and is reasonable.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
9	1	I was very impressed with the intern Dr. I visited recently, Rob Pac. He took the time to listen, then explain the exrays of my knee. The office staff was very professional and caring. I would definately recommend this office to family and friends.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	The receptionist I spoke to while I was out of town and needed to contact Dr. Davis was not all that helpful.  I finally was able to speak to his medical assistant who was most helpful.  Note:  Medicare is primary, GEHA secondary.  	2	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
9	1	I was very pleased with the treatment Dr. Davis provided me. He listened to my concerns about my Knee problem. He gave me his advise about, which I agreed with. His staff great front desk to the nurse that checked me. I liked the family type service I received , and plan on going back to Dr. Davis.    William Jorgensen 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
9	0	Initial meeting with Dr.Davis was thorough and he explained my surgery options in detail.  After the surgery everything changed. I waited over an hour just to see the doctor every time I went in for a follow up exam.  The secretary's were pompous and rude and never once apologized or explained why the service was sooooo slow.  When an issue with my knee brace developed, (over a month and I am still waiting)the secretary had no idea who to call or how to solve the problem.  What bothers me the most was the lack of caring with their patients.  Dr. Davis is a competitent surgeon, my recovery is taking longer then I expected, but that is probably due to me not following my PT rehabilitation.  If you dont mind waiting and rudeness then I would recommend Dr. Davis and his rude secretary's.  NOTE: Dr. Davis did recently get a very helpful and knowledgable assistant. He was great, so not sure of his name.  	1	1	1	4 	Insurance:Workers Comp
10	1	One of the best doctors I have found. Very friendly my children love him! Very helpful, talks &amp; gets to know you and your concerns. I do not like his nurse practioner but love him! Office staff has always be fun fast and friendly too. Have been using Dr. Dayton since 2001. 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	0	I have now waited 3 weeks for my test results. I had to wait 1 1/2 weeks for my referral to come in when the office made the referral the following day from my appointment. I was 5 minutes early for my appt. and waited 50 min. to get into the room and another 20 min. before the Dr. came in to see me. I explained my concerns to the Dr. and he did not address my concerns, he addressed his concerns for a person of my age. I was completely disappointed. I have found a new Dr.  	3	2	2	3 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
10	1	Very good doctor. Listens and cares for the patients. Takes time to go over test results and diagnosis.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
10	1	Dr. Dayton is a wonderful physician. He takes the time to talk to you and goes over the test results very thoroughly. Always pleasant and friendly and on time. His staff is terrific and helpful. My husband and I are very satisfied with the care we're getting.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
10	-1	I think that he should be more aware of tests that come in from labs and x-rays and ect. I dont like the fact he depends more on referrals than an actual consult of his own.He depends alot on what other doctors do so he does'nt have do to them himself.also he hands of all referrals to his nurses when he is supposed to call him self. 	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	Dr. Dayton is very easy to talk to and involves the patient in reaching a diagnosis.  Very knowledgeable, and the staff is always nice too.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	1	dr. dayton is very thorough, he is also kind, listens and has a great sense of humor which i find relaxing in a doctor. i plan to have my son go to him as well, instead of a pediatrician.  two thumbs up!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
10	1	Very helpful and courteous. Really listened, explained to me my labs like none other.  His best move was leaving Dr. LeBlanc. Much cleaner, more friendly office.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
10	0	VERY NICE YOUNG MAN 	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
11	-1	He was my doctor in the Goodyear office. His personality was at best poor. His communication skills was very poor. I question his overall knowledge of the medical profession. I did change doctors.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
11	-1	He did not listen to my symptoms, history, or feelings.  He was condecending, uncaring, and my perception was that he was social dysfunctional.  I would not refer him to anyone, ever, for any reason, if he were the last doctor on Earth.  	3	5	1	2 	Insurance:CIGNA
12	0	I recently went in as a new patient because I had heard from Phoenix Magazine that he was one of the top internists in Phoenix. After I transferred my records to his office I called to see if I could schedule a phone call after he reviewed my records and see if a particular diet I was scheduled to go on, was OK given my medical history. Not only did it take his assistant 10 to answer my 3 phone calls, but when she did  call she had no more information as to when the doctor could get back to me to even talk about some of my concerns. Not even a phone call back to let me know they'd received my message and would get back to me shortly! If you are expecting any kind of courteous patient service from him or his office, I would reconsider your choice. 	2	1	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	. Exceptional Ped Neurologist, thurogh personable and exellent with autistic children 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
13	1	What a kind Man. I could not say enough about his goodness. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	-1	Over one hr. wait for appt. and staff verbally insults patients.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
14	1	Very nice man, took time to listen. Staff is excellent.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
14	1	Great staff and office. Wish all my doctors would take note of their practice. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	Love this office!  They are so good at answering my questions and getting my children in for same day appointments.  Their answering service is also very good.  Dr. Deardorff is excellent with kids, and is a very practical doc.  Follows up well.  And his nurse is very good too, prompt at returning calls if I have any questions.  Happy to have this doctor and practice to take my kids to.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
15	1	Dr. Deardorff is a good doctor.  Staff returns calls very quickly and answer all questions completely.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
15	1	So far I have no complaints w/ Dr.  Deardorff!  My son is now 18 months old and I am pregnant w/ #2!  I will continue to see him!  His nurse is awesome too and is always so so sweet w/ my little boy! :) 	3	5	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	Dr. Davis is one of the BEST doctors I've ever had. I would highly recommend this doctor to anyone. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	-1	His staff are mean and rude. I went in to see him and the staff asked me why I sent my medical records to another doctor. I told them it was none of their business and they refused to let me see the doctor until I explained the reason to them. I told them to forget it. I've had numerous bad experiences in the past and this was the final straw. I refuse to see Dr. Davis again. I would not recommend him.  	1	3	1	3 	Insurance:CIGNA
16	-1	arrogant, asked the same question three times like he thought I was lying. Told me I should have gotten over my surgery by now. (he had nothing to do with the surgery, knew nothing of it) Both receptionist are rude and you have to tell THEM why you want to see doctor to get same day appt. Why do they get to be the judge&#63; Do they have medical degrees&#63; Gave me misinformation as to test results, causing me great anxiety.  If you are considering this doctor, keep looking...not a pleasant experience at all.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	listen well, Did not try to ssll me all kinds of tests,was on time and very couertous,graet staff.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
16	1	Excellent Service and very easy to get an appointment.  I have been very happy with him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Pacificare
17	1	I saw Dr. Davis for thyroid surgery. He was very helpful, explained everything, and was very compassionate. His office staff is exceptional, including his perioperative nurse. I would recommend Dr. Davis to anyone considering surgery.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
17	1	Listened, patient, reassuring, thorough.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
18	-1	Didn't know why i was in her office, which i had been coming for quit some time. Kept getting the OK on my heart but had to have emergency sergery 5 bypass. 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	I have actually nothing but great things to say about Dr. Deka. I have been going to her for a couple years and she has been awesome. I have had issues with my cycle nearly every time I go in and see her, and she has been patient, sensitive, explanatory, and understanding. She confirms she listens to my concerns by not recommending treatments that are an easy fix, but researching and looking into treatments that are more accomodating for me as an individual. I recommend her to anyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
19	-1	Not at all good. Is not sensitive to patients. Doesn't pay attention at all. Is always hurrying up.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
19	-1	This doctor displayed poor judgment in her medical protocol.  Despite my medical history, she insisted on a course of treatment that made me very sick.  When the situation was explained, she insisted on the same course of action.  She admitted to several mistakes but failed to correct them, then when brought to her attention twice, she chose to not correct them.  She also admitted that she had not communicated well to my husband when speaking to him while I was recovering from surgery.  Her staff was not helpful.  The experience could not have been more negative or unhelpful.  There were also insurance issues where a procedure was coded incorrectly.  The situation is still not resolved and 8 months have passed.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
20	1	Doc is nice and helpful but his counter gal is awful. She is mean and snotty and I guess would die if she smiled.  	1	3	3	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	-1	DR. D WAS OK .  HIS WIFE AT THE FRONT DESK IS HORRIBLE! VERY RUDE UNGRATEFUL WOMEN. I HOPE SHE READS THIS TO CHANGE HER ATTITUDE AND REALIZES NOT TO TREAT PEOPLE THE WAY SHE DOES. 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	Dr. Danowski is very easy to talk to and he really listens. HOWEVER, his wife runs the office and she is impossible to deal with. She told me some tests had been sent (as requested)to another Dr., was very rude and angry when I told her they had not been received. I hate to give up Dr.  Danowski, but I do not want to deal with that woman ever again! 	1	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
20	1	I felt that I should write after reading the other reviews. I'm a fairly new patient and have to imagine that the staffing has changed. The receptionist was perfectly helpful and nice. Dr. Danowski was very nice and I'm glad that I found him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
20	1	This was my first visit but I was very impressed with Dr. D.  I will certainly keep him as my primary care physician 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
20	1	Dr. is very intelligent.  Good listener, knowledgeable about illnesses.  Wife often works front desk.  She shouldn't have contact with patients.  Curt, rude, sometimes condescending.  Nurse if very helpful, wife is minimally so.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
20	1	Nothing hurried about Dr. D. yet have never been kept waiting more than 10 minutes from appmt time. Full explainations and a good listener. The wife in the office is BAD.  Curt, unhelpful, and as a former nurse, makes medical decisions such as how many pills should be presribed before the request gets to the doctor.  	1	5	5	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	1	I think Dr. Danowski is great...however I stopped going to him because of that object rudeness by his office staff(later found out it was possibly his wife).  The nursing assistant was fine.  I may accept rudeness one day as everybody has a bad day but when it appears anytime I go there... heck with that! 	1	3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
20	1	Worst office staff I've ever dealt with.  Dr. Danowski is nice enough.  His wife runs the office and is rude and unhelpful, so the entire staff thinks it's okay to treat people like she does.  	 5/1/08	1	3	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	1	Had been referred to a &quot;specialist&quot; who did not help my problem.  Asked to be referred to another specialist (for same problem) and the office lady told me how much work this would involve.  I insisted.  She told me she would put the request in the &quot;box&quot; for the lady to do the next day.  The referral was NEVER made.  Able to get the referral by another MD I see in Phoenix.  His office staff &quot;sucks&quot;.  No problems with him however but will be changing to someone else.  She (office staff) always seems to have an attitude but this was the straw that broke the camel's back.  	1	4	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	1	What I really like about Dr. Danowski is that he speaks to me in plain English as opposed to using very technical information. He also listens to everything I tell him and seems to value my opinion about my condition and what I think is wrong. Dr. Danowski also has a good sense of humor, and I believe he sincerely wants to help me when I have a problem.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
21	1	Started new practice. Wait time was short and care was excellent.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
21	-1	Arrogant, unprofessional and uncommunicative. After two visits sloppy patient treatment plan. I am careful with my time and others but office staff would not return routine calls. Two visits and I am looking elsewhere.  	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
22	1	The Best OB GYN Ever! Would definitely recommend her. She makes you feel so comfortable and secure. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	Outstanding Doctor!Perceived my eye problem was actually a physical issue and recommended seeking further treatment. So very helpfull and knowledgeable in all areas of optomology.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	WOW! BEST EYE DR. IN TUCSON!!!Dr.Curtis is amazing. Awesome staff. With my hard to fit contacts because of kerotoconus &amp; intacts Dr.Curtis has done an AMAZING job!!! Great to see again!!! It's been a long road to find him. My kids use CRT's and we are VERY impressed with him, his knowledge and personal attention!!! Do you know any doctors that call you personally when needed&#63; He did!!! WOW!!! So glad we found him! His optical staff are absolutlely great. Easy to book appoinments too!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	Dr's Amy &amp; Curtis Dechant are wonderful Dr's they are both very expericenced in their fields,with the most upgraded beautiful office and the staff to go with it.  Lydia 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	I've seen Dr. Dechant for 6+ years, have worked with both Dr. Curtis and Dr. Amy and can't say enough good things about both of them.  Just the best! Courteous, knowledgeable, kind, completely professional.  These people care about the quality of the service they give you and care about their patients.  Excellent. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	Best eye doctors ever!  He and his wife are the optometrists and I've seen them both - can't say enough good things about them. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	0	Knows nothing about thyroid. Thought T4 was the active form of the hormone. Uses TSH only, of course. Likes to do his own tests and does lots of them. Probably makes extra money off them. Always runs late, very late. Agreeable and seems knowledgeable but just another pill pushing allopath.  	2	1	3	3 	Insurance:Medicare
24	1	Dr Daulat has been my Doctor for 18 years aprox. I suffered from severe Panic attacks at one point and he was instrumental in the treatment of them. He personally called and talked to me during a very tough time in my life. He has always kept excellent records and spent quality time with me. He not only an excellent doctor with a wealth of knowledge but he has an excellent memory. My health has always been excellent because of his care. Iin addition think hes an outstanding person in the community.    Jeff 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Secure Horizons
24	1	Inspite of having to wait long for this doctor I have not been able to go to any other doctor for last 9 years. He has very best clinical diagnosis and approaches a the problem to go to the root cause. very careful and satisfied with all the treatment I have received so far in last 7 years. I am willing to wait longer in his waiting room for this doctor for the experience though sometime I get frustrated with the long wait.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
24	-1	This man is the worst doctor I have ever had to deal with. He is always late 1-2 hours, he over books himself with appointments for the same appointment time. His staff has no idea of who his M.A. is or if he has one at all. When he is out of town his staff refers everyone to just go to urgent care for their needs. When you point out that you have had a problem with his staff he blames someone else for the problem (hospital, urgent care, and so on).  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Medicare
24	1	This Doctor Is the Best In the NATION. I recommend Him to everyone that needs a doctor. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	good bedside manner, good follow-up.   Felt like he truly cared about getting me better 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Assurant
25	1	I read the comment posted in September of 2011 and I was just appalled at that person.  Once you meet Dr. Dafnis you know immediately that he is none of this things in that post.  He cares about his patients and goes out of his way to help and take care of you.  He even made a personal phone call to get us in to the Cardiologist faster.  I hate it when people can post comments on these sites and try to hurt someone's reputation without repercussion.   What the matter did he not give you pain meds so you got mad&#63;&#63;  irresponsible if you ask me.   DO NOT look any further Dr Dafnis is everything you want in a primary care doctor! 	 5/16/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
25	1	Dr. Dafnis is extreemly knowledgeable and takes the time to explain EXACTLY what is happening and what to expect. I went to him for a possible thyroid issue. He personally called me the next morning with my test results. Dr. Dafnis is a wonderful person. He made me feel very comfortable. He took the time to listen. I truly feel he cares very much about his patients. If you have any anxiety when it comes to going to the Dr. This is a very good place for you to go. Dr. Dafnis makes you feel like you are visiting with a very good friend. I really like him. My mom says he's a keeper! 	 11/28/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
25	-1	Dr Dafnis, is an Arrogant man who puts the patient last.  He does not posess the personality to treat his patience with care, he is self centered and comes first.Dr. Dafnis is unethical in his practice of medicine and thinls he is there to have his ego boosted not to treat the patient. 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
26	0	Dr.Day is flat out RUDE. During my consultation, not only was he completely cold and arrogant, but all he did was BRAG about his credentials and speak to me in a condescending manner. Bragging to me symbolizes INSECURE. Find another oral surgeon and AVOID him... there are MUCH more caring surgeons out there who are just as knowledgeable! He was by far the most unprofessional doctor I have ever seen in my entire life. 	1	5	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	I feel the need to write a review for Dr. Day and his staff as I feel that most people tend to review only when they have an axe to grind. I must say that Dr. Day has absolutely changed my life. Yes, you read that correctly! I have suffered from TMJD for 30 years and he is the ONLY surgeon who completely understands this condition on a surgical level. I had bilateral fat grafting on both joints and could  feel amazing relief right away. My discs had holes and I was bone rubbing on nerves. Not fun. Not many docs &quot;get&quot; fat grafting and thank God Dr. Day does(he has done 100s). He is an excellent surgeon and if you are unfortunate enough to have painful TMJ damage, you are fortunate that he practices HERE. Seek surgery HERE first. It can change your life. His office bent over backwards to get me in before I started a new job. If you are suffering, call him and consult. The surgery was much more reasonable than I had expected. Thank you, Dr. Day and staff. My gratitude is immeasurable. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	Dr. Day is the best in his field and takes what would be traumatic and painful experiences and makes them pleasant and easy to recover from with minimal downtime or pain. 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	Dr. Day was fabulous! I had all my wisdom teeth removed. The procedure was painless, and took 20 minutes at the most. He was very caring and his staff is nothing but helpful.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
26	-1	Dr. Day broke my jaw joint during surgery to extract two wisdom teeth. I woke up mid-surgery to see my nose flush with my forehead. I suffer from TMJ now. It's been 3 years of an improper bite and sore facial muscles. He's very knowledgable, but is an arrogant and insensitive man. 	1	3	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
26	-1	I was referred to Reed Day by my dentist for oral surgery. Neither Dr Day, or his staff, explained possible repercussions of the surgery. The patient is required to sign a standard waiver that absolves Dr. Day of any type of post operative problems. Following my surgery, I encountered prolonged facial numbness. 3 years later i am still experiencing numbness & tingling of my lower lip, gum & chin. His office was exceptionally unhelpful when i called post surgery re my concerns. When I saw Dr. Day for my post op, he insisted on having a witness in the room. He is arrogant, insensitive, egotistical & does not appear to have any compassion whatsoever for his patients. I wouldn't see him again for anything, nor would I refer anyone to him. He should be ashamed how he treats his patients.  	2	3	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	1	I went for an extraction. On the phone I was told they would accept my insurance, but would be out of network. I was waiting in the front office to be taken back to the dentist and I was told they didn't take my insurance at all. Someone actually came back while I was lying in the chair and on nitrous oxcide and asked for the payment. I hadn't even met the dentist yet. When I did, he was short and didn't seem willing to answer questions.  A few days after the extraction I noticed there were parts of my tooth left and were sticking out of my gum. I pulled the biggest one out myself.  I went back 100 miles to see him. He told me everything was fine.  I asked him to do an exray to be sure. He said no and told me the 100 miles I drove would not change his treatment plan. That was six weeks ago. I am still having pain in the empty socket. Dr. Day is probably very knowlegdable, but he was so rude and uncommpassionate to me, I would neve see him again and would certainly not recommend him! 	5	2	2	5 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	it was the best dr visit ever 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	Dr. Decastro cares for his patients. He takes time to listen to your concerns. However, except for the office manager who was very polite and helpful, the medical assistants were very unprofessional and rude. They were gossiping about their personal lives in front of the patients. Mature and professional medical staff is needed. Other than that, Dr. Decastro and his office manager is exceptional. 	2	4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	This guy knows what he is doing. He looked at my foot, pressed on few spots and the pain is gone.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
29	0	My condition did not improve with the adjustments. In fact, my pain worsened after each visit. Different adjustments by another chiropractor finally worked to eliminate my pain. Dr. Deliman seems very knowledgeable and has a very pleasant demeanor, but for me his treatments were not at all effective. I went to him solely on the ratings of this site. Since then, I have been very cautious of these &quot;Ratings&quot; websites. What works for some does not work for all. And who can be sure these &quot;ratings&quot; are always submitted by patients and not biased by entries from staff, friends, and family. 	4	4	4	1 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	Excellent results for my family. We were all experiencing back pain, and Dr. Deliman treated all of it successfully. He is also very good with my 10 year old daughter. He is very professional and knowledgeable. He and his staff are very personable and friendly. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	The best Chiropractor I have ever been to.  Excellent Doctor who cares for his patient.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
29	1	I have been seeing Dr Deliman when needed for the past 9 years. He's very good at what he does and has always been able to relieve pain in my neck and back.  I recommend him to all of my friends! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
29	1	A great chiropractor. Very friendly and punctual. Often able to sqeeze you in at the last minute and works on some weekends. his partners are a bit holistic but he is a straight cracker.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
30	1	very knowledgeable and nice docotr. she has healing hands 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
31	1	She has been very nice, professional, and eager to answer any and all questions! Very knowledgeable, and I know she has TONS of patients, but she always makes sure to be up to date on everything so she doesn't ask repeating questions or anything.  Very chill (in a good way) Doesn't seem stressed out, so she doesn't stress you out! Sometimes a few minutes late so you wait for a bit, but has never been a problem! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
31	-1	Dr. DaMore never seemed to have time to answer my questions or give me any information on my first pregnancy. She did not seem interested in helping to relieve any of my pregnancy symptoms (which could have been easily managed as I later learned). I swiched to a different OBGYN in my 32nd week of pregnancy and I am very glad I did. What a difference - it only made me realize how much of an assembly line physician Dr. DaMore was with pregnancies.  	4	5	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	0	My first visit to Dr. Damore was positive. She seemed interested in my concerns and suggested a few remedies. However, when I chose her as my OBGYN for my first pregnancy, her attitude was different. She was always in a rush, did not give me even basic medical information on pregnancy symptoms (other than a handout without an explanation) or on what not to do. Whenever I needed any information, I had to literally pulled it out of her. Any of my multiple symptoms were met with lack of interest or a single suggestion. My chiropractor was more caring (and helpful) when it came to relieving some of the symptoms of giving suggestions. I had a different doctor (on-call) for my delivery. I would not choose Dr. Damore for my next pregnancy.  (Also some of the staff is complitely incapable of taking vital signs) 	3	5	2	4 	Insurance:Anthem
31	0	. Dr Damore delivered my son She was on call and not my OB she rushed in the room at the last minute and pushed my husband out of the way to set up her sterile field she barely caught my son coming out My son came out looking quite blue and my husband kept telling the DR and nurse to make sure he was breathing Instead my son was handed to me and I began nursing him thinking everything was ok Dr Damore left the room without saying a word to us or signing the birth certificate About 15 minutes later the nurse took my son to bath him and we noticed the umbilical cord was about 6 inches long with the hemostat clamp still attached to it! She had forgot to finish cutting and clamping off the cord! My son also seemed to be in some respiratory distress The nurse had to pull Dr Damore out of another delivery to fix the cord! At 7 months of age my son was diagnosed with cerebral palsy This is often caused by lack of oxygen at birth I believe Dr Damores negligence caused our sons condition beware! 	4	2	2	3 	Insurance:Banner Health
31	0	I went to Dr Damore when experiencing very heavy bleeding.  My first appt with her was good. But when my bleeding got severe and I was scared and emotional I found that her demeanor changed and she was distant and short with me.  And I had a lot of trouble with her staff when scheduling the Novasure procedure, which was not succesful for me.  	3	5	2	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	-1	Dr. Damore did an excellent job on my c-section.  However, she was barely involved during my induction.  And following the c-section, I started to crash in the recovery room.  She had already left the hospital and tried to manage the emergency over the phone.  Dr. Damore never explained what/why this happened as I was taken to the ICU totally in the dark and away from my newborn baby. 	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	Love, Love, Love Dr. Damore! She as been my Dr. since 06 and has delivered both of my girls. I have always felt comfortable and never rushed with her. I completely trust her. I appreciate her taking the time to listen and treat me like a person, not just a patient.  I highly recommend her! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
31	0	I had a hysterectomy on November 18, 2009 and I have had nothing but attitude from Dr. Damore when it comes to pain medication.  After having a complete hysterectomy Dr. Damore sent me home with 30 percocet and was surprised when I had to request more.  I am back to work now and hurt myself while moving files and now I'm in alot of pain and I was told by Dr. Damore to take ibuprofin.  I have never had a doctor so heartless and I have had 2 c-sections, an eptopic pregnancy operation and my gallbladder removed and all of my doctors understood that I have a low tolerance for pain and had no problem giving pain medication when I needed it.  I had read that Dr. Damore had no &quot;bedside manner&quot; and now I know it's true.  I'm requesting my records and finding a doctor who cares about her patients.  	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	1	i like Dr.Damore,shes a happy person,she always makes everything lighter. Shes awesome!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
31	1	Dr. Damore was my savior through my C-section with my identical twins. She recommended I go see a perinatologist when complications arose early on, but as soon as I hit my 3rd trimester, I begged her to take me back and deliver my girls. She went out of her way to deliver me in a pinch and I COULD NOT have been happier to have had her as my doc. She is to the point and doesn't get all worked up over small problems. She knows her stuff and tells it straight. I will continue to go to her for all my well-woman visits from now on and should I have more kids, I hope she'll deliver them as well.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
31	1	Dr. Damore has been by OBGYN since I became pregnant with my first child. Through two pregnancies and every well-woman visit for 4 years  she has been cheerful, kind and always takes the time to answer my questions or clarify information I did not understand. I have recommended her to several friends, all of whom love her! One said &quot;she was the best doctor recommendation I have ever gotten. &quot; It seems like those who do not like her are writing about someone COMPLETELY different! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
31	1	Dr. Damore is not my primary OB. My OB is Linnerson, but on 2 occasions I have seen her when she was on call and she was exceptional. She is caring, supportive, easy to talk to and returns calls promptly. There is no doubt in my mind that she is an exceptional doctor. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	Dr. Damore is very laid-back, which I liked. At first she seemed distant, but she turned out to be great. She answered all our questions and did not rush us. I would recommend her.  	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Humana
31	-1	My exprience with Dr. T. Damore was a negative &stressful; one. She rushed though our short apts, she did not take the time to explain basic medical information to me (re the miscarriage I was expriencing), she (her staff) misinformed me as to the results of a medical test, the few phone calls I made re: my was untimely returned. I found Dr. Damore to be a rude, arrogant & unhappy person. Interestingly, after my negative experience w/ Damore, I began asking co-workers for recommendation. I told them why I was seeking a new doctor and interestingly 2 other women in my office said they had also been to Dr. T. Damore and neither had a positive experience. 	2	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
31	-1	.  		1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	1	I truly am excited to have found a doctor like Dr. Damore, she takes the time to listen and she really shows that she cares about what I have to say.. she also has an awesome staff! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	He is excellent my husband saw him at the rita ranch location. He went above and beyond giving him apporiate medications and sending him to the right doctors.  Excellent man! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
32	1	Takes a personal interest in my care. Even went so far as to call me at home to check up on how the medication was working and how I was feeling.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
33	1	Dr Datta is a lifesaver.. Great cutter, communicates well, not my type, but for you ladies out there, Kinda hot..  	5	4	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	-1	Datta performed 5 lower lumbar laminectomies om me to correct stenosis. During the procedure, the bur hit a bump, his words, and the dura was punctured. The leak was repaired but continued to leak for 8 days at which time Data reopened the incision and corrected the leak. Immediately after awakening from the first operation I complained to him that now my right foot felt like a block of ice and he showed a total lack of interest and made no effort to explain my right leg problems when the initial procedure was to correct a left leg sciatica problem which was successful. Datta has never showed any interest in my right leg problem which has since escalated and I am now permanently unable to attain normal mobility and have frequent nerve pains and continual numbness from bottom of right foot to my anus area. In addition I am now impotent due to lack of feeling in that area. 	2	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	Very friendly doctor and staff. Great sense of humor. Made me feel at ease before minor surgery he did in office. Would definately reccomend. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	I've never had to go to a podiatrist but he came recommended both by JCL and a friend. He took the time to explain my particular type of foot fracture very thoroughly. Great sense of humor too. Highly recommended. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	-1	After getting my procedure done, I looked at the bill and there were added charges not discussed before the procedure. I approached the desk clerk about it and she acted like those shouldn't be there and apologized. I later got another bill in the mail about these same charges saying that I actually owe them. After another couple weeks of fighting with them they agreed to take them of again. I'm still not sure what the charges were for and why they insisted on charging me for them. To make matters worse, my wife had a root canal done by Dr. Day and according to another dentist we went to he didn't drill into the center of the tooth resulting in the tooth being cracked before a crown could even be put on. We not only had to pay the crazy money to have it done the first time but had to pay another dentist to do it again. Dr. Day is by far the worst doctor in Northern Arizona.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
35	-1	Dr. Day performed two root canals that he really screwed up. I had to get both of them redone after just six months. Avoid him at all cost.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
35	-1	Did not administer antibiotics before a root canal and as a direct result I developed a severe fever of 103 during the procedure because the bacteria went into my blood stream. To make matters worse, he did not drill in the middle of my tooth resulting in the cracking of the tooth a week later. He did not respond to left messages. Will ever attend again.  	3	2	2	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
36	1	I have had to have a lot of dental work done in the past couple of years and I came to Dr. Dale from another practice that couldn't do anything right.  I love the staff and Dr. Dale has been great.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
36	0	I am still new with this dentist, but wanted feedback for his cosmetic dentistry satisfaction levels.  So far I think he is excellent. 	4	4	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	Dr. Davis is very kind and trustworthy.  He charges fairly.  He is one of the nicest dentists I have ever seen.  He is very good at what he does. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	Dr. Dean is an amazing OB/GYN. I switched to her after seeing many other OB/GYNs in Tucson. I always have a good experience with her office staff and scheduling staff. I have never had a problem getting in to see Dr. Dean. When I come in for appointments, I am called back on time or early. Dr. Dean is kind, considerate, and cares about her patients. She always greets me with a hug and talks to me like an old friend. She is very smart and I have complete trust and confidence in her ability to provide medical care for me. She has &quot;fixed&quot; all of my medical issues.  I have never had a better doctor, OB/GYN or otherwise, and I would recommend anybody to see her! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	0	Waited over two hours before I even saw her and the staff was unhelpful and unapologetic. When I finally did she her, she did an  unthorough job and did not take the time to answer my questions or address all my concerns. I will be finding a new doctor.  	1	1	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	-1	Horrbile experience. Would not recemmonend to anyone. Complete waste of time and money.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
39	1	Dr. daas is the best doctor i have ever had! Great staff and great doctor. I would trade him for anyother bozo out there.  Very compasionate person 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	-1	Dr. Daas is extremely self centered and arrogant. Left us waiting in the hospital for over 6 hrs. No compassion on concern for his patients or their family members. I would not take my dogs to this Dr. He needs to understand that our time is valuable and we have jobs too. 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
39	-1	&quot;I'm not here to do what other doctors say.  I make the decisions here.&quot; - in response to what my cardiologist recommended in my follow-up visit after I was hospitalized.  Talked over me, cut me off, said there was no reason yet to refer me to (and thus did not) two recommended referrals - one that was recommended by ER and cardiologist, one recommended by two cardiologists. 	4	4	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	Dr. Daas has been our family physican for years and has always went the extra mile to care for us.  It can be difficult to schedule an appointment as he is always pretty booked but it's well worth the visit when you do see him.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	1	i thought the doctor had excellent bedside manners...the staff was very pleasent too!  i was very pleased with the office and doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
39	-1	Doctor would not talk over the phone. Presciptions take up to a week on average to refill and are usually only refilled 1 month at a time.  Required multiple calls to accomplish refills by myself and walgreens.  Recently spoke to the office about getting on a special program to acquire Zelnorm.  The doctor required a visit.  I went and provided the information on how to go through the process. The Dr ignored the paperwork and wrote a prescript saying walgreens would provide him with the paperwork.  Walgreens rejected the prescript. Had to call the office and demand they follow the paperwork.  A month later, hearing nothing back, I called and was told he recvd the paperwork and had to review it, but he would get to it.  Several weeks pass and I call again to be told he would not fullfil my request and that I needed to see a different doctor, all after taking my $30 copay and saying he would process the request.  	 11/7/07	1	3	1	Insurance:Aetna
40	1	He has never been on time -- sometimes very far behind.  He is alway rushed.  But he is very knowledgeable, and does an excellent job.  	5	2	3	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
41	1	I was diagnosed with prostate cancer and came to Dr. Darson for a second opionion. He spent a lot of time explaining a very complicated problem and went through all the options. When I was done, I felt lke I was empowered to make the right decision and felt at ease with my problem. He is kind, caring, and very knowledgeable. I thank God every day for my decision to see him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
41	1	Dr. Darson really took the time to explain a complex medical issue that was affecting my father. I know he took longer than he had to, never made me or my family feel in a hurry, and made sure that we all had a chance to ask questions. You probably cannot ask for more of a doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
41	1	I followed up with Dr. Darson for a prostate problem and was impressed by his knowledge and caring attitude.  He made me feel comfortbale with a very personal problem that is hard to discuss with just anyone.  He is the urologist for the people and of the people.  His staff was very helpful. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	Wonderful doctor.  Wonderful person.  Brilliant, caring, helpful, up to date, respectful, resourceful...you get the picture.  He actually LISTENS and CARES about his patients!  Honestly, Dr. Dare is the best.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
42	1	I simply cannot say enough about what an excellent Dr. and an amazing person this man is.  He has literally saved my life and preventing a nodule on my thyroid from turning malignant.  And that is only ONE of the ways him and his staff have helped me.  Dr. Dare has a combination of brilliance, empathy, dedication and an absolute care for the well-being of his patients that is not seen too often, if ever.  Honestly, I don't think he has a clue just how much he does!  And what's amazing...he has an awesome sense of humor as well!  If you are looking for the epitome of what a doctor should be, check out Jeff Dare, DO, at Chandler Accident & Injury.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
43	1	Great dentist. I've seen several others before finding him. He is honest and does a great job. Don't usually have to wait long at all for appointment. Very highly refer.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
43	1	Very rushed, did  not appear to care.  He does good work but leaves you with the feeling that you are just a number 	2	2	4	4 	Insurance:Delta Dental
44	1	I work at another hospital in the valley l, but I live in Chandler so I decided to give it a try.  I was greeted by a friendly rn and five minutes later I was seen by Dr davila. He was soft spoken, attentive and I must say attractive.  He did not make me feel like I was just another patient on his caseload. My nurse later took me back to a room. Before I knew it I was gone and feeling brand new. I would visit again.  The staff here is attractive! 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
44	1	I had my 1st random seizure and was taken to the ER here.  Everyone was pleasant and Dr. Davila was really nice and warm.  Most docs treat you like cattle and try to get rid of you and make it obvious that they dont really care, but here they seemed attentive and caring even if my questions weren't answered the care was much appreciated in comparison to other ERs I've experienced. Thanks! 	4	5	5	3 	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	I went to the e.r. with bad headaches and my neurologist was not helping me at all. she kept telling me i had cluster migraines. I went to e.r he gave me meds and referred me to a better neurologist and he was very nice and pleasant.  	3	4	4	4 	Insurance:CIGNA
44	0	 	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	. Very knowledgeable Very personable 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
46	1	I LOVE Dr. Daiza! I traveled to Scottsdale to see her for breast implants, lift and tummy tuck with liposuction and cannot believe how great I look.  But it's not only that, it is also the most wonderful care she gave me.  My friend had the same procedure and recommended her.My husband cannot keep his hands off of me now! She always sees me with a smile and although she is so nice, she is so confident and competent.  She has been blessed with both skill and such a wonderful personality.  No ego like some other doctors I have seen.  My breasts are perfect, my tummy is flat as a board and my scars are invisible.  Thank you for changing my life forever.  I cannot be grateful enough.  Keep making women more beautiful, Dr. Daiza.  I highly recommend Dr.  Daiza to all of my friends and everyone in the world!And thank you Sabrina for all your time and answering all of my questions.  you are a gem and Dr. Daiza is lucky to have you.  What a great team you are. 	 8/30/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	Most amazing doctor you will ever find! So sweet, calming, flexible with times, unbelievable results, and even gives out her personal cell phone number to call in case you are nervous (like me). Make an appointment with her - you will agree. I wouldn't go to anyone else - worth the hour drive. I couldn't be happy with my results and the natural looking results. Call her! 	 8/25/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	I had a mommy makeover in July 2011 with Dr. Daiza. She is awesome and very caring doctor. I had 3 children with several abdominal surgeries which left my stomach a mess and me with back pain and core weakness despite many hours of exercise. Dr. Daiza did a great job of listening to what I wanted.  She took  the time to make sure I understood the surgery. What kind of recovery I would except and how best to care for myself so I would get the best overall results possible. I must say I look great!  I have recommend her to friends and one just had her surgery about 9 months after I did. She looks great too! I did have to at times wait a bit longer to see her but once in the office with me she never rushed me and listen to what I had to say. She  will do any other surgeries I may need in the future. 	 8/7/12	4	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	Had a great experience with the doctor.  They staff and physician are very nice.  They were busy that day, so did run a little behind, but it was worth the wait. 	 7/20/12	5	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
46	-1	I strongly advise that you do not choose Dr. Daiza as your surgeon. Her unsatisfactory work has left me facing a correction surgery of more than 5x what I paid her. I have tried for months to receive some sort of assistance from her and have been brushed aside to say the least.  In my personal opinion, she does not genuinely care about the appearance of each individual patient or the further emotional damage resulting from a botched surgery by her own hands. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
46	-1	What Dr. Daiza did to my breasts effectively ended my career. I was a model and dancer. Ever since my surgery, people ask me &quot;What happened to your boobs&#63;!&#63;&quot;. I look grotesque. They are extremely uneven, one of them is stuck high to my chest muscle and the other is EXTREMELY saggy. They don't even look the same size. They look deformed in or out of a bra. Dr. Daiza is aware of the situation, and although she offered to fix it for free (which I don't even know why I would have her perform surgery on me again), she did say I would have to come up with the $1200 for the hospital and anesthesiologist. It took me 5 years to save up what I paid for the original surgery. With 5 kids to support, I have no way of coming up with that kind of money again, especially since my career was ruined by this. I was told that my fee made me a &quot;patient for life&quot;, yet I haven't heard from her office since my &quot;botched results&quot; appointment. I would never recommend this surgeon. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	Went for a consult and really love Dr. Daiza.  She was sweet and listened and was very knowledgeable.  Her sister that works at the front handles the financial part and she does not really have too much room for negotiating.  In this economy and other doctor's competitive pricings, I was hoping she would work with me a little more.  Got a follow up call from the sister and when I told her I chose another doctor, she kind of freaked out and kept yelling at me that the dr wasn't even board certified that I had chosen (he is double board certified!).  They put a lot of emphasis on the certified stuff.  Just because someone is board certified doesn't mean they perform great surgery, sheesh!  Anyways, have heard great things about Dr. D's work and the pics in her brochure were nice.  I really liked the Doctor.  Office staff not as much. 	 9/9/11	2	5	4	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	Dr Daiza is awesome extremely knowledgable and made a very hard decision easy.  I felt very comfortable asking questions about anything.  Most of all I had breast augmentation and it looks incredible after just 8 weeks.  You cant even tell I had it done.  Would highly recommend to anyone! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	it was my first time having breast augumentation and i went to dr. daiza and she did the best job and took well care of me. i would definitely recommend to others 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	i had a breast augmentation with Dr Daiza i am so satisfied with her work she is a great surgion 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	I did my research and found Dr. Sumer Daiza to be a Top Doctor Plastic Surgeon.  My breast enhancment is perfect.  I love my resultrs and no scars.  She is caring and understood what I wanted to achieve.  She is the best. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	I had her do my breast augmentation and it is amazing! They look really natural and I had very little discomfort. A+!!!!!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	I am a patient of Dr. Daiza and underwent an abdominoplasty in June 2009. I have been so delighted with the result of the surgery and her extraordinary follow-up care.  I was referred to Dr. Daiza by a friend and was told not only is her work outstanding and bedside manner wonderful, but she is truly a nice person. I could not agree more. When I visited her website at www.drdaiza.com and observed the before and after photos, I thought - wow, I wonder if I could have this type of amazing transformation and I did! When I went for my consult, I was so comfortable with Dr. Daiza. She thoroughly explained the procedure and the healing stages that would follow. She was completely accurate with each step of the process that I experienced.  I feel so fortunate to have met Dr. Daiza not only for her outstanding surgical skill, but also her genuine caring, professionalism and integrity. I highly recommend Dr. Daiza and am confident that after you become a patient, you will feel the same. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	The best doctor in town for the mommy makover surgery procedure. My results are wonderful, better than I ever expected.  I'm an older person and am very pleased.  It has boosted my self esteem and confidence.  I recommend Dr. Daiza to anyone who wants a caring surgeon who has great talent and skill. 	 9/18/09	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	I would like to Say that Dr. Daiza is such a skilled surgeon. She truly does have some amazing talent. She is so passionate about her work and her patients. From the first time that I had met her I knew I could trust her with my body the with reconstruction and to help me rebuild my confidence. I am so satisfied with my results, my follow up care and the professionalism she has given me. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	I came to Dr Daiza for my rhinoplasty...I was very excited to find a doctor who was caring and relatable...she spoke to me in terms I could understand and everything was great...I love my nose!  I live in Sacramento and will travel to AZ for any future procedures. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	I had Dr Daiza do a tummy tuck on me and she did an awesome job. She was very professional and I am so happy with the results. I will definately use her again! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	Excellent surgeon.  Very happy with results.  She should be on OPRAH.  Also a very nice caring person.  God Bless her. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	I'm very happy with my new breast enhancement.  Dr. Daiza is extremely knowledgeable and talented.  Some people have unrealistic body images.  Dr. Daiza showed me photos of other girls who looked similar to me ( uneven breasts and inverted nipples before surgery) and now my breasts look almost perfect.   Notice I said almost.  She does great work.   My grandmother  went to a plastic surgeon in Florida and she was not happy with him but I keep reminding her that you can't make an elephant look like a deer. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
46	-1	She was not careful with my request and the results were not what we discussed together.  I am worst off than before. 	1	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	I traveled from Illinois to have her do my silicone implants---based on word of mouth. I trusted it would work out and OMG they are so awesome!  No one believes they are not real...they fell perfectly..not fake looking in any way.  So worth the money. and extra for the trip out there.  She did my botox too, highly recommend her!  Silicon, submuscular is the way to go. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	I LOVE DR. DAIZA!! I HAD A TUMMY TUCK AFTER 2 C-SECTIONS..SHE ALWAYS MADE ME FEEL SO COMFORTABLE AND ALWAYS TOOK THE TIME TO ANSWER AND &#63;&#63; I HAD..SHE WAS SO GREAT THAT MY SISTER AND MY AUNT BOTH WENT TO DR DAIZA FOR A TUMMY TUCK AND EYE SURGERY. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	After visiting Dr. Daiza for the first time, I knew she was the surgeon I wanted to use for a breast reduction. Her sweet personality and the time she takes to explain the procedure and answer questions far exceeded any doctor (and other plastic surgeons) I have ever visited. I am currenlty 24 hours post-op and the results are better than I could have ever hoped for. When I look for someone to provide a service for me, or to learn something from someone, I look for someone who is passionate about what they do. Sumer Daiza's passion translates into excellent results. . 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	I LOVE MY NEW BOOBS.  I'M NOW GETTING WAY MORE TIPS THAN EVER!  MEN ARE SO STUPID BUT HEY, IF YOU HAVE THE BODY WHY NOT USE IT.  YEAH BABY!  I GOT SILICONE IMPLANTS. THE BEST.  THEY LOOK LARGE YET NATURAL AND ARE TOTALLY PERFECT FOR MY BODY AND HEIGHT.  I TOTALLY RECOMMEND DR. SUMER AS A PLASTIC SURGEON.  DR. SUMER DOES THE RESTYLANE INJECTIONS FOR MY LIPS AND I'VE GOTTEN SO MANY COMPLIMENTS.  I'M THINKING ABOUT GETTING LIPOSUCTION BUT SHE TOLD ME I DON'T NEED IT.  I'M THE HOTTEST THING IN SCOTTSDALE NOW.   SMOOCH! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
46	1	After numerous adominal surgeries my stomach muscles/wall were destroyed and I had an unsightly &quot;apron.&quot; My bust size also was too large for my small frame. Dr. Sumer Daiza took time to explain the pros and cons of plastic surgery to improve my appearance and my sense of well being. It was good to know she is double board certified; and it also was reassuring to learn she did her residency under one of my former surgeons--one of Arizona's surgeons to the stars. Dr. Daiza performed a breast reduction and a tummy tuck on me and the results are phenomenal. My recovery rate was quick and I was back to work in about 3 weeks. The nurses and attendants at Scottsdale Healthcare mentioned that it's the same for all of Dr. Daiza's patients. Her warmth, mild manner, medical knowledge and surgical talent are stellar. Consistent, caring follow up, too. I would recommend Dr. Sumer Daiza to anyone considering plastic surgery. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
47	-1	Dr. Dean does not listen!  I told him I was ULTRA sensitive to drugs, described what negative effects I have suffered in the past, and he perscribed two of the most powerful antibiotics available anyway, and I have lost the hearing in my left ear because of it.  I even cut the pills in half because of their highly negative and severe side effects, and still suffered toxic side effects.  I can only hope that my hearing will return in time.  	3	3	2	2 	Insurance:Humana
47	1	I have been with him a long time. He is on call all the time for his patients and has responded quickly when called, even once Christmas Eve. I never have to wait to see him if I'm really sick and can get appointments the same day. He has even called back after my visit to see if I'm better. His practice only has him as a doctor, so you will never see some nurse pretending to be a doctor. I don't like that he makes his patients pay for visits up front, but I understand he does run a business and my insurance company pays me back after a month or so. It is so hard to find a caring and knowledgable doctor in this town- I'm glad he's in practice 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
47	-1	Has a terrible temper. Intolerant when it comes to dealing with bureaucracies like hospital or insurance rules. Does well with routine, uncomplicated office care where he is in control. Dismisses patients who become disabled. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
47	1	Dr. Dean has provided care for my mother, my wife, and myself for nearly four years.  He is concerned, knowledgeable, responsive, and takes the time needed to investigate patient problems and conditions.  He responds nearly immediately to any calls to his office and goes out of his way to care for his patients.  His office staff is stable.  Dr. Dean practices alone and does have limited office hours.  That said, I repeat he does respond very quickly with a return phone call to any calls to his office.  That has been my experience with him, and I find him a very satisfactory physician.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
48	1	She was the most thorough doctor I have ever been to!  She really spent time listening to me and went through each of my concerns. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	-1	AVOID at ALL costs 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
49	-1	I feel that I would have been much better off had I never laid eyes on  this person. 	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
49	-1	Too busy to give us results of tests. Made us wait over two weeks and counting for results of tests. Unresponsive and does not return phone calls. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	Dr. Daspit lead the team that treated my benign but symptomatic brain tumor. This tumor causes many hearing and balance issues. He was so good in explaining my options, the pros and cons of all and also got me in touch with a support group that helped me also.  I simply can't say enough about the great treatment! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	-1	waiting on results for 2 weeks no response 	1	3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	I had gone to numerous drs and he is the one that treated and fixed the problem. He is the best and Id recommmend to to anyone,,, 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	Gentleman is without peer; the best doctor that has ever treated me.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
49	1	A highly competent surgeon. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
50	-1	This physician prescribed unsafe drugs without ever advising me of the side effects. I had to contact the state medical board to get a copy of my records. Once I contacted the state medical board she had her supervisor tell me that she did not want to be my physician anymore. I also discovered several billing issues that were never resolved. I was also charged to get a copy of my records. Overall I would never trust her medical judgment I think she was a reckless pill pusher. Overall I would say her communication skills were poor. After reviewing my records I was really able to see what an unethical poorly trained physician I had seen. I attempted to contact the state medical board about the care but in the end I had hoped that she in the future would be a more honest physician.  	1	5	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
51	0	In my experience, Dr Dearing has a great bed side manner and really seems to know his stuff.  However, I feel his staff is unorganized and lacking in response to phone calls. In my experience, they have very limited knowledge in medicine, and can leave a person loaded with anxiety after reporting test results.  I have never had a concise clear conversation with any of his support staff. Nothing like my OBGYN.  His nurse has worked for him 15+ years and she always reports test results with accuracy and is able to answer question.  He is also overly conservative with necessary prescription meds.  After 10 years of visiting him he would not prescribe a low grade pain med for 2 broken ribs, dislocated si joint and sprained hip.  I'm not a drug addict. Never once received an opiate medication from him in 10 years. Never even asked before.   I'm switching primaries! 	2	3	2	4 	Insurance:Aetna
51	-1	I went to Dr. Dearing for a bladder infection, I ended up having to go a few times. Then he made a very rude remark about how sexual partners I had and that is why i was having bladder infections. To the point the he implied that I had STD's; which I don't. He cares more about his politics than his patients. He is always running late because on the phone. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
51	1	I have been going to Dr. Dearing for 20+ years and have never been disappointed.  He CARES!  There have been times that he saw I was distressed about something and just stopped, pulled up a chair and talked to me; which is why if I have had to wait a little in the room before he gets to me, I don't care ... I know he's probably helping another patient just like that. I have recommended him to many others .... and will continue to do so.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
51	1	Dr. Dearing is awesome.  He cares about his patient and has a great bedside manner.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
51	1	After ten years with Dr. Dearing, and insurance change forced me to start going to another so-called doctor. (dr ronald bitza az.) Could not believe the difference. I am so glad to be back with Dr. Dearing. Yes, he's got alot on his plate. However even his assistants are great. I'll never leave. Thanx for everything Doc. You're the best!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
51	-1	This is by far the WORST doctor I have ever gone to. I am 19 years old and when I went in for the first time to get on birth control he made extremely rude comments. A few months later, because I had stopped taking my birth control due to the ways it was affecting my body I went back to get on another type and the first thing he said was &quot;Let me guess, you're back to tell me you have more sexual partners&quot;. When i have been with the same person for 3 years now! Aside from that he has the most disrespectful staffing members,and if you ever need to call and make an appointment don't plan on anyone picking up the phone, & they wont return your all for a few hours if not the next day. DO NOT GO TO DR. DEARING.  	1	3	1	3 	Insurance:Pacificare
51	1	I have been seeing Dr. Dearing for 20 years.  In my opinion there could not be a better family Physician.  In the 20 years I have been seeing me he has always been very accurate with my diagnosis, never wrong, kind and very caring.  I have always received all the time I needed from him.  More times than not I have walked in to his office concerned and I walk out feeling relieved and very well cared for.   Lynda 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
51	1	my husband went in for his annual physical, and dr. dearing found a &quot;spot&quot; on his shoulder that was suspicious.  he referred him to a dermatologist that specialized in skin cancer, and sure enough....it was melanoma.  the dermatologist was shocked that dr. dearing caught it, as it wasn't very suspicious looking.   his staff needs a little help though.  it routinely takes them several (extra) days to send lab results, and twice, they've given me inaccurate information.  	2	3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
51	1	I had appendecidis in November, 2006. I didn't see Dr. Dearing, but another doctor on staff. He immediately referred me to the hospital and called ahead to let them know I would be coming. He further called over the weekend to check on me. I had problems with the pain meds from the hospital and called me at home to check on me. The office got me in quickly and likely ahead of scheduled patients. They are kind and courteous and I highly recommend Dr. Dearing's office.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
51	1	Dr. Dearing is incredibly brilliant and generous. He is the type of doctor that takes as much time as you need and explains everything in detail. Our family had strep throat over the Thanksgiving holiday and he called us to see how we were feeling and if we needed anything. We recently moved to Colorado, but I will travel back to Dr. Dearing's office for my regular care and check-ups.  They do not make doctors like him anymore! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
51	-1	Dr. Dearing is a kind man and a wonderful doctor, however I would not recommend him to anyone because of the financial practices of his offices . I had bill that was never brought to my attention. On my last visit I was informed that I had an outstanding balance of 55 dollars. I paid it at the time and was informed that it was not a big deal. A week later this amount showed up as a collection on my credit. I have exceptional credit and my profession relys on me keeping it that way. I sent a letter to the Dr. Dearing asking him to research this and I have not yet received a response. This letter was sent in may of 2005 and I have still received no response. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
51	1	Dr Dearing is awesome. I have been seeing him for 12 years. I have always been satisfied with him and his staff.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Lumenos
51	1	this man is not only smart, but kind and generous as well. I recomend him to anyone and everyone.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
52	0	Good practice overall, but their rates are ridiculously high and are hard to justify for very short kids' appointments. We won't be going back. 	2	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
53	-1	Wasting your time and $.  It takes me one hour to see the doctor who actually spent 10 mins with me without any special exam and diagnose.  No apologize made. It ends up asking me take the colonoscopy.  No patient and sounds like care about making money for himself.  I will file a BBB complaint afterward because he is the worst doctor I have ever seen.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
53	-1	Had a colonoscopy by him.  When I took the goop before hand, I got about 8 cups when my stomach hurt so much I couldn't take it.  Called him.  He said, I don't care how much it hurts.  Go to the hospital.  After the procedure, I developed a high fever and my stomach felt like it had knives in it.  Called him.  He said, I don't know what to say.  The tests were fine.  I got a new doctor after that.  Stay away from him.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
54	1	Dr Davis is the BEST. He is kind, gentle and takes the time to help. He called me at home 3 times after my surgery. Hes staff is helpful and will call me back if I have any questions or issues. He has done 4 DC and a hystroctomy. I would not have trusted any other doctor to do this to me. HE IS THE BEST.  100% Recomend him!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	1	My wife has serious endometriosis.  Dr. Davis is world-renowned in his field in treating endo so you don't lose the ability to concieve.  He did 2 surgeries on my wife.  I'm writing this quickly because we are on our way to see him and I saw these bad reports.  We were told we'd NEVER have kids.  After five surgeries, we were told we were out of luck.  Most surgeons did &quot;clean-up&quot; endo surgeries in 30 minutes.  Davis took THREE HOURS.  With both surgeries we concieved ONE MONTH after he did the surgeries.  Absent him, we wouldn't have two children.  The ultimate is when he recognized us three years later and asked where my wife was.  I got to tell him, since he didn't know, that she was in the bathroom - with our three year old.  I got to tell him but for him, we would have not child.  My wife may get a hysterectome.  The first time we consulted - he didn't start w/ an exam,-WE SPOKE FOR OVER AN HOUR IN HIS OFFICE. Then an exam.So, today we are asking his advice-hyster. Onlydocevertrst 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	This is the best doctor I have ever seen. I went to several doctors before Dr. Davis for problems with painful intercourse and none was able to correctly diagnose the problem.  Dr. Davis is very caring and knowledgeable.  He is a leading expert in his field. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
54	-1	I have numerous gyn medical issues that are very involved and rare; I have seen many medical professionals.  I had a surgery with Dr. Davis; when I showed up early for the surgery it turned out not to be in the hospital as he had said (but a smaller clinic near the hospital) and right before they put me under, he explained some sort of student would do the operation as he watched/directed.  I was very upset and still am even though a few years have gone by.  I have had nearly half a dozen gyn surgeries and would say the surgery with Dr. Davis was the worst experience out of them all.  After the surgery, he did not even let my husband know how the surgery went (my husband told me later he was shocked that no one came out and touched base with him after the surgery).  I never went back to Dr. Davis after the follow up appointment.  Unfortunately, I can't recommend Dr. Davis. 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Davis for twenty years. He has been the only Dr. to treat my endometriosis successfuly. Although he may not be &quot;on time&quot; he takes the time with his patients to educate, diagnose, treat, etc. in office as opposed to sending a patient elsewhere for diagnostic tests. Because of this he is worth the extra time in the waiting room - just about everything is handled on site!! 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	He's one of top specialists in the country concerning vulvar disease. Always prompt, always kind, and ready to answer any questions. If you have been diagnosed with vulvar vestibulitis, this is the doctor to see.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	1	I was referred to Dr Davis seven years ago because of a lab report of Melenoma Canceer in the vaginal area. I have been under his car since then and at present am free of cacer. Dr Davis is a very plesent,knowledgable and caaring man. The best Doctor I have seen.  I owe my life to him 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	1	He is the worst gyn. I have ever seen! He is always hours late and very insensitive to teh needs of hhis patients. He even did a D & C surgery on me in his office without anesthetic. It was barbarbaric and very painful. I will never forget that pain! He is a bad Dr. 		1	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
55	-1	Doesnt call back or follow up only to be told he couldnt to the procedure that he claimed he could do.  Would not recommend this Doctor to my worst enemy.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Tricare
55	-1	very rude and abrasive.  so is his staff.  has zero bedside manner.  i was afraid going into surgery and he didn't help the situation one bit. 	2	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
55	-1	Dr. De Barros was frightening in his 'disaster' approach about possible lapband erosion.  I waited in the WLIA all day long.  Upon scheduling tests after the weekend, the only concern was not my welfare but upon receiving their DOLLARS upfront.  I had paid $500 cash & attempted to pay with a personal check.  First it was accepted. They called later to say that wasn't their bank so I had to give them a cashier's check.  I said just call my bank branch to verify the money was available.  Not done & office policy was stated rather rudely that the invoice showed no personal checks accepted for payment before surgery. The line immediately below that statement I found confusing because it stated make checks payable to WLIA. My welfare was far behind their concern for payment.  I cancelled my surgery & was out only $500 which of course was nonrefundable.  A disappointing experience to say the very least 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
55	-1	 	5	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	seen him for over 10 years.  Friendly, courteous, and helpful 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
57	1	My husband and I were recommend to go see Dr. Daitch after getting a male factor infertility diagnosis. My husband became a patient there we would both highly recommend him to anyone struggling with any male factor infertility issues. Dr. Daitch has always been courteous, respectful and has a positive personality. He is very knowledgeable at what he does and is willing to give treatments a try to help you. You do have to have the patience to wait a while but he is a specialist &amp; I am sure is busy. But seeing a good knowledgeable doctor, it is worth the waiting time.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
57	1	good at pre-op info and options,,,patient and thorough in explanations.  	3	3	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
57	1	The wait time for an appointment is unreasonable, and once you get an appointment you often wait over 30 minutes after your scheduled time to be taken back to a room. Great doctor, but the office is run poorly.  	3	1	4	4 	Insurance:CIGNA
57	1	Dr. Daich was very helpful with my urinary problems, but his staff was not very good.  I will continue to see him because he is a great doctor and listens very well.  I am doing great.  	1	2	4	5 	Insurance:Medicare
58	1	Best of the best!  Dr. Darragh sets the standard by which many doctors should be measured. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	Dr. Darragh is very thorough, knowledgeable and caring.  Getting an appointment is the only negative--one must hold on phone for sometimes over 5 minutes.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
58	1	The best internist, really listens to patients despite how busy he is, makes the right diagnosis and prescribes the the best treatment. He is a brilliant, kind, caring person and the finest doctor you will ever meet in my opinion. I trust him alwlays to help me. He has been my internist for about 15 years and when I leave Tucson I plan to keep seeing him because I will never find another internist like him in Houston. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	Dr. Darragh has been my physician for 12 years, provided excellent advice, and directed me very well in solving a variety of medical problems. His knowledge is encyclopedic, he tends to be conservative in recommending treatments, and his recommendations for surgeons have been excellent. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	Best physician ever.  He is not a referrer or a script writer.  He tackles the issue.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
59	1	Hes the best...So caring..So glad I finally found a great heart Dr...  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:AARP
60	1	Kristin and the rest of the staff at Sante Center are fabulous! Kristin has helped me tremendously with depression, anxiety, and relationship issues. I can tell she genuinely cares about me, and she has helped me grow so much and has made a positive impact on my life.  	5	4	5	4 	Insurance:Aetna
61	1	Dr. Dean is an excellent, friendly doctor who goes out of his way to make you feel comfortable.  He has excellent medical knowledge and obviously takes a great deal of pride in his work and his surroundings.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
61	1	Dr. Dean is an awesome Physician. He has very happy, supportive and knowledgeable front desk and support staff. Everyone in his office makes you feel welcome and that they want the best for you. I have a new Primary Care Physician due to the excellent caliber of service.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	1	Dr. Dameron was great! I'm always scared of the shot. He made me feel comfortable at all times.  Never even felt the shot! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
63	1	I cannot speak more highly of Dr. Deeb and his staff.  I was able to quickly schedule an appointment and oral surgery and received excellent care throughout the process! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	0	 	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
66	0	A DR should have a caring staff and his head nurse is rude and always talks down to the patients.  She thinks she's the Dr just because she is married to him. He needs to check on whats going on in his office. Wouldn't recommend him. 	2	2	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
66	-1	After my family  has dealt with this physician for several months, it has become clear that he has another agenda beyond healing... Please AVOID THIS DOCTOR! It is my opinion that this doctor is not one I would trust with my or anyone in my family's care.  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Medicare
66	0	Is always on time, but is hard to get an appointment with him. If you need to see someone right away they always try to get you to see his PA.  	5	5	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	1	very down to earth, polite, very careing.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	1	Right after I moved to Tucson I needed major dental work.  I discovered Dehnert Dental via a web search and words cannot convey how lucky I was to have found this office.  Everyone in the office is kind and professional.  I've gone back multiple times for cleanings and always had a positive experience.  I would highly recommend them to anyone looking for a new dentist, or someone who is considering switching.  You will not be disappointed. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	I hate the dentist and have not been in years. I made an appointment at Dehnert and the staff made me feel welcomed. Dr. Dehnert was awesome in making me feel comfortable and did major work on me. I have no issue going back for more work due to the staff and the Dr. Dehnert's attitude. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	Dr. Darragh is extremely knowledgeable and has had a tremendous positive impact on my health and healthy living.  Until I went to her I had all but given up since a year of testing led to an MD telling me he had no idea what my problem was.  Now, I can think positively about healthcare thanks to Dr. Darragh 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	the doctor treats patients using methods that are well ahead of the curve. he is always on top of the issues i am concerned about as a patiet.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
70	1	 	5	4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
71	-1	I feel extremely frightened of the dentist. A dental appointment is a horrible ordeal for me.  Dalton's lack of care and flippant attitude at my emotional suffering was appalling. Don't expect to be coddled but at least be neutral to a person's psychological suffering. Don't almost make fun of them. I just wanted to run out crying.  Don't get me started on his assistant. Was fearful I was going to be rammed with the water extractor even harder than she did it several times until I stopped her.  	1	5	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
71	1	Dr. Dalton was very friendly and helped me by explaining my options and he spared me a huge expence.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
71	-1	When his previous fillings fell out, he did not make sure there was no infection before filling 3 teeth without asking what I wanted done. Dentist was polite but uninterested, dental assistant was arrogant & unhelpful on the phone. 	1	4	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	Fast courteous service.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
73	1	I don't have him as my doctor anymore as he's not in my insurance coverage group. But, as I'm going through doctor after doctor, I cannot find one as good as Dr. Dacanay--friendly, knowledgable, a great listener, concerned, and excellent bedside manner. I saw him many times--chose to see him rather than my GP and he didn't seem to mind one bit. His office was always packed, sometimes visits were cancelled due to him delivering babies, and his office staff was sometimes missing something upstairs, but he always made up for it in his treatment, ability, and good attitude.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Assurant
73	1	John is the best doctor I've ever had.  From the first time we met we became friends and all throughout my pregnancy he was caring, available and most importantly to me, he retained a great sense of humor about it all.  He has left this practice, sadly, or I would still go to him.  My family loved this guy and he made our son's birth a joyous, perfect occasion.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
73	1	. awesome doctor, very smart and wonderful bed side matter 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
74	1	I love dr Decker. He delivered my daughter back in 2009 and will now deliver my son. He is a great doctor. Very sweet and helps you with you needs and concerns. He was totally on top of things during some early pregnancy complications i had. Now everything is perfect. He took care of me. Best obgyn in tucson. I love rita coston too his nurse pract and his office staff. Great people. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
74	-1	The Labor and Delivery Nurses are More Professional than this Joke of a Doctor. 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
74	1	Dr. Decker is very caring and knowledgeable. He delivered my 3 grand children and saved MY life recently as well! He's part of the family; really gives his patients the feeling he cares about them personally. My daughter and I have both seen him recall old patients' names in social settings years later. His offices are efficient and relaxing. Dr. Decker earns all my good marks! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
74	1	Dr Decker is amazing!! I am sad that I am no longer going to have babies and have had a hysterectomy so won't need pap smears anymore, because he is such an awesome person and doctor. He delivered my last babby, I changed to him at 7 months because my previous OBGYN wasn't so good. He took me in and made me feel like I had known him for years. He also recently did my hysterectomy. After a lot of complications (not his fault) he fixed everything and saved my life! My pain that I had for so long that no one else would diagnose is gone. Dr Decker needs to receive an award for being the best OBGYN in the world! Thank you Dr Decker and staff! I will miss you!! P.S.  His NP Rita is awesome as well, to see either of them is a blessing! :) xoxo!! 	 6/13/11	5	3	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
74	1	Dr Decker helped deliever my 3 sons and took care of me very well. always answered all my questions.  Dr Decker is awesome &amp; the best doctor ever.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
74	1	Dr. Decker is AWESOME! He is very kind and caring, He delivered my baby girl in September. He genuinely cares about you. The only downfall he has is that he is not a family care doctor, I wish I could see him for all my medical problems. 5 years ago I had a miscarriage and had to have a d &amp; c done, he was nice and caring about it. I still remember him saying to me that it will all be ok right before I fell asleep for the surgery. The best doctor! He always has the answer and if he doesnt he will find it for you. Goes out of his way for you. My next pregancy I will be calling Dr. Decker! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
74	1	I had Dr. Riley as by OB, and switched to Dr. Decker. He is AMAZING! Very kind, considerate, helpful and informative! I also love the office staff.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
74	1	. Dr Decker is very good he listened and understood I love him! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Banner Health
74	1	The doctor is one that you can feel comfortable with. He is concerned about his patients. He has a wonderful bed side manner and goes above and beyond, to keep you in great health. EXCELLENT DOCTOR TO GO TO ! The first OB-GYN I have found to get problems resolved in a timely manner. A wonderful OB-GYN doctor for your teenagers! He has helped my daughter and I, before things turned into a deadly situation. Give Him a call to help you and your daughter(s). You wont regret it! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
74	1	I've been going to Dr. Decker for 9 yrs now and he has been great. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
74	1	Dr Decker is the best doc in the world... He literally saved my life with the birth of my first child and when I got pregnant again within a year there was no question who i was going to he listens and helps you make the right choice... I always followed the &quot;he went to medical school not I so if he says something needs to be done it NEEDS to be done&quot; and with him you can trust that he  is doing what is best which is hard to find here in Tucson!!! and as above people said he wasn't punctual well he is an OB doctor people go in to labor, need emergency c-section, and have problems, let it be known if it was you he would be there the way he was for that person who caused him to run late.  I recommend him to everyone who need OB care or Gyno care he is the best doctor ever!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
74	1	Dr. Decker is a very nice doctor and he is extremely knowledgeable. He is very easy to trust and easy to get along with. The only negative part of being his patient is that, because he is so well-liked, he has an exorbitant amount of patients and he is usually late to his appointments in the office by thirty minutes or more. 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
74	1	Dr.Thad Decker should be awarded DR. Of the Millenium!  He has delivered all 3 of my children and My Husband and I LOVED him every time!  He is kind, caring, considerate and everything you could want in any Doctor!  Just give him one try and you will know what I and all others who have gone to him have felt!  Thanks Dr.  Decker! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
74	0	He has a wonderful bedside manner but if you're interested in a natural childbirth this is not the OB to see.  He's pretty interventive and even does elective inductions.  I love him for gyno care though.  	5	2	3	3 	Insurance:Tricare
74	1	Dr. Decker did my c-section and did a really good job.  He also has a good bedside manner and listens to his patients.  I would highly recommend him.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
75	0	EXTREMELY POOR STAFF! Most of the staff is very rude and non understanding for a person who is in pain which is why you would go there. One one visit I waited 5 hours yes 5 hours and the doctor walked in asked why i was there and walked out. wow what the hell was that, a bill for wasting my time&#63; They are not avocates for their patients which they are sworn into being as a doctor. And Im sorry but most Americians get divorces but doctors should not take it out on their patients by being absent minded and rude. Its too bad all this wonderful knowledge was wasted on a person who really DOES NOT  care about people. They also charge for you to pick up perscriptions, but they do give you this lengthly sobbing letter telling you why and how they have to spend money to make out your prescribtions for you. Please tell me don't you think a doctor makes enough money to cover some expenses&#63; Its all about the money not qulity patient care.  :( 	1	1	2	4 	Insurance:CIGNA
75	-1	Stay away from this clinic.  They can not keep good help and the doctor is very uncaring.  He did a procedure on me and I was in for a followup and he tried to sell me the procedure again.  I told him he already did that on me and he was surprized.  He had no notes on me and his last nurse just left after a few weeks.   He is crude and narrow-minded.  	1	3	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
75	-1	Even with the staff changes, the office staff is still most unacceptable with their rudeness, lack of follow through, and extremely always unhelpful. Try talking to &quot;Gloria&quot; at the front desk, and you will see just how rude the office staff can be.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Assurant
75	-1	A horrible experience. I would advise you to not waste time or money with this outfit. Priding themselves on integrated care when they are the most disorganized medical office I ever have been too. Dr. Davis is a self centered bragger who cannot even muster an apology after keeping me waiting in an exam room for 1 hour and 45 minutes. 	2	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
75	0	I have been a patient for about 4 years.  Dr. Davis is always running over an hour late.  I do not mind waiting for a doc who is late because he spends quality time with patients, but this is not the case.  He goes off on tangents about how insurance companies have ruined medical care in the US.  He always seems to be distant and uncaring.  His office staff is rude, disorganized and does not follow through, or respond to messages in a timely fashion.   I am currently looking for a new pain specialist.  I highly discourage anyone from going to this doctor, or this practice.  	1	1	1	4 	Insurance:Medicare
75	-1	Doctor could care less, I would NOT recomend him to anyone, no matter how sick you are. Very bad experience with him out right extremenly dissapointed. 	2	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
75	1	Dr Davis has done several procedures on me. I feel very comfortable with him, he explains things in great detail. The staff has had some turmoil in the past, but the ones that have stuck in there are very good. He has a good reputation in the NW Hospital Outpatient facility. The techs and nurses like him. I have been with him for 10 years. He's worth getting to know and having him treat you.  	2	2	4	5 	Insurance:Medicare
76	1	I have had may heart dr.and he was the best!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
77	-1	I found Dr. Dao to be arrogant and he didn't have any empathy or connection with the eye disease I was experiencing.  When I got tired of going to appointment after appointment trying the same thing that didn't work, I mentioned that I went for a second opinion, at which he got defensive and told me I was overreacting and wasting my time.  I don't recommend.  	5	5	2	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
77	1	i FOUND HIM TO BE NOT VERY CHARISMATIC WITH PATIENTS. 	5	3	2	5 	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	Took time with me without being rushed. Explains things in an easy to understand way. Listens to my input on my own treatment. Does not try to make unnecessary appointments or send me for unneeded tests. Staff replies to phone calls quickly and they trust me enough to take care of any of my small issues over the phone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
79	-1	Had a small basal cell removed.  He did not wait for pain medication to work before he started cutting.  EXTREMELY PAINFUL!  Have had this removed before without any scarring but this guy also left a crater scar.   Five thumbs DOWN! 	4	3	1	2 	Insurance:Medicare
79	1	best experience at a dr.'s office in Las Vegas so far... even though i had to pay to get some moles removed because my insurance has a deductable I didnt mind because the experience was so great! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
79	-1	I had an appt, but waited 1.5 in the waiting room and 30 min in the examination room before the dr. came in.  I have a vasular birthmark and I wanted to know more about it and what solutions I had in order to remove it/treat it.  He was very short with me and would not give me a straight answer.  All he kept saying was &quot;I cannot answer that, you just need to visit a doctor at a bigger medical center like UCLA or something.&quot; Every single question I asked was avoided and not answered.  I spoke with him for approx. a total of 2 minutes and he left the room.  I felt so helpless because I came to see this dermatologist for something about my skin, and at the least he could have referred me to a specific doctor! I ended up reseaching a lot more and found the exact doctor I needed to treat my birthmark right here in Las Vegas--there is no need for me to go to UCLA!  So much for a dermatologist! He was so rude, impatient, and unwilling to answer to my needs. 	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	excellent doctor 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	Very competent and caring, organized and knowlegable 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
81	-1	Bad news:  As a psychiatrist, he was interested in neither helping me with my psychological issues (said I needed to see a counselor) nor with my medical issues (said I just took too much medicine and needed to see my other physician).  I asked repeatedly for help with management of anti-depressents, and he deferred to my primary care physician.  When I got a copy of his notes, though, he indicated that he would be happy to manage them.  I saw Dr. Dalpiaz about 6 times over the period of a year, and finally walked away because he said he didn't have a relationship with me.  Waste of time.  No compassion.  Needed a disability evaluation and all he could focus on was how much to charge for it.  Finally, got a copy of chart notes and saw he misrepresented our sessions.  I guess he got his insurance money, but didn't care about helping me.  Very disappointing.  	3	5	1	1 	Insurance:Tricare
82	1	Dr. Day and staff provide the best service. Very helpful, patient, and knowledgeable. They take their time and do it right. Been a patient for 4 years.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
82	1	Very nice, calm office.  Dr. Day has a calming effect.  Nice to nervous patients. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	Very nice small office, I took the kids for checkups and Dr. Day is great! Very patient, takes his time to listen, explains things in a way we can understand and answers all of our questions, also parents can come back with kids.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
83	1	Dr. Joseph David is an absolutely wonderful gastroenterologist.  He is thorough, knowledgeable and compassionate.  I can not say enough good things about him.  I highly recommend him. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
83	1	Dr. David takes his job seriously. He has compassion and is professional and I could not say enough good things about his medical care. I feel very safe in his care because he takes his time and does not rush through his patients.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
83	1	Dr David took personal interest in my medical situation and demonstrated outstanding bedside skills.  His personal and professional skills set the standard for excellent doctors. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	I intrust all three of my children to Dr. Dasilva.  She is a wonderful, caring, and compassionate doctor.  She makes my boys feel at ease during their visit.   We are extremely pleased with her! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
84	1	I am very please with this doctor. The doctor was knowledgeable and helpful. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
84	0	not too impressed with service or treatment of my children at this facility. In and out process, always refers you to someone else and follows the book never any solid advice or help in childrens needs. Always had to go somewhere else 	3	3	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	 	4	4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
86	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
87	-1	Very poor diagnostitian.  Doesn't know what many common ailments look like (TMP for instance) and misses uncommon conditions (Factor V for instance).  His lack of knowledge is dangerous.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
87	1	Dr. Dahn is quiet, he doesn't say a lot so you have to make sure you tell him everything you're feeling rather than him ask. He does ask about certain things but if you have a &quot;feeling&quot; about something, bring it to his attention 		3	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	Dr DeLong saved my husband's life. Husband was in hospital Dec 2006, in ICU for 32 days.  Dr DeLong was his Nephrologist (Kidney Dr) the entire time.  At one point it was touch and go, but the actions of this doctor, and others on staff at Northwest Medical Center, La Cholla, helped my husband to recover.  He answered all the questions from a worried wife (me) and parents with straightforward responses and was available every morning (minus &quot;days off&quot;) for my many questions.   This man, and his staff, is a Godsend! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
89	-1	Dr. Deckey performed laparoscopic surgery to remove my gallbladder. Although I don't think (yet) that he did a bad job on my procedure, he has been the rudest doctor I have ever encountered. I was very hurt by his negative behavior.  If you need to see a surgeon in Yuma, try someone else otherwise he'll end up hurting you emotionally. 	 11/12/09	3	3	1	Insurance:Unknown
90	-1	.  	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
91	-1	She was completely cold, rude, and misdiagnozed the simplest of problems, appendicitis!  she gave me antidepressants and told me it was all in my head.  she was horrible, compeltely incompetent.  do NOT waste your time with her.  then she went out of the country and i couldn't get a hold of her for weeks on end.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
91	1	Doctor Daly is an excellent doctor. Would recommend to anyone! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	Extremely dedicated and helpful to resolve and identify problems. Very knowledgeable in her field and has been a tremendous help for me. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
92	-1	Having a tubal ligation done by him years ago I still and always will have a 6 inch scar similar to having a c-section done. Imagine my suprise when what I though would be a realitively easy surgery through laproscopy I awoke to a whole different way. 		2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
93	0	Knowledgable and good surgeon, but needs to stay off of phone when doing medical work on patients.  	5	3	3	3 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
94	-1	Very nice but seems to tire of repeat patients too easily.  	3	2	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
95	1	Amazing doctor! While he didn't remember us from appointment to appointment without a little reviewing of the charts, there is no one else I would have taken my children to! he completely listened to our concerns and never once made me feel like an over-reacting parent. He talked to the children and asked them how they were doing rather than just using me as a middle-man. He also worked hard to answer my questions and really get to the bottom line as to what e problem was. He even called me after hours once to answer a question I had. I wasn't expecting more than the paperwork he gave me in the office, but he took the time to call a specialist in the area and call me with the information he discovered.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
95	1	Dr. Deibert is a wonderful doctor.  I have never had to wait for more than 30 minutes for the appt.  They have Saturday appts now too.  Dr. Deibert talks to the kids and is very gentle with them.  He is very knowledgable and caring.  He is good and calming your worries.  	 7/6/10	5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
96	1	Dr. Dean has been our doctor for 10+ years and has always been helpful, caring, and a trustworthy.  He, unlike past doctors, diagnosed my husband's diabetes and has provided care on many levels in addition to a number of specialist referrals.  I wouldn't want to see any other family care practitioner.  	5	4	4	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
96	1	good and competent doctor with that added good manner. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
96	0	Does not follow up. Does not pursue additional solutions if original attempt failed. Doesn't seem to put enough time & effort towards the patient.  		3	2	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
96	1	Excellent, takes time to explain in detail. Office is well run, returns calls same day, has a very effecient assitant.  Recommend highly! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
97	-1	Very unhelpful and condescending when questioned about painful results for a steroid injection in my knee. Later found out he misrepresented what was in the injection. 	3	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
97	-1	Staff lost records and xrays. When found in another unrelated (name not even close to mine) blame was quickly placed on those not present. Doctor did not listen to patient. He did not know a simple symptom of a lower pinched nerve due to disc pressure.  	2	5	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
97	1	No nonsense doctor. He's been my doctor for over two years now. Talks to you and examines you and tells you what's wrong. Takes time to explain what's wrong and answers all of my questions. Easy to get in to see him.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
