dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	One of the best doctors I've ever seen.  She is very knowledgable about current treatment modalities and open to alternative treatment options. She's also a great listener and caring person.  I'm a critical care RN and work at a major medical center.  We're lucky to have such a doctor in our small town.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	1	Dr. Potts is very friendly, knowledgeable, and one of the best doctors I have seen in a long time.  I was very pleased with my treatment. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	Our autistic son was the very first patient but was seen at 9:45 instead of at 9.  The dr was not in surgery nor was he visiting other patients just prior to coming into the office.  Our son's anxiety level swelled up and the dr was unable to remove the foreign body from the boy's ear.  We now have to take our son in to the OR whish is traumatic for the little guy who does not understand what is going on.  The dr might not have been able to remove the object but making our son wait so long made it impossible.  We tried very hard to get a good appointment time and to prepare our autistic son; we expect things to work out better.  A quick &quot;I'm sorry&quot; would have been nice, btw. 	4	1	2	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	-1	Terrible doctor, terrible office. They charged me for an appointment and took 7 months to submit it to my insurance, while threatening to send me to collections for a $5 bill that was 30 days over. They don't give shots to kids (told me to go to the local health department.) Very rude nurses, I left in tears after one of them told me how I should be treating my baby. Doctor Phipps didn't seem to care about my health at all.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	-1	This doctor did not listen to a word that I said and I got the impression that my body was no longer mine when I walked in the door but belonged to him.  	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	-1	This dr is a complete quack who has no concern for his patients. He allowed me to suffer with pneumonia while recovering from surgery and refused to admit me to the hopsital. He kept me returning to his office every week for several months until we finally had to express our opinion that his treatment was not effective. He then dismissed me for daring to question his authority and superiority. Incidently, he allowed me to undergoe surgery without diagnosing me with diabetes, which I had, and then I never recoverd correctly from the operation. DO NOT SEE THIS MONEY GRUBBING MANIAC. He was in it for the money as his ridiculously expensive office proves in a very small town. is house is comperable. I still suffer the ill effects of his care after several years. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	I have been using Dr. Pierce for almost a year and am very happy with the care I have received.  He truly listen to you and cares about how you feel.  I feel better than I have felt in many years.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	. Very Thorough 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	Dr. Palczyski did everything for me as needed.  Had me ready for surgery and the surgery went really well.  He was on time. He answered my questions.  Very good person I feel.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
5	1	I love my physician!! He is wonderful I have never had to wait for an appointment when it was an emergency. I moved from Chicago to Hot Springs &amp; I feel Dr.  Palczynski is better than the physician I had in Chicago 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	-1	stressed out busy college student home for spring break from Pittsburgh, having issues w migraine-type headaches, insomnia, stress related heart palpitations, wanted to have bloodwork done to rule out physical problems, and doc said he didn't have time.  will not recommend this physician to anyone.  i'm very disappointed.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
6	1	Dr. Peyton is a fantastic Dr. and a truly caring person! It is very rare that you find a doctor that is not just concerned about a dollar but is actually concerned with your health and what you go through when you are out of their office. I am very happy that she is my families doctor.     -Jason- 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
7	-1	dr price saw my mother who is suffering from clinical depression and her medicine was becomming ineffective and she was spiraling deeper into hopelessness.  when my mom questioned a particular medicine and the side effects dr price was recommending, he went into a long rant about attorneys and drug companies,commercials on TV.  said my mom would have the symptoms in her head whether real or not then closed his book and said we were setting him up for failure!!!!!! (BECAUSE WE ASKED QUESTIONS) there was no other discussion ... he just walked out.....then told the nurse we were &quot;FREAKS&quot;!!  to go to a doctor for help with depression  and hopelessness, and to be WALKED out on and called freaks certainly didnt help my mom, in fact she is more depressed than ever.  i have never in my professional career ever been treated with such unprofessionalism.  i think it is the old saying - some doctors have  &quot;god&quot; complex and shant be questioned. We were humilated and harmed by this doctor.  	5	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
8	1	Though  very young, Dr. Phillips has demonstrated a sincere interest and concern in those issues directly related to those older women experience. She is willing to go beyond what may be normally expected to try to find answers, preventions, cures that pertain to individual issues.  I have found the kind of compassion that one normally refers to when they wistfully remember how physicians treated you in the &quot;good ole days.&quot;  I have no doubt she will be known in Little Rock as one of their top doctors and not from a financial standpoint, but because she deserves that title.  - MC 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
8	1	Dr Phillips is so personable and her nurse that I've seen is wonderful. She was able to help me during a very difficult time by being open about her personal experiences and giving me the information to make my own decisions about my treatment.  I also feel like she is more involved and spends more time with her patients than other doctors I've seen, yet so far I've only had to wait a few minutes when I've gone. Absolutely no complaints, she is wonderful.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	1	Dr. Amy Philips is wonderful! Very personable, and really listens to you. I had a traumatic post-delivery experience caused by a rare complication. She took care of me, and made me feel at ease in a real time of panic. The wait time in the office can sometimes be longer than &quot;normal. &quot;  But, I think she is well worth that wait! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
9	1	A doctor that treats the problem, not just symptoms. Best doctor I ever went to. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	0	no respect for this doctor.  		3	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	1	Probably the best Gyn doctor in Little Rock, Ar  He delivered my son in 1981.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
10	-1	Dr. Charles Phillips cut my newborn face during the C-section.  He told us that he cut our baby daughter face but never apologies for it.  At this moment (three weeks after delivery), C-section incision has still oozes from an opening, and have the risk of infection because poor stitching skills.  From what I read, I believe he WAS a good doctor but his hand and mind are not sharp anymore.  	4	4	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	1	Dr. Phillips is my favorite doctor by far! Very friendly, knowledgeable, funny, caring and good at what he does.  If you have a complicated pregnancy/ delivery, Dr. Phillips is the doctor you want to have.  Always knows my husband and I by name and asks about our children that he delivered.  Always gives us a hug.  Awesome doctor!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	1	I would recommend this doctor to anyone.  I love this doctor!  Very caring, very knowledgeable, listens to his patients and addresses any and all concerns.  Would drive 100 miles to see him.  He is worth it!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	1	Absolutely wonderful doctor. Very kind, and listens to any and all concerns. I would highly recommend Dr. Phillips to anyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	1	This is the best dentist around! Very friendly and knowledgeable. He also has a great staff to go with it. Sometimes getting in can be hard because of the great dentistry you recieve. Try him you will not be dissapointed. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	This dentist is both good and kind.  His is wonderful with children.  He has all the proper equipment so that no procedure need be painful.  He explains everything well and gives options for treatment.  He refers one to very good specialists if needed.  He's just about the best and that makes it a little hard to get a timely appt.  He has been known to make house calls to bed-ridden patients with dental emergencies.  Truly a sweet man. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	The Best! My wife and I are both alive today because of his knowledge and skill.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
12	1	The best in the State of Arkansas Makes you do it right. I owe my life to him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
12	1	A decent doctor. But arrogant at times. Not accessible at all. 	3	1	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	. very wise and concerned but sometimes overworked and can get lost in the shuffle  best this town has ever seen however 	2	3	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	1	one word....excellent. busy and the wait can be long however. 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	doctor Ploetz is very kind,compasionate most intrested in her patient wellbeing. Also she is concerned about the money side also,that they are not being charged for things they dont need.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
14	1	I found Dr.Dennis Parten to be one of the most thurough doctors I've been to. I'm from the Monette area and live 3 hrs away, but I'm glad to drive 3 hrs for good health care. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	-1	Too busy and too many patients... not enough time with patients, does not follow up with lab results and xrays very promptly if at all, not concerned with any complaints patients has... poor bedside manner and office staff rude at times... would not recommend him to anyone... 	2	1	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
15	-1	 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	I've been a patient of Dr. Paden for 21 years and he has been very attentive to my needs and is extremely knowledgeable. He has never let me down.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
16	1	I have been a patient of Dr Pickett's for about 13 years, and she is the best!  This is a walk in clinic, so you are expected to wait, but, she is well worth it.  She knows her stuff, and everytime I leave, I leave feeling better than when I came, knowing that I can trust her knowledge.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	no nonsense type of doctor. Have seen her for many years. Trust her. She does it all. scripts, labs, and you definitely leave her feeling it'll be over soon.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
16	1	she is a wonderful dr she gets to know u and your medical history before she gives u any prescriptions 	4	4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	Been with Dr Picket for over 10 years now..woud wait all day if I had to just to see her.. wonderful bedside manner 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	0	I saw Dr. Pickett for the first time just after getting insurance, and while she was kind, she spent about 1 minute with me. I believe she was behind that day and I could understand her need to move on to other patients. But as a new patient it would have been nice to take a little more time with her. She honestly was in and out of the office in a matter of a minute or two, and I didn't have any time to discuss my issues with her. She gave me some prescriptions and that was it. I don't believe I will use her as my permanent PCP.  	5	4	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	. very approachable and likable, and considerate -has never failed to help 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
17	1	Dr. Pollock is a great doctor!!   I had a Inguinal hernia repaired yesterday.  His staff and the other nurses to care of my every need and were very sweet!!  Dr. Pollock was very fast and experienced!!  I was really impressed, you could tell that he has been involved in many surgeries and that he is very experienced...    Overall, if I have to have any general surgeries performed, I will always call Dr. Pollock!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	DR. POLLOCK IS A REMARKABLE MAN. HE SAVED MY LIFE. I HAD A PELVIC MASS 16 CM IN DIAMETER. THIS MAN SPENT MORE THAN 6 HOURS ON ME IN SURGERY.HE PREVENTED ME FROM HAVING TO WEAR A COLOSCOPY BAG FOR THE REST OF MY LIFE. I WILL NEVER FORGET HIM. I WOULD HAVE BEEN TOTALLY DISABLE IF IT WERE NOT FOR HIM.  I RECOMMEND HIM TO ANY AND EVERYONE 	2	3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
17	1	Dr. Pollock was very upfront and honest with us regarding a very risky surgery.  He was patient with our questions and offered us cautious but compassionate encouragement about possible outcomes.  He made us feel that he was there and available for any problems or questions we had.  The surgery and recovery went very smoothly.  	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
18	1	Had complete hysterectomy with A&P; repair. Dr was prompt, knowledgeable and caring. Have always had morning appointments as some of his other patients had suggested to me. 	4	4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
18	-1	Ask lots of questions before using this doctor, please. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	Exellent surgeon. Caring person.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
19	1	Dr.Piechal has done a great job by me. He is understanding and will discuss whatever you want to bring to the table. Pain Docs aren't easy to find, so IF he seems a bit rough, its because he is very cautious about how he prescribes. Nothing has ever been forced on me, you should appreciate, if you are really in pain, anything he is willing to do to control that pain. Find a better one , let me know.  	 2/20/12	4	4	5	Insurance:Medicare
19	1	Ok...first I don't know why a doctor would tell someone they looked old. And if a doctor or any one called me the wrong name I would correct them before they had a chance to give me the wrong prescription.  I like Dr. P.  You either like him or you don't.  He's fast, gets me in and out. He tells it like he sees it.  I'm happy with that. 	 9/12/11	5	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
19	-1	I have never written a review before, good or bad, but my experience was SOO bad, I really want to warn others. I am an attractive 53yr old female. I was diagnosed with a lyme or reoccuring tick fever. I was treated by my pcp, (love her) but she felt a pain dr may be able to help my flare ups which among other symptoms cause chronic pain, which interupts my sleep. The first 15 minutes he interrogated me. I was taking hydrocodone as needed prescribed by by NP, but it did not always help. I was looking for whatever would help, shots, pills, adjustments. I was totally open. First he basically said I was a &quot;soft&quot; female, that I was the &quot;typical I need pills patient&quot;. I was upset and should have left before my &quot;interview with him&quot; due to the filthy conditions.Instead of letting me go, he kept negotiating pills with me. I said yes to whatever just to leave. He was rude, said I looked &quot;OLD&quot; (I am quite attractive actually) was a total jerk. DO NOT GO TO THIS QUACK.WILL NEVER GO BACK 	2	2	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
19	-1	Dr (I use this term loosely) Piechal teated my husband with injections and adjustments and gave him 7 prescriptions!  Half way home the office called and said Brad had someone else's prescriptions!  They never left his hand after the doctor handed them to him.  The entire visit the doctor had someone else's file.  He was given Tracy's shots, Tracy's neck and leg adjustments and Tracy's prescriptions!  Please report this doctor the to Arkansas Medical Board as we are doing.   A co-worker used to be a drug rep and he told me this doctor is a pusher! 	2	1	2	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	Not punctual. A bit judgemental.  Seems knowledgeable.  Firm/curt bedside manner, but does answer all questions. 	3	2	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
19	-1	Dr.Piechal is an unprofessional biased Pain doctor. He is very demeaning to women and often brings them to tears by his rude/unprofessional comments. Yet he has no problem writing pain prescriptions to men, but he belittles women who need the pain medication to make their pain tolerable. He writes up insurance claims of treatments never given, yet turns them in for insurance reimbursement. I did not find that out until I quit going to him (due to his rude/abrasive/insulting/demeaning comments towards me). I started receiving statements in the mail for treatments (trigger point injections, chiropractic work that was Never done to me. I had trigger point injections my first 2 visits and decided that they hurt me more than helped. I stopped them, yet he continued to charge my insurance. I would rather be in pain than to ever see him again. Fortunately I did find another pain management doctor who was professional and helped me with pain tolerance.  I would NEVER recommend him to Anyone!!!! 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
19	-1	the absolute most unprofessional doctor I have ever seen.  Displayed a very, very, bad temper. I have never seen such a &quot;NUT&quot; before claiming to be a doctor in my life. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	. He has done a vevy good job at treating pain & talking about causes of meds 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
19	1	I am a middle aged female with chronic pain and insulin dependent diabetes. Dr Willliam Piechal has been my doctor for several years. He is by far the best general doctor I have ever had. I do not want another doctor EVER, and believe me, I've seen a lot of  docs in  my lifetime. I have not used him for &quot;women's stuff&quot;, but for general medicine, he is TOPS. 	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	-1	My sister atage 46 was treated for a ruptured disk in her lower back,after 9 month of extensive steroid injections she experienced an enlarged liver, spleen and was near death when her family-practioner insisted she quit the &quot;treatment&quot;.She developed Autoimmune Lupus,Reanauds,and died at 47 from schleroderma-brought on by having her immune system ruined from the good Dr's extensive steroid treatment.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	-1	1st visit was satisfactory, but downhill from there over the next year: he disputed any other doctors' findings and discouraged any corrective surgery; got red-faced and bad tempered if you question methods and stammered through and changed the subject if you ask for explanations; nursing staff was never the same month to month, which led me to believe they knew more than I; pushed expensive injections considered &quot;medically unnecessary&quot; by insurance; does very painful skeletal adjustments and is probably the very worst of all chiropractors I've ever seen; not board certified to treat pain, although it is a necessary part of the specialty; does prescribe to withdraw you and offers no effective alternative for pain; when records finally arrived to next doctor (making it very hard to get treatment) they were very, very poor and rejected as worthless, some diagnoses never even existed; IF you must go, take someone with you (as my Family Doctor says, &quot;nuts don't like witnesses&quot;). 	3	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	dr pierce has been my doctor since he has been practicing. he is a wonderful man and doctor. he is very patient, caring and concerned for his patients and their babies. he has delivered all 3 of my babies. i felt like he always had time to talk to me, even though the hormones were raging and i was not his best patient. he always answered my calls or returned my calls asap. his staff are also wonderful. they never made me feel as if i were bothersome. everyone was always helpful. i will be with dr ruston pierce until he stops practicing.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	1	Dr.Pierce is not only a great doctor but he is also a very kind ,caring and God fearing christian, before he did my c section he said a prayer with the whole family,what can I say this is a wonderful doctor and human being. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	No frills, quick but gets the job done. No unnecessary added costs or xrays.  Just old time manipulations and off you go.  	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Tricare
22	1	Dr. pope is great! The staff at the office is wonderful! His nurses are friendly and helpful! Strongly recomend him.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	Dr did a great job on my left foot .. I did experience some complications (not caused by the doc) but due to my body and accepting the trauma I had caused it .. and even with complications Dr. P and his staff stood up to the mark.. always willing to help and just a phone call away .. then seen me at the drop of a hat when I had issues that I was worried with .. always returned phone calls.. excellant office .. have recommended Dr.P and his staff to many other people .. you won't find a better surgeon !! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	Very knowledgeable. He seems to really care about his patients. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	We switch to Dr. Pittman from another doctor and I can't say how happy I am that we switched. Dr. Pittman cares for myself and my two oldest daughters and he has never been anything but kind and patient. We never felt rushed or like we were inconveniencing him at all as we did the other doctor. We will continue to see Dr.  Pittman for a good long time!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	-1	I have nothing good to say........................ 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	Love him.  He takes care of my whole family (2 adults, 3 kids under 6).  His is the most on-time office I've ever visited.  They ALWAYS fit us in if the kids are sick.  His staff is friendly and responsive.  I never do these surveys, but I hated to see that he only had 1 review and it was bad.  I always recommend him to friends.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	-1	i have cronic disease and on first visit he seemed like the doctor i needed. he was very interested and spent time with me talking about my problems and course of action. next visit took well over an houre to see him, and he had his hand on the door knob the entire time right in hury up and right out. no listening, acted like i was stuppid with my questions and as if i was burdining him some how. I left this visit and not suprisingly his course of action did not work. on the follow up visit explained tohim how the last visit with him was off putting. He sat down and didan actual exam and spent about 15-20 mins with me. a few months later, i had several bad experiances in a row with him. he was back tothe same attitude disintrest in my problem.he treated me like a drugy working the system for pain killers.all i wanted was help from a Dr. he has refused servise later and now i founda dr who cares and said i should have hadthe chance tolive a life free of pain with dr. pittman years ago.  	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	Knows his business. Takes time to make sure he has all the facts. Doesn't suffer fools very well, but neither do I. I don't go to visit, I go to be treated and get well as quickly as possible and that's why I go to MediQuick when I'm sick. I don't care if he likes me, I just want to be taken care of and he does just that. He's smart and he's efficient and he's a good doctor. That's what matters.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	Dr. Patterson is gruff and sometimes short tempered but he is competent and honest. 		3	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	-1	I'm NOT pleased.  		3	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
26	-1	 	3	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
26	-1	I saw this Dr because mine wasn't working that day he was not helpful at all, he rushed through the visit and made me feel like he was doing me a favor by seeing me, he made me feel like he thought I was making up my symptoms.  worst Dr i've seen so far 	5	5	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	-1	This doctor informed me that if I continued to feel the pain from a huge cyst on my ovary, I would need to consider prozac. Funny thing is,I ended up in the hospital for a total of 10 days...the cyst and other scar tissue had restricted a piece of my bowel to the pelvic wall.  Prozac huh&#63; 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	1	OK.  Straightforward.  Staff above average. 	5	3	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	He is awesome about working toward the birth the mom desires.  When situation occurs he is calm and confidence inspiring.  Even my husband was impressed.  I recommend him to all women who are searching for an OB/GYn who believes a woman's body is designed to labor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
27	1	I used this doctor for my second pregnancy and was very pleased with him.  I had preeclampsia with my first pregnancy and developed high blood pressure late into my second one. He always remained calm and reassuring.  He is not extremely talkative, but he is very kind and knowledgeable about what he does.  During my entire pregnancy, he was late for my appointment only once--because he was delivering another baby. 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	He is very kind & patient doctor. I've been seeing him for 10 years now. He delivered both my children & performed my hysterectomy. He is extremely understanding & explains things very well. I have always had pleasant visits with him & his staff. I would recommend Dr. Reid Pierce to anyone in this area. He definitely puts his patients first.  	 2/12/07		5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	1	He is a very kind, patient doctor. He explained all procedures very clearly. He is a very pleasant doctor with a wonderful staff.  		4	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	-1	Doesn't explain things well. Wasn't pleased with treatment and switched to another ob-gyn. 		2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
27	-1	Sorry, Horrible, Erragant.... He must have gotten his degree on line!!!!!!!! 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
27	-1	Was not very pleased with my treatment. Switched to another ob-gyn. 		4	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
27	-1	THIS DOCTOR KILLED MY UNBORN CHILD AT 7 MONTHS... I HAD HIGH BLOOD PRESSURE THAT WAS NOT BEING MONITORED, RESULTING IN MINI-STROKES.... HE WAS VERY UNCARING SEEING AS HOW IT HAS BEEN 3 WEEKS NOW AND HIMSELF, OR ANY OF HIS STAFF HAS EVEN CHECKED TO SEE IF I AM ALIVE OR DEAD.......HE SHOULD LOOSE HIS LICENCE AND HAVE TO WORK AT A LOCAL PIGGLY WIGGLY!!!!!!!!!!!! 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	Very patient. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	Staff can sometimes be short with patients.  They talk to themselves a lot while ignoring the patient and going about their job.  Tends to overbook too so wait time can be long.  But otherwise very happy w/ his service.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	1	Doctor is very good, helpful and kind. Staff improvement is needed... the office personnel are arrogant and disorganized with poor attitudes. 		4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	0	Right before the nurse strapped me to the table, she told me that the doctor never performed this kind of procedure. He proceeded to try to insert a needle in my hip joint. He could not find the joint, and I felt the needle scraping and scraping my bones as he tried to get it in. This procedure was supposed to relieve pain. However, my pain is ten times worse than what it was and I can barely walk now, only shuffle. I can only hope now that I can heal from this procedure, let alone the problem I was having before it was done. Dr. Phelan was nice to me and did try to answer my questions. But I don't understand why I was sent to a doctor for a procedure that is not his specialty. 	5	5	4	1 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	Dr. Park is the best doctor I have had.  He has operated on me twice.  His outgoing attitude and personality makes the experience better. He is patient and ensures you know everything you want to know about the problem and the solution. Great guy and he has a great sense of humor. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	Wonderful man.  Will answer any question without making you feel stupid.Great follow up.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
30	1	Several years ago Dr. Park repaired my torn ACL, PCL, and LCL after a bad knee dislocation. I was very happy with him all around. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	Nothing but the BEST!  Dr. Park is very caring and extremely helpful with knee/shoulder problems.  He is the best orthopedic guy in Northwest Arkansas.  He even helps with taking care of our beloved RAZORBACKS when they fall ill.   Just wish he could help them win more games! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
30	1	Dr. Park tried to convince me for years to have surgery on my shoulder and once I did I realized it was the best thing I could have done. He wasn't going to force me into a surgery I wasn't comfortable with but he knew what he was talking about and convinced me to do it. I am so glad I did. I have had no trouble with it after 20 years of dislocations.  		3	4	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
31	1	Must pay in advance. Can't admit to hospital. Has no one to cover for him on a consistent basis during his frequent absences. 	5	1	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	Dr. Pierce is a very caring Dr. He always takes time to listen and has a great and helpful staff.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	1	Dr. Pollard is great and really helped me over about a year of therapy.  I highly recommend her.  She is very knowledgeable and understanding. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
33	0	Average wait time is over an hour. Punctuality is a habitual problem.  	4	1	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	1	Both my husband and I go to Dr. Phillips.  She is a VERY GOOD Dr.  We have been going to her for SEVERAL years.  We like her VERY MUCH.  	3	1	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	-1	She is never on time. I end up waiting at least 1 1/2 to 3 hours on an appointment everytime I go to her.   She doesn't care about the patients that have problems she only cares about the ones that are getting Botox or some other crap to make them look better.  If you go in to her with a blood clot in your leg, she will never even look at your leg, she just feels it on the outside of your jeans and say's I don't feel anything.  Take an Ibuprofen and it will get better.  WRONG it was a blood clot that ended up causing a heart attack.  She didn't even try to run any test at all. 	2	1	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
34	-1	 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
34	0	I'm writing on behalf of my employee.  She is hispanic with no insurance and was treated that way.  She waited 2 hours in the waiting room while others were seen before her then told to come back later.  When she arrived later she had to wait another 2 hours and then was only seen by the doctor for 10 mins.  She lost a whole day of pay from work. 	1	1	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	He seemed very committed and dedicated to his work.  My mother had very high fever and after her surgery he waited until she was stable before leaving.  He seems focused on patient care and if I had a trauma I know I would be in great hands if her were assigned as my surgeon. 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	-1	presents herself very unprofessionally, in her vocabulary and demenor and accessories (ie. head bandana) when working in the emergency room 	2	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	. GREAT KNOWLEDGE VERY CARING WILL WORK YOU IN IF YOU HAVE A SUDDEN PROBLEM GREAT CLINIC AND GREAT CARING STAFF 	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:Medicare
36	-1	While the office staff is very nice..Dr Parrott  seems to busy to explain medications or even return phone calls. This is the first time I had a real scare with my health and I feel as though I had to change Drs  to have my questions answered.When there is a health problem the last thing you should have to do is go to another DR. 	4	4	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	 	4	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
38	-1	Had a cyst removed and could actually walk &quot;before&quot; surgery, now in pain all the time and can only walk 30 min. at a time but in pain &quot;always&quot;!! He admits it is nerve damage that wasn't there before!! 	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	Very down to earth, thorough doctor. Explains everything in detail.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	1	Dr. Phelps was amazing through out my pregnancy, delievery, and post partum. The staff at cornerstone was always so sweet and made me feel at home! I loved the fact that she doesn't like to give C-Sections, but shes not totally against them. I was very close to getting one at the end of my labor because my babies heart rate dropped low and came back up, if it did it again she said I was going straight to surgery. This was my first baby, I pushed for an hour and 7 minutes, he came out face up, weighed 9 pounds 3 ounces, and I didn't tear at all (I credit her for that) . As soon as he was out he came straight to me and That's another thing I LOVED. I didn't want my baby to be taken right away to be cleaned off and then given back to me. All in all I had a great experence with Dr.  Phelps and will use her again! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	1	I am a high risk pregnancy due in Dec. and Doctor Phelps has been great. She has taken extra steps to make me feel comfortable and secure. She always takes her time with me and answers any and all questions. I am very glad I found her.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
40	-1	My daughter's friend's baby's arm was broken by this &quot;doctor&quot;. The baby was huge-but she did not allow a c-section. She told the mother - the baby dies or I break her arm - You choose. This &quot;doctor&quot; never gets the arrival date correct because she always says the date is at least 2 weeks off. She treats her patients like idiots. 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	Dr. Phelps is, perhaps, the kindest and most compassionate doctor I have ever met.  I miscarried my twins six weeks apart, but Dr. Phelps was always available and always patient - even when I was over-wrought.  I can't say enough good things about Dr. Phelps.  I have continued to visit her practice and will as long as she is in my area and insurance plan. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	It first became neccessary for me to visit Dr Phelps after some other routine tests came back indicating a problem. After spending a few weeks worrying out of my mind over the &quot;what ifs&quot; , I was able to get into see her and she was truly professional , answered each of my questions in detail and was very patient with each of my concerns. After several tests the problem was found and easily remedied. In my opinion I would highly recommend her. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	This Dr Is Amazeing In Part to her and RiversideReginal Medical Center In Newport News Va me and my son had a rockey go at it when i was pregnant he was born 6 weeks early and is healthy and happy. Now that i am expecting our second i just wish she was here for it Thank u So much 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	I get regular cleanings and just moved here so I wanted to try Monarch dental out. Went in for a check up and they took numerous x-rays that were very uncomfortable and cut my mouth. I have had x-rays before but be warned, they manipulate the x-ray packets in your mouth in a way that they were not designed to be placed in there to get pictures of every single tooth root and it was painful and took at least 15 minutes. Then they kept referring to my treatment plan throughout my check up which annoyed me because I am 32 years old and have never even had a cavity! What the heck were they expecting - everyone to walk in needing tons of work&#63; Made me feel like they were money hungry. They then checked my gums and then the dentist came in (had been there an hour, no cleaning)and told me that I had stubby roots and he could fix them with root canals. I have never even had a cavity!! Poked and prodded and made me feel like he was checking a horse. Very poor bedside manner. Will not return.  	4	3	3	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
42	1	Dr. Ron has helped my family greatly.  He is upfront and honest even when you do not want to hear what he has to say.  It is tough work what he requests; however, it has always been for the best and my family is much better. 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	Very thorough, attentive, knowledgeable, and kind.  He listens intently and asks questions to fully understand issues.  Readily recommends specialists when needed and follows up on success of treatment.  Highly recommend. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	Amazing doc!  His staff is all so wonderful.  His bedside manner is awesome.  He is beyond knowledgeable.  I love that he has an x-ray machine in his office, along with the ability to do labs there as well.  (specialized labs have to be sent out, but your basic blood work is done while you wait)  He actually reads your chart, listens to what you have to say, and will make suggestions to help you better achieve the goals the two of you set up to help you out.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	-1	Raised price quoted after performing procedure! Get everything in writing! All procedures ended up having to be redone. 	5	3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
46	-1	Doesn't listen to his patients complaints, and has a know it all attitude. 	3	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
46	-1	The doctor only spent about 2 minutes in the office with my sons to tell us that they had an ear infection after being very sick for 2 weeks. He would not answer our questions, his nurse treated us like we were ignorant and the doctor wrote a prescription that the pharmacy could not fill because it was no longer being manufactured. The appointment was a waste of our time and money. We were given no respect and made to feel like we were a bother. The staff was very unprofessional.  	2	2	1	2 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
47	1	I loved Dr.Payton. He makes up for many of the annoyances I had with the practice.  So understanding!!!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
47	1	 	4	5	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	He is friendly and knowledgeable.  He takes his time to make sure you are getting the best care. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	Dr. patterson is friendly and takes alot of time with you. He is very imformed as a doctor.  		3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	1	 	4	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	Dr. Porter was my mother's doctor after she had her stroke. He was so helpful and kind to her. He took such good care of her. She lived seven years having strokes and she had complete trust in Dr. Porter. She was in the hospital so much and he was right there with her. Dr. Porter is a wonderful, caring doctor and he actually has a good bedside manner which is truely unusual now day and time.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
50	0	 	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
51	1	As long as you understand waiting and don't mind wasting time of 1-2 hours for each appointment, then you will be fine with the rest of your service.  The nurse takes time with you (after your wait) but the doctor is obviously running late to each overbooked appointment.    Good results from surgery.  If / when needed, I will find another doctor who is on time or at least better understands my time is valuable.  	3	1	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
52	1	Wonderful experience. Dr Perrin listened to me and made sure I understood everything that was going on.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
52	1	Extremely helpful staff and Dr. Perrin is always incredibly attentive and is never rushed or in a hurry to get rid of me.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
53	1	Dr. Parkhurst happens to be an excellent cardiologist - both my husband and myself are his patients and we would have none other - he is patient, answers our questions and takes the time we need.  Also very co-operative with our care.   Linda Winn, RN 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
53	1	correct but distant, seems distracted.  	3	4	4	4 	Insurance:Medicare
54	1	Wonderful person. Explain what is ailing you and she will try to find out what is wrong with you. Good doctor. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	Wonderful bedside manner. Caring, attentive, and will listen to what you are saying. Answers any questions you may have. Explains everything he will be doing or what needs to be done. His face shows that he's concerned about your condition.   Great surgeon! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
56	1	Dr. Pace did my back surgery over 10 years ago.  I have not had any problems since.  I always recommend him when someone talks to me about their back problems. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	Dr Pace takes his time with you and your problem. He will talk with you for as long as you want to about your options.  When &quot;we&quot; decided on a operation it went off without a hitch. The downside was that your waiting time can be up to 3 hrs. in the waiting room and if you have to call his office it could be up to few days before a return call 	2	1	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
56	-1	Unable to diagnose problem after 7 months and 3 MRIs.(no Xrays)  Took films to out-of-state spine specialist and had answer in 20 minutes. The  diagnosis was confirmed with one Xray. 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	He's a great surgeon, not great bedside manner, a little quiet. His appointment and billing staff are terrible. I've waited over 3 hours for my appointment.  		1	5	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
57	1	I have just got to know Dr. Pennington but he has been great up to this point.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
58	1	excellent doctor; very compassionate and caring 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
59	1	VERY  KNOWLEDGEABLE AND HELPFUL IF YOU ASK QUESTIONS 	5	3	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
59	1	I have seen Dr. Patel as a patient and have also taken my teenage daughter to see him. As a patent, mother, and medical preofessional, I have nothing but wonderful things to say about Dr. Patel. He always takes time to explain details. Yes, he runs behind. Most specialists do because they have to see so many patients. He saw me on an emergency basis several years ago. I went to his office at closing time, he stayed late and performed a bone marrow biopsy and admitted me to the hospital. I was basically bleeding to death due to lack of platelets. His nurses are always pleasant and attentive. His office staff have always been respectful. I refer many patients (as a nrse) to him, and will continue to do so. He is an excellent physician.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	-1	This doctor diagnosed me with Polycythemia in 2001, after 2.5 years of Phlebotomies, and his chronic tardiness, I saw another Hemotologist. Found out that all the tests for my diagnosis were NOT performed. After completing the tests regimen with the new Hemotologist I was re-diagnosed with Obstructive Sleep Apnea.  I've been on a CPAP now for six years and my polycythemia has miraculously disappeared! I will not recommend this doctor to anyone, his chronic tardiness, lack of attention to details, unwillingness to perform diagnostic test panels for known or related hemotological conditions will be enough for me to warn all new patients away from his care, beware! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	-1	We used this Dr. for a family member and we ,as a family, were VERY DISSATISFIED with his Pt.Dr./Family Dr. communication skills and his lack of desire to answer questions.  This Dr. even went so far as to challenge information provided to him by the patients' family.  We finally ended up receiving information on our family members' current health status from another Dr. who had seen the pt. earlier and was called back in to consult with Dr. Patel.     Dr. Patel would tell us something TOTALLY different every time we met with him.  If we were to ask a question related to what he had previously told us, he denied that what we were questioning had ever been said, and would became noticably angry(this happened on numerous occasions).  Unfortunately, our family member has since passed away.  I am not blaming this Dr. for that, but I am blaming him for making this time in our lives, & the patients' life, a &quot;very frustrating&quot; and confusing experience. 	4	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
59	1	He is willing to explain the condition and trys to minimize your concerns. Friendly and cheerful.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
60	1	seems like a good doctor 		4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
61	-1	out of all the doctors ive seen she is the worst.She talked to me like i was beneath her  i wouldnt tell anyone to go to her. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
61	-1	Dr. Parchman's manner is cold, detached and somewhat superior.  You always wait a long time and are made to feel she is doing you a favor by making time to see you.  She dispenses information that is little more than what can be found online and asks very few questions leaving you with the distinct feeling she doesn't care about you and is more interested in getting to her next appointment and keeping the money coming.  Pretty unimpressed.  	3	2	1	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
61	0	Dr. Parchman's nurse came out to the waiting room to call my name and instead called me the &quot;bleached blonde&quot;. I felt that was very unprofessional. Dr. Parchman seems to always be in a big hurry and does not take enough time with her patients. She does not seem interested in helping people with complicated problems.  	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	1	One of the best doctors I have encountered EVER 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	I am a Registered Nurse 20+ years, met many physicians. Dr. Petty is one of the finest and most knowledgeable that I have met. After spending 2 years going to an internal medicine doctor that did nothing for me. I was referred to Dr. Petty by another RN. 3 visits later I am on the right track with my health. Thank you Dr. Petty:) If you want a doctor that cares and will put forth the effort to think outside the box and do more for you than just take your money. Go see Dr. Petty! Highly recommended by many of my co-workers.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
63	1	Very knowledgeable, very competent, brilliant diagnostician.   Kind office staff.  I recommend him to everyone. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	diagnosed me on the 1st visit after 15 yrs of searching for an answer to my symptoms. listens and brain storms w/patients. He is always learning and attending conferences which gives me confidence in his up-to-date knowledge. All the nurses in the office are open and very kind and helpful. He is very easy to talk to and he doesn't shy away from any topic or symptom. I really appreciate what he's done for my quality of life over the past 6 months and wouldn't hesitate to refer him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
63	-1	This doctor is a &quot;quack&quot;.  Half the time he can't remember his own name.  He is seriously dangerous and you would be smart to find another doctor.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
63	1	NEVER MET A MORE PASSIONATE PHYSICIAN. HE DOES RESEARCH ON EACH AND EVERY QUESTION I ASKED. HE IS VERY THOROUGH.  BEST PHYSICIAN IN THE AREA! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	1	This is the best Dr I have ever had he has help me, my husband and my brother He has the best bed side manners ever...he listen's and act's like you are the only patient that he is going to see that day.He has been sooo good I am so sad to lose him..as of Dec 21 I no longer have him as my Dr he is moving to Bentonville.......I will truly miss him I trusted him and I will have a hard time replacing him..I wish him the best and Bentonville you are lucky to get this Dr...  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
65	1	His staff is wonderful and he is a very knowledgable man that cares about his patients.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
65	1	This is the first time I have almost enjoyed going to the dentist. I had two front teeth capped and Dr. Pennington would not put them on until they were a perfect match to other teeth. They were sent back to lab one or two time until they wer perfect. Dr. Pennington and staff are very professional and office is very up to date and most rooms have a wonderful view of wooded lot next door. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
66	-1	He diagnosed me with supraventricular paroxysmal tachycardia; saw him twice.  Hasn't suggested anything to do or take when these 3 hour attacks come on.  Did have an MRI and EKG for diagnosis, but nothing to remedy or at least ameliorate them. He couldn't pronounce or spell &quot;paroxysmal.&quot;  2 errors that I know of are on my chart - thyroid dosage and aspirin avoidance.  	3	2	2	2 	Insurance:Medicare
66	1	Has subtitute most appointments, I like to see the Dr. at checkup.  		2	3	5 	Insurance:Medicare
67	1	I only had him as a general practice doctor, so I don't know about his history with Emergency Medicine, but he was always very attentive to my needs as a patient. 	5	5	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	Dr. Perkins is a very professional dentist. I felt I was treated well, I was helped greatly. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
69	-1	Dr. Pittman was so rude and lacked concern over elevated blood pressure and other symptoms that my wife walked out of the exam room crying. I then had to take my wife to another hospital 20 miles away for adequate care.  For someone in the health CARE business, she doesn't seem to care that much. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	I LOVE YOU DR PEEK!!!  He has the best bedside manner of any dr I have had.  I have had 3 surgery's my last w/ Dr Peek, he is the only doc that prayed w/ me on the operating table.  He calls me &quot;princess&quot; everytime I see him.  Thank you for helping me though this and I couldn't ask for a better dr.  3rd times the charm, but also 3rd time gave me a skillful, loving, careing, and god fearing dr.  He doesn't believe he is god, and would never try unlike my previous surgeons.   He is worth the wait!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
70	1	I've known Dr. Peek since 1995. He is the BEST ever! Wonderful man, very caring and compassionate. He has been treating me on a regular basis since 2007 and I highly recommend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
70	1	Ins is now out of network but prefer to go to Dr Peek and pay the xtra money. Dr.Peek is so wonderful that you have to wait to see him, but he is not only personable,knowledgeable listens to your input but has always been able to help me. I refer many people to him.Last but not least you can tell that God is in control in his Life. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	. he is the best dr around he always hears what you say he has helped me so munch 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
70	1	I waited over a year to be able to see Dr. Peek, it was well worth the wait. I had a doc who screwed me up, and then walks in Dr. Peek. I told him I was afraid to under go another back surgery. By the time the 1st visit was over I knew he was the one. Kind, understanding. Just doesn't say things you want to hear, he says the truth and comforts you.  He is the BEST DOCTOR EVER! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
70	1	Dr. Peek is the best, i wish all my doctors were like him. I have been his patient for 19 yrs and 8 surgies he has done on my back one on my neck. A wonderful person, doctor and friend.  Tracy 	4	2	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
70	1	Many thanks to Dr. Peek for all he has done for me.  He is the best! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	Dr. Peek is well trained, confident, great bedside, willing to inform you and discuss issues/options, he is concerned about your pain and he wants to make you better. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	When I think of Dr. Peek all I can think of is kindness, caring, and will not let you leave his office until all your questions are answered. He is not just my Dr, but my wife's and mother in law. He is not just my dr. but a friend and he will do everything possible before surgery is an option. A model of what you would want all doctors to be. My sincere  thanks to a sincere great man and I thank you for helping me the last 13 years.  Rick 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
70	1	God Blessed us with a wonderful doctor. I wouldnt have any other Doctor, He's the best. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	This is an amazing physician. Dr Peek has done an incredible on my deteriorating spine which is complicated with my diabetes. He's without any doubt, the best person as well. Dr. Peek is hampered by only one thing that has nothing to do with his abilities, the Clinic's management company has placed all the clinic's doctors on such a strict appointment schedule, I don't see how he's able to have enough time in a day to see to all his patient's needs, however Dr. Peek does & does it admirably. He has operated on me numerous times when all other conservative treatment failed & I can't share enough plaudits with others about him. He has literally changed the quality of my life. God Bless Dr. Richard Peek & his endevours.   P J Welch, Little Rock, AR 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
70	1	Dr. Peek is th best.  i didn't know they made them like him anymore.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
70	1	Dr.Peek is a #1 doctor. He took me from almost loosing all movement of my legs till he performed my fusion surgery, due to the damage of my back my siatica nerve was completely cut thru with him repairing my problem I can feel my legs other than the severe nerve damage I now have due to my bad back and main nerve damaged,my back is doing great no problems and I'm walking something I could hardly do before Dr. Peek saved my life. It took me a yr. to learn to walk again due to how bad my back was before surgery but I'm back and going strong. I'd recommend him to EVERYONE. He's definately my Hero.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
70	1	He is a great doctor ! My sister had a lumbar fusion and he has helped her to walk without a cane!! He went in and cleaned up what a neurosurgeon ( won't mention the name ) had messed up REALLY BAD !! She is doing great after surgery..no infections or any problems !! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	What a GREAT DOCTOR! He helped me walk again. I had received less than desirable treatment from another physician, but Dr. Peek did all he could to fix what the other guys had messed up. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	Very Good Doctor! My mother in law had a back problem and they said she would never walk again. She now walks and is proving two other doctors wrong! Thanks Dr. Peek! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	. Kind, Caring, Takes time to talk to patient without seeming to be in a hurry, very honest about what to expect, doesn't do surgery unless he really believes it will help you 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
71	1	I love Dr. Puen! He is the only Doctor I will ever go to. When he first came in we didnt even talk about why i was there, we just talked. He then asked me what my opinion was about my sickness rather than just perscribing me something..  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
71	-1	Long wait, frowning dull nurse who was too snappy, awful privacy, in fact NO privacy, door was constantly left wide open and everyone who walked by peered in, a mandatory pee/ drug test for all new pts, this list could just go on.  The worst experience I've had with a doctors office! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Humana
71	1	Dr Puen always takes time to answer all our questions and concerns.  He explains his treatment plan so you know what to expect. He really cares about his patients. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
71	1	Dr. Puen really cares about people and always does all he can to help. He cares about the community and does all he is able to in that area also.  A fine doctor and person also! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
71	-1	The staff is unbelievably inept and doctor means well but has too many patients and a narrow knowledge of various conditions. His nurse, however, who happens to be his wife, is kind, caring and skilled at her work.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
71	-1	Misdiagnoses and too many patients. Long wait time 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
71	1	Dr. Puen is an example of a highly competent family practitioner who has 'seen it all'. He works with ARkansas residents from all walks of life and all income levels, and is gracious to all who cross his door. He is more competnet than any Family Practice doctor I have ever had occasion to utilize. Highly reommended to well-off and poor alike. And his wife, who is the primary nurse in the facility, draws great blood! 	 9/22/05		4	5	Insurance:Unknown
72	-1	. Doctor needs to be more attentive to patients and more patient 	5	2	2	2 	Insurance:Tricare
72	-1	This doctor does not examine his patients well. Everytime I have went in to this doctor, they don't do blood test, don't listen to your lungs or anything like that. They listen to what you have to say and then give you antibiotics and pain meds. I went in 8/4/09 because I am having flu like symptoms, the doc said maybe you just have a cold and gave me antibiotics. With the H1N1 virus going around you would think they would do a blood test of some type.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
73	1	Used Mercy Health insurance.  Front staff is not always easy to work with, but Dr Potts is the best 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
74	1	. great bedside manner very caring and wonderful nurse that assists 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
75	1	i REALLY ENJOYED SEEING THIS DOCTOR AND WOULD DEFINITELY GO BACK AGAIN.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
75	1	Doctor was very nice and took his time with me asked me questions and ordered tests my old doctor did not bother to do.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
75	-1	Wait times generally several hours past appointment time.  Never on time and always in a hurry.  	5	1	2	2 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
76	1	Excellent! He has a very busy patient schedule so he may not see you on the exact min but worth the wait. He was not my attending phy but he was an associate of my prev phy and delivered my 3rd son did a great job and also performed my tubal. I also have to other relitives who have been his patients and both recomended him. He was so nice to me and explained things to me with great care and patience. I moved and am now seeing one of dr.pickhardt's former students. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
76	1	I've been a patient of Dr. Pickhardt's for over 15 years.  He absolutely has the best bedside manner of any doctor I've been to.  He is genuinely concerned with his patients. He is very knowledgable and caring.  He takes time to answer your questions and goes beyond what many doctors do to get to the bottom of health issues.  Over the years I've recommended him to several family members and friends.  He's delivered several babies in my family over the past 6 years.  We all have nothing but great things to say about him and would be devistated if we didn't have Dr. Pickhardt.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
76	1	Dr. Pickhardt is amazing.  I have been his patient for over 7 years.  He was my ob/gyn during the pregnancy and birth of my first two children.  Most recently he helped me through a difficult miscarriage.  In the best of times I appreciate his skill and knowledge and his kind bedside manner.  During the worst of times he exhibited genuine concern and sadness.  I trust his medical judgment completely.  I have placed my own life and the lives of my children in his hands without a second thought.  I give him my highest recommendation. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
76	1	. He has helped me tremendously, he is a very caring and knowledgeable doctor, always ready to talk and explain to you what he is doing and what for, I think he is a very good doctor, 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
76	1	He is never in a hurry, and he's always interested in what's going on your health and your life. He's a great doctor! Very personalable. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
76	1	Dr. Pickhardt is a warm caring doctor with a great bedside manner. His surgical skills are the best and he takes each case as if it were his only one. He works hard with each patient to find the best solution possible no matter how long it takes when there is a problem. Dr. Pickhardt is a very thorough Doctor. Generally, he is on-time with seeing his patients, but every once in a while it does take longer to see him, but I firmly believe that is because he is giving his all and I would rather wait for a doctor in those circumstances knowing that I will get the same quality care.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
77	1	I highly reccomend Dr. Powell. She answers all my questions. I never have to wait very long. She is patient. Always has a smile on her face. She is just all around a great doctor. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
77	1	Dr. Powell is very knowledgeable in her field of study and did a great job of delivering my daughter. However, at times she seemed very uninterested in my personal needs and made me feel unconfortable to ask questions. Poor bedside manners. 	4	3	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
77	1	Dr. Powell is extremely knowledgeable and empathetic.  She diagnosed my uterine cancer and performed my surgery.  The surgery was successful and I had an easy recovery.  I would recommend Dr. Powell highly.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
78	1	He is a GREAT dentist. Competenet, friendly, explains the procedures needed and then does them in a very expert manner. Highly recommend him! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	Dr. Petkovich is a great Dentist. He locates and handles the EXACT issue you are having. He does a great job, is very friendly and his staff are friendly and educate you on anything you have a question on from simple to complex. I would recommend this practice to my friends and family. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	Everyone at this office is super. Dr Petkovich knew what he was talking about and the results of my treatment was wonderful. I would recommend anyone to this office.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
78	0	personable, friendly, but beware.  &quot;conservative&quot; treatment never seems to work out despite numerous attempts, resulting in more extensive, expensive treatment.   not convinced he had my family's best interests at heart 	1	4	3	2 	Insurance:Delta Dental
