dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	-1	Had Dr referral appt.  only to wait 3 1/2 hrs in office for an aprox.  10 min visit- EXPLAINED NOTHING really!!! You have 3 ruptured discs, make an appt with another dr. & try  steroid shots in neck & if that does not help call me back or come back in 3 months. When asked which hosp here he preferred, St.Eds for &quot;brain surgery&quot; had better ICU, Sparks for spinal surgery, can get 5 surgeries in there to 2 or 3 at St. Edwards. If shot do not work will remove 3 vertebre in neck and put in material that will fuse and you will go home the next day. Would discuss my Siactic Nerve problem and I have Rheumatoid and Osteo Arthritis and did not even mention anything about them or how my neck got this way. Just 3 ruptured disc - what's a ruptured disc&#63; Nurse gave me slip for Phys therapy, which he told me not to do and she said he marked yes for me to. Then later came out of office looking for me to tell me NO PHYSICAL THERAPY, he marked it wrong. Total of 3 hrs 45 minutes WASTED.  	2	1	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	1	A very good neurosurgeon, he did surgery on me. 3 cervical herniated discs. I have heard nothing but good things about him. 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	Dr. Johnson was the third doctor I had been to trying to get an issue resolved. He took the time to explain in detail what was going on, why, and what the best course of action would be. He has wonderful 'beside manners', did not rush or indicate he was brushing me off. He was extremely knowledgeable of what was happening. I was having vague symptoms and was afraid he would discount them. He knew the symptoms before I even listed them all. No matter how vague or odd they sounded to me. I would definitely recommend him to anyone. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	All around great dentist, I don't think I will ever find another one like her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
3	1	Health Net Amber - Medicare Advantage Plan .....  Her office staff is very nice, I got an appointment the next day.  I almost didn't want to leave this feedback because the more people that go to her, the longer I'll have to wait for my next appointment!  LOL  Dr. Jordan really listens to me and explains things to me recognizing me as the intelligent person that I am.  She actually smiles and doesn't seem burnt out like I see so much with doctors.  She told me of a tea to drink that might help me out and I can buy at the store.  That impressed me so much.  She ran all the tests that I felt I needed.  Her nurse, Holly, is great also.  She listens and is knowledgeable, but I just like seeing Dr. Jordan better.  They went out of their way to help me find a specialist and do the referral.  The office is modern, comfortable and very clean... the a/c cranks.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
4	-1	I had very bad experiences with Dr. Jackson. I don't think she even knows my problem. The medicine she prescribed and the therapy she arranged didn't work at all. When I needed to and asked to talk with her over phone, always nurses, she never answered my phone. Frustrated! 	5	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	I love Dr. Jackson.  She is extremely gentle and patient.  I always feel like she has time to listen and address my concerns.  She is fabulous.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
4	1	Dr. Jackson was very responsive to my needs and I am very thankful for her experience in diagnosing my problem and determining a plan of action to remedy the signs and symptoms of my condition. I am impressed with how quickly I am recovering.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
4	1	Recently I had to have surgery. Dr. Jackson was very helpful. She knew I was scared and took the time to answer any and all questions I had.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	Found and cared for a problem I was having right away when previous doctor in Russellvile did not.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	Dr. Jarvis is the first psychiatrist that listened to every thing I said and actually made a diagnosis and medication choice that was patient specific! He is a very knowledgeable doctor! He reads clinical trials and journal articles to keep up to date with treatments. I appreciate doctors that don't just throw you on drugs that reps bring in and give tons of samples of! Dr. Jarvis is very prompt and effective at his job.  Consider him! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	instead of just talking to a nurse during your visit and spending 5 minutes talking to a doctor, dr jarvis personally takes you to his office and spends the whole visit talking with you and discussing options/suggestions and answering all questions you may have. he is thorough and very caring. i always feel comfortable talking to him and voicing any concerns or questions without feeling like i'm being judged. i have complete trust in him and would definitely recommend him to someone else who needs help. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	-1	I went to him for ECT treatments due to my severe depression. I was so depressed that getting out of bed was hard for me to do. Unfortunately the ECT treatments did not work. I needed him to fill out some paperwork for my job releasing me from work until we could find the right medication that could help me with the depression. he acted put out that he had to do any paperwork and every time I would see him he kept asking me why I couldn't work. I kept telling him that I was so depressed I hadn't even brushed my hair in a month. It was hard for me to believe that I was having to explain this to a psychiatrist. ECT may not mean much to him since he never has had one, but a person has to be pretty damn depressed to go through something like that. He didn't seem to understand that. On top of that he put me on an antidepressant that wasn't working , yet he never changed it.I was a few minutes late one day and he was obviously angry about it.  He shouldn't be a doctor,much less a psychiatrist 	3	5	1	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
5	1	I have seen many psychiatrists over the years.  Dr. Jarvis provided me with the best care I  have ever received, both inpatient and outpatient.  I did undergo ECT, at my request, and found it to be the most helpful treatment I have ever received, and I have been on just about every medication you can imagine.  I would highly recommend Dr. Jarvis if you have problems with depression and anxiety. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	He is the most amazing psychiatrist I've ever had. He has absolutely saved my life.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
5	-1	He was my doctor while I was in a psych facility and was only interested in the ECT's. He did not care about discussing any personal issues that had brought me to the hospital. He was evasive when I had questions about the treatments and became angry and rude when I asked about the extreme memory loss and confused fear I noticed in other ECT patients. I demanded to leave the facility without completing the final treatment and he angrily blamed me because I was upset at his behavior and fearful of him performing the treatments. After having completed two other series of ECT's, I knew that he was doing something different-I had a constant headache and felt awful. After my 5th treatment, the recovery nurse even commented on the fact that all the post-treatment patients faces were terribly red, something I had never seen before. He treats patients like guinea pigs and was polite only when I didn't question what he was doing to us in the ECT room. I would not recommend him. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	Until I had questions about the ECT's he was performing on me, he was very polite, funny, empathetic.  When I asked about the bad reaction some other patients and I had to the last couple of treatments, he became evasive and almost rude.  I was in a psych unit during the treatments and he seemed more interested in the ECT's than in the effect they were having on me.  He seemed to blame me for the discomfort I was experiencing and wanted to continue with the final treatment although I'd had a bad headache since the last ECT and hadn't eaten in two days because of it.  I trust him as a doctor but feel that he put his treatments above the care of his patients.  Now, his ignorance of the intensity of my headache and the nausea could have been the fault of the hospital but he was, after all, my doctor.  	3	3	3	5 	Insurance:Medicare
5	0	Avoids answering questions and is evasive. Shows no empathy. 		5	1	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	Absolutely helpful. Expert in his field. Never had a better shrink. 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	dr joshua was wonderful came to my room and explained everything to me so i could understand i feel blessed i was able to see him 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	-1	.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	-1	I went for a severe earache after hours. He told me &quot;This is an Emergency Room we treat emergencys like heart attacs and strokes&quot;. He told me I could pay the price of a clinic visit and he would write me a scrip. If not I would leave with nothing and pay for a full ER visit. I was in severe pan and he didn't care at all! 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	He is a wonderful doctor with an insightful grasp of his patient's personality!  He understood me and the individual problems I would encounter returning to work after a head injury.  He did not know me before but has been right on in treating me!  I would highly reccommend him to anyone else.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	1	Best doctor I've ever seen, although he was in the ER at Mountain View, not in Fort Smith.  Very attentive and knowledgable and curteous. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	I had 2 positive home pregnancy test, he didnt even give me a test. I didnt get any prenatal vitamins, only magazines. Needless to say i never went back.  	4	5	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	He delivered my child over 3 years ago and did a wonderful job. He was very sensitive to my needs and did whatever it took for me to have a good delivery.  The only complaint I have of him is that he tends to mumble and you sometimes have to ask him to speak up.  	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	He is very straightforward and extremely compasionate. His patients emotional and physical well-being is his ultimate goal and personal mission.  His staff is simply great! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
9	-1	Oh, If I had the freedom of speech!!! 	 5/10/06		1	1	Insurance:Unknown
10	-1	This doctor is hard to get a hold of and would nto see patient in an emergency and was not helpful. 	2	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	I love Dr. Charles Jennings but when you have to wait 2 to 3 months to get an appointment then there is a problem. He is wonderful and allows me to be a partner in my healthcare but he is always so booked that an appointment is 2 to 3 months out. 		3	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
11	-1	. Dan  jones just left every one of his patient  hang out to dry and  had  no compation for me  just  kept telling me i  was to  fat and needed to  move more well it is hard when you get blown up by the electic CO he was very  un patient we  me and   left town with little time  or concern for his  people 	5	3	1	2 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
11	1	He helped me out when I had most of my hope from my previous doctor. I went to Dr. Dan for years and I am so sad to see him leave. He will be missed by many!!!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	He is very caring. 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
12	-1	 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	Dr. Johnston is such a knowledgeable, capable physician, yet his manner is humble (in a positive way) and kind.  His work as a general practitioner is a real gift to his patients.  Wish there were more like docs him.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
13	1	Dr. Johnston is an excellent diagnostician. Not only did he (correctly) diagnose me with a rare neurological disease (confirmed by the neurologist he referred me to), but I also heard from my microbiology professor that he was the doctor who diagnosed his wife with cancer (so basically, he isn't going to just toss you a prescription to treat symptoms and act like that should fix it). If you are struggling to find out what is causing a health problem in your life, he will work with you for however long it takes to get to the bottom of it. Excellent listener, very kind and compassionate, funny when appropriate, and above all, incredibly smart. I recommend him to every person who asks (and really, most everyone at LR Family Practice is good). The only downside is that it takes a few days to get in to see him unless it's an emergency. But he is worth the wait. I would rate him a 50 on a scale of 1 to 5 if I had the option on this website. Everyone I have recommended him to would agree.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
13	1	Great doctor. Been going to him for about 8 years.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:GHI
13	1	Dr. Johnston has been my families doctor for several years.  He has always been knowledgeable, compassionate, understanding, and kind.  I highly recommend him as well as the other doctors at Little Rock Family Practice.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	1	I've been using Dr. Johnston for several years now.  He's very personable, empathetic, and a good listener.  He's also up front with his diagnoses and concerns.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	1	Awesome doc! I've been going to him for over 15  years.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
13	1	 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	She is great.  Takes a lot of time to talk to you about everything you need to talk about.  If she can not help you she will refer you to someone else.   great lady and has helped me a lot 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	-1	quick to diagnose without taking the time to check other possibilities. Misdiagnosed a blood clot in the lung for alergies. Does not take the time to listen fully to the patients problem 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	He is very good and will send you on to a specialist if need be.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
16	1	This is my first visit to Dr. Jones. I've never met a dr who spent as much time w/the patient. I was counseled on all aspects of my high risk pregnancy and it was an eye opening experience how I was treated. He was gentle, kind, and obviously knew exactly what he was doing. If i had known about him I would have used him for my previous pregnancies. On top of all that wonderful stuff, I was not even asked for a copay. The other clinic I had considered wanted a huge deposit up front before I even met the doctor. With his clinic, I can make a payment I can afford for my 20%. I was told next visit they would have the info for me. He is a great doc, with a wondeful staff, great clinic, and I wouldnt go anywhere else ever. too bad he is 72 years old and he can't last forever. when he retires, the community will lose a very good dr.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	-1	He was my OB- I found him to be bad in stressful situations, he doesn't answer questions effectively, and he will probably never know your name; he just calls everybody 'honey'. If you ask him about his birthing practices, he will tell you about infant mortality in India and babies born in rice paddies.  His staff was great, but the Hospital where he delivers leaves a lot to be desired too.  	4	4	1	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
17	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	The punctuality score results from the popularity of this doctor who is in demand. He is knowledgeable and an  advocate of his patients. I was diagnosed with an aggressive cancer and was denied radiation that Dr. Jacks said I needed. The denial was based on another doctors prognosis and severity of my cancer. Dr. Jacks secured my approval to have my case reviewed by a panel of other physicians. As a result of this effort the consensus of medical opinion was that I would benefit from radiation. I received radiation treatment and now am five years cancer free. I strongly feel his professionalism and tenacity saved my life. His staff are friendly and helpful. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	Dr. Justice is the BEST!  He answers all my questions and is very thorough.  The friendliest Doc I've ever known.  I have recommend him to everyone that has a medical problem.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	1	office staff has too many doctors patients to keep up with (they forgot I was there) nurse was very rude, and acts as if she can care less if you receive help, Dr was late, but was very knowledgeable, maybe he has too many patients or the workload is just a bit too heavy. waiting time in lobby was 3-4 hours..  	3	1	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	1	Can get the job done. 		4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	the best doc i've had,polite.punctual and very good 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	wonderfull md and staff 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	Our son was having serious heart issues 2 weeks after birth and Dr. James left his practice, diagnosed the issue, then secured transport to Children''s Hospital.  He was gone from his practice over six hours!  When we got to children''s I over heard our Cardiologist say this was the best chart he had ever seen.  He is a caring and smart Dr. who always has time to go the extra mile. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	He took lots of time to take a history on first visit.  He had good advice on a heart problem and was just pleasant to talk to.  He was helpful and kind.  I would recommend him.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
24	1	. dr jackson helped me for several years but droped or reasons unknown he has me on medicines like xanax and alot others 	4	5	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	He was appropriately concerned and very kind.  He spoke to me on an appropriate level, that is to say he didn't use medical terminology of which I was unfamiliar.  I would recommend him to anyone and would ask to see him again if ever we have to visit the ER again. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	she will listen to what you say.She is also a very caring doctor.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	-1	This doctor is a quack. She overprescribes narcotics and I do not see why she has not lost her licence. People like her give doctors a bad wrap! If you ever need a doctor, make sure you don't go to her. You will most likely become hooked on pills you don't even need. 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
26	0	Is friendly but hardly smiles.  Doesn't give pt. much information or ans. questions very well.  	2	3	3	3 	Insurance:Medicare
27	-1	He doesn't listen to anything you have to say. He acts like he's in a hurry the whole time, and, since he doesn't listen, misdiagnoses or doesn't prescribe the correct medicine. He's rude and not worth the hour and a half he makes you wait. 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	. He is great! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
29	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
30	0	I've been a patient of Dr. Joseph for about 2 years now. He seems to be very knowledgeable; however, I find him frustrating because he on average only gives you about 30 seconds of his time (no exageration).  	2	5	1	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
30	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	The best of the best, hell would freeze over before I ever saw a diffrent dr. Words just can not describe this dr. AMAZING!! 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	Very nice and courteous staff. They make you feel very comfortable.  	 2/18/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	1	Have used Dr. Jackson for over 16 years and his wealth of knowledge is unmatchable. A few times I tried seeing a ob-gyn in Jonesboro where I live but they miss things that Dr. Jackson is right on top of. I had a benign mass on my throid...the doctors in Jonesboro never felt of my neck during a visit but first thing Dr. Jackson did and sent me to a specialist in little rock who found out it was benign. He can't always be on time...he is delivering babies and they are not scheduled but you will be in great hands.  He delivered my child, he helped me get pregnant when nobody else at UAMS had been able to and he truly was a great caring doctor! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	1	I love Dr. Jackson he was very good with me and my baby. He is very old school and doesn't like heavy medicating anybody it's not good for the unborn baby. He doesn't have great bed side manner but will do everything in the best interest of your body and unborn baby. He comes highly recommended from all my friends and me.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
33	1	The thing with Dr. Jackson is that you either love him or hate him.  I happen to be one that loves him.  He is extremely knowledgable in his practice, and answered all the questions that I had to ask.  He does come off rude, but if you know him, you know that its just the way he is.  He is a fantastic doctor, and, as long as you do what he tells you, you will have no problem with him. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
33	0	Dr. Jackson delivered my baby and I really wish he hadn't. He is mean to the nurses, he's messy, you can't understand half of what he says. Another thing that bothered me was the fact that he gave me an ultrasound everytime I saw him instead of the normal 2 or 3 ultrasounds. His bedside manner is awful and he does not listen to you and barely even acknowledges that you're even there other than the fact that he's poking and prodding you. I would not recomend him to anyone.  	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
33	0	he is very abrasive, has no bedside manner. He is verbally abusive to the nurses to the point that you feel very sorry for them. He practices medicine in a very haphazard manner. On the other hand, he is one of the most knowlegable doctors I have known. 	1	1	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
33	0	He delivered my grandson and I was shocked with the way he treated his nurses and the way he treated my daughter-in-law. As she had trouble carrying the baby starting in the 5th month, Dr. Jackson was rude when he put my daughter-in-law  in the hospital to stop her labor when she was 6 months along. My son and daughter-in-law asked me not to say any thing to him for fear of how he would further treat my daughter-in-law. The night the baby was born his nurses went way beyond their duty and he talked awful to them 	2	1	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
33	-1	He was very rude during my exam. He never looked at me, ignored what I had to say, and didn't seem concerned that he was hurting me.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
33	1	Dr. Jackson has been my doctor for 16 years. Has helped me with some very bad things. Highly recommend him. Truly compassionate and devoted to his patients. Some may find his manner abrasive but I personally love him. He always makes sure that he answers every question I have.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
33	1	. good beside manner!on the dot due date,explained everything,asked if u had questions 	4	1	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
33	1	Dr. Jackson is a very knowledgeable physician in his field.  His bedside manner is very poor however.  I would recommend to him that he treat his nurses with a little more respect and kindness. 	3	4	3	5 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	. kind, kids love him, knowledgeable about internationally adopted children 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	1	Dr. Johnson is absolutely one of the best doctors I have ever been to. His vast medical knowledge and advice and bedside manner is second to none. I would recommend him to absolutely anybody. Great Doctor!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	Great Doctor. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	Dr. Jackson listens very well compared to most doctors and is very open minded to patient's input on treatment options. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	Dr. Jackson is very polite and down to earth. He takes time to listen to his patients concerns and does not treat you like another &quot;file&quot;. He thoroughly explains why he needs to do something and/or why he has prescribed your medications, etc. He answers questions completely. He is a young doctor but he is very committed to his chosen profession and it shows. If he doesn't know the answer to a question, he'll tell you and make every attempt to get the answer for you. He is good with adults and children.  		4	5	4 	Insurance:CIGNA
38	1	. Very good doctor knowledegable and tells you what hes doing,  Great!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	1	My mother and I have both had Greg Jones for a surgury. We were both treated well by both he and his staff. If I have one complaint. Sometimes it takes a long time to get in to see him once you arrive for an appointment. But I have never been dissappointed in the care. Rides a mean motorcycle also...  	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unicare
39	1	This guy is top notch. He came very very highly recommended by another Doc. I to will not go to any other Doctor. He went above and beyond what i expected. He has worked on myself twice and my son once. He pulls no punches and tells it like it is. Im 44 years old, he said my knee was like a 40k tire and i had used 30k and needed to adjust my living accordingly, well life is short and they make replacements so i'll see him soon for my new upgrades. Life Is GREAT 	 12/22/06		5	5	Insurance:Unknown
40	-1	Very nasty attitude;blamed patient for complications after surgery.recommended a completely inappropriate course of treatment for breast cancer that would have killed the patient had she not sought a second opinion. 	5	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	I rated as I did because, in my opinion, Dr. Allison Johnson deserves the 5's I rated her.  She is very punctual, has a great desire to help me feel my best, and seems to know what she is talking about. She believes in getting to the source of the problem so that she can better treat me.  I feel very secure in her care. Adding to those things, she has a very upbeat attitude and truly seems to care about my life.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
42	1	Helped me w/ a newborn and two year old twins who were all sick at the same time. I'll spare ALL the details but it involved a seriously bad case of diaper rash, coughs, etc.  She is a great doc! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
42	-1	Accused our son of abusing medicene. Didn't listen to what we had to say, because she was the &quot;professional.&quot; That may be, but she isn't with him 24 hours a day. Also, she might be all of 30 years old. Needs to learn to listen to patients.  		5	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	-1	. has someone else perform test then will not contact you unless srious problem,other than that you have to track him down or be happy to be left in the dark 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
44	1	Wow, very personable person. I'd let dr Johnson perform surgery on me....She is so intelligent. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	Very pleasant and knowledgeable. Our first visit already very impressed.  will rate again after surgery.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
44	1	She was very good.  She did a surgery for me.  She has a great personality and is very helpful.  I would recommend her. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	Always nice and smiling and asks how everything is going and if you have any questions, and always answers them. Only real critisism I would really have is that sometimes you have to see her partner instead of her and sometimes her partner has to deliver your baby instead of her and he makes you feel extremely uncomfortable and is very rude.  	5	4	4	4 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
45	1	I personally love Dr. Jones. She is very sweet and she cares about what is best for her patients. She is the best doctor in Newport Arkansas!!!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	Always very sweet and helpful. She doesn't act like I am just another patient, she seems excited that I am pregnant.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
45	1	I was very pleased with my experience with Dr. Jones during office visits.  However, I began to develop pre-eclampsia in my 37th week.  I went into her office on a Thursday and was badly swollen.  She did comment that she was concerned my blood pressure was high, but only scheduled me to come in the next week.  I went into the hospital that Sunday, and even though she then said she suspected p-e, she was going to keep me overnight to do a urine protein screen before inducing labor.  However, as she walked out the door, she touched my toe and I kicked her.  The fact that my reflexes were in that much of an overdrive was enough proof to her that I needed to have that baby YESTERDAY! :)  It turned out okay, and I had been really impressed with her up to that point.  However, I feel like she should have looked closer at the signs (how swollen I was Thurs. and my bp), went ahead and induced instead of letting it get so bad.  	4	1	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
45	-1	refused to see me when she was oncall for my o.b.  judgemental to my situation,i was treated poorly in a emergency & denied help 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
45	1	Dr. Jones is very knowledgeable.  She talks so fast though that sometimes it is hard to follow her conversations.  She seemed to talk a lot about herself as well instead of focusing on my needs. 	3	4	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	I did not have to wait very long and when I saw Dr. Jansen he was friendly and reassuring. In addition he gave me straight forward instructions on how to deal with my injury and asked me if I had any further concerns and took my concerns seriously.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
47	-1	My 81 year old mother has been seeing this MD for three years. He is totally aware she has Alzheimer's. After I spent an hour in the waiting room they call me back to the exam room and say my mother will be in soon.  After another 10 minutes I find out they sent her out of the office to the restroom down the hall in a high rise building where all the doors look alike.  After looking on the floor I call security and 30 minutes later they find her four floors below the MD's office.  The MD say's &quot;No charge for the visit and guess you have lost confidence in me.&quot; Never did say he was sorry.  His exam lasted two minutes. This MD has a big ego and doesn't like to be questioned. He was referred by her primary care MD when she had heart failure and told me that was a better way to die than Alzheimer's.  This guy has no compassion for his patients.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
48	1	We love Dr. Johnson.  There is sometimes a longer wait to see him than the other doctors in the clinic, but worth the wait every time.  He and his staff are compassionate and understand that these are our children they are dealing with.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	-1	He could care less about making sure you understand what is going on and just wants to get you out of his hair as quick as possible.   He shipped me off to a surgeon with none of the tests showing that I needed surgery thankfully the surgeon listened to me and said no we need to look into things a little farther! 	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	1	Best staff and best treatment I have ever received.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	0	Doctor did not discuss with patient testing that was being ordered or why and an inordinate number of tests were being ordered.  Always had to wait to see doctor...one time for 3 hours.  	3	1	3	3 	Insurance:Medicare
50	1	Very good cardiologist. H orders many tests but in order to get to the root of the problem. He has found many issues that other doctors have missed because they have refused to test their patients. He truly cares about his patients and the care they receive while at his clinic. 	5	3	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
51	1	Very easy to talk to.  Does not rush. I trust h completely.  Do not like the phone syst.  Would like to be able to talk to a real person when I call.  	4	2	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
51	0	Always in a hurry, makes you feel rushed.  Sometimes it does not appear he is listening to you.  	2	1	3	3 	Insurance:Humana
51	1	 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	Don't like how he runs his clinic! 	3	3	2	5 	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	I love him!  He delivered both my babies.  Sometimes you do have to wait a bit as he is delivering babies at the same time as seeing his appointments.  So, you are grateful for that wait once you are in labor!  If I ever end up pregnant again, I will drive the hour and a half again to see Dr J.  No one else will take care of me and my babies.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
53	1	Great Doctor and a good person.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
54	-1	.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
54	1	Great Doctor!!!  Was very informative and took the time to listen to my problems.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
54	-1	 	2	2	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	Dr. Jackson is excellent. She save my toe joints when other doctors just wanted to fuse them together. I do not hesitate highly recommending her. She does not mess around. She will tell you like it is. Her staff worked extremely well with my insurance. No problems there.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
55	-1	It takes entirely to long to get in to see her while on the other hand when you do get in and have to return (which you will) be prepared to have to wait another month for your next appointment.  It took her office 2 weeks to get back to me about what my insurance was going to pay towards the shoe inserts she was prescribing.  Way too long!!  Mean while my foot is still killing me and it looks like this process is taking at least 4 months to complete.   WOW!! 	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
55	1	I had foot surgery on both feet.  One had outstanding results, and the other was fair.  Pricey...she charges for all post-op office visits.  Most physicians have one all-inclusive price for foot surgery.  Fair communication skills.  	5	2	3	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
55	0	The nail on my big toe got injured and fell off.I went to Dr. Jackson to ask how long it would take to grow back and she said&quot;I have yet to see one grow back. This was a year and a half ago and it has grown back beautifully. She wanted to remove it and wanted to make an appointment for that procedure. Recently I sent her a picture of my normal nail and a letter stating how wrong she was. Also at that visit she cut my toenail which I didn't ask her to do. I will never never go back to her. She is abrupt and rough.Also I know of 2 women who went to her for loss of big toenail and she removed them. Please do NOT choose her for your foot Dr. 	3	3	3	2 	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	Great Doctor. Follow up is beyond compare.  She is respected by all other doctors I have on my treatment team.  That speaks volumes about the doctor she is. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	I am always taken back quickly just to sit and wait over 40 mins. This has happened twice. Dr Johnson is very knowledgeable but has no regard for other peoples time. I have liked her care but do not want to be in a drs office with a scheduled appointment for two and a half hours.  	2	1	5	3 	Insurance:CIGNA
57	1	I would disagree with one patient who wrote that Dr. Johnson is flippant.  She just has a sense of humor - She's funny.  Most women are a little anxious when they go to the OB - Dr. Johnson really puts me at ease - Of course, she is serious when it is warranted - And very knowledgeable.  I think she is great.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
57	0	College age women should consider her very carefully. She is a wonderful woman, but she does not seem to take the questions and concerns of younger women as seriously as she could. Though she is obviously very knowledgeable, her answers seemed a bit flippant at times and she didn't seem to fully value my worth as a patient.  	3	3	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
57	1	I love this woman! She delivered my last child on 1/02/06 and I am seeing her again for this pregnancy. I think she is a top knotch doctor and really cares for her patients. I will use her as long as she is within driving distance.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
57	1	I LOVE Dr. Johnson, she is very down to earth and always so concerned with your problems and willing to help you find a solution. She is great and has an AWESOME office, everyone is SO nice.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
57	1	I am an established patient who tried to make my yearly GYN appt. and was told I could not get in for 6 months. Maybe at some point you need to stop taking new patients. I assumed 2 or 3 months not half a year! I think I'll just use my family doctor. Maybe the front desk should just automatically schedule your next yearly visit before you leave the office.  		3	3	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
57	1	This woman is great. I never had to wait more than a few minutes to get in to see her except for once she was in a C-section. I came into her clinic one Thursday morning and she sent me over to the hospital to induce labor approx. @ 9 am I finally delivered at 10.44 pm. She was not on call that night but she delivered my baby despite the fact she was leaving to go to a LSU game the next morning. After the delivery she helped clean up the room so my family could come in. Then she stayed and visited awhile I think she finally left around midnight or later. I was very pleased with the care she provide before pregnancy, through pregnancy and at delivery. I will defintely be back to see her with my next pregnancy.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
58	1	I love Dr. Jones. As a pregnant woman or just for those yearly exams, a calming voice that lets you know everything is going to be okay is very important. She always gave great care and you could  tell she genuinely cares for her patients. Her staff is also great, her nurse Holly is very personable and would always return phone calls promptly. Kim, at the front desk, would brighten your day with just her voice. I would recommend Dr. Jones to any woman!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
