dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
2	-1	.   	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Medicare
2	1	commentsDR. oldenberg is one of the few caring compassionate doctors left and saved my life when no one else cared. I am furious that the Medical board in AR has to justify there existence by going after doctors like her. Check their license actions and you will find every doc with a license action by the medical board has high patient reviews. Amazing all the good docs that do the job we pay them to do are being suspended while the ones that deserve to have their license removed are not touched. Wonder why that is&#63;&#63;&#63; 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	commentsDr. Oldenberg is a loving, compassionate physician. Her desire is to always provide the best care for her patients. I have known her for many years and know her very well.  She is a Christian and a wonderful doctor. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	 The services that this Doctor and her staff provide to the patiences is excellent. They are very helpful and informed me of what is going on with my body and it's ailments. They have done a wonderful job with their information and concern for the injuries I have and helped me with understanding what I have to do to make myself better.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
2	1	commentsWELL WORTH THE DRIVE AND VISIT BECAUSE OF THE COMPASSION AND HELP GIVEN ME AND MY FAMILY.  EACH VISIT IS VERY INFORMATIVE AND HELPFUL AND FOCUS' ON MY MEDICAL NEED 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	commentsShe is the best Doctor You could ever ask for. I wished People would leave her alone and stop turning her in for things that she is not responsible for all the rumors being said about her. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	commentsDr. Owens is wonderful! Her staff is sorely lacking in people skills. The ones I have dealt with are rude, uncaring and sometimes down right hateful! They are always in a hurry to get rid of you. The nurse that handles calling in the rx's is the worst of them all. You practically have to beg to get her help with you. If this office got rid of a few bad apples, it could be a stellar practice. 	1	3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	 I find him knowledgeable and professional, and he successfully took on a problem--gum erosion--that my last dentist could not resolve because of a lack of knowledge.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Delta Dental
18	1	 Dr.Osborne is amazing!He always makes you comfortable &amp; never hurries. Staff is excellent. Very curtious and patient.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	-1	commentsShe is very rude and does not listen, you would be better off going to a pharmacy and giving them your symptoms and hoping something over the counter would help you until you found a REAL Dr. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
27	-1	 Seems to be very unwilling to entertain new or emerging ideas. Is very threatened by patients who seem to know anything at all about medicine/disease.  	3	3	2	2	Insurance:Veterans Administration
28	1	commentsDr. Owen is awesome! He is always on time and most of the time early.  He has done braces for two of my kids and will probably have to do the third too. His office is super kid friendly and he makes the kids feel comfortable.  I would never think about going anywhere else! Paid/Co-pay:$1500	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	comments 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	 What's with the negative review&#63; I was little hesitant at first due to the older posts, but by a friend said Dr Owings was great so I gave it a try. The visit length was about the right length. I felt like he was very competent and confident in prescribing treatment. My previous doctor was unwilling to try any medication. Dr. Owings got me a plan and I finally feel that my concerns are being addressed. I'm four months out from my last vist and I think I am really improving.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	1	commentshe is very helpful and quick to suggest treatment options. Non judgemental atmosphere. I had a great experience. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	 Professional and easy to work with. I've been going to Dr. Owings for 3 years and have had a satisfactory time.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
31	-1	 Incredibly bad psychiatrist. As little as he cares for his patients, I'm surprised he has a practice.  	1	2	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	-1	 Avoid this doctor at all costs. Not only will you enjoy his silent presence, but you will also enjoy his total lack of interest in your condition. After he drugs you and pushes ECT (if you're at Bridgeway), you'll continue to enjoy this hack's complete lack of interest in your pathology. Horrible, horrible psychiatrist. Should consider another line of work.  	1	3	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	-1	 Seemed to keep me drugged out.  Didn't seem to listen to my concerns.  I changed doctors in the same clinic - Dr. Duong Nguyen and am very happy with him.  He has helped me a lot.  	2	2	1	1	Insurance:United Healthcare
31	-1	commentsPoor excuse for a doctor.  Abusive nursing staff at Little Baptist Psychiatric Unit.  I would never recommend this so called physician nor Baptist Hospital.  My dogs vet is a better doctor. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
31	-1	comments 	1	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	 The doctors at this clinic are amazing!  They take their time and genuinely care for you and your health.  They helped me with my complaint in no time at all.  I have recommended several of my family, friends, and co-workers to go here.  I have had great results and would expect nothing less for any of their other patients.   If you are looking for quality this is it! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
41	1	 Dr. Olsen is sensible, smart, and has no god complex like so many doctors. He actually listens to his patients and is flexible in approaching treatments.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
41	1	 Very good manner, listens well and gives you time so as to understand issues. Easy to confer with and responds timley to request.  Just a great Doctor! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
41	1	commentsI have seen Dr. Olsen since 1985, I trust him. He always gives me the time I need. Listens and is willing to work with me. I never leave his office feeling like I have not had my questions answered, rushed or just plain run through like cattle. 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	commentsI find Dr. Olsen to be knowledgable in his field. He has helped me keep my high cholesterol in check and my Prediabetes under control. 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	commentsHe thinks out of the standard MD box.  He quickly recognized signs of hypothyroidism, and has begun treating me for it.  I feel alive again!  My gynec. has for YEARS seen the same symptoms and followed MD protocol by advising I take birth control pills and antidepressants.  Dr. Olsen utilizes his MD knowledge, as well as his naturopathic/wholistic philosophy and training. 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
41	-1	commentsI went to see him because I was having numbness. He checked my heartbeat, my eyes, and my ears and told me it was probably anxiety. 	1	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	 Dr. Orsini is a very knowledgeable doctor. He listens and takes quite a bit of interest in his patients. (He even looked up my last name on his phone out of curiosity.) He listens to your concerns and actually takes them seriously, rather than dismissing them immediately. He is willing to take the time to explain things in detail. His staff members are fantastic and are also willing to spend time to discuss things with you. I would recommend Dr. Orsini.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$25
43	1	comments 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
46	0	commentsMediocre. Cookie cutter approach. 	2	3	3	3	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	comments 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
49	-1	commentsMoney first, then patient care.  At first great, but after 9 years you are just a # in his bank account.  Do not give Office a credit/debit card over the phone.   They will store and use without your authorization when they want. 	2	4	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
49	-1	 This ****put me in the hospital for seven days, I was admited via ER with septicimia after a botched root canal. Refused to return phone calls, until I was home 2wks later wondering what I wanted, at which time I informed them just your attorneys name and address. Stay far far away.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Delta DentalPaid/Co-pay:$84
49	1	commentsDR HAS GREAT CHAIRSIDE MANNER AND REALLY SEEMS TO CARE ABOUT HIS PATIENTS. HAS A GREAT STAFF. BEAUTIFUL OFFICE THAT IS VERY CLEAN. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
51	1	 This is a great doctor.  She took care of all my needs and went above and beyond for me.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
51	1	 She the ob/gyn I have ever had. I wish she and her staff were still in St Louis  MO. I miss you Attelia Hill-Johnson. May god be with you and always watch over you where ever you go.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
54	1	 Nurse is rude. Appointments take forever. Usually dont get seen untill over an hour past appointment time. But Dr Olumofin is worth the wait. He is an excellent doctor. He takes time with his patients and usually makes referrals as needed. He has a good bedside manner.  He is friendly and curteous and makes his patients feel comfortable.  	1	1	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
54	1	comments 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	 DR. O'CONNELL TREATS OUR WHOLE FAMILY. HE IS KNOWLEDGABLE AND VERY HELPFUL. HE SPENDS TIME EXPLAINING THINGS TO US AND IS ALWAYS PLEASANT. IF YOU HAVE A PROBLEM WITH SOMETHING, HE'S ALWAYS WILLING TO LISTEN. I'VE NEVER SEEN THE ARROGANT OR RUDE SIDE PEOPLE HAVE DESCRIBED ON HERE. NEVER. THERE'S ONE OFFICE STAFF MEMBER THAT IS VERY RUDE AND I CAN SEE HER SAYING THE THINGS THAT SUPPOSEDLY WERE SAID, BUT NOT DR. &quot;O&quot;. I HAVE RECCOMMENDED HIM TO SEVERAL PEOPLE.  	2	4	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
56	-1	 my mother died of lung cancer he could have caught it but didnot and she was admited to hopital under his care but did not catch it. when she was ill i wanted her to be seen in office front desk person informed me rudely if u feel she is this ill take her to emergency room.  stay clear of him and his cronies he is in Practice&#63; with 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
56	1	 Great doctor. Knowledgeable and has a great attitude. Fun and easy to get along with. Knows his stuff.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
56	1	 Dr. O'Connell is a great family practice doctor.  I've seen him several times and he always spends a lot of time with me and does a great job of explaining whatever care he is prescribing.  I often recommend Dr. O'Connell.  I read some of the negative comments and I can't believe it's the same Doctor... believe me when I tell you that Dr. Joe O'Conell in Fayetteville, AR along with his staff are about as squared away as it gets.  They are always prompt, I have never waited more than 30 minutes in the office and have never waited more than a day for an apointment...I've gotten in on the same day a number of times.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
56	1	 I have been a patient of Dr. O'Connell's for 5 years now.  I have rarely had to wait for more than 30 minutes to see him.  If he does not have an appointment available the same day, I have always been able to get in the next day.  His nurse has never taken more than half a day to call back when I leave a message.  If he has medication samples, he will always give them if he knows you need help.  He is always generous with his time, never rushing through the appointment.  The negative comments I read about him on this website just do not sound like the Dr O'Connell I know.   I would recommend him to anyone! 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
56	-1	 I saw Dr. O'Connell twice. The first time he was arrogant and oddly vulgar, but he was able to get me in quickly and he seemed confident in his knowledge of my problem. He lackadaisically prescribed me a medication without telling me its extreme possible sideeffects (most likely because he didn't know about them) and after a couple of days on the medication I became ill. So I went in to see him for the second time, he was extremely rude and even had the gull to accuse me of using the medication for &quot;recreational&quot; purposes. As it turns out, the drug he gave me had many severe side effects which he never mentioned and if I had known, I would have never taken it.  I would definitely NOT recommend him 	2	4	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
56	1	 Dr. O'Connell has been a tremendous help to myself and my family through very difficult times.  I highly recommend him.  He spends time with his patients and is a very good listener. (and he's cute! :) I feel lucky to have him as my physician.  	5	3	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
56	-1	commentsShowed up 5 minutes late to the appt. due to traffic, and although took a day off work, would not see me and proceeded to treat me very rudely. I would never recommend using this office. 		1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	 This is a very good doctor, he is very knowledgable and a good person, I first met him when I was in the hospital, and he was very kind to me and he did his job, we still use him and would highly recommend him to anyone, he is very friendly and knowledgable in his field. he would be my second choice of doctor, but he has no openings, he is full up and it is very hard to get in to see him. they are a very busy clinic.  		5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
59	1	 There are not words enough to praise Dr. O'neal. From the moment I walked in the door until I walked out, I was treated very well. The office staff were courteous and friendly. Dr. O'neal was extremely concerned and helpful. I had been trying unsuccessfully for 2 years to find an orthopedic surgeon to examine the source of pain in my knee replacement. My mobility has been severely limited during this time. My previous doctor would do nothing to help. My dissatisfaction with him led me to the excellent doctor I found in Heather O'neal. Within the first week of being her patient, I had an appointment with an orthopedic surgeon. She had to make a lot of calls herself and plead my case to several doctors. She called me herself to keep me informed of failures and best of all, success. Dr. O'neal recognized my medical need immediately and found the appropriate help. I am now working with an orthopedic surgeon. I don't think I'd be able to walk at all within a year if not for Dr. O'neal.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:AARP
70	1	comments 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
74	0	 Dr. O'dell's staff is friendly, personable, knowledgeable and professional. He, however, has poor chairside manner. I've been in twice and he's never even said &quot;hi.&quot; I don't feel like an important patient to him, and that's a bit unnerving for someone who dislikes having dental work in the first place. I had a cavity filled recently and Dr. O'dell nicked my tongue a couple times with the drill and kept telling me that my tongue was in his way. It was numb and I couldn't control where it went! Finally he put a piece of plastic in my mouth to protect my tongue, but it hurts like hell several days after the fact. That was an avoidable mistake that I am not pleased with. He does good work, but I've seen other dentists who were just as skilled and who treated me like a person. I sure hope he's warmer to his staff than he is to his patients.  	5	3	1	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
76	1	 He is very helpful. He has also been the only neurologist that was able to make my migraines manageable and allow me to live a normal life again.  	2	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$35
76	1	commentsDr.oberlander has been my doctor for over 5 years.  He is a very compassionate doctor, he's a listener, and takes time with his patients. Most doctors rush in and out so fast you forget to ask the questions you came to ask. He's not like that, he is actually concerned for your well being. I would refer and have referred other people to him without hesitation. I hope this helps someone, because he has helped me. 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
76	1	 very knowledgeable, dr.  oberlander has been my doctor for about ten years 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNAPaid/Co-pay:$25
76	1	 He is a good knowledgable doctor. It is a small clinic with a staff that is very efficient, and helpful.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
91	1	 My daughter had a horrible experience with another dentist so we switched to Oliver.  He is such a wonderful dentist.  My daughter can now go back alone and is completely comfortable.  He interacts with them so they aren't afraid.  My daughter brought a little stuffed pony and he pretended to look at its teeth and talked to it a little so she wouldn't be a afraid.   Her smile is beautiful because of Pediatric Dentistry!!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
98	1	commentsBest medical care  you can ask for!! Best doctor and care in the world if you are sick run from hot springs to little rock or you will regret it! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
98	1	commentsDr. Ozdemir and his team at UAMS performed an emergency 5-vessel by-pass on me Christmas Eve of 2000. The team had just finished emergency surgery on a airplane passenger who had had a heart attack on a plane that did an emergency landing in Little Rock. Although my surgery took them late into the night they performed excellently. I am glad they were available when I needed them. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
98	1	comments 	4	2	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
