dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
10	1	 I LOVE Dr. Hannon. He is such a caring me. He really cares about you as a person, not just another patient. His bedside manner is warm, caring, and helpful. He is like a warm teddy bear. If he doesn't know the answer to something, he will get it. He is a true patient's advocate as well. One day when I have children I want him to be their doctor as well. Also, this page says he is in Hot Springs but now he is in Rogers at Tuscany square by Walmart, Starbucks, Mad Pizza, and Chick-Fil-A.  	5	2	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
13	-1	 Dr. Hagaman was my doctor with my first pregnancy and first birth.  During my pregnancy, he listened and smiled but was never very friendly.  I went into labor and was in labor for 36 hours and pushed for about 2 hours when he finally arrived.  He walked in and I immediately gave up and asked for a c-section.  He said ok and scheduled it for after lunch... but under the protest of my mother they went ahead with the c-section instead of waiting.  My daughter was so far into the birth canal that when they went to pull her out my uterus ripped and had to be repaired. Looking back now, I can't believe he was going to put it off til after lunch (they were have a special Christmas lunch that day at the hospital).  Afterwards for the follow-up baby visits he just seemd more bothered than anything about seeing my baby.  He soon stopped seeing babies altogether and switched to his weight-loss clinic.  Guess his heart wasn't in it anymore.   But I got switched to the best doctor - Dr Lawrence!! 	5	2	1	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
13	-1	 Does not act as if he really cares. Spends more time looking at computer and inputting information than with patient.  I think he does not really listen to patient. Right now he really is pushing his weight loss clinic business. I think it is rare now a days to find a doctor that is really good with their patients.  	2	3	1	1	Insurance:MedicarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
13	-1	.   	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-CalPaid/Co-pay:N/A
13	0	 New computer systems installed.  Computer seemed to receive more attention by the nurse and Dr. Hagaman than the patient.  Little eye contact because they are too busy inputting information in the computer.  Not my idea of good service.  	2	4	3	2	Insurance:MedicarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
13	-1	 Pushed pit for baby delivery on teenage patient, my niece. Pain was terrible. I think he thought to &quot;teach her a lesson&quot;. compassion  zero with us.  	4	2	1	1	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-CalPaid/Co-pay:N/A
13	-1	commentsI went to this so called doctor in 1997, suffering from terrible depression and blood sugar problems. He told me the depression was all in my head and all I needed was to get a job. I wanted to work, and most of all, I wanted my life. He almost caused me to lose mine. A friend helped me through the depression and I regained employment, but it had not been for him I am sure I would not be here today. He is ONLY a doctor if you are well and does not seem to like to deal with anything that actually needs a physician. Do not go to him if you want to get well. 		1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
13	-1	 This so-called Dr. almost cause me to die in 2000. I had Esophigeal Varacise and 18 ruptured all at one time. I was throwing up massive ammounts of blood. After two days in the Baxter Regional Hospital, he released me saying I had a urinary tract infection and gave me a script for some anti biotics and sent me home. He said I had torn a little of my stomach lining due to dry heaves and had a little bleed ( I was throwing up clots)Two days after his releasing me, I began throwing up even more blood and I ended up in ICU to be told I was dying and nothing could be done. I moved to Oklahoma and found a good Dr. there and within 7 months I had a liver transplant. He made it very obvious that he doesn't care one bit about his patients. My brother was told by him that there was nothing wrong with his heart, after complaining of chest pains for 2 yrs. After which, he had a heart attack and ended up having a Quadruple by-pass done.Whenever you'd complain,&quot;it's all in your head. &quot; 		2	1	1	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-CalPaid/Co-pay:$5000
13	-1	commentsI felt like I was the only person in the room. I felt like he just wanted me out of there. He did a pelvic exam, & didn't even check my ovaries. He dismissed my concerns, & seemed annoyed that i had a list of questions. He actually peeked at my list twice... to see if i was almost done&#63; I don't know. After I left, I felt like I still need a check up. I do not recommend this guy at all. 		2	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	 Dr. and staff were great.  I was treated very respectful and felt like they were all looking out for my best interests.  There was a great christian environment and they played christian music in the office.   A place for your entire family! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
22	1	.  Very helpful 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$150
36	-1	 I went there with blood tests, ultrasounds, and a symptom list they sent me to fill out. She didn't look at any of it really. Told me my &quot;little aches and pains&quot; didn't mean anything and that she couldn't run any tests without knowing what she was looking for.  	2	3	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
37	1	 Always great service and treatment.  The wait can be  lengthy at times but it is because of his popularity 	5	3	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$25
37	1	commentsWonderful dr. But way too busy and always extremely late 	4	1	3	4	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	commentsIt is very frustrating when you call the office and never speak with a live person, and all you get is a voice activated answering service. I have waited 2 days after leaving a message for someone to return my call....Just about ready to give up : ( 	1	5	4	3	Insurance:Unknown
38	-1	 Horrible nightmare. Screamed at me, refuse to treat me based on an ER treatment a Doctor did that was different from him.  Refuse to referr me over to a Cardiologist. Called me a liar. Try to talk to him, just keep telling me how I did not mind him.  	4	4	1	1	Insurance:N/APaid/Co-pay:$80
39	1	 Dr. Haisten was our doctor when she was practicing in Arizona. I would recommend her without reservation. She took care of our family with compassion, skill and expertise. Dr. Haisten would call to check on our condition between visits if she thought it was necessary. She always patiently explained test, results, and what she thought we should do at home.   When she relocated to Arkansas we were heartbroken and have yet to find the quality healthcare she provided.  This doctor is one in a million! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
46	1	 I was sent to Dr Hagans by the mammography clinic for suspicious spots on my mammogram. Now, obviously I was happy it was not cancer, but what impressed me here was the time he took to show me the difference between my films and cancerous films, and to reassure me that things were ok. He explained everything to me and was so very kind.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
46	1	 A couple of years ago I was diagnosed with breast cancer and had to have a double mastectomy. Dr. Hagans and his staff were very knowledgeable, compasionate and caring when he talked to my family and I, we knew we could handle anything that was ahead of us. He is also a christian man, and it never hurts to have a few extra prayers going your way.  The surgery went well and I am now a cancer survivor!! He knows what he is doing and and cannot say enough good things about him and his staff! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:MedicarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
46	1	 I thank God that he led me to Dr.  Hagans!  Being diagnosed with breast cancer is a tramatic experience, and he made the journey thr so much easier!  He will actually pray for you! There are not many Dr's out there that will do that!  It meant everything to me and my family!  Such an awesome and gifted Dr!  God bless him and his staff! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
46	1	 Words can never express how wonderful this doctor is.  I could not have gone through this cancer without his incredible skills. This is his calling in life and all breast cancer patients should be so lucky as to have a doctor like him.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:TricarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
46	1	 Dr. Hagans is a great physican and such a friendly man that makes you feel special and important. He did my 2nd mastectomy and did a super job!! If I had another reason to have another surgery.. he would be my choice of a Surgeon! Sweet guy!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:MedicarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
46	1	 I have never had to wait more than 15 minutes in the waiting room until I was called back to see the doctor. Even then, he had to wait on me to get prepared.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
46	1	 I love this man!!!!  He showed me what my breasts looked like through my mammogram and informed me that the stage 1 cancer I thought I had was actually a stage 2 problem and advised me and my husband of the necessary treatment to fight this disease and live a cancer free life!  9 years later, I credit Dr. Hagans for getting me on the right path to recovery.  With his and Dr. Lawrence Mendelsohn's help, I am proud to be called a SURVIVOR! I refer them both to everyone going through this life altering event.  	4	4	4	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
46	1	 Whew, I didn't have cancer after all. If Dr. Hagans hadn't taken the time to show me my films and compare them other women's films who did have cancer, I might still be living in fear of the worst. He did the most thorough exam I have ever had and totally put my mind at ease. You can be sure I'll go back to him for any future concerns.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
46	1	 He is amazing. I have never had a doctor to be as thorough as he is and still be on time, all the time. He prayed with me before both of my surgeries and is always helpful, kind, and peace giving in his patient care. Excellent bedside manner. I would recommend him to anyone.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-CalPaid/Co-pay:N/A
46	1	commentsExcellent Doctor!!!!! I highly recommend him! He has operated on me two times so far and did a wonderful job. Answers questions and truely cares for you. He is a christian and prays with you before surgery. He calls you at home and checks on you. He even gives you his home phone number if you have questions. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	 Excellent doctor who answers your questions and pays attention to your concerns. He genuinely cares for his patients.  		5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNAPaid/Co-pay:N/A
46	1	 Everything happened in a whirlwind and within an 8 day period from meeting me, he performed two surgeries. I'm trusting him with my life and I thank God someone knew how wonderful he is and referred him to me. Incredible doctor and office.  I'd use him for everything if I could! 		5	5	5	Insurance:TricarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
46	1	 Very patient, wonderful Christian, even prayed with me before surgery and anytime I asked him. All his office staff was very helpful and as kind as could be. I highly reccomend this Dr.  he is a SAINT! 		5	5	5	Insurance:MedicarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
46	1	 You just can't beat his office. They have been so helpful to me and my family.  		5	5	5	Insurance:N/APaid/Co-pay:$10000
46	1	commentsDr Hagans is a breast surgeon and is the very best. I rated helpfulness down because his office staff is unfriendly and hard to deal with at times. 		5	3	5	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	 Wonderful Doctor and Staff.  Took time to discuss everything.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:MedicarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
49	1	commentsOne of the best I have ever consulted. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	commentsshe had my very best interests only.  did everything to make me confortable..  was right there when she woke me up.. just a wonderful person who happens to be a physician. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	 Dr Haraway is the best I had him for my twins girls . I was so nervous I am high risk so I was glad to find a doctor like him. My twins went FULL TERM. I had  C-section and my scar you can not even tell its there. Even better my girls came home with me when I was sent home after only two days. He was so helpful in explaining what I needed to do to help in keeping my girls in so that they could go full term, Jennifer the nurse is very sweet and always had a smile and helpful advice. I can not say enough great things aboout Dr Haraway. Thanks to him I had two heathly twin girls. Dr Haraway is the best around. He will always explain things to you so that you can understand and is always looking out for the best needs of you and your babies. If you are looking for a doctor that care and has knowledge go to Dr Haraway.  HE IS THE BEST! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
69	1	 Dr. Haraway has been my OB/GYN since I was 18. Now that I'm expecting 8 years later, I'm glad I'm still with him. Not only is he approachable, but he's very informative. He always lets me know to expect and why it is being done. I think the longest I've had to wait to see him, this includes the waiting room, was 30 minutes. I highly recommend him.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
69	1	 Dr. Haraway is extremely knowledgeable and also helped me with my infertility problems.  Once he performed the surgery, I was able to have children within three months.  I would highly recommend him.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
69	1	commentsMy husband and I suffered through five years of infertility until we were lucky enough to come across Dr. Haraway. With his help, we were able to conceive after less than a year. It's hard to believe that our daughter is now almost seven years old! We would highly recommend Dr. Haraway to anyone who is dealing with infertility issues, because he is a very caring doctor who genuinely cares about his patients. 		4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
77	1	 Dr. Handloser was a great doctor.  She was on time, caring and did a great job making my children feel as ease, when needing injections.  I highly recommend this doctor.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
77	1	 was hesitent to take my daughter to see Dr. Handloser after reading some of the reviews. Well I guess everyone who has something negative to say about her are druggies and are mad because she probably wouldn't write them their prescription for drugs. This doctor was awesome! I saw her in lonoke and she was very informative and was great with my daughter. She even removed a splinter out of child's hand, without even a blink of an eye or complaining like so many other doctors do. She also did that herself and didnt get a nurse or someone else to do it. This doctor is well recommended and when my child needs to see a doctor for now on, I will definatly make sure she sees Dr. Handloser on Wednesdays or Fridays in Lonoke. Don't believe everyone'e opinion, because most people who write negative things about people are usually upset they didnt get something they were hoping for. She also, has a great bedside manner and explains everything someone needs to know.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-CalPaid/Co-pay:N/A
77	0	commentsI went to this clinic for their weight program. I had to pay $160.00 up front for the first visit & then $50.00 every month. I have only had 1 follow up appointment since the initail visit and then they called 2 days before my 3rd appoint that was to be on 10/7/09 & cancelled said they would send a letter out & then you could make a new appointment. This however was false because the letter I received said that they were doing away with their weight program. On my first appointment I never even met the doctor. I seen the nurse practioner. On my second and last appointment I seen a nurse! I was supposed to see a dietian which never happened although I did pay for that on my intial payment. Please be careful to not be fooled by sketchy people! I feel like I should be refunded for lack of service! 	3	2	3	3	Insurance:Unknown
77	-1	 I think that she's the dr.nor her manager/nurse are truthful or professional. Her office mailed my bloodwork to me and wrote on the paper OK. No phone call.I believe they get over on the insurance money. She allowed her nurse to be very unprofessional on the phone, and said it was me, and didnt hear anything I said. I would not recommend this dr. to my dog! Her nurse has a very nasty attitude, She doesnt deserve to be called a manager/nurse unless someone is desperate for someone w/ any a degree. I would rather have someone w/ no degree but is nice to ALL my patients.  Most of my conversation was recorded my insurance provider and the conversation to me was very rude and nasty. God always blesses me and Karma always comes back.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
77	-1	commentslousy doc 	1	5	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	commentsI have been a patient since the beginning of my pregnancy (Dr.Hanson confirmed the pregnancy on an US). He is a wonderful doctor, very knowledgeable and experienced. His stuff is helpful, they worked with me faxing stuff over for him to sign and faxing documents back to me so I don't have to go to the office, which is wonderful. I feel very comfortable asking him questions, he always has the answers to my questions (but thank God, I've had a very uneventful pregnancy). I highly recommend Dr.Hanson, so far I've had a great experience. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	commentshe was a great doctor, had lots of problems with pregnancy an he made sure the baby would be ok an he said to have the hospital call him to make sure he delived the baby .. baby was 6 weeks early an got to go home 2 days later! GREAT DOCTOR!!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	 Dr. Hannah is a wonderful doctor. He performed a D&C; and a year later delivered my second baby.  It is true he is kind, understanding and makes you feel like you are the most important patient he has :) 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
88	1	 Dr. Hannah is the best doc I have ever been to. I am attempting a VBAC and he has been nothing less of completely supportive. I gave him a 3 for being on time because I usually have to wait a while to see him but only because he runs back and forth to the hospital to deliver babies. Can't complain there... I trust him and recommend him to others any chance that I get. EXCELLENT doctor - his type is hard to come by.  	5	3	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
88	1	 Dr. Hannah is the most Personable doctor I have ever met!!!  He and his Nurse Wendy are very great and make you feel wonderful!!!  He has the best bed side manners too!!!!  I would highly recommend him to everyone!!!  Thanks for the wonderful care to Dr.  Hannah and his Nurse Wendy!!!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$25
88	1	 Dr. Hannah is a wonderful doctor with a great bedside manner.  He has been my gynecologist for about 6 years and has always been kind and considerate.  He performed a surgery on me that should've been routine until he got inside and found more serious issues that had to be taken care of.  The surgery was successful with no complications. I can recommend him with absolutely no hesitation.  	3	3	3	4	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
88	1	.  he was really great new what he was doing concerned even about baby after 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-CalPaid/Co-pay:N/A
88	1	 Highly recommended! Dr. Hannah is a very kind doctor with a calm, sensitive bedside manner. He always takes the time to answer all questions patiently, and thoroughly. He delivered my first child with no complications.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
88	1	commentsDr. Hannah will take the time to listen and makes you feel like you are the most important patient he has. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
90	1	commentsSuper doctor and staff!  Very knowledgeable, helpful and know their business! 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
90	1	.  Excellent doctor and staff!  Would recommend him to anyone who wants quality eye care! 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
91	0	 Dr. Hanby did a total knee replacement on me last year in April. I went to him before he was to send me back to work and told him I thought there was something wrong and asked him if he would to a scat scan or something to see if something was wrong. He refused, told me it was all in  my head and I did not know what pain was.(I have had 7 children and broke my leg 10 years ago) and the only reason I was there was a drug addict and just looking for pain pills. I went back to work and also contacted another doctor. I went to Dr. Arnold. After extensive testing he had decided he had to open me up again and what he found was the kneee that was replaced fell off. I worked for 6 months like that with a job where I walked almost all day. I now have steel rods in my legs onb both sides so Dr. Arnold had a way to replace another knee. My life has changed for the worse, I have had to retire because working is not able right now. I just want to warn people of this man. And I do have a witness.  	4	3	1	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
96	1	 Nice man. Great for whole family.  	4	2	4	4	Insurance:N/APaid/Co-pay:$105
