dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	 My husband, a previous stroke patient, was having neurological symptoms and had been going to Dr. Tucker for a number of years.  When the symptoms changed became more pronounced and Dr. Tucker failed to acknowledge the change our family Doctor recommended that we go to Dr. Karpitskiy.  This was the best Doctor move that we have ever made.  As my husband's symptoms indicated the possibility of the dreaded Alzheimer's diseases Dr. Karpitskiy screened for this disease.  He was astute enough to recognizes that it also could be Normal Pressure Hydrocephalus, which is frequently diagnosed as Alzheimer's.  It did turn out to be NPH.  This is a treatable disease and after surgery my husband is able to walk and function fairly normally again.  Had Dr. Tucker acted earlier my husbands recovery could have been more remarkable.  Thank you Dr. Karpitskiy for looking beyond the obvious.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
4	1	 Dr. Kaplan has been my Dermatologist since 2009 and he is excellent. He has performed basal cell surgury on me as well as follow up yearly check-ups. He is knowledgeable, cordial and a very good listener.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
18	1	commentsGreat physician, explains everything and very knowlegible. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	commentsDr. Kellar is a great doctor. He is extremely knowledgeable and personable. I had a severe case of pnuemonia with a hospital stay but it took Dr. Kellar's aftercare to get me through it and on the mend. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	 Dr. Kellar is an extremely knowledgeable doctor.  He answers any and all questions and his bedside manner is wonderful.  He is a great doctor.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	1	 Excellent knowledge. Listens and is up to date. He was my 3rd opinion. Solved several problems for me. Very available and easy to reach also.  	5	3	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	1	 Intelligent and helpful,solved my diagnostic dilemna in one visit.  	3	2	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
30	1	 Saw me as a new patient without an appt because it was Friday and knew I was in pain. Very helpful, great staff.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
40	1	 I had prostate cancer. Dr. Kamel did robotic surgery. I was out of hospital in 2 days. Very caring, would highly recommend Dr. Kamel. He has monitored me every 3 months for a year and no cancer.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
41	1	commentsListened to the mother.  Was nice to special needs boy.  Asked follow up questions. Answered concerns. Nice manner. 	3	3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	 I have been with Dr Kahn for a long time.  I first discoverd Shaun Kahn when he opened the clinic in Green Forest. I have been to many chiropratics and he is the best, none better!  I do currently see Anna and there are things I like better about both.  I would recommend the Dr's to anyone.  They are ususlly on time,  kind, curteous, and knowledgeable.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
48	-1	commentsI was very displeased and will not go back. I made an appointment to see her, and when I got to the appointment, she was to busy to see me and they put me over to her husbands schedule who is also a chiropractor, I was in so much neck pain I went ahead and let him treat me, which was a mistake and a waste of time and my money.I don't recommend either of them. I did not receive and pain relief at all!!!!! 	1	1	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	commentsDr Anna is very personable, caring and reasonable. I have had to wait over 30-minutes to see doctor on 2-3 occasions due to scheduling issues. 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
50	-1	 Would recommend only for very basic neurological problems.  Only knows how to run EMG's.  If she doesn't see anything on EMG, she is pretty much lost on how to diagnose anything major.  	2	3	3	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$30
50	1	 Treats my son. Is doing a wonderful job of keeping herself informed of info for his condition. Very knowledgable.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
50	1	 very smart, helped me a lot. shows concern, very through.  		5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
51	-1	commentsDr Kane was quick to give me a hysterctomy, that for which I am thankful. I had a serious complication due to his lack of skill asa surgeon which required repair work by another doctor. When I went to him after my surgery in severe pain , he examined me and cursed due to his frustration. I asked what was wrong adn he told me not to worry about it and just increased my pain meds. I went to another doctor who had to repair the mess he left in my vagina. He sttiched me so poorly that the pertinium (Nerves) were left exsposed! Ouch. He should leave the surgeries to the more skilled in his field. His nurse Beth was the only thing good he had going for him! 	5	5	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
51	1	 Dr.Kane Is the best doctor I have ever had. He deleverd both of my last two children,I wish that he was still in pratice in arkansas so that he could be my doctor.I trust him with my life.He is a GREAT Doctor.And I loved his nurses and Ms. Beth! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
51	0	commentsDoesn't listen very well. Hear's only what he wants. Same with his nurses. They are awful on due dates. Wouldn't recommend 		4	2	3	Insurance:Unknown
51	1	commentsHe was very gentle with me and very understanding...he was slways helpful even during my miscarriage...his nurse is the best! 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	commentsNice with autistic son. 	4	4	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	 She has been our pediatrician for some time and is alway very helpful and knowledgable. Always goes beyond the current issue or illness to explore the childs overall wellbeing.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
73	-1	commentsShe missed RSV in our 4 month old. We got a second opinion the next day and they sent us directly to children's ER. Avoid her if at all possible. 	5	3	2	1	Insurance:Unknown
73	0	.  she is very condescending does not work with you and it is her way and no way else and no other options are available 	5	2	1	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
74	1	commentsI would recommend Dr. Kelly to any of my family members.  He is excellent with Children. 	4	4	4	4	Insurance:Unknown
78	0	commentsDr Kelly is very talented, but has absolutely no regard for his patients.  We have endured three hour waits for appointments after arriving on time.  He blamed my wife for her not progressing after he did surgery on her hand.  I have seen patients walk out of the clinic after waiting several hours without getting to see the doctor.  He is quite capable, but has no rapport at all with patients, and does not wait around for questions.  No people skills at all. 	3	1	1	5	Insurance:Unknown
85	-1	commentsDon't be quick to trust Dr. Kaplan. Make sure you get a second or even third opinion. He was quick to diagnose me without seeing the results of testing. When the results came up he was again quick to diagnose and mentioned he was 90% sure of the diagnosis. Then as time went by he was 80% of the diagnosis. Then after a few months of making believe in his diagnosis he told me to get a second opinion since he was not sure of his initial diagnosis and the symptoms I was displaying. This is after he put me on medication and let me trust him. I went and saw two specialists, one of which he recommended and they told me that I was misdiagnosed by him. 	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	 very attentive, i was suprised at how much time he took with me at my appointments. he was very knowledeable about my condition and was extremely helpful. would and have recommended him to others.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
85	1	 Dr. Kaplan helped my family diagnose my father's NPH.  He followed up, even coming to the hospital to see my father after the initial consultation at his office.  I thought he was knowledgable and helped us take the next step needed.  I would highly recommend him.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
85	-1	commentsI am not impressed with him. He just doesn't seem to give any follow up advice. 	4	1	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
85	-1	commentsawful! Would not even take x-rays when I asked him to, after diagnosis, did not even offer any treatment options or further advise. I feel Dr. kalan is not experienced or professional enough to take care of animals much less call himself a Neurologist! 	4	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
95	1	 Cant believe the experience you just described. He has always been great with my care. He is thorough, kind, and funny.  What more can you ask&#63; 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
95	-1	commentsI hate this man! During my pregnancy, he disregarded any questions I had &amp; told me to ask the nurses. Nurses stated my questions needed to be handle by doc, questions couldn't be answered by them. I asked him at every appt about my weight he said weight was perfect.  Then he was late to my delivery. The nurses called him right when I got to 10cm &amp; he told them he had 5 more patients &amp; I could wait. Then they called when my baby was crowning &amp; he said he'll be there when he gets there. He finally showed up and was cussed out by the nurses for not showing up when they said to &amp; barely made it to deliver my baby. Day after, he arrives for a check-up &amp; said you &quot;you got too fat &amp; I'm putting you on a diabetes diet the next you get pregnant&quot; that was some aweful bedside manners. You don't say that to an emotional &amp; hormonal new mommy or anyone for that matter! 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
