dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
4	1	 Not your Average. But much better than the rest. His clinic is very advanced in trying to utilize your own MD along with their care to help the total you. Him & his Partner are equipt with digital motion x-ray and many other extras to make your pain less and fast.  		5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$2000
11	1	 I would definitely recommend Dr. Ward.  He is a great doctor and goes above and beyond for us.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
11	1	 Dr Ward was very personable, supportive, skilled,  and kind during my pregnancy and resulting c-section.   I would recommend him! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
11	0	 This dr. is totally great. He explains everything and is extremely personal and makes an uncomfortble situation completly professional in comprehensive terms. Great to have this care w/out feeling weirded out about actually talking about stuff.  	5	5	5	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	1	 I really like Dr. Ward. He makes me feel comfortable and never rushes me. He is very personable and understanding.  The only thing I would change is better following up and better returning of phone calls! Great doctor! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
11	1	 I really am thankful to have found Dr Ward. He never rushed me during a visit. He cared! I just had my hystorectomy 6Sept, and the hospital staff was caring and so helpful! I really cant thank them enough for being so kind.  I would recomend n will recommend him to my family n friends!!! Thank U Dr Ward!!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
17	1	commentsVery caring doctor, friendly staff. Dr. Waldrip gives you the time your visit  needs. He cares. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
17	-1	commentsI felt like he was mean and rude to me for no good reason. Does not have a good bedside manner at all. 	2	2	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
23	0	commentsOnce I got there and waited for an hour I was told that I could not get test results until I paid $100. I was not asked for any copay at my first visit. I was then told that I could reschedule for a month away. Then I was given a whole different story. I was told that I could call back later and talk to a nurse and get my results. Then the receptionist came back and said my results were not in.  I then called back later and asked when my results would be in and was told that they were there the whole time but that they had my name wrong. I dont want to get results that the staff are not sure are mine. I am positive that I have met my deductible but was told by staff that I had not. Why was I allowed to see the physician and have an exam and was not asked for a dime but asked for $100 for test results that may or may not be mine&#63; The physician is great but has a horrible staff. I heard the staff was not pleasant. I should have listened. I will not go back there and do not recommend them 	1	2	1	5	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	 While I believe this physician is knowledgable, I have been highly frustrated in my attempt to get timely response of my test results over the phone. Even after repeated phone calls to the office and expressing my displeasure, I still have no result. I can only reach a voicemail to leave a message and then no one returns my call.  It has been over a month! Not happy!! 	4	1	4	4	Insurance:Tricare
23	1	commentsI love my Dr. She is the sweetest Dr. I know, and I don't usually like Dr's at all. The atmosphere at the office is just like being at home. The staff is very polite and friendly. Haven't any problems with my medical claims through insurance or Medicaid at this point. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	commentsHE DID AN EXCELLENT JOB ON CREDIT TOO 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
33	-1	 This man does not care about his patients. He also does not do well when someone stands up to him. No talking back is allowed or it’s the door for you. He kicked me out without any medications to make sure that I did not have to go through withdrawal. Now I’m sick as a dog but I will do my best to protect people from his evil ways. If you’re looking for a person who is more interested in your insurance or check book money, he’s your guy. Just don’t say you weren’t warned when he drops you because you challenge his ego.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
39	-1	.  This doctor treated me for RSD with the incorrect meds and procedures 	1	5	1	1	Insurance:Humana
39	-1	 This doctor has severe mental problems that make it hard for him to correctly diagnose anyone.  Stay away from this doctor!!! 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$14000
43	-1	 Avoid this place at all cost, 'Siloam Smiles' whatever that wanna be just avoid it.  	1	1	2	2	Insurance:Delta Dental
43	-1	commentsWalters is very inappropriate. He does not like kids and is not gentle or kind to them. My daughter was 3 the first time she went to him and they wanted me to send her back alone. This is an INSANE world we live in, how DARE you ask me to send my child back alone! She had never been to the dentist so had no idea what to do and he would get irritated and be rough with her if she didn't hold her head right or keep her mouth open wide enough.They called me later to set up another appointment and I told them my complaints. The lady on the phone said it was their policy to have the parents sit in the waiting room and the children go back alone. I will never sacrifice protecting my kids for &quot;policy.&quot; AND she said that it was policy for EVERY dentist office due to new federal regulations. LIER!! already made another appt at different office and specifically asked if I was allowed in the room with her. NEVER NEVER take your precious children to Walters! 	4	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	commentsVery Good Dentist!!! We have been going to him forever and will continue! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
43	-1	 While my husband was deployed I went home, and I was having dental problems.. Went to see this Doc because he was close to my sisters house.. damn I should have read the reviews.. Anyways.. He worked on my mouth, and they were suppose to charge the insurance.. I got a whitening that my insurance wouldn't cover so I paid with care credit card.. We'll I received a bill saying it had not been paid.. they had a problem filing it. Today I check my care credit card, and well they charged it to my credit card.. They had the info, and they just ran the card for whatever the insurance didn't pay without my authorization.. I'm calling care credit on monday, better business bereau, and I'm calling them.. We are stationed in Hawaii kinda wishing I was home to go yell at them.. That is not right. I would not recommend this doctor at all.. When I went in and he was working on my mouth he was so busy talking about others.. did I mention he also told my daughter she could die because she had a cavity.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Tricare
43	-1	 Although most of his staff is friendly and pleasant, Dr. Walters himself is not. If you'd enjoy an obnoxious salesman droning in your ear for half an hour, you've found the right dentist. If not, look elsewhere. My husband started out with his former associate, and lasted ONE appointment with Dr. Walters before deciding to change dentists. They gave our children fluoride treatments and sealed their teeth - all paid 100% by insurance, of course! - without informing us in advance, when we were only steps away in the waiting room. Call me old-fashioned, but who decided that parents have no say in what treatments their kids receive&#63; And finally, more than once they miscalculated our dental coverage when one of our family members needed a procedure, resulting in substantially higher out-of-pocket costs than they quoted ahead of time. Unfortunately, I can't recommend him.  	3	3	1	2	Insurance:Delta Dental
43	-1	 Dr. Walters is rude and arrogant to his patients and staff.  I will not be using him again. He is an a#!.  	5	3	2	2	Insurance:Delta Dental
43	-1	commentsA very stressful experience. The dentist mocked my daughter for being afraid. Dentist is very sarcastic and a smart-aleck. Doing good work is not enough; relationships with patients are important too.  Used the idea of patients filing lawsuits as justification for suggesting that elective work be done. Very unprofessional. This office is focused on the BOTTOM LINE -- making money.  I would not recommend this dentist or his office to my worst enemy. 	1	4	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
43	0	commentsI was in for a visit last week and there was so much chaos. I didn't get the service I had come to expect. I don't know if I will continue to go when it is time again to see a dentist. 	3	1	2	4	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	 I have used Dr. Walters since 2001 and have never had a problem with him or any of the techs. I have even had my daughter and my husband as a patient there. They have always been there to make sure that everything is ok. They even called me the next day after service to make sure that everything was ok. I even live in Springdale and drive all the way there to have them work on my teeth. I never once have hurt having anything done.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Delta Dental
43	1	commentsDr. Walters has a great personality and helps to make your trip to the dentist a pleasant experience. He is very knowledgeable and gentle when providing service. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
43	-1	 My 5 year old daughter went in for her check-up and she had 2 cavities that had to be filled.  When she got there they advertised a treasure chest of goodies for the &quot;good&quot; patients and assured her that she would get something if she was good.  So, they took her to the back.  She cried, said she was in pain, and then asked for them to go get her dad.  They denied her and then told her that she was being a bad patient. They never went to get my husband and she cried in pain the whole time.  When she got ready to leave they told her that b/c she was a bad patient she wouldn't be getting anything from the treasure chest.  I was appalled.  I could not believe they told her that.  It was a chest full of cheap toys and they tell her no she couldn't have one b/c she was a &quot;bad&quot; patient.  I was so upset when my husband told me what happened.  He is not good with kids.  Do not take your children to him.  	1	2	1	1	Insurance:Delta DentalPaid/Co-pay:$25
43	-1	commentsThe staff is great--Dr. Walters is not.  He is very arrogant and rude--very pushy and poor bedside manner.  I would give the staff all 5 stars but the doctor only only 1 star so that's an average of three.  He seems to go through help a lot and it's always someone different there and he is not very nice to his staff either even though he always has the nicest girls working there except for the businus lady Diann who is inconsiderate and rude too.  The dental technicians who work with him are great especially the one who cleans your teeth---she is greatand has been there a couple years now. 	5	4	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	commentsA Very good Dentist...I will always use him. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	 Dr. Wallace is very friendly and takes the time to explain things in a way you understand them. He is very honest about what he can do for you and what he can't do.  I highly recommend him 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
60	0	 Saw him at mountain home office. Receptionist was rude.  Waited over 4 hours for appt! 	1	1	2	3	Insurance:Medicare
60	1	commentsOffice staff was rude, especially the receptionist. VERY long wait!! 	1	1	3	5	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	 Dr. Waack takes time with us/my husband whenever we have an appointment.  He listens and responds intelligently to our questions. He makes eye contact and behaves as if my husband is the most important person in his life during our appointments.  As it should be for those providing medical care.  Fort Smith is blessed to have this man caring for its citizens.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
64	-1	 Very poor bedside manner. Was not knowledeable. Inappropriate sexual behavior.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	1	 Dr. Waack has recognized problems for family members that other doctors have missed, and thus he has saved lives. In a dire emergency he was gowned and gloved and ready when the helicoptor got our daughter-in-law to the hospital. This man is kind, caring, and very knowledgeable.  		5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
73	1	 Excellent physician, knowledgeable, great bedside manner.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
76	1	 Dr. Waller was my OBGYN for 2 of my pregnancies. I chose him because he has a reputation for being VBAC (Vaginal Birth After a Cesarean) friendly.  If I still lived in the Little Rock area I would choose him to be my OBGYN for my current pregnancy! 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
80	1	 He has always been right on with his diagnoses and very helpful to find a specialist if he wasn't sure.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
80	-1	commentsThis doctor does not touch you in any way- plus he bragged about how he could charge insurance companies more than someone that paid out of their own pocket- his staff loses medications from assisstance programs, and my own opinion is, stay away from this doctor. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	 Dr. Warr is very kind, and really cares.   He was pleasant and seemed interested in making sure I was o.k.    I am a pilot...and he helped my flight doctor in mtn. home (dr. williams..also really good)  get the items i needed for the FAA so I could continue flying.   My wife went to him too, and was very honest with her condition about what to expect.   We were very satisfied with his care, and his staff.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
92	1	 Dr Waar has helped me control hypertension and has conducted treadmill stress tests for me.  His equipment is very modern.  His staff is excellent and very helpful.  He has gone the extra mile for me by dictating a memo for me to use in assistance in getting my Third Class Flight Medical Certificate.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
93	-1	 was extremely rude. i asked how soon i could expect to resume normal activity and was told not to ask questions what i needed to know i would be told. i am filing a complaint with medical review board on this man. he said he knew what was best for me and to just trust people who are more intelligent than i. i cannot believe in this day and age people like him are allowed to practice medicine. avoid at all costs.i am not being libelous just factual.  	5	1	1	1	Insurance:United Healthcare
