dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
17	1	 Dr. Lisa Abaid is wonderful and a delightful person who listens to everything you say.   She has a great bedside manner and is very knowledgeable and explains every procedure to you- even draws a picture of the tumor and its location.  I had two surgeries with her.  Both went extremely well, and I recovered very rapidly.  Her surgical skills are amazing.  I highly recommend her.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
17	1	 I had my 1st appointment with Dr Abaid and I had my surgery 2 days later. She was thorough, caring and very expedient with the follow up procedures.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
17	-1	 I went to Dr. Abaid on a referral from my Gyno.  They both wanted to remove my ovaries and while they were in there, give me a hysterectomy.  They said I had ovarian cancer.  I went for second opinion to UCLA medical center and found out the I DID NOT have cancer.  My elevated blood levels were false due to me being premenopausal.  	3	5	1	1	Insurance:United Healthcare
17	1	 Dr. Abaid is awesome and I highly recommend her! I had a huge fibroid on my ovary and required a robotic hysterectomy. I am an obese patient so I was nervous as obviously i am higher risk.. but Dr. Abaid was so confident and knowledgeable that she  made me feel totally comfortable with her doing the procedure. She explained everything to me and even drew me out a picture of what she would be doing. All i can say is that she is an awesome doctor, very down to earth, and knows what she is doing. Robotic hysterectomy is the way to go! It's been four weeks since my surgery and I am doing great! Hoag Hospital in Newport Beach was awesome too and the staff was great! Thanks Dr.  Abaid! :-) 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	 I was so afraid of what would happen during surgery, that I put if off for months. I wish I had found Dr. Abaid sooner. She has a very calming demeanor, listens intently, and speaks intelligently and nonconfrontationally. Dr. Abaid was patient with my questions and requests, and went out of her way to ensure my comfort with the surgery. Her staff is kind, attentive and efficient. Both Dr. Abaid and her staff follow up after surgery, and are available when needed. Treatment by Dr. Abaid was the best experience I've had with ANY doctor I've seen. I only wish she practiced other medical specialities so I could stop having to be seen by incompetant, egomanical medical hacks. Dr. Abaid is a rare gem.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	 very good ,tool care of my problem,got me well. very much appreciated.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:AnthemPaid/Co-pay:$90
28	-1	 A very nice man, but not good at diagnosis. Works in the Care Center at Veteran's home in Yountfille.  	2	2	2	1	Insurance:Medicare
30	1	 This doctor is very knowledgeable he takes the time to listen to you and gives you a full in-depth diagnosis.  He takes the time to get to know you and seems to have a smile on his face all the time.   No complaints! 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Kaiser-PermanentePaid/Co-pay:$10
32	1	 Great doctor and very knowledgeable. Very professional and really knows her medical profession.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	1	commentsGreat Doctor with lots of knowledge. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	commentsProbably the best dental experience I've ever had.  Dr. Abas is thorough and personable, office is great, and staff is phenomenal!  Thank you. Paid/Co-pay:$165	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	commentsAn honest doctor and very punctual. The office is very modern and clean. Staff is very friendly and welcoming. Dr.Abas made me feel very comfortable. Paid/Co-pay:$250	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	commentsDr. Abas is knowledgeable and takes the time to explain various options available to his patients.  The office is state of the art and the staff are great! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	commentsI had the best experience with Dr. Abas! Dr. Abas was very knowledgeable and very helpful.  I usually fear the shot when I go to the dentist, but with Dr. Abas I did NOT feel that shot was even given, he was so delicate, which was greatly appreciated. Thank you so much Dr. Abas for such a wonderful dental experience!  I will be sure to come again and bring you my children! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	commentsI came in for a cleaning and whitening after I got one of their postcards in the mail. The office is really nice - much nicer than you might think from the outside. Dr. Abaian was really nice and helpful. The whitening made my teeth really sensitive, but it did go away after about an hour. I would recommend this office. 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	commentsi found my experience here great. I first went here and found that I needed a larger overall treatment for my dental. I checked around to other offices and found that the price at Southland was pretty good. I went through with treatment here and I was extremely happy with results, I get a lot of complements as well about my smile, people cannot even tell that I had cosmetic work done. Im real happy I went here and worked with Dr Hanookai and Dr. Abaian. I had to wait twice for over 15 min but not big deal when it comes down to the end result. 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	commentsI enjoyed my experience with Dr Abaian, he did great work and all the staff were very friendly. His office is really nice too. The parking could be better, but all in all, I would recommend him. Paid/Co-pay:$95	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	commentsAfter my first experience with Dr. Abaian, I had to come here and write a review. Prior knowing him, going to dentist was the most uncomfortable thing for me. I think Dr Abaian (and his colleague - Dr Hanookai) Know how to make you comfortable in their office.   The office itself is big and beautiful, but somehow it feels very cozy. Staff  were nice and helpful and they are there to make you as comfortable as possible. So as long as I live in Los Angeles I won’t think of switching my dentist.  I give him 5 stars, but he deserves even more stars! Paid/Co-pay:$260	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
43	-1	comments 	4	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	 I feel blessed to have met this wonderful cosmetic dentist. He has changed my life with a smile  that u must be lucky to get. Specially nowadays with the many dentist that do less than a perfect job. When your paying thousands of dollars u expect top of the line work to be done...  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Delta Dental
43	1	 I thank Dr Abaian for doing an beautiful job on my mouth. Much appreciated the quality work that has been done.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:BC Med
43	-1	comments06/21/20100   NEVER AGAIN     &quot;Don't go there unless you want to be treated like cattle.     This is a very unethical dental office.     I only went there because it was close to my home and because my they took California Dental Insurance. The first time I called there and got put on hold for 15 min to get my first appointment should have been already a sign not to go there. I got a crown down, they charged me a arm and a leg for it and it was done very unprofessional, the staff, including all 3 dentists there are TERRIBLE, all they want is your money - they treat you like you are an animal and not a human being. STAY FAR FAR AWAY, any other dentist is probably much better in Culver City , it can't get worse. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
43	-1	commentsThe front desk staff is very helpful and friendly. My first few visits w/Dr. Abaian were great! I was expecting the same service on my returning vistits. However, my last visit he was no where to be found. I was not told that he would not be seeing me that visit. They gave me to whomever was available without telling me who would be working on me that day and why Dr. Abaian was not. It was a dentist(I assumed it was a licenced dentist. Even though she didnt look old enough to be more than an intern) whom I had never met before. She was very rude and often would drop tools and I heard the words&quot;oops&quot; and &quot;shoot&quot; a lot while my mouth was open. The work that she did was painful, and I ended up having to come back to get it fixed. I've never been to a dentist before that offers me up to anyone! I picked him as a dentist because I felt comfortable with him. I didn't like the way I was treated. 	2	3	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
49	-1	commentsPoor surgical skills. Very poor patient care and manners. I wish there were better selection criteria for physicians practicing so we would not encounter such a poor health care. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
49	0	commentsHave scleroderma. Dr. Abagnon took biopsy and said she was going to refer me to a rheumatologist. Which was good because I was having a lot of pain and other RA symptoms. Waited over two weeks. No one called me I had to call them for results. Positive for sclerodrrma but now she wants me to use a steroids cream and see me again in a month. No RA referral. Now its back to my family physician to start over. Ugh!  The whole visit with Dr Abagnon and biopsy did me no good as far as moving forward in me feeling better and getting well. 	4	5	3	3	Insurance:Unknown
49	-1	commentsI had an appointmenton July 20 because of a red rash on my face. She took a culture and said she didn't want to start any treatment until she had the test results back which would be in 2-3 days. After a week I called her office asking why no one has called me with the lab results...I was told they had been too busy. I treated myself and the rash went away but now have had another occurance and need to know what those test results showed. I called again today...five weeks later and was told someone would get back to me today. That was 6 hours ago and I'm still waiting. I've never been treated so poorly from a physician in my life. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	 I loved Dr. Abangon. I and each of my daughters have been her patient.  She is truly caring and goes way beyond the call of duty.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	1	 Dr. Abangan is extremely good and efficient.  She is considerate and very personable.  Due to quick circumstances she has and is doing everything she can and as quickly as possible to accomodate us.  I am truly grateful to have been refered to her.   I don't think you could find a better Dermatologist! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	1	 Dr. Abate is the best Dr.i have ever had.I was sick alot.He would take care of me no matter the time ,day or night.I have now moved to florida and have a new Dr.I will be glad when i feel at ease with him.(my new Dr.)as i did with Dr. abate.Thankyou Dr.Abate,your my hero....  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
52	1	commentsthis is the best kids doctor ever the only thing is if you leave you cant come back if you change doctors if you move i tryed but i should have stayed with him i hope when i have my next one he will take that one. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	commentsfor a fun family oriented atmosphere dr.abantes office is the best dental office you'll find in town.the staff their make you feel so comfortable and like part of their family.i loved it there. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
56	-1	commentsDr. Aarden was horrible. I came in with stomach problems and when she took my history, she acted disinterested and disconnected.  I gave her a history and because I couldn't tell her time lines, she figured I was lying and all was in my head.  I deal with many doctors in my profession and hope to never come across a doctor like her.  My time there was a big waste. I went to another physician the next day and got a diagnosis, recommendations and medication that did not put me to sleep. 	1	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	commentsGreat doctor, very helpful and very knowledgeable 	4	5	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
59	-1	commentsI came in for a chronic back problem and left in even more pain then came in. I was told that it will go away and i need to keep doing it but I highly doubt it. I could barely move the next day. 	4	4	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
59	1	 This DR is WONDERFUL! She spent uninterrupted time with me and i ofund out exactly what was wrong with my neck and the headaches i have constantly! i should have come here a LONG time ago! Thank YOU DR.  BETH!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
65	1	 Docteur compétent et efficace,ainsi que son personel à la clinique.Seulement 7 semaines se sont écoulées à partir de mon premier rendez-vous avec le Dr Aaron pour subir l'opération de l'hypertrophie bénigne de la prostate , lui et le dr Steinberg sont venu me voir après mon opération pour mon suivi lors de mon hospitalisation et de ma convalescence.Très satisfait des services obtenue.un patient très satisfait.Benoit.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	1	 I have been a Nurse for 20 years. I feel Dr. Aaronson had excellent bedside manner, true empathy and very knowledgeable.  My husband sees him and liked him also. I was told not to trust any podiatrist in Fresno, however he is a gem! He diagnosed, explained, answered my questions and treated me with a steroid injection and ordered orthotics. His orthotics were reasonably priced. His staff was fabulous! Great people. I will defininately continue to see him and recommend him to anyone who needs to see a podiatrist. I'm grateful for the treatment and care received. Thank you Dr. Aaronson. Oh, he also gives you access to your medical record online..a nice bonus. Thanks to his fantastic staff...and I don't say that lightly. As a Nurse and company owner, I'm very picky about how I'm treated and others too.  This was a great encounter even though the injection hurt like crazy! Thanks again! 	5	1	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
66	1	commentsDr. Aaronson is VERY friendly and capable.  I would and have recommended him to friends. 	4	4	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	commentsI have availed myself of Dr. Arronson's services on two occasions related to heel spurs. In addition to a cortisone injection, he recommended a few self-administered treatments/exercises I could do at home.  The next visit was about 3 years later with an injection in the other heel and a recommendation for an orthodic in my shoes.  He and his staff took measurements and ordered the inserts.  I shopped for them online and the Dr.'s price was comparable to, or less than the other prices. I returned for a fitting, and am please to say the pain has never returned.   It's been about 5 years since my last visit and I have recommended Dr. Aaronson on at least three occasions. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	 Finally a doctor's visit that made me feel better immediately! Walk in with sore toes, dance out with no pain. Dr. Aa &amp; crew are awesome. He is quick with his procedure and my toes feel wonderful for weeks afterward. My husband is also happy with his toes after our visit. We have awful, thick toenails that are so much better since we have become Dr. Aa's patients. Now if I could just get him to apply the polish they would look as pretty as they feel.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	1	 I feel Dr. Aaronson and his staff are the best.  They are professional, knowledgeable, helpful and always enjoyable to be around.  I like them as people AND as professionals.  	5	3	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
66	1	 Dr. Aaronson performed a very complicated and difficult surgery on my left foot. Two badly dislocated toes,a hammer toe, and a bunion was removed. I want to thank him for his expertise and excellent skills. Dr. Aaronson and his staff are absolutely wonderful!! He always takes time to answer the many questions I might have and has a genuine concern for his patients an their results. Today just 2 1/2 months later - I am walking and wearing shoes again!  I was wearing a boot 2 months before surgery, because the pain was so bad.  GREAT JOB AND MANY THANKS DR.  AARONSON!!!!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	1	commentsDr. Aaronson performed bunion surgery on me.  Three weeks out and I am moving my toes/foot in way I haven't been able to in 15+ years.  Great Doctor, great results.  I would recommend him to anyone. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	 The Doctor and staff are excellent.  Great service, very curtious, and always willing to help. The Doctor is very knowledgeable, takes the time to answer all my questions and has excellent follow up.  I will return for further treatment and care.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	1	commentsDr. Aaronson is an excellent podiatrist. I went to two doctors before him who were unable to diagnose and treat my condition properly. I suffered a lot of pain from wounds that would not heal on my foot. Dr. Aaronson immediately knew what was wrong with me and prescribed medicine that worked quickly and instructed me how to treat the wounds. He was a very nice person and I would definitely go back to him. I highly recommend him. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	commentsI am Dr. Aaronson- and want it known that I consider myself extremely consciencious, caring, and very competant in podiatry.  With the huge patient volume I have encountered since 1987, I estimate 99% are delighted with my care.  I wish it were 100%.  To those 1% not happy with me, let me assure them it is not due to lack of caring or competance-and I wish them well.  To those who are happy, I thank them for entrusting their health to me. 	5	3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
66	-1	 Botched the bunion surgery, resulting in staph infection (did not believe my pain, then misdiagnosed the whole thing until my family doctor diagnosed it) and permanently painful toe dislocation ... Very painful! Wouldn't stand behind his work!  I ended up having to quit my job(painful walking) and had more surgeries in an attempt to fix his mistakes. After almost two years in casts, needed physical therapy (at my expense of $7000) I ended up with dizziness from an adjustment, then fell down stairs, more physical therapy ... just a mess, no work anymore either, therefore no monies to help me pay these bills.  He really wrecked my life! 	2	2	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$3000
70	1	commentsHas a great bedside manner 	4	4	4	4	Insurance:Unknown
71	1	 Dr. Abad-Santos is a solo practitioner who maintains a high accessibility and reliability to her patients. She is committed to providing the highest quality care for her patients with personalized attention in a friendly and courteous environment.  		5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
75	1	 Dr. Aarestad has been my doctor for over twenty years.  I believe she is the very best.  She listens and she understands me.  She may be running a little behind, but she always has time to talk and help me.    If I need a specialist for a problem, she gets the right one for me.  I think she is the most knowledge doctor I have ever seen and I am very greatful to have her as my doctor.  Her staff is top notch.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Tricare
75	1	 Dr. Aarestad is wonderful.  After her exam she will sit down to answer any questions the patient may have.  She's thorough and knows her stuff.  I have been her patient for over 20 years and am extremely happy with the care that I have received.   She's an A+ doctor in my book! 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
75	1	commentsDr. Aarestad is fairly good.  She tried to figure our my symptoms and gave it her best effort but was unsucessful.  She listens but misinterpreted some things which lead to some incorrect medicines.  She at least tried. I am not sure if I would recommend her but maybe. 	3	4	4	4	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	 I have had none of the rudeness problems or timing issues that have been listed below as issues. I converted to her from my previous dr at ucdavis. Her bedside manner is excellent and I have nothing but positives to say about my families treatments.  	5	5	5	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
87	-1	commentsThe staff can be rude and uncaring about patients, impatient, and even say goodbye and hang up on you when you haven't even finished speaking or said goodbye yourself.  They are not polite or business-like on the phone, or even respectful. I've never dealt with front office behavior like that before.  Doctor is seemingly impossible to get a hold of or hear back from. 	1	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
87	0	 STAFF is rude over the phone. not helpful and shouldnt make you feel like your bothering them, especially when the ball in their court.  	1	3	2	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
87	-1	commentsLast experience with her was so bad I reported her to her physician's group AND my insurance company. At her new practice she and her staff are even worse! Staff refused to put her on the phone or give her a phone message. When I tried to make an appt. instead, they had no appts for four weeks! This was for an injury not just a general wellness visit! They treat every patient that has not been to the new practice as a new patient, even if you saw her multiple times at the old practice. What a crock. When I finally called and had an appointment, I was waiting in the exam room so long that I fell asleep. This was after filling out mountains of &quot;new patient&quot; paperwork. When Dr. Abalos came in, she did not remember me at all even though I saw her twice at Dr. Harris' practice. She also claimed Dr. Harris' office did not forward my medical records. She refused to help me and fired ME for being rude to her staff when I called 2 months ago! Why let me make an appt just to fire me&#63;! RUDE. 	1	1	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	 Dr. Abablos has moved her practice to the Nuggett Shopping center in Rocklin.  I have not been able to find new contact information.  I also thought she was a very good attentive doctor and will be changing to go to her new office or finding another office to go to instead of Roy Harris MD.  	1	5	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
87	1	 I was very happy with Dr.Abalos! She is a very caring Doctor. I am not happy that she left her office and I don't want to see the other Doctors in that office. I will be doing some research to see where she moved her practice to. I am not happy with how the office or other staff will not tell you where she moved too. They just assign you a new doctor without even asking you.  	3	5	5	4	Insurance:Aetna
87	1	 She is a knowledgeable, and I am very comfortable with her.  As for the office staff, they are Horrible in customer service, they make you feel like you are bothering them, very unpleasant, almost as if they are prejudice because I am not &quot;white&quot;&#63;  But it seems they are like this to everyone... no smiles, no greeting, and if there is a greeting, it is fake and very obvious.  Dr Abalos is no longer there, I need to find another doctor, do not want to go to this office, I dread it everytime.  	1	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
87	0	commentsAbalos is o.k when she is available 50% of the time. Most of the staff there behaved in a disinterested or indifferent manner. Not rude, but more of &quot;you're bothering me&quot; attitude. Worst of all, it's their customer service is just horrible. They will not call you back, and Abalos will not take your call. So if you prefer a Doctor that won't take your calls and a office staff that won't call you back, then you have found a great medical group! 	1	4	3	3	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	commentsShe's very gentle and caring to your every ailment.  Excellent doctor with excellent bedside manner.  I've been a client of hers for 3 years and not one single complaint.  However, the staff particularly the receptionists need to re-trainned on customer service! 	1	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
87	-1	 If you want to feel like a Hypochondriac by all means go see this doctor.  Backache&#63;  She will try to give you antidepressants.  Headache&#63;  - you must be depressed.  and so on...   The ex-ray tech actually did an exagerated eye roll at me when I could not contort the way she wanted.  The only person worth a darn in this office is the PA who is very caring and knowledgable. Obviously I have switched Doctors. Cross reference this review with Dr. Roy Harris who owns this office.  I appear to not be alone with my opinion.  	2	3	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$25
97	-1	commentsYes I completely agree with the reviews below. I had excatly same situation. He was more interested to get me enrolled into a program without even dealing with the problem first. And I am always very careful with the drugs I take so it was very disappointing that he would not give me another alternative. 	3	4	2	1	Insurance:Unknown
97	-1	 Hands out only meds and wants to sens you to his clinic's programs. does not want to consult specialist even when objective evidence points so.  Does not want to make any effort to get you any treatment  Rough bedside manner 	5	3	1	1	Insurance:Workers Comp
97	-1	commentsBefore I went, I spent hours filling out his 15 page questionnaire. Went to his office in pain, thinking he would read it.  It was more cogent then anything I could have told him that day.  But he only glanced at it - despite my asking him to read it.  He was more interested in simply enrolling me into his long term private therapy program, which if not why my doctor sent me to him.  A very negative individual.  I never went back.  A waste of time and money 	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
97	-1	 He passes out Suboxone like its candy. It is a terrible drug and impossible to stop taking. Dr. Abaci said it was a wonderful drug. I had to find the downside on my own. It is a wonderful drug to get you through his program but then you are stuck on this nightmarish drug.  	5	3	1	1	Insurance:Workers Comp
