dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	-1	She is the worst I've seen. I don't like her. I went as far as putting a complaint about her to member services for Kaiser. I didn't like how she was talking to me. She was giving me one word answers. She was not helpful. I wasted my 15 dollars on nothing. She rushed me out the room like she had something better else to do. Never again would I see her.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
2	1	Great urologist. Very reassuring.  Knowledgable.  Have to wait a long time because he is very busy but worth every second.   simply the best in the west 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
2	1	I chose Dr. Ilbeigi to treat my prostate Cancer by the da Vinci Robotic prostatectomy @ St Mary Medical center after seeing 4 other robotic surgeons in Southern California (City of hope, UCLA, and Loma Linda.  I felt as though, Dr. Ilbeigi was very honest in his assessment and realistic outcome after surgery.  He is truely knowledgable, an expert in the field and put our anxiety to rest after just one consultation.  I felt great after my surgery and I am cured.  I would recommend him to anyone. John Jerrard, Ontario, California.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	1	One of the best Urologist I have been to.  It's too bad he doesnt take my insurance anymore.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
2	1	Dr. Ilbeigi removed a cancerous part of my kidney using the Robot and I was home in less than 24 hours.  I had seen two other urologist and they just wanted to remove my kidney, but Dr. Ilbeigi had the knowledge and expertise to perform this advance surgery.  He was very reassuring and took his time before during and after surgery to keep our nerves at ease. I owe him my life.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	1	Very knowledgeable, patient and professional. Dr. Ilbeigi has an exceptional bedside manner. Great doctor! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	I saw Dr. Ibarra at Urgent Care, not at her normal practice facility. However, I can tell you I wish her practice was near my home so that I could make her my primary care physician. I was that impressed with her care. She is a very throrough physician, who listens and acquires details before jumping to conclusions about your diagnoses. Then upon her diagnoses she thoroughly explains what, why and how. Her bedside manner, care and attention to detail is second to none. When I saw her I was in incredible pain, they showed me special attention by expediting my wait and entire process. I credit her care to my speedy recovery. If my schedule wasn't so tight with work, I would make the extra long drive to make her my primary physician.. I think she is worth it.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
3	-1	. If you care about you and your body never see this doctor 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
3	1	Dr. Ibarra is a great doctor. In previous experience with other doctors it seemed all doctors did were listen to what the nurses told them about me, then spend less than five minutes with me, give me a prescription and shove me out the door. Before I met Dr. Ibarra I was preparing myself for the fight I was sure was going to happen. I knew I needed more than a prescription and I was afraid that thats all the doctor was going to try and do. But Dr. Ibarra actually treated me there and relieved much of my pain and had an amazing beside manner. I left stunned by the care and very pleased that she was now my permanent doctor. I no longer think that doctors just take my money and leave me to get better on my own. When I go to Dr. Ibarra I know she will help be get better.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
4	0	Dr. Ikrammulah has little time to spend with patients.  10-15 mins. is not enough to get medications fine-tuned.  To her credit, she did put in a referral for me to go to the UCLA Anxiety Disorders Clinic at my request, and going there has made all the difference.  I suppose for general and mild psychiatric issues she is okay. 	2	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	Wonderful and caring Doctor and  staff.    Computerized office so my records were easy for the doctor to see. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	wonderful doctor and the staff is very kind and helpful. dr. iravani has been my sons doctor since he was born. she spends alot of time with you, and is very thorough.  I reccomend her !! 	5	4	5	4 	Insurance:Anthem
7	1	Since we were expecting twins, we chose Mary Imig after reading many reviews. She was good from the beginning. Her experience really helps and all my exams were painless and quick.  But, she was kept asking for c-section.  Both babies were head down around 8th month.  She was disappointed that she can't do c-section. She told us right away that she won't do vaginal delivery for twins. We were really disappointed at that point.  There is not even a single fcator to consider c-section. It was my first pregnancy &amp; I am completely healthy, babies are healthy and prefect head down position.    Had we known earlier that she won't do normal twin delivery, we wouldn't have chosen her at all. Then, she referred another doctor in the same complex.    So, if you know u r gonna do c-section, Mary Imig is right choice    If you wanna have normal delivery, go with other doctors.  	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	Absolutely the best at her profession.  Extremely competent, very knowledgeable.  Dr.Imig has helped resolve problems caused by anxiety.  I would highly recommend her as the best Dr.of Obsetrics in California.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
7	-1	I went in to discuss severe menopausal symptoms.I am unlivable and losing my family due to the erratic mood swings caused by at the very least perimenopause (49 years old).She handed me a prescription for anti-depressants which I had been on for 5 years and just went off due to headaches, and said &quot;yes, I know there is a lot of information about hormones but you haven't missed three periods in a row so take all the pills I gave you for hysteria and be on your way. Let's check you again in 3 months.By then I could have a divorce or throw myself off something. I found her very dismissive and condescending. When I told her I had no sex drive and haven't had sex with my husband in over 18 months she just looked like &quot;aww that's so sad for you&quot; I asked about hormones natural and otherwise and she just glazed right over it.She made me feel like an hysterical female from the 1950's. I have been an ICU nurse for 18 years.I'm not an idiot who needs antianxiety drugs.WASTED TIME.  	5	5	3	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
7	1	I've been her patient for many years and trust her implictly. She is considerate, personable and keeps current. She always listens. When I call her nurses with questions, answers are returned in a timely manner. Whenever anything serious needs to be discussed ie; test results, biopsy results etc., Dr imig is the one to call, not leaving the hard stuff to her nurses. She is dedicated to the patient.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
8	-1	At first Dr. Ignacio was pleasant and friendly.  After my second visit her attitude changed and was standoffish.  At my visits she would sit on a chair and read the reports from MRI and physical therapist.  She didn't once physically examine me however noted on her reports that she did so.  She's heavily swayed by the insurance company as she stated to me numerous times that although she wants to treat me a certain way she can't justify it to the insurance company therefore was unwilling to stand up for me, her patient.  Dr. Ignacio puts on a smile in front of her patients but can be heard behind close doors talking about her patients.  She is very unprofessional and doesn't respect people's privacy.  She is always seen dictating out in the open after seeing her patients.  Her dictation can be heard by everyone in the waiting room.  I was very unhappy by the service I received from Dr. Ignacio.  	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:Workers Comp
9	1	He's very patient, listens, follows-up and professional. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	Very knowledgeable and listens to your concerns 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	A few months ago, I had a lot of problems with my shoulder and neck pain plus I had bouts of headaches and numbness which I only felt at one side of my face.I hate taking medications so I decided to visit Hana. Hana is very thorough with taking my medical history and is very knowledgeable. After a series of treatments, my headaches and numbness went away. Hana has a very gentle touch that you hardly feel the needlesticks at all. In fact, I always went to sleep during the sessions. The atmosphere of the office is very relaxing and quiet also.she did alternate therapies including cupping, heat therapy and real muscle work on my neck and shoulders. She also treated me on my menopausal symptoms and you know what, I had occasional hot flashes then but after the treatments, I did not have any at all. Very impressive!  I highly recommend Hana to everyone and I am always going to be her patient. Merced is indeed lucky to have her! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	-1	Disregarded some life threatening symptoms that resulted from his surgery.  My family member was not only in incredible pain but had to stay in the cardiac ICU for 5 days as a result.  He then continued to call the symptoms a result of the patient being &quot;anxious.&quot; 	3	4	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
13	0	He saw me once in my 3rd trimester (his nice nurses and wife the rest of the time) and his bedside manner sucked. He measured my babies' size completely inaccurately. He said she's be much bigger than she was. He didn't show up while I was in labor EVEN ONCE. I was delivered by some random doctor who actually had the nerve to make me WAIT to push because it was 8pm and she was having dinner. Hoag Hospital I suppose, is to blame for that. His staff however, super nice and the only reason I still went to this office. Get a midwife. I hear South Coast Midwifery is amazing. And no, I am not affiliated with them at all.  	5	3	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	1	i am switching in my third trimester to this doctor after being dissatisfied with my previous one.  what a difference!  dr. illeck is so caring and knowledgable...great bedside manner.  really knows his stuff.  HIGHLY recommended.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
13	1	Dr. Illeck is great! He's personably, has great bed side manners, is honest, and most of all, he's a huge advocate of vaginal child birth. If you want a doctor who is helpful, efficient, and not arrogant about their profession, choose Dr. Illeck. He's easy to get a long with and keeps you informed of everything. He's not over the top about information and doesn't get stressed out easily. He's one of a kind and well worth some of the office staff issues.  	2	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
13	1	I found Dr.Illeck throu this site, and his rating has the most positively consistency. So I went to him. From the very first interaction with his office via phone to the end of my visit, I was very pleased about his office staffs' professional and pleasant attidute. The office is clean, organized, and based on other patients'response in that day, I could tell they like Dr. Illeck and his staffs. Dr. Illeck is very approachable, knowlegable and he listens to his patient's concern. I will definately come back and recommend him to people I know. I found this site extreemly helpful to assist patients in choosing their healthcare providers.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
13	1	Dr Illeck in my opinion is a very knowledgeable and considerate doctor; he knows his work and he knows his patients.  Dr Illeck is a very patient doctor and cares about you as a patient.  He will explain things to you if you have questions.  Dr Illeck is a very intelligent doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
13	1	I've been with Dr. Illeck for 15 years. I would never go to any other doctor. He took take of me throughout all three of my pregnancies. He is professional and intelligent. Debbie his wife is GREAT!!! Both of them make you feel comfortable and at ease. Thank you Dr. Illeck and Debbie for always being there for me.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
13	1	My Dr is Dr. Illeck and he's fantastic. I had both children with this office and couldn't be more pleased. I was never uncomfortable asking my neurotic questions and always got the answers I was looking for. There were a few situations where I needed to speak with him after hours and he always got back to me quickly. Very supportive/ professional staff. When you're pregnant, you want to to trust your Drs and what they're telling you. He always put my mind at ease and was quick to act when the situation required it. I would have 100 kids with this office if I could.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	1	Dr. Illeck is hands down the best OB/GYN in Orange County. After disappointing experiences from other offices in the area it was a relief to walk into a practice where every staff member is kind and attentive and the doctor has amazing bedside manner, top notch communication and follow up and tries to deliver all of his patients himself no matter what. This office answers their phone and follows up with patients immediately with test results, to answer questions and to reschedule appointments. Dr. Illeck makes his patients feel at ease and well taken care of at every stage of pregnancy and delivery. He writes his own prescriptions and makes calls himself to follow up with patients whenever possible. Bottom line: this doctor and his staff are AMAZING and are highly recommended! Do yourself a favor and make Dr. Illeck your OB/GYN.. you will not be sorry! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	1	The entire staff is WONDERFULL!!!  I had a great experience with every nurse and doctor I saw.  Even the office staff is super friendly and helpful.  They remember you by name and always have a smile.  Even when I had questions by phone, they were prompt in answering and very helpful.  Dr. Illeck has a great calm/casual way of attending to his patients.  He is very reassuring and has a way of making you feel that everything is going to be alright and there is nothing to stress over.  I reccommend him to everyone.  I recently moved and I still drive the 2 hours it takes to see him.  	5	3	5	4 	Insurance:CIGNA
13	1	Dr Illeck and his NP Deb and Margret are the best OB team ever. I wont go anywhere else.  He got my husband and I through a tragic pregnancy and then a super easy and splendid one and I wont think of using any other dr for baby #2! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
13	1	When the doctor is there, the serve he gives is great. However, my appointments were always cancelled at the last minute. If he could keep his schedule straight or enlist the help of a qualified doc and not a nurse practitioner I would have rated higher and stayed on as a patient.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
13	1	. Dr Illeck is great so far!! I'm due to deliver in July but I had a bloodclot in my uterus and he had me go in every 2 weeks to keep an eye on it and really was comforting knowing the baby and I was in good hands 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	1	I couldn't agree more with the rating directly beneath mine. This Dr. is amazing. After having gone through 3 women gyno's and being seriously less then impressed, meeting with this Dr. was a pleasant change. He has great bedside manner, his staff is great (BIG deal IMO) and he is VERY knowledgeable. Hands down, one of the best working out of Hoag.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	1	. Amazing doctor! I will never go to another OB/GYN again! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	1	Great Doctor. I have been a patient for 10+ years. I always make sure my insurance covers Dr. Illeck.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Pacificare
13	1	Dr. Illeck delivered my son via c-section.  He is AWESOME!!  He listens to you, is very patient and seems to really love what he does.  I would HIGHLY recommend him to anyone and everyone who needs an OB/GYN.   He rocks!!!! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Pacificare
13	1	Dr. Illeck is a great doctor. He is thoughtful and compassionate. He is experienced and knowledgeable while still being friendly and approachable. He was very supportive of our wishes for the birth of our child. I highly recommend him.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	Dr. Ip has been awesome. He is very professional and knowledgeable about breast augmentation. I felt very comfortable telling him my concerns about the operation. I was concerned with the amount of scaring I would get, 550cc silicone implants that needed to inserted via crease incision, and I'm thankful I trusted him because it has been 3 months and they look and feel great! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	Very professional and knowledgeable. Best PS I met out of the four I saw. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	It was the best decision of my life.  I had a rhinoplasty and breast augmentation.  Dr. Ip is a wonderful doctor.  I have research my surgery and have interviewed many doctors.  He was by far the best.  I had the best experience.  I absolutely love my results.  My friends say that I have the best breast they have ever seen and my nose looks so natural.  I recommend him to every one of my friends. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	-1	Dr IP ruined my breasts my nipples were scarred pear shaped and not on the right spot! Year after year he told me he would fix them 2 surgerys later and there worse. I couldn't wear a shirt that showed any chest part my friends would see what was supposed to be a nipple and asked if I was burned. I was horrified. I have had 2 surgeons correct his mistake and they had to go in and scrape out the scarring. It was awful I even had such long thick scars on my right side it was almost going to my back. I really want people to see this because it is not o.k to treat me the way he did. All I wanted was my money back and he didn't see anything wrong with them. That is ridiculous and pictures don't lie. I lost years of my happy life with that because it ruined my self-esteem. And it has taken a lot of pain and more surgery to fix this. All I ever wanted was a pair of boobs. The new doctors I have meant asked me who did this I said Dr IP and apparently I wasn't the first one. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	Dr. Ip is one of the best plastic surgeons ever! I know that Newport Beach is filled with amazing surgeons...I was just happy to find one of them!! I got breast augmentation and Dr. Ip was so kind and gentle every step of the way! He answered every single questions even if it was stupid! He gave me beautiful breasts that look and feel super natural...just what I wanted! If you want a knowledge surgeon that has a great reputation for beautfiul work see Dr. Ip! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	I am appalled at the negative ratings!She has been my doctor for over 17 years &amp; many times when I have called with a problem they have fit me in that very day,a couple times after hours! Other times, she has called me herself to answer questions/clarify test results which are ALWAYS mailed to me with her notes! Last year they squeezed me in on a Monday. She gave me an R/X &amp; said come back Thurs. I did, but still had problems. She scheduled an MRI Fri. AM. She called me within 2 hrs. &amp; said go to the hospital! I did; ER admitted me. She called my room Sat. at 11:30AM to see how I was feeling.It was a serious problem; I was there 8 days! Her staff from front desk to nurses have ALWAYS been friendly &amp; helpful. She has ALWAYS paid attention to my concerns. And the (very) few times when she has not been available her partner, Dr. V., has called me, prescribed &/or seen me.  I know/have met many of her other patients &amp; they all have the same praise for her that I do! She's wonderful! 	 11/17/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	-1	Dr. Imbastari misdiagnosed my son who has ADD. She told me she doesn't like kids to be tagged but in my son's case she was totally wrong. He was diagnosed at age 5 with ADD and 10 yrs later my son wanted to be re-evaluated and her diagnosis was that he never got ADD. She doesn't even have a Psychologist title to say such a thing.Would NEVER recommend her. 	4	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
15	-1	Dr Imbastari is in the wrong profession.  She is very &quot;hands off.&quot; She literaly walks into the room with her hands up, she just looks like she's afraid to touch you. Her medical knowledge has yet to impress me.  Misdiagnosis, referal to a horrible ob doc, and at 33 years old,she told me, &quot;there just comes a time when we can't do everything we want.&quot; I wanted to run, had some knee pain, and went in requesting a referal to an orthopedic doc. The front office staff is less than helpful.  I have called and requested to speak with Dr. Imbastari on a few ocassions, every time I have been denied the request. The office Rn called back, misdiagnosed me over the phone and prescribed me antibiotics that I didn't need.   Overall, NOT happy with this office, will be looking for a new doctor soon! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
15	-1	Several years ago Dr.Imbastari treated my stepfather.  He was 89 at the time and was a smoker all his life.  He went in for breathing difficulty and was told nothing wrong.  Symptoms remained, he went back a 2nd time, and was again told nothing wrong and that he should not come back as medicare won't pay her to treat someone with no problem (all without even doing an X-ray).  After several months of continuing problems, he finally went to another Dr. who immediately took an X-Ray and referred him urgently to an Oncologist who diagnosed late stage lung cancer.  Although he was old, he was otherwise in good health and likely would have had substantially more life if the cancer was caught earlier.  Unfortunately this Dr. did not have the decency to treat an elderly person with even a minimum of respect, to listen, to investigate or even to refer him, instead simply mis-diagnosed and assumed his complaints were simply &quot;old age. &quot; 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
15	1	The doctor has a very good bedside manner.  I just love her.  She is a very good doctor who is also a very good person.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	-1	Last time had to wait over two hours for her, for 70 minutes I was waiting naked in the examination room.  She misdiagnosed my condition, later properly diagnosed by a specialist. She forgot to give me a prescription I had requested, then her staff wouldn't allow me to ask her for it, saying they would mail it to me, which never did do.  Her staff is rude. I was surprised that I had to call to request that test results be sent to me for blood work and bone density tests.  She is a pleasant, nice person but I need more professional medical care.  	1	1	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	-1	Doesn't listen, prevents care (would not refer to established specialist), wrong diagnosis several times, can't interpret blood work, doesn't take symptoms seriously, caused physical pain & embarrassment during appointments. Very concerned for herself & her own life/conditions & profits; she & nurses rude, inappropriate, unprofessional, judgmental. Office staff rude and unskilled, inexperienced, pushy, sent medical records to wrong place which compromised my privacy & caused a lot of other problems for me. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	She is very helpful,very smart,very friendly and so beautyful.For my wife and me is an angel,my wife has very serius health problems and this angel care a lot,we love her,god bless her.Her team is excelent in spanish and english.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	0	She seems very helpful and friendly with a good bedside manner, but seems to forget the medicine part in favor of stroking the ego of patients. She has not reccommended drugs or other therapy when it might be needed. I have gone to other dr's and they have told me I needed a different regimin of drugs or approach sometimes. I think she is more friendly than therapeutic, unless one needs the ego stroked.  I think she is new and wants to keep her patients rather than tell them the truth.  	5	3	4	2 	Insurance:Medicare
15	1	Called me in the hospital to see how i was doing even though she was not the referring physician. She seems very caring and knowledgeable. My only complaint was that she doesn't spend alot of time in the office. It' in and out at her office. The staff sucks! Kelly is great she is physicians assistant. 	1	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	Dr. Imbastari listened and sent me to the best specialist for one of my conditions.  Her staff however does not reflect the great dr. that she is.  She seems to really care for her patients and has even called me on the weekend and on her vacation.  I really appreciate her. 	2	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	I HAVE A LOT OF MEDICAL CONDITIONS AND SHE HAS STUCK THROUGHT THEM WITH ME THROUGH THICK AND THIN. SHE HAS ALWAYS DONE ABOVE AND BEYOND WHAT SHE NEEDED TO. I KNOW FOR A FACT SHE WILL ALWAYS BE THERE FOR ME. SHE IS AN AMAZING SWEET SPIRIT, GREAT DOCTOR, AMAZING PERSON AND GREAT FRIEND IN A DOCTORS WAY. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	I've had problems with the unfriendly front staff before but Dr. Inouye is really nice. I do think that she could be more sensitive to the cost to her patients when she considers different treatment options.  	 6/22/10	2	4	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	. Very skilled and very helpfull, she is absolutly professional and completed the work that I went in for! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	Dr. Intriere extracted a very difficult tooth, and displayed the utmost in professionalism, chairside manner and thoughfulness.  She followed up with me by telephone the next day - an event that I felt further showed her courtesy and professionalism.  I would not hesitate to recommend Dr. Intriere to anyone - an obviously accomplished and talented professional in her field.  Bruce Miller 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Veterans Administration
18	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	0	During my visit I felt that I was treated very well.I would absolutely recommend this doctor to my family and friends.  I felt this visit was a complete waste of time and money.Overall I would rate this visit : good. 		2	1	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	Very good doctor. Dr. Iqbal is professional and a confident doctor. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	Loved the doctor and the staff!!! The doctor was patient and very personable. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	0	Dr. Iriarte is good.  But the staff is rude and un helpful 	1	3	1	5 	Insurance:BC Med
21	1	The office was very nice and the staff was very good. The doctor was excellent and was very kind and was very intelligent. She explained everything so clearly.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
21	-1	Dr. Iriarte prescribe incorrect Prescription and when brought to her attention I was ignored. I found my old prescription to prove that she had made an error on my prescription and I was asked to make another appointment and pay for another visit to fix the problem.  	3	2	1	2 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
22	1	One thing about Dr. Ikeda is he does take the time to listen to you. That's a good thing. The only thing it costs, though, is it does take him longer to see you. I try not to abuse his willingness to listen, but, no doubt, other patients probably go on and on. He has never made me feel rushed or said he needs to get going. Overall, I believe he does do a good job of diagnosing, but, in my case, he has prescribed the more expensive name brands first and I had to request switching to generics later. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	He takes the time to listen to you and thoroughly explains things to you. Does thorough testing when needed and will even contact you at home if necessary to discuss any problems or concerns. He will return your call as soon as possible. If he's not totally sure about something, he will look it up in a medical book e.g.- The physician's Desk Reference or other source. He's awsome.  		3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	Dr. Iqbal is a wonderful Doctor. She really cares about her patients and unlike other doctors I have run into at Kaiser, she has NO problem ordering tests, even expensive ones if she thinks there is a chance it will help. If you are in distress physically she will squeeze you in same day appointments. She will take as long a time with you as she thinks you need, she doesn't do the whole ten minutes in and out thing like some doctors at Kaiser. Anyway, just a really good, caring, nice person and I highly reccomend her. I have changed all my family over to her care.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
24	-1	I hoped to see a board certified kidney doctor but after my visit I found out this doctor was no longer board certified.  Kaiser needs to have a policy to have all of their specialists to maintain their board status.  Kaiser needs to be held responsible for providing poor service.  	3	1	1	2 	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
24	-1	Interesting that Dr Inokuchi doesn't mention her prior employment at California Pacific Medical Center where I first met her as a patient. She burned her bridges there apparently before she became head of the now closed Kaiser kidney transplant program. She completely botched that job! She is very callous, seemingly uncaring, authoritative, doesn't listen to me and cuts me off when I'm trying to explain a problem I'm having. I used to hear that if you are a doctor and can't find a job you can always find a job at Kaiser. I think that may be true.  She sucks! 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
24	-1	She is the mastermind behind the Kaiser transplant program.  The only reason she is still in business is because individual doctors do not get sued at Kaiser.  She''s got a silver tongue and is a good actor.  Watch out!  She cannot be trusted. 	2	2	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
25	0	This doctor is the biggest trip. She is 45-60 minutes late every time, and will justify it by saying she is the boss, so it's okay. She talks about herself and all of her personal problems. She puts peoples lives in jeopardy. 	3	1	1	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	. VERY EASY TO TALK TO, VERY HELPFUL AND PUTS YOU IN A COMFORTABLE ENVIRONMENT!; ABOUT HER BREAKING DOCTOR CLIENT CONF, I DON'T THINK SO! COME BACK DOC!! 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	Dr. Ingram is amazing, highly trained, well experienced and compassionate.  She very quickly in a few sessions helped me saved myself from a very destructive and harmful relationship.  She has the ability to put her patients in a place where the patient can almost immediately let the guards down and open up quickly to discuss the nitty gritty of current mental and social adjustment issues.  She uses her training in medical psychiatry and classical psychoanalyst methods to guide you through to a place where you can sort out your issues logically and clearly.  I think the most important thing is to trust her and let her take you to that place where you are safe and weed through the issues objectively.  I adored her when I was her patient and would not hesitate to see her again.  	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
25	-1	First appointment with her, she broke doctor patient confidentiality and disclosed information regarding 3 of her clients. A male, his mate, and the male(s) deceased father and discussed things regarding there relationship, the death and particulars and aspects of these people.  I had known the male briefly and had not had contact with the person in 2 yrs prior, and did not ask for this information nor did I know ne of this info she divulgde nor did I encourage her to continue on her rant.  She broke her hypocratic oath, violated HIPAA laws and possibly violated my infomation with these indivuals as I was told she has a personal relationship with her patients outside her office, which is extremely UNPROFESSIONAL, in which she discusses other patients with them as well. Do you really want a doctor who speaks about your sessions with other people, and goes out with other patients and discusses your cases with them as well&#63; 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	A superlative, well rounded psychiatrist, whose primary goal is the betterment of her patients mental health.  She devotes her time, energies and vast knowledge to bring aid, comfort, and healing to those who desperately need her services.  Her bedside manner is reminiscent of &quot;docs&quot; of years past, while her knowledge of treatment modalities and medications are second to none.  She may well have saved my life....at least that which is worthy of my own dedication and efforts.  She has opened doors that I thought were closed.  How she did this,,,,I''m not totally sure....I just know the positive results in the quality of my life.  Dr. Ingram is a Doctor's Doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
25	1	Found her to be down to earth, kind, and very protective of personal informtion. She is willing to have a smaller practice, refusing worker's comp to maintain that confidentiality.  She is sometimes late because she will take the extra time with a client, if needed, over and above the scheduled &quot;hour&quot;. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	0	The doctor herslelf is very good it's the billing staff that made me request my records and find someone else.  	1	4	1	5 	Insurance:Anthem
27	1	He may seem like a boring dull guy with a dead personality but he is actually good at treating us. But it also depends on what you have because he is best at treating certain illnesses such as anxiety, nervousness, worrying, and ADD or ADHD disorders. So if he was unhelpful to you it may be because your disorder was not in his field of expertise. He is best at treating disorders related in those areas. He is especially good at helping people with OCD. He is the psychiatrist to go to if you have OCD. He has treated so many OCD patients for so long, for so many years so he knows a lot about it. And if he wasn't very helpful to you it might also be that because he is a psychiatrist, not a therapist so he couldn't know much about talk treatment. All he can do is help by prescribing medication and all he could possibly know is the different medications and there effects.So if you found him to be lousy, it's probably because your illness was not in his special field that he's good at.  	 8/14/11	3	4	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	1	He may seem like a boring guy with a dead personality but he is actually good at treating us. But it also depends on what you have because he is best at treating certain illnesses. He specializes in anxiety, nervousness, worrying, and ADD or ADHD disorders. So if he was unhelpful to you it may be because your disorder was not in his field of expertise. He is best at treating disorders related in those areas. He is especially good at helping people with OCD. He is the psychiatrist to go to if you have OCD. He has treated so many OCD patients for so long, for so many years so he knows a lot about it. And if he wasn't very helpful to you it might also be that because he is a psychiatrist, not a therapist so he couldn't know much about talk treatment. All he can do is help by prescribing medication and all he could possibly know is the different medications and there effects. So if you found him to be lousy, it's probably because your illness was not in his special field that he's good at.  	 8/10/11	2	5	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	1	He was very knowlegable and helpful.  He put me on meds that no other psych has put me on and it has been great.  He collects antique TV's in his office which is cool and like like his quirkiness.  I highly recommend.He cracks me up.  :) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	Dr. Ioacopi is incredibly knowledgeable and experienced. He listens well in order to gain an understanding of what's going on, but he is not some new grad practitioner who overly values pigeonholing people into categories at the expense of treating the underlying pscyhophysiology, especially in the initial visits. He is a psychiatrist MD, and does not get into psychotherapy with you beyond collaborating for an effective course of medication, at least until he sees how that changes things. He has a lifetime of experience. He knows exactly how all the new and old medications function, and helped me right away from the first visit. A very nice person. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
27	-1	Spent 5 minutes with me and gave me an antidepressant. I asked him about other stuff like therapy, nutrition, blood tests, etc.  He told me to forget all that, take the drug and get on with my life.  He was rude, had no bedside manner, is not concerned with helping people and not knowledgeable.  He should not be allowed to practice medicine.  The drug he gave me absolutely sent my panic attacks through the roof.  He then suggested I may be bi-polar.  He loosely threw out different diagnosis' and wanted to just keep trying different drugs. 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
28	-1	.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
29	1	Simply... then best!!!!! He wrote up an 11 page evaluation on my partner and our Neurosurgeon said it was the best eval he has seen!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
29	1	I gave doctor Ingalls high rating because he is very decdicated to his profession and his patients, he is equally concerned about his patients as individuals not as projects or cases. He is a very knowledgeable and helpful.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
30	1	Never a complaint from my two boys when we have had to visit Dr. Dave, staff is pleasant, kids love being able to watch a movie during long procedures.  Plus, he has a fully stocked minifridge in the waiting room! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
30	1	Going to the dentist isn't fun, but Dr. Dave and his staff make the experience as pleasant as possible. They remind you that you should be flossing every day, but they don't make you feel like a scolded child. Massage chairs and watching DVD's during procedures also helps.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	1	I had Dr. Incerpi when I was pregnant with my son in 2004. He is a great doctor. I went thru a scary pregnancy issues before I met him like a medically neccessary termination and a miscarriage. He kept postive throughout the pregnancy and never said any negative words.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
31	1	Dr. Incerpi is the most personable, comforting doctor I've found. I had a very scary pregnancy, and I left his office feeling over the moon every time. It's hard to find a doctor who seems to really care as much as Dr Incerpi. As far as knowledge...he's the best.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	1	Dr. Incerpi has outstanding bedside manners and is very knowledgeable. He takes the time to explain everything in great detaik. I recommend him wothout hesitation.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	1	OVERPRICED AND UNHELPFUL.  CHECK OTHER DOCTORS IN THE AREA.  DOCTOR SCHEDULED ONE PROCEDURE WITH ME AND THEN DID A COMPLETELY DIFFERENT PROCEDURE AND DICTATED TO THE NURSE THE ORIGINAL PROCEDURE.  SCARY.. 	2	3	2	5 	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	Dr. Ihara works for Kaiser Permanente located in Fontana Medical Clinic in California. This man is a true specialist who cares for the lives of his patients. If you truly are looking for a gynocologist, this is the doctor that you may want to try out - you will be more than happy that this man took care of your needs. Women looking for a maternity doctor, this is the man that I would highly recommend to you. He saved my wife's life - my wife had a tubal pregnancy. The other physician's had not been able to assist my wife - until I ran into Dr. Ihara by accident. But the Doctor isn't an accicent himself; he's a rescuer. Very caring, knowlegeable, and a great listener to his patients' needs. God bless this man and his family.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
34	1	He is the best.  I have been going to this office for over 30 yrs.  They are the best.  Very professional, fast and they take the time you need.  He looks for ways to  help you rather than pull the tooth. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	Dr. Inouye was beyond professional and very wonderful with my nervous foster daughter. She took good care of her and handled her situation perfectly. Thank you to the office for taking good care of us and handling our needs.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
36	1	I like the doctor but her office staff are horrible.  They never answer the phone and take days to return your calls if you leave a message.  I called on 11/1 to make an appointment and was told the 1st available is Jan. 19th..... ridiculous! 	1	2	4	5 	Insurance:Aetna
36	1	She is a wonderful Doctor. She care and gives you time to talk to her.   Sometines she is alittle behind but you know that she has given the same care to someone eles as she gives to you 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Secure Horizons
37	0	If you don't mind feeling rushed, like your question isn't important and that you are just another patient to get in and out, then by all means, see Dr. Im.  	4	3	2	4 	Insurance:CIGNA
37	1	Dr. Im is patient, personable and extremely knowledgable--without being condescending.  He truly cares about his patients.  I highly recommend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Pacificare
37	1	I have been seen Dr. Im for the last 10 or so years even though I live 40 min. away.  The group is great, always helpful, and don't feel rushed.  	5	4	5	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
37	1	He performed an outpatient surgery on me.  I was very satisfied with the results. He also goes to Haiti regularly to care for the poor. He is a good hearted physician who cares for people. He is a good man.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	1	Great caring doctor.  She and her staff have taken really good care of my son.  I could not ask for a better doctor. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	I highly recommend Dr. Imahara. He never rushed me or misled me in any way during any of my office visits prior to surgery. He was very responsive to my questions, explained everything in detail, and right before surgery he was warm, reassuring, and made me laugh! Dr.  Imahara did a great job!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
39	1	Very meticulous and knowledgeable --excellent doctor! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	Excellent surgeon, well trained in plastic and reconstructive surgery. Very friendly and easy to talk to about any questions or concerns. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
40	0	His office staff tends to be rude. He is very pleasant, but I didn't feel too confident about his diagnosis.  	2	3	3	3 	Insurance:Anthem
40	1	Dr. Iqbal has been our family doctor since he opened his practice in the Conejo Valley.  I've always found him to be kind, caring, and knowledgeable.  He prefers to try and treat things with diet, exercise and other holistic approaches before prescribing medications; which is something I value.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	-1	awful experience with this doctor.  found him to be rude, arrogant, not helpful.  he would not answer my questions and told me &quot;my appointment was over&quot; and left me in the patient room.  he told me to talk to the nurse if i had other questions.  his staff cancelled my appt twice.  his nurse would not return phone calls.  avoid this dr at all costs. 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	Exceptionally caring and communicative. Doesn't rush through appointments and allows for long explanations and questions. A Dr. who listens to his patients.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
41	1	I love this dr. He has been my family's pediatrician for 12 years. I have 4 children the pediatrician to all of them. I had to switch for a short time when I moved years ago but within a year I switched back its worth the drive and I did not find the same quality elsewhere. He is attentive and kind. My children love him, are not afraid to go to the doctors, actually look forward to seeing him. I find he doesn't give unnecessary information and confuse you by bombarding you with info. But rather gives the necessary information you need. He is very open to hearing you out when you have concerns, and very good about explaining things to you when you need. I love this doctor...and his staff (which has been with him since I have been there) is great also. The staff gets you in quickly and I have yet to have to wait long to see him.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
42	1	Dr. Infantino is a very good dentist. However, my big complaint about him is that he upsells you on services. In other words, why fill a cavity when you can do a crown&#63; He does very good work but you will end up paying for it. He told my wife she needed a crown. She went to another dentist who told her a simple filling is all that is necessary.  	4	3	4	4 	Insurance:Pacificare
43	1	Dr. Ing has been a beloved family doctor for years, he saved our baby's life.  Our baby had severe bronchitis (other Dr.s told us there was nothing wrong), and we went to Dr. Ing and he treated our infant with respiratory therapy that gave our baby immediate relief.  We were so grateful to be taken seriously, and to have our baby enjoy a full recovery!!! Dr. Ing has treated me for severe allergies that now years after his allergy shot series I have nearly no allergy symptoms at all.  He has treated our entire family, my mother, father, brother and his young family with tender special care.  We owe our lives to Dr. Ing, and wish him all the best life has to offer ~ he as given so much to our family. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
43	-1	This Dr. showed up 40 minutes late to the appointment for my son. We saw him walk in from the parking lot long after we had arrived. After finally getting into the room with the Dr. he questioned my knowledge about MY son's health and continued to tell me that he could not do the allergy test that we were there for because my son was not old enough to sit still. We are now going to see a new allergist. I will never take my son to this man again and would not recommend him for anyone. It's time this 77 year old man retired.  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Tricare
44	1	They have provided the best dental care for our family. We have recommended them to many people and will continue to do so in the future.  Good rates as well 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
45	1	Great dentist ... I recommend Dr. Ibrahim as she knows what she is doing ... Greets you with and wonderful smile and you won't feel a thing ... This is one of the dental offices that is similar to a 5-star hotel ...  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
46	1	Very nice doctor. He's very knowledgeable and takes time with you to answer all the questions. Only bad thing is that I never liked the staff.  	2	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
47	1	Helped me so much I would go back again! Very experience, great manners, knows what he is doing and trust worthly. High recommended.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
47	-1	I wouldn't recommend thus doctor to anyone if my life depended on it!!! If only I had better health insurance I would have more options. The doc himself seemed some what knowledgeable but leaves you with the feeling of someone trying to sell something to you. For the lazy receptionist she is extremely rude , very unorganized and under qualified to even answer the phone!! 	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
47	1	Dr.Iqbal is the best pain doctor that I have gone to. He listens to you and treats you like a person. He takes his time with you and makes sure that you are satisfied before you leave. I have been to several doctors and, I do say that he is the best. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
47	1	Dr. Babar Iqbalis a very knowledgeable man with great staff. His office is located in a brand new building next to a pharmacy and parking is 20 feet from his front door, he treats me like I'm his only patient I rate him a 10, all the other Drs.  I've seen for pain management, I'd rate 1 to 4 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
48	0	Dr. Madu also has an office in Orange, California. Office staff is very helpful and friendly. However, MD does not have enough knowledge on diabetes. Would not recommend her as a diabetic physician.  	5	4	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	1	Very professional, very efficient, both staff and doctor. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	Extremely Knowledgable in liver disease and treatments. Has no problem explaining details and options for treatment. Unlike other physicians I have encountered, she will taylor your treatment to specific needs.  Awsome!! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
50	1	During my visit I felt that I was treated very well.I would absolutely recommend this doctor to my family and friends.  I felt this visit was an amazing success!Overall I would rate this visit : outstanding! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
51	1	 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	I've been going to this doctor for 20 years, and I'm very satisfied with the service I've received. He's careful, explains everything in terms I can understand, and correctly referred me to a specialist when he saw something unusual. Highly recommended. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	Dr. Indelicato was great. He put my comfort ahead of everything. It was well worth my time and money. I appreaciate everything they did for me. Thank you! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	Wonderful dr. Very friendly.I went to him thinking I had allergy, but he quickly diagnosed me as having dry skin. I was very impressed that he turned me loose so quickly....  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
54	1	What can I say LOVE!LOVE!LOVE this doctor. Makes sure my medicines are in order and I have enough of my asthma meds when I leave his office even goes as far to make sure I'm not coming down with pneumonia during the cold season gets me on antibiotics in a finger snap.  I called him one time to call in meds for pneumonia literally 10 mins later my meds where at the pharmacy.  It's also something else when you go to pick up your meds and it just so happens the pharmacist and some patients of his are standing in line talking about what a great doctor he is.  I have to say that put a big smile on my face.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
55	1	DR. RAYMOND IMATANI HELPED ME IN FLORENCE, S.C. WHEN I HAD TO HAVE EMERGENCY SURGERY ON 9-12-07. I BELIEVE THAT HE IS AN EXCELLENT DOCTOR. I MAY HAVE NOT BEEN ABLE TO WALK AGAIN IF IT WASN'T FOR HIS HELP. NOW, (2-01-08) I HAVE YET TO SEE A REAL DOCTOR SINCE HE LEFT IN NOV. I CAN SAY THAT NO DOCTOR'S IN FLORENCE, S.C. HAVE HELPED ME SINCE HE WENT BACK HOME TO CA. DR. IMATANI WORKED WITH ME AND MADE ME FEEL VERY COMFORTABLE WITH HIS DECISIONS. I REALLY WISH I CAN FIND HIM AGAIN, TO GET  HIS OPINION ON MY SITUATION NOW. TO ANYONE THAT MAY READ THIS PLEASE TAKE MY OPINION INTO CONSIDERATION. I HAD A MAJOR SURGERY DONE AND I AM WALKING NOW THANKS TO HIM.    SUSAN ABUELHAJ FLORENCE, S.C. 	1	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
55	-1	Dr. Raymond J. Imatani does not have malpractice insurance, a fact not disclosed to my husband before operating on him to repair a ruptured quadricep muscle.  		1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
56	0	I do not even know why I went back to this doctor.  I saw him a couple of years ago and at that time found him to be cold, abrupt and dismissive.  He did not ask me once3 why I was there.  The woman who called me back was extremely pleasant and seemed to care.  I had to wait over an hour and ended up spending a total of 2 hours there.  I think he has too heavy of a schedule and treats the patients like cattle.  He is in and out of the room in just a couple of minutes.  He said he would refer me to a retina specialist but did not explain why&#63;&#63;&#63;  I will never go there again, nor would I recommend him to anyone! 	5	1	1	5 	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	Dr. Ierardi is a great physician and really knows his stuff.  He's also a genuinely nice guy (a little quirky, but definitely a good guy).  He just takes wayyyy too long with each patient and I've always had really long wait times no matter what days/times I make my appointments.  A wait in a doctor's office is expected, but sometimes I would wait 2 or more hours to be called back, then wait another hour or so more in the exam room.  I ended up switching doctors because I just couldn't waste so much time waiting around.  	4	1	4	4 	Insurance:Pacificare
58	1	He is an excellent doctor. He is very detailed and knows his stuff. We have seen many chiropractors and he is the best we have been too. He really cares about you. The staff is friendly and it is a family environment. We love going there.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
58	1	When my sciatica flared up, I could barely walk.  My co-workers had to help me get into my car.  Later that day, I had my appointment with Dr. Iannacone.  His treatment worked wonders and I felt wonderful.  He gave me some exercises to do at home.  After one more appointment, I was back at 100%.  I've seen Dr. Iannacone about twice a year for the past 5 years and have had a great experience every time. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
59	1	What a wonderful man.  When all the other doctors were doing nothing but scaring me with talk of diabetes he was able to treat it and I am back to living a normal healthy life. 	2	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
59	1	Professional and informative.  Takes time with patients.  Caring and reassuring.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
59	1	Dr. Illa is an internist which specializes in diabetes treatment, using a new protocol devised by him. Many of his concepts are different than the accepted American Diabetes Association standards, but has helped many who were getting no benefit from the ADA plan. He has written a book, called &quot;The Illa Protocol&quot; about this new approach of his, which is in it's third edition and can be found on Amazon.com. He is the best diabetes doctor I've had in 20+ years. He really knows his stuff.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
60	1	Dr. Ingersoll is fine, but it seems as though the office is too busy and he has too many patients.  Every time I call, there is significant time on hold before speaking to anybody.  I've found Dr. Ingersoll to be attentive and nice but he does seem rushed most times.  When you are not in his presence, you will only be dealing with other office staff for follow-up.  I have a family member that thinks very highly of him, but I have never felt like he was totally in tune with me.  	2	2	3	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
60	1	I have seen Dr. Ingersol for 6 years now, I moved from Santa Barbara 4 years ago and have continued to drive there just for him. I would definately recommend him. But now it is time to find another doctor in Santa Clarita - I am on the hunt for a Dr. as good as him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
60	1	I love Dr.Ingersoll. He has always been compassionate, well spoken & caring. He was my doctor for 3 years and I would not have traded him for my weight in gold&#61514;. I am having a tough time finding a doctor in Pasadena as kind and knowledgeable as he was.  I would still drive to Santa Barbara to get my check-ups if gas wasn't so high! 		3	5	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
60	-1	This guy was a huge jerk. Absolutely terrible. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
60	0	this guy called me fat, and he has a huge gut himself, much bigger than mine! 		2	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
61	-1	I've been very disappointed with this doctor Ibanez. I chose her as my doctor (because she spoke a language from my country). However, she's been trying to avoid her patients. She has a low retention of patients, meaning they don't last due to bad service. She's not much of a family doctor, she's more like a dermatologist as her clinic highly advertises skin products. I wouldn't recommend her, and I'm switching doctors.  Avoid at all cost. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
61	-1	She is responsible for to many patients and is not available when you are having complications or side effects to medications.  Did not get a call back for 2 work days, so I call and she is out of the country.  With no doctor to cover her patients, and to go to urgent care.  	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	1	Dr.Ildesa has been my doctor for about 3 years now, and I can't say enough good things about her.  She really listens to her patients concerns and shows great compassion.  I was recommended to her by a friend and have since recommended her to others.  At this point in time I have no medical insurance, but still go see Dr.Ildesa with any major concern I might have regarding my health, and always feel more at ease when I leave.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
62	1	This was my wifes doctor at first.  Then after seeing the treatment my wife was getting, I decided to switch to her back in 2001.  What a great desicion.  She really is attentive to your needs.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	1	Best doctor I have ever seen, I drive 35 minutes just to go see her. I would strongly recommend her to anyone who is sick and tired of doctors who dont listen or care. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
63	-1	In a C-Section consultation she turns down talking about C-Sections & really pushes Vaginal delivery. Makes you think that she does not know how to do a C-Section. She trys to hard to push you into having it her way & not your decision.  	4	3	2	2 	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
64	1	We have had Dr. Glenn for 10 years now. he is always an e-mail away, prompt, knowledgable and very helpful.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
64	1	Dr. Irani was the best doctor my son ever had. I am very happy we found him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
64	1	Dr. Glenn is caring, brilliant, and compassionate. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	I can always email Dr. Glenn with non-urgent pediatric related questions and he always replies back within an hour or so.  Their after-hour phone service is great when your kid gets sick enough for you to be concerned: An assigned doctor from the clinic will give you a callback. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
65	-1	This doctor is heartless and arrogant.  We left and found a doctor who would operate timely.  Dr. Imler had a vacation and his partners were all scheduled.  It was good we left.  The new surgeon did a more complete procedure than Dr. Imler advocated.  	3	3	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	-1	I was scheduled for an appt and had to wait 1 1/2 hours and was told this was the standard. I then had a scheduled procedure that was rescheduled by mail one day before the procedure (no phone call)and the time was changed which was not indicated on the letter. My rescheduled procedure was at 7am, I did not get called for prep until 9:30am only to be taken for vitals and insurance info. I was taken back to the waiting room until 11:30pm, then I was given a gown and shown a bed. My procedure was about 45 minutes,the surgery staff was helpful and nice. I was taken to the waiting room around 1pm. The problem is the front office (which are very rude and not helpful) do not speak to the surgery staff. My ride was never called, I had to call my ride when I was in the waiting room. Dr. Ibarra does not care either. He saw me only 5 minutes at the first appt and was on the phone when I was wheeled in for the procedure feel like this office preys on immigrants and does not value their time.  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	1	The BEST upper cervical chiropractor! Dr. Ibe is very knowledgeable, informative, and truly cares about your health and well-being.  He is very personable, friendly, and down-to-earth!  I don't know what I would do without Dr. Ibe - my overall health has improved tremendously after being under his care. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Inadomi's for almost 10 years now and he is really the best.  He always takes the time to talk to you, returns calls quickly, and genuinely cares about my health.  I would highly recommend him to anyone looking in the Torrance area for a doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
68	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Inadomi for almost 10 years. He is prompt, very informative, takes the time you need with him and has referred me to good specialists when I need it.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	1	Dr Inadomi was referred to me by a friend who is also a physician.  I am so happy that I took his recommendation.  Dr Inadomi has a great &quot;bedside manner&quot; and it was amazing to actually find a doctor who spends time with you to fully understand your medical history.  I highly recommend Dr Inadomi. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	Dr. Inadomi is not only one of best nephrologist in the area, he's one of the best doctors in Southern California. Period. His endless wealth of knowledge and gentle care for all of his patients makes him a truly special breed that is difficult to find these days. He merits my highest recommendatio 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	I had to change my dentist and was refered to Dr.Infante I was glad to see that she did not strap my daughters down which is what most have done before. She spoke to them and let them know what she was doing. They are fine with going to the dentist now. That makes me schedule their checkups more often. 	4	4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
69	-1	This is the worst dentist I have ever been to. She is rude and prone to anger. I went in to get my x-rays. That's all I wanted. She looked at my x-rays and then proceeded to schedule a bunch of expensive procedures without consulting me. When I told her that I wanted more information before I decided she got huffy and rude saying that she was the dentist and I needed to do what she said. I left. Later, I came back in to get my x-rays to take to another dentist and she refused to give them to me. She handed me a little piece of paper that she had printed out with tiny images of my teeth. I told her I needed my real x-rays to take to my dentist. She told me she had destroyed them and not to take that tone with her and to get out of her office. When I went to my new dentist, they called her up to get the x-rays and she was rude and uncooperative. She refused to email them that day.  This is a terrible dentist and I would not let someone with such a bad anger problem work on my teeth. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	Dr Julia Ireland is quite simply the most humanitarian, compassionate, knowledge, professional physician I have had as a GP. During chemo for KS, she gave me total assurance I would win and I did. I have been astounded by the quality of life she has given me through her depth and breadth of knowledge of nutrition and other holistic treatments, as well as her consistent attention to the most up-to-date medications and awarenes of developments in the most cutting-edge studies on HIV/AIDS. When I enountered every possible horrific side-effect from the chemo she had a solution for every one of them. No other physician I have had in my 12-year battle with AIDS has made me feel so fully assured that I was in the best of hands. I am most impressed with her open-mindedness, her willingness to learn from any and every reliable source, various means of managing the seemingly unmanabeable illness that is AIDS. I appreciate her warmth and compassion, and her wonderful sense of humor as well. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
71	1	I do not know why the person that was opposed to her youthful looks it just added to the experience. She is a competent dentist and she told me she has been practicing for 11 years. I felt so comfortable and was very impressed by her knowledge. She taught me things about my teeth that I never learned in the last 35 years. I brought my whole family in and they all loved her. I highly recommend her to my friends and coworkers. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
71	1	This was my first dental checkup since I retired from the USAF and it ws the best experience Ive had regarding my teeth since I was a small child. I recommend her to all my friends and family. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	Dawn Ingram of the Union City Kaiser is one of the best doctors I've ever had in my entire life. She has an amazing skill with psychotherapy and is incredibly insightful. I learned things about myself that I never knew.  (MJE) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
73	1	Dr. Helen Im's office and staff are among the most educated, congenial &amp; accomodating health care professionals found anywhere - they are truly amazing!  What immediately impressed me was the attention to detail: not only in her office (a state-of-the-art facility that is welcoming like a home rather than a clinic) but also in her extensive up to date training, her bedside manner, and the exceptional quality of work she does. She is extremely knowledgable and yet has a way of putting one at ease with her down-to-earth approachability. Her team members are cheerful and always willing to go the extra mile (and the extra smile!). She is willing to spend a lot of time giving explanations and answers all my questions. She will consult other specialists as well if she doesn't have the answer. Thank you Dr. Im for taking such good care of me and for your professionalism. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
74	1	Fantastic doctor really knows his stuff. I would highly recommend him to anyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
75	-1	Misses serious illnesses with obvious symptoms. Does not follow through with patients to make sure they are taking steps towards their own care. 	3	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
75	0	Didn't seem interested in listening to me, not friendly/bad bedside manner, acted rushed (both times I saw him), preached 'diet and exercise'. Got the impression he didn't think I knew what I was talking about in relation to a condition I've had a lloong time. Not recommended. 	4	3	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
76	1	Very helpful.  He correctly diagnosed an issue that was missed by the ER doctor that first saw me.  He was very conservative about surgery, making approriate suggestions for alternate therapies an only suggesting it as a last resort when all other options failed due to the original misdiagnosis.  He expalined all x-rays, MRI's and CT scans so I could see what was going on and understand it.  He appropriately pushed the workman's comp carrier to approve physical therapy when they were dragging their feet about it.  Very personable.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
76	1	I had a diagnosis made on my ankles, along with X-rays and MRI 45&quot; per ankle, in a city across CA, by an orthopedic specialist.  After I moved to this area,a local MD misread both the X-Ray and the MRI's as &quot;normal&quot;.  as normal. This physician read them accurately, and patiently went through sheets of the MRI on a light-board.  He was totally accurate and most patient.  That was my experience of the visit.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
76	-1	Terrible outcome on surgery. His negligence and poor sterile techniques  led to infection, excruciating pain and permanent disability. His inexperience and greed led to further surgery, bankrupted me and half a year to get back on my feet. I am looking into a group lawsuit. Please email me with your experience. brokenfeet@yahoo. com 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
76	-1	Miserable experience. He routinely coded insurance for services not provided, and billed me for them. I notified my insurance co. and they researched it and had the claims reversed! He tried to charge me $10 for a piece of tape and said, &quot;Someone's got to pay for it.&quot; And he botched my surgery. I am now with a new Dr. trying to repair my foot.  Take heed and find another opinion! 	 8/19/10	1	1	1	Insurance:CIGNA
76	-1	Terrible experience. I should have read the reviews before considering surgery with Inlow. Inlow has the bedside manner of a snake in hibernation. He does not review notes. Rushes everything but always makes room for big mistakes. My new Doctor has to clean up the damage he has caused. I signed his disclaimers so no recourse but to never go to this quack again.  	 7/30/10	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
76	1	DR. INLOW IS A WONDERFUL PODIATRIST! HE IS SO NICE AND EXPLAINS EVERYTHING TO ME. I AM HARD OF HEARING AND I KNOW HE HAD TO TAKE A LONG TIME WITH ME, BUT HE WAS VERY ATTENTIVE. HE'S SO SMART AND HIS STAFF IS KIND AND CARING. THE ONLY COMPLAINT I HAVE IS THE WAIT. I HAD TO WAIT A LONG TIME TO BE SEEN BECAUSE HE WAS SO BUSY. HE WAS WORTH THE WAIT THOUGH. GO SEE THIS DOCTOR HE IS THE BEST. HIS SISTER PRACTICES IN THE OFFICE TOO AND SHE SEEMS VERY SWEET. FROM CLARICE ~ A CARMEL RESIDENT.  	5	2	4	5 	Insurance:Medicare
76	1	Impatient and does not write notes for employment until under the knife. Is not sympathetic to pain and undermedicates pain. Does not reccomend physical therapy.  	3	5	3	4 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
76	-1	overcharges your insurance and he is surgery happy. has very little patience when talking to patients who want second opinions. thumbs down! 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
76	1	Very personable physician. He reallys cares about his patients.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
77	1	Very experienced Dentist. He knows what he is doing. Very very friendly and patient. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
77	1	Wonderful Dr and staff. very helpful and kind. answered all questions and listened! very calming. highly recommend tis dentist.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
78	1	I can't speak highly enough of Dr. Improta and his staff!  I don't think I've ever waited more than five minutes after arriving for an appointment.  Everyone working in the office has always been so kind and helpful.  Dr. Improta is probably the most warm and caring doctor I have ever met.  He truly cares about giving you the best result and explains everything very thoroughly.  I needed to have multiple procedures done on my face due to significant lines and other signs of aging.  It was so bad that he knew he could not give me perfect results.  However, the results I got were amazing!  His work is conservative and very natural looking.  I don't look like Joan Rivers or some freaky cat woman!   I have received so much positive feed back.  Many friends have asked me for his phone number so they can schedule a consult too.  I would highly recommend Dr. Improta and his staff for any procedure you might be considering.  At least take advantage of the free consult to see for yourself. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	Dr. Improta (and his partner in practice, Dr. Schwatrz) are wonderful! They approach the WHOLE patient! I initially had my breast reduction with Dr. Improta several years ago. My insurance covered ALL of it! Subsequently, I had some small cosmetic procedures done. I have had upper eye lift and some Botox and Restalyn injections along with an Obagi &quot;Blue Peel&quot;. I did have a complication with my breast surgey, NOT the doctor's fault! A complication that they could NOT have anticipated, yet they did not &quot;freak-out&quot; and begin to act in a &quot;protective&quot; way (as most doctors do, thinking you're going to sue them!) From what I understand, these doctors have NEVER been sued for malpractice (I could be wrong). But I can understand why. Their patients KNOW that these doctors DO act in the patient's BEST INTEREST! It's when doctor's DON'T is when patients become upset. I would recommend these WONDERFUL doctors to ANYONE!!! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	Very proffessional, top notch, results are incredible Office staff are knowledgable, friendly and efficient. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	This is one of the finest dentists in Southern California.  He has been my dentist for over 15 years and is a true perfectionist in his work. Always a perfect gentleman and a great dentist who I highly recommend.  This in my opinion is the best of the best when it comes to dentists.  Highly skilled in veneers, porcelain jackets and crowns.  A true Dental artist.  Always on time and a great staff to assist him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
79	-1	I'm not a fan at all. He gave me a filling that, i found out later, wasn't done well. I almost had to get a root canal in it but luckily left him for another dentist who fixed it.  I have no proof but i'm fairily certain he would  run up my billing with unnecessary procedures. 	3	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
80	-1	My experience with this doctor has been lower than any of the doctors that I have been forced to suffer in Africa.  His bathroom contains no soap or lights, and has standing water on the ground.  Although Dr. Iofel may speak Lithuanian and Russian (and possibly Hebrew or Yiddish), his medicalcommand of English is flawed. He referred to my elbow as my shoulder, and continued to do so even after I corrected him.  Thank god I only went in for a physical, and that nothing was seriously wrong.  I sincerely recommend that you try another physician if you have the chance.  	1	4	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
81	1	Great Doctor, takes the time to answer questions and Susan her nurse is great too!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	I am so pleased and fortunate that my son directed me to Dr. Iem.  She has been so helpful and understanding especially considering my age (89) and my condition (Alzheimer's).  I would highly recommend Dr. Iem to anyone looking for a GP that is caring and knowledgeable in a broad sense of the term. I am looking forward to my next visit.  	4	5	4	4 	Insurance:Tricare
82	1	stay away, she is not knowledgeable and can't make a decision. she misdiagnosed my problem... i change doctors and my new one new immediately what was wrong 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
83	1	Dr. Iinuma was always the most helpful and knowledgable doctor.  His compassion was beyond compare.  When leaving his office, I always felt as though things had been taken care of very thoroughly.  He was always professional and friendly at the same time.  My husband and I both had him for our doctor and are sad that we moved from the area and had to change insurance companies, thus leaving Dr. Iinuma.  We know he is irreplacable and we miss him!  I rate him the highest and recommend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
83	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
84	-1	.  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
84	0	Takes multiple phone calls to get staff to fax anything or follow through &amp; Dr. Ippoliti doesn't return emails or phone calls.  I'm sure he's super busy but he's just not there for his patients nor is he supportive of trying anything outside of meds.  	1	2	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
85	-1	The staff on the phone was extremely unhelpful. She said that I had changed doctors when I had never done so, so that I cannot make an appointment. She had trouble finding a simple name as well, because the last name and first name was switched. Although the doctor herself was okay. Th staff is something I don't want to deal with anymore. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
85	-1	This was the worst doctor I've ever had. It was a huge hassle just to get an appointment because of the poor staff and had to get the insurance company on the phone just to have her even listen to me. The next appointment I tried to schedule, her staff then told me I was not a patient of hers and hung up on me. I would never recommend her.  	1	3	2	2 	Insurance:HealthPartners
86	1	Dr Imani, Cindy,Janice,and Dr. Kathleen are all very helpful the wait time can be a little long but trust me it is worth it once you walk in there you will know why they take a little long thats because they make sure they address all your issues and you leave their office better then when you came in this office never fails to make me happy please if you suffer from depression or anything else give them a call you wont regret it         -Johnnie  :) 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
86	0	 	2	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	I brought my 6 y/o son to Dr. Imani because he is mildly autistic with ADHD and other psychiatrists in the area had not been very helpful. Dr. Imani's own son has mild retardation and ADHD, so he knows what its like to raise a special needs child. He listened to the concerns I had and was great with my son. He prescribed an excellent combination of medications and my son has improved significantly. The only thing is that Dr. Imani requests that my husband and I both be present during my sons appointment and sometimes he asks questions that seem a little too personal. Also, he has a very heavy middle eastern accent which makes him difficult to understand and he is usually running an hour or so behind, otherwise he is as good as you will find the Antelope Valley.  	5	1	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
87	1	EXCELLENT DOCTOR I FEEL VERY COMFORTABLE WITH HIM HE TAKES THE TIME TO EXPLAIN THINGS IN A SIMMPLIFIED WAY 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	Dr. Ilic is very professional and has a great deal of regarding the medical field.  She is also very understanding and always takes the time to fully understand the issue/problem I am dealing with.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
88	1	Dr Ilic was very professional and helpful. She gave me all info that I have requested 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
88	-1	I told her about a problem I had and she said, &quot;Surely you have googled that.&quot; I felt silly for bringing up concerns. She didn't seem to take anything I said seriously. She also compared me to other patients. When I asked her about another concern I had, she said, &quot;I've never heard of anything like that. I can look it up or something if you want.&quot; (Now, granted, I am a difficult patient. I get nervous at doctors' office. I require an extremely patient doctor who is a very good listener. For a less &quot;needy&quot; patient, maybe she is fine. For me, I don't feel comfortable with her. For me, she wasn't a good match because I didn't feel like she took me seriously.) 	4	4	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	Been going to him since I was a kid and always had an enjoyable experience there. The office staff is very nice and remember your name no matter how long its been since they have seen you. Nice quiet office. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	Very courteous and efficient office staff. Dental hygienists are thorough and pleasant.  Dr. Imai is calm and personable. I never feel that he is rushing through his day. Office is very small and old but clean. It is located in an older part of town which may discourage some potential patients.  We have been seeing Dr. Imai for a few years and are very satisfied with him and his practice, and refer others to him with confidence that they will have a pleasant dental experience. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
90	1	Dr. Ihde was extremely knowledgeable and compassionate towards my needs. She really spends the time with the patient and answers any and all questions. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
90	1	Very knowledgeable and my surgery went well. However, she herself is impossible to get a hold of and you can only get her nurse. I hate doctors like that. Then the nurse doesn't always return calls. I was not told what the side-effects were going to be. Seems to me, you can find another doctor just as good with the scalpel who also is more accessible and explains the process better. (This why my &quot;helpfulness&quot; rating is middle of the road - it's an average of the great surgery with the other problems mentioned).  		4	3	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
91	0	Public Reprimand 5/18/1998   Medical Malpractice Judgement 11/04/1994 	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
92	-1	He was my doctor, but only met his once!! Never have any time to spare for any questions I had....Staff was not very nice...and transfer me out to another doctor telling me I'm at high risk when he haven't check my baby himself... 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
92	-1	He has no regard for HIPPA laws, he lies to his patients by telling them one thing to their face and another when you ask about it later. His nurse is a NIGHTMARE with no bedside manner. His office staff is the only tolerable thing about him. He never knows the answer to ANYTHING. He always has to ask someone to find out and never gets back to you!! He is a c-section doctor, so if you want a natural birth RUN AWAY!! He will slice you open the first chance he gets. His lack of regard for patient privacy is appalling. We have tested it and I have called and gotten information about friends of mine that are patients there.... just by saying I am there friend.  ITS AWFUL!! RUN RUN RUN!! There are plenty of other doctors in clovis that can meet your needs better!! 	1	5	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
92	1	he is a wonderful, caring, helpful, know his****! i was in good hands still am!!!! receptionist is wonderful. nurse really has kn ow clue about pain or medical problems. make sure you see the doctor! He's always happy & does his job! staff is ok need some work and can be sometimes moody. i love him as a doctor and does excellent laporoscopies!!!!! 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	. HE IS THE BEST BEEN WITH HIM OVER 10 YEARS VERY SAFE AND CARING CAN'T SAY ENOUGH AND HIS STAFF IS ALWAYS THE SAME NICE AND HELPFUL 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
92	1	This friendly and knowledgeable doctor saved me from the hysterectomy my previous doctor wanted to do.  A 90 second endometrial ablasion saved me! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
93	1	Dr. Imbus really helped me in my search for relief from the pain of my neuropathy as well as ruling out many possible causes.  Currently, he is the only doctor I can find that is willing to oversee my neuropathy pain management.  No other doctor I have seen has experience prescribing large amounts of medication needed to relieve me of my pain.  He has a wonderfully quirky sense of humor which is refreshing. His office staff is overworked, but wonderful.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
94	1	Dr. Imarah also volunteers his services for free for those who cannot afford to see a doctor. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
95	1	He is one of the best root canal specialists , I have been to.  he has newest technic and machine, to kill the pain during process.  I felt no pain at all.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
96	-1	 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
97	-1	This doctor is as cold as ice and is totally into himself being a dr. His ego is what drives him. If a patient questions him, he gets mad and releases them from his care. He has a very quick temper.  Go somewhere else! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
