dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	Been a patient of his for about a year and a half.Always seems invested in resolve my health issues. My questions are answered and he takes his time to find out what they are. His staff is very nice and there is a professional but comfortable atmosphere in the office. He is the only doc i know of that does house calls.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
1	-1	My friend got really sick with food poisoning she could not stand on her feet and even the slightest movement made her very nauseous. It happened that we were right next to Bijan Farah office Through great effort I walked over to the office and asked for help. After taking a quick glance at my puking friend Bijan said &quot;she will need a shot and an IV, but that will take too long and I cannot administer it right now as I am on my way to lunch. You need to drive her to a hospital&quot; I tried pleading with him as my friend was in no condition to be driven anywhere, but he just got angry with me.&quot;Doctors are people too&quot; he said &quot;and I need to eat&quot; .It took me four hours, with the &quot;tech support&quot; I was receiving over the phone from another doc to transfer suffering person several blocks up Ventura Blvd to where she finally got her shot and help. But this Bijan Farah character is no doctor! His kind of behavior is unacceptable! I am escalating this complaint through proper channels. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	very caring and wonderful doctor his office staff was great and very caring 	5	3	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	He is the most carring doctor i have ever seen in my life.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
3	1	 	3	3	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	She was great with my teen daughter.  I look forward to using her as my eye doctor in the future. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	Dr. Faerber surgically repaired my shoulder and did a fine job. Staff was great and the doc knows his stuff. Thank you Dr. Faerber 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	great doctor... very skilled.. my ankle is better than new...  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
5	-1	Very poor bedside manner.Going to see another doctor for a second opinion.Once again,VERY POOR patient interaction.Seems he would prefer being at a golf game:( 	3	1	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	seems to know alot. easy to talk to.    excellent results.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
5	-1	This &quot;doctor&quot; (who is a DO - not an MD) has terrible bedside manner, made a poor clinical decision by telling me to start weight bearing on my leg despite horrible pain.  Another orthopedist kept me off my leg for 2 more months.  He doesn't prescribe adequate pain medication and lets you suffer (despite my repeated complaints that motrin wasn't enough).  Avoid this guy completely - I wouldn't let him treat my Dog.  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
6	1	Dr. Fakinos was my doctor dealing with ovarian issues. He explains issues at a level easy to understand.  Dr. Fakinos has an incredible bedside manner.  He does do alot of follow up after hours and on weekends which is rare. Dr. Fakinos made me feel like I was the only patient he had.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
6	1	Great listener! Taking his time with a patient, no rush. Very knowledgeable. I was reffered to him by my primary physician for annual check up,..I called on Friday and next Monday got an appointment. Staff is very pleasant too. Great experience so far..  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
6	1	Dr. Fakinos is my obgyn for my twin high risk pregnancy. He is very caring and explains &amp; answers all questions. He has a kind heart  ...I recommend him 1 million %  His office staff also is very caring and make you want to keep coming back. And never want to see a different obgyn again.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
6	1	Dr. Fakinos is truly a wonderful proffesional Dr. his entire staff is a great representation of his practice. We highly reccomend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Assurant
6	1	. I love him!!  Delivered my 4 kids!  Friendly staff, listens and never makes me feel rushed! Super helpful! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
6	1	I completely agree with the other reviews. I wish I could use him as a primary MD and not just a gyn. He addressed my needs when other dr's brushed off my diagnosis. He's extremely kind and patient.  Great ofifce staff too! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
6	1	Dr. Fakinos delivered both my children.  I would recommend him highly based on his level of professionalism, knowledge, advice and caring way about him.   His staff is also the best!  ;) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	1	Dr.Fakinos is the best he deliver my 2 childs Alex and Gissell He's very profecional,he did excellent job along with he's team good blees you Dr.  and team AT Norma Garcia 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
6	1	I agree with everyone else, he is the best, he delivered my second child and he did such a good job cleaning me after the baby was born that I didn't feel any pain what so ever when the anesthesia wore off. He is very personable and so is his staff, I have been in other OB's offices and I have been left in the room for 2 hours! That will never happen at his office. He is definitely my OB of choice.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Pacificare
6	1	All i have are positive things to say about Dr. Fakinos.I unfortunetely had a miscarriage about 3 months ago and when i called him, office was closed but the operater was able to get a hold of him, he then called me back personally and guided me through the phone on waht to do, he then asked to see me ASAP. he kept checking on me(it was a weekend) he called me from his cellphone throughout the weekend to  make sure i was doing fine. I will definetely keep seeing him when i get pregnant again.  He's great! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
6	1	I agree he is a good listener and doesn't make you feel rushed.  He was only late once and that was due to delivering a baby. I would highly recommend.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
6	1	Excellent OB/GYN. Highly recommend Dr Fakinos. I have seen him now for 13 years and births of 2 children, great bedside manner and friendly private practice. Very knowledgeable and does not take risks. works out of a large well known medical center. I am a local RN and the nurses think he is one of the best physicians to work with.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	1	Great Dr.  Very helpful!  Listens to every question you have.  Does not rush you at all.  I had some questions regarding a previous sonogram and he called me back personally and answered my questions.  Best OBGYN I have ever been to.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
6	1	Nice proactive staff in the office, never had to wait for scheduled appointments. Dr. Fakinos is a good listener and you don't feel rushed throghout the appointment. He's knowledgeble, takes into consideration your opinion and works with you for the best solution. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	I just love him.. I had 4 ob/gyns before him including ones for my 1st baby. Unlike the others, he sits down with me and listens to me talk and discusses things over with me. He totally respects me as a patient. When I was 35 weeks pregnant, I went to see him as someone recommended him to me. He listened to my ideas of how I would like my baby to be born and provided his own professional knowledge. In the end, he didn't get to deliver my baby but my birth plan which we put together was strictly followed. I am completely pleased with my experience with him. He hardly made me wait everytime I went to see him. I want to have another baby just to have him as my doctor (but my husband wants no more). Also he's very very gentle. I highly recommend him to you ladies who is seeking a real caring ob/gyn.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
7	-1	Neglected one of my neighbors to the point requiring emergency treatment. Arrogant, fails to take responsibility for his actions. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	I used principal insurance. I DO recommend her to every one! Not only she is one of the best dentists I've ever met also her staff are very organized! I'm 100% happy with their service :) 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	. they excepted my cigna hmo insurance and it was one of the best experiences private office not a  clinic! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
9	1	My mom went to see Dr. Fabi for an Ulthera treatment. She looks great now! Her face looks years younger. Dr. Fabi did a great job and was really nice and helpful. My mom plans on seeing her again in the future. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	-1	This Dr. likes to be in control and does not like to be questioned about things. It seems like he does not like his job.  	2	4	1	3 	Insurance:Anthem
11	1	Dr. Fareed is very knowledgeable and was very helpful with both my shoulders.  He actually talks to you and walks you through what is wrong and helps you to get where you need to be.  I would definitely recommend him to anyone having shoulder problems. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	DR. FAREED IS THE MOST CARING DOCTOR I HAVE ENCOUNTERED. HE EXPLAINED CLEARLY WHAT THE TREATMENT (SURGERY) WAS TO BE, WHAT THE RECOVERY WAS TO BE, AND GAVE ME EXERCISES TO DO PRE AND POST SURGERY. HE IS KNOWLEDGABLE, CARING AND MOST GENTLE. HIS GENTLE HANDS IN SURGERY MADE MY RECOVERY LESS PAINFUL THEREFORE THE HEALING PROCESS WAS EXPEDITED. MOST IMPORTANTLY, I FELT COMPLETE TRUST AND CONFIDENCE BEING UNDER CARE. ANOTHER SURGEON WANTED TO COMPLETELY REMOVE MY MENISCUS. DR FAREED WANTED TO ONLY TRIM IT. AFTER SURGERY BEGAN, HE ENCOUNTERED A FOUR INCH BONE SPUR, AND REMOVED IT, SPENDING MORE THAN TWO HOURS WITH HIS GENTLE HANDS PERFORMING SURGERY. HE SPENT THE LAST TWELVE MINUTES OF SURGERY HOLDING MY KNEE GENTLY. THE DAY I MET DR, FAREED WAS A LIFE CHANGER FOR ME.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	1	Excellant with the right and simple approach to fixing your problem. I would highly reccomend Don if your body needs this type of corrections. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	Dr. Fareed was recommended by another physician that knew of his work with Frozen shoulder problems. I had already seen another ortho that did not have a good answer for my condition. I had a procedure by Dr. Fareed that solved nine months of a debilitating frozen shoulder condition. I feel very thankful to have found Dr. Fareed and would highly recommend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
11	1	Outstanding care and excellent results.  Years of pain in my shoulder, neck and back are gone.  Dr. Fareed exemplifies the best the medical field has to offer.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
11	1	Excellent quality of care, innovative treatment, highly effective.  Very personable -- made sure we understood exactly what was happening at each appt. and with each therapy.  I only wish my insurance co. would cover the actual costs of therapies and surgery. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	Excellent- Very knowledgable and caring-saved us surgery and 2yrs therapy!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	THIS WAS MY THIRD SHOULDER SURGERY, WISH I HAD GONE TO HIM FIRST.  GREAT EXPERIENCE. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	Although the wait for Dr Faisal can sometimes be annoying, i dont mind it. He is truly the best and most knowledgeable neurologist in the Valley, as for his bedside manner - it is superb. I have worked in numerous doctors offices and have been a patient in even more, and i have never seen a doctor or staff care more for a patient. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	-1	I have been to see this doctor three times and each occasion has been worse than the one before. He is arrogant and dismissive and has a bad attitude to women. My last visit required an MRI, the results for which he should have called in to me within two days: three weeks later I had still not heard from him and when I called the office he was very rude and said that he thought he had already called me. That is neither professional or respectful. 	2	1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
12	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	Couteous and excellent bedside manner. Helped with diagnosing when I have had some difficulties previously.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
12	-1	I have stopped seeing Dr. Faisal because of similar feelings to the comments above. The wait in the waiting room was interminable, Dr. Faisal doesn't seem to care, he doesn't remember me from one visit to the next, he doesn't seem compassionate and the people who work for him take ages to respond to calls or requests for medications or faxing info. to other doctors. I do not recommend, I only went to him because he was on my plan.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	0	I have worked with Dr. Faisal for close to a year now to figure out what has been going on with me.  He has been unable to diagnose my problems and honestly seems to not really care.  I have a close friend who has been seen by him for 5 years now and has had the same experience of feeling uncared for.  Her issues have been diagnosed but he's just not a caring doctor and he proves that through the way he rushes his appointments, forgets things he's supposed to have done for you, the fact that it takes days if not weeks to get medications called in to pharmacys, appointments are ALWAYS running at least an hour or more behind, and even as a regular patient you cant get scheduled in for an appointment for weeks!   Both my friend and I have switched Neurologists because Faisal just doesn't care and his actions prove that.  	3	1	2	3 	Insurance:HealthPartners
12	1	Technically seemed knwoledgeable- but very long wait and very rude, concensous among patients in  the waiting room - they had been there for hours.... 	2	1	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	Very Knowledgeable and friendly. She takes the time to listen to you.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	1	She is always very nice and always available even on Saturday's. Most of the time we can get right in without a long wait. If you need a reliable Doctor for quick and easy appointments she is great. I have waited up to 4 hours in other offices.  	2	5	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	-1	I was only received adequate treatment for the common cold. The nuerological disease I have was completely untreated in the 3 years I have known about it. I am in worse condition now and never received any relief or tests pertaining to my disease. I had to find my own help through MDA.I am not happy 		4	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	Hands down the best dentist I have ever found. He loves his work and stays up-to-date on advances in the field. He is an authority on acclutial (sp&#63;) adjustments -- my bite is now perfect. I always enjoyed visiting him and his wonderful staff. I have moved out of state and am now pulling out my hair trying to find another Falzone.... 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	Very friendly office, courteous staff. Dr Faraji is very knowledgeable and passionate about his job. He takes his time during the visit. I have been his patient for many years now. He takes his time calling patients after hour. He is always available.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	1	HE IS A WONDERFULL DOCTOR THAT TAKES HIS TIME TO EDUCATE HIS PATIENTS,GIVES ALL HIS PATIENTS THE SAME TIME &amp; ATTENTION THEY NEED. HE OFTEN WORKS AFTER HOURS &amp; CATCHES MANY PROBLEMS OTHER DOCTORS WOULD HAVE MISSED. HE IS VERY KNOWLEDGABLE &amp; LOVE TO EDUCATE!!! GREAT DOCTOR WORTH ANY WAIT!!! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	0	Not sure how knowledgable he is, but waiting for hours when you come to your appointment on time is not something I like.  	3	1	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	-1	this doctor is everything that's wrong with medicine.  He doesn't listen and he doesn't care and top it off, he isn't too smart. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
15	-1	This doctor has prescribed a lethal dose of pain medication to my 22 year old boyfriend.  He is so addicted to drugs that he can not function.  He can't stay awake unless he is moving.  The doctor just increased his does, even after we told him that he is a zombie.  	3	1	2	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	1	Good doctor and very studious, so he keeps up on the latest developments in medicine. 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	-1	First of all Doctors should not irrationally assume that their patient doesnt have an infection especially when the patient is currently taking two different antibiotic courses and is completely insisting that the bacteria is rapidly resisting. Second of all it is completely understood that the blood tests and ua would contrast the existing flora and the fact that the rate of fighting bacteria was equal to developing bacteria. Therefore further tests were deamed necessary to determine how far the bacteria has spread to establish the appropriate dosage of IV.  Also, I don't care how annoying or compulsive a patient may be it should never occur for you to use profanity in front of your staff and insult me.  Remember were all professionals here 	2	5	1	1 	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
17	1	Dr. Fareed is a very good doctor, very kind and willing to listen. His staff, however, are the opposite. His staff is the reason I've changed doctors. They were very unhelpful during a time of a distressing diagnosis, to the point of rudeness. This doctor deserves better employees. 	 8/13/09	2	3	4	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	We love Dr. Faraz. Great doctor who cares deeply about her clients.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
18	-1	This is the rudest and most condescending doctor I have ever been to. An OBGYN, especially a woman, should be kind, empathetic and supportive. Faraz is in a hurry and is on a schedule that she does not want interrupted. She has an opinion about everyone's life, does not like to be questioned, and is so rude to the husband. She would not talk to my husband directly unless forced. She hated him being in the appointments with me and it was obvious. If you want a doctor who will make all your decisions and tell you what to do and when to do it, then this is the doctor for you. Otherwise, choose another doctor.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
18	1	she is a fantastic dr.  I can say we only had to wait once over 20 mins.  I had a extremely hard labor actively pushing for 6 hrs and our baby got stuck.  she got our family threw it all and had to do emergency surgery at the end. Her first priority was mine and the baby's safety.  Thank you Dr. Faraz.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	0	I agree with other posts that say Dr. Faraz does not like to be questioned. She likes to talk and have you listen.  She makes many inappropriate comments and thinks it is OK to tell you how many kids you should and shouldn't have (just in case you and your spouse don't already have an opinion on this). I've seen her for several years and she has delivered my baby. However, I just am not willing to be questioned and spoken to in a disrespectful manner any longer so I am switching doctors. If you're wondering why I've stayed with her for so long, it is because I DO appreciate people who are straightforward and to the point. However, she's crossed the line into being disrespectful and rude too many times and I don't appreciate that.  	 5/12/11	5	1	2	Insurance:Aetna
18	0	Her staff was fine, she was on time, she seemed knowledgeable.  However, I'm worried about her hygiene and the tools she uses.  It was the most painful exam I have ever had and after a month I'm still experiencing pain.  I'm sorry but due to my experience I would never recommend Dr. Faraz. 	4	4	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	I'm stunned at these reviews!  I have never felt more comfortable than in her presence.  She is up front and honest.  No BS from her.  Yes sometimes her office runs late but that is normal for an on call OBGYN.  Would you prefer a stranger deliver your baby or sometimes have her behind on appts&#63;  She delivered my 2 boys and I wouldn't ever see another Dr.  She takes a true interest in my concerns and returns calls promptly.  a little side note that her second hand in the office Amanda is wonderful.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	-1	She is the worse Dr ever. unresponsible not helpfull her and her staff they see you only for money.thats all they see.Specially if you have a good insurance.She charge you the things that you never ,ever recived such a service in her office.Please be carefull when you go there.i will never recomened her to anybody.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	-1	Dr. Faraz seems bothered to see you as a patient.  I do not think she likes her job and also I feel that any minor request feels like a major inconvenience to her.  She is always late even when the office is empty. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
18	-1	Dr. Faraz is one of those doctors who don't like to be questioned. She prefers to speak than to listen, and everything must be on her schedule. She'd rather schedule your delivery than let nature takes its course.  She was visibly unhappy when she had to come to the hospital at 5am for my delivery - she doesn't want anything interfering with her plans. Also, she literally ripped the placenta out within minutes of birth... I'm fairly certain that is why I bled for 10+ weeks after delivery. This is a terrible doctor. I have friends who love her, although these are women who trust doctors implicitly and never ask questions. Just because she has a MD behind her name doesn't mean I don't have a personal responsibility to understand what is going on for myself.  C'mon people! Wake up! Do your own research! 	5	3	1	2 	Insurance:Aetna
18	1	I am pregnant and so far think she has been great. I really feel she is knowledgable and upfront..She explains everything in a very nononsense kind of way that I love.. She really seems to care about her patients.. Yes, she is very busy but what does that say about her reputation..  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
18	1	Dr. Faraz is the best OB/GYN that I have been to. She is a genuinely compassionate and caring person. She is very knowledgeable and explains the diagnosis and treatments clearly. MY mother, myself and my teenage daughter are her patients and love her. Every specialist that we've been to speaks very highly of Dr. Faraz. She is conservative in her approach and takes great care.  I strongly recommend her! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	0	Dr. Faraz markets herself as someone other than who she actually is. Her practice is dictated by quantity over quality. In addition, her hygiene is questionable. Needs to be reminded to wash her hands between patients. The oofice staff is surly and unresponsive.  	2	2	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	1	Dr. Faraz and her staff was great even before I got pregnant. When my husband and I decided to start our family - Dr. Faraz and her staff were fantastic. They answered every question we had - no matter how stupid the question was and they answered it with a smile. Dr. Faraz tends to run a little late - but once you meet her you won't mind because you know that she is giving her full attention to another patient and she will do the same to you. I would highly recommend Dr. Faraz and her staff for all of your OB/GYN needs.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
18	-1	Misdiagnosis led to serious health implications. Very unresponsive. 	3	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
18	-1	Bad bedside manner and trying to get information is like pulling teeth. 		3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	Nice person and great doctor. My shoulder pain was gone after 3 visits. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	I was extremely impressed with Dr. Farghalli . She was very engaging and frendly to my five year old daughter.  With her positivity and expertise in working with children my sick daughter went into the appointment in tears and came out smiling!! LOVE my new pediatrician !! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
21	1	Dr. Fan is amazing! I was very impressed with my results as well as his bedside manner~ 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	I had a consultation with Dr. Fan which cost $100.  He took sufficient time to answer all my questions and seemed very competent.  I did not choose to have him do the surgery simply b/c he was the most expensive out of all the doctors I met with. 	 10/27/08	4	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	I became very self conscious of my appearance when I got into my 60's. Dr. Fan did the perfect face and eyelift to help turn back the clock. He has a very gentle and pleasant demeanor and was simply amazing. Unsuspecting strangers think I'm not a day over 40! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	I've had some pretty awful experiences with doctors in the past, so I tend not to trust them. I definitely don't gush about them the way I am going to gush about Dr. Fajardo. Ready&#63; Here it goes!  I REALY, REALLY LOVE BEING A PATIENT OF DR. FAJARDO!!!!! She is personable, collaborative, innovative, and super, super responsive. More than anything, it's clear that she has a real heart for being a physician. Her assistant and the office staff are also top notch. I ALWAYS get called back when I have questions, and my lab tests are ALWAYS communicated to me on time.  I like her so much that I badgerd my mother for a year until she started seeing her too! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	1	Extremely easy to work with.  Always gets back to me within the same day with whatever I need. Very patient and understanding with my needs.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
23	0	DO not see the nurse practitioner. Put me on unnecessary meds and tests.  Went in for hives. Told me she would do the blood test for an ALLERGY TEST and I ended up with 5 different unnecessary lab charges like cholesterol and thyroid blood tests..etc.  She was going to put me steroid shots, but I refused. Tries to squeeze as much money out of you as much as they can. NOT RECOMMENDED. Changing my primary doctor.  I talked to my friend who's an ER doctor and she said I should go to a different doctor because it seemed like they care more about money than their patients.  I paid over $500 to have 6 tubes of blood drawn and have them tell me they dont know whats wrongs with me. I could have given a homeless person $1.00 to tell me that. PS. They charge $200 to see a NP, who tries to given you drugs you dont need.  	3	3	2	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	Dr. Linda has a quality about her that few doctors today display.  I moved 12 years ago to over an hour away from her office and will continue making that drive any time I need her services as she is the best!  Takes her time with you and never rushes to get you in and out.  Her knowledge is amazing and what she isn't sure of, she knows where to get or refer you to.   Couldn't have a better doctor! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
23	1	Dr. Falconio is a great doctor. As for her staff, they are awful. Larry who takes appointments is rude and unprofessional. I only wish Dr. Falconio was a bit more punctual. My last visit I waiting 1 hour and 5 minutes to see her.  	1	1	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
23	1	Dr. Falconio is the best doctor I have ever had. She is very intelligent.  She is very nice and understanding and she really cares. She has diagnosed and treated many conditions I have. My favorite thing about her is she is open minded and will consider trying something I may discover and want to try. I can't think of a single doctor who worked with her in the past that is gone now that I would consider a loss.  As for Joe&#63; He handles the business end of things and business is business.  Dr. Falconio does not like lawsuits at all and certainly does not seek them out, but in today's world they seem to be commonplace unfortunately. I like her and admire her and respect her. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	-1	I have been her patient for about 2 years i find she pays more attention to the dogs she has wondering around her office than to me. I am pretty healthy so my visits are about 6months apart. I am 67, she has not listened to my lungs or put her hands on me in the last 2 visits. At my last appointment she did not comment on the colonoscopy I had or the broken ankle I told her about. I am looking for a new primary doctor.  	2	3	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	Our family has been seeing Doc Linda for about fifteen years. Her knowledge, compassion, and genuine caring nature are obvious from the first moment you meet her. She needs to be cloned! Lol 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
23	1	I have been a client of Dr. Falconio for years, from her private office to expansion with a multiple doctor clinic, and I am shocked to read some of the comments I see here.  I was actually trying to find her website to ask her a question via email and stumbled upon this in my google search.  She is excellent at responding to my every question in a timely fasion.  She has been available to me day or night for emergency questions.  She has ALWAYS had excellent bedside manner, and over the past year I too have had a medical anomaly that she has not been able to solve, but she has never taken an attitude with me about it.  She has always been so helpful and so genuinely concerned about even the lightest of problems so long as they matter to me.  I have seen many specialists about this problem and no one has been able to solve it so it is not for a lack of her knowledge either.  For those who are out there looking for a doctor I can't think of a better one to trust your life with.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	I would recommend this physician.  She is not afraid to tackle a problem to its solution, neither is she afraid to refer to another doctor better suited to your problem 	3	3	4	4 	Insurance:Anthem
23	1	Doc Linda is an caring, understanding and generous person as well as an excellent Doctor.  She deserves all the best. 	 10/23/09	5	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	I loved Dr Falconio, i started going to her when i was 13, i am 40 now, i am only sorry my insurance dosent use her but i understand why she got rid of HMO's. She was very kind to me every single time i was in there. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	I have been seeing doctor falconio fro 25 years and she is a compassionate, caring, knowledgable doctor who knows how to be personable yet professional. I have moved several times and still drive a long way to see her. she is very hard to see though and if you have an urgent need to be seen-you will see one of her associates. She is a real person and makes you feel very comfortable. Very cool lady.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
23	1	Dr. Falconio is an excellent listener and asks probing questions and gives excellent advice.  I've known her for some 15 years and have never been disappointed with her healing manner.  Her staff is also very understanding and helpful.  Doc Linda as some of us call her will give you an honest assessment of your condition based on her many years of experience and is very current in the latest advances in medicine.  She is also not afraid to say &quot;I don't know&quot; and get back to you after researching and consulting her colleagues.  She is very popular and sometimes can not take new patients as her schedule is often full.  Don't take this personally, she just won't do less than her best. She has never rushed me or any one I know. I know someone who waited over a year and finally got in and is very glad she did. Her practice is growing now that she is in her beautiful new office and she has excellent nurses and nurse practitioners that follow her philosophy and are in commuication with her. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	-1	I had a difficult-to-diagnose disorder and Dr. Falconio completely failed at treating me.  When she couldn't figure out what was wrong she was condescending and blamed me.  I ultimately found successful treatment at a different doctor.  I had heard good reviews of her from others with &quot;typical&quot; health problems, but I was very disappointed in how she treated me. 	2	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	Several years ago, I moved miles away from Dr. Linda Falconio, but I wouldn't think of changing doctors. I am age 67 and she is the best general practice doctor I have ever had. She's sympathetic, kind and keenly intelligent (of course). I see her only once a year, but she never misses a beat, when it comes to my care.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	I have always found Dr. Falconio to be an excellent listener and I have never felt rushed. She will always give you the tests needed after hearing problem and diagnosing it. This helped me with serious medical issues.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	very helpful and good listener--excellent about diagnosing what's wrong. very likeable personality. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	-1	Dr. Falconio killed one of the best Family Practice/GP practices in the entire North County. One day it was a fantastic practice with several fantastic doctors (all women) and the next day, all of the good doctors left (including mine.) As I was stuck with an HMO at the time I continued with this practice for a while. The quality of medical care suffered. Dr. Falconio doesn't have a good 'bedside' manner -- she is abrupt and tried to keep appointments to something like a &quot;drive-thru&quot;. As she owns the building, it seemed that expanding the building/complex was much more important than the old &quot;PCAMG&quot; practice. (She is no longer a member of that medical group.) Perhaps she is a good Medical Building manager but as a doctor she is abrupt and always seemed rushed. I felt as if I was a nuisance rather than a patient/customer.  		3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	1	Would go back and recomend to friend and famiy 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	My mother-in-law swears he is the best. She has very genetically degenerative ear problems, and has been to many doctors, but she really likes this one. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	Great doctor. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	-1	in my opinion this guys license should be pulled 		2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
27	-1	This doctor and doctor's office is the rudest and most unhelpful I have came into contact with 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
27	0	While Mr. Fallas may be qualified to perform the surgeries that he does it does not make up for the fact that he is a pompous, arrogant, self indulgent jerk. He does not listen, he dismisses, he gets defensive and well, I could go on and on. Not to mention the cow that works for him at the front desk who is a condescending , angry, unkind woman. This was the most traumatic experience of my life. I've been referring anyone with my condition to another doctor.  	1	3	1	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	1	Dr. Fallas was incredibly helpful in my case, agreeing to do surgery in spite of a stack of negative imaging studies because I clinically needed it--a *rare* find in today's medical world.  He listened, was attentive, and most importantly--responded to my concerns appropriately.  I feel really blessed to have met him! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	Dr. Farahmand is one of the nicest doctors I've met.  Adding this to his extreme competence makes him an outstanding physician that is hard to beat.  The whole staff is helpful, courteous, and positive and you can tell that they really love and enjoy their work and patients.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	0	I had radiofrequency on my back due to Facet Hypertrophy.  The office staff and Dr treats you are addicted to drugs from day one.  They never returned my calls when I called them regarding numbness in my arms and legs due to the procedure.  The pain from the procedure was terrible, but nothing was ever given for pain.  I was told on many occasions to &quot;hold it out&quot;.  I don't feel like this office cared about my pain or my concerns, they were just there for the money. 	1	4	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	very KIND, gave me many options &amp; great advise 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
30	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
31	-1	This Doctor is unresponsive, ill prepared, and inexperienced.  She has NO bedside manner, she is judgemental, and she is dismissive.  I have reported this doctor to the medical board.  	2	4	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	1	very professional, courteous, and up to date with the latest technologies. the best dentist i've been to and i am 63. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	-1	Jerk! barely keeps hours for patients. Always has &quot;other&quot; interests. Find someone there when you need them! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	Does not accept any insurance but will bill for you he is an excellent dentist and painless.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
33	1	I like Dr. Factor.  He is very thorough with all tests and takes time to go over them with you.  He is one of the few doctors who doesn't &quot;rush&quot; you through your appointment.  He takes his time and listens, let's you talk and answers all your questions.  Very happy with him.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
34	-1	I have called this doctor on numerous occasions and received no return call.  I also routinely wait an hour and up for my appointment.  I will be changing my PCP this year.  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:CIGNA
34	1	Just wanted to enthusiastically agree with all the other reviews. We are so happy with this doctor, his attitude, and his level of expertise. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
34	-1	The front office is run by a bunch of Monkeys, the person running the sign in sheet was was buying car insurance and on a personal call. They let 4 people with later scheduled apppointments ahaead of me While i sat in waiting room for over an hour. When i brought the error to their attention they said o.k. you will get the next available room, what happened they gave someone else the room. The nurse that took my temperature jammed the thermometer in my ear enough to move my head to the left. I am not happy with the nurses at this office.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
34	1	We changed insurance JUST to get back to this MD! Great listener, thinks outside the box, does his research between visits. Willing to try alternatives, communicates with my other specialists. Willing to admit if he doesn't know something...and then goes to find answers! Great staff who knows us by name every time we call or come. Always prompt, takes enough time, we never feel rushed! Treats the younger family members as thinking, responsible people and speaks to them directly as such.  Friendly, professional, approachable attitude, no ego or arrogance whatsoever! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Pacificare
34	1	Excellent! Our family doctor for years.  We moved out of state and still flew back to see him! I highly recommend! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	1	Great Doctor with a wonderful staff that listen to my needs and concerns. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	Kind and professional. Obvious he continues to study and research. He knows his business and we trust him 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Secure Horizons
34	1	Fantastic doctor. Very thorough and personable. A highly competent and caring man with a staff that can't be beat. I wish all doctors were of this degree of excellence.     C.F.L. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	Expert 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
36	-1	She has got one good staff (Liz) and one horrible (An). Overall I was not satisfy with Dr Farah service. She is more businessman than a DR. I wish we had a choice in Kaiser but your are limited! Shoe follows the book and not really care about the patients. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
36	-1	I was referred from my OB to her and stated she was one of the best reproductive enodocrinologist in Northern California.  Since the first visit, she has reinforced me that she would be “the boss” during my care.  She was rush and miscounted my antral follicle counts, and prescribed me with a very potent protocol.  I ended up with ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome.  I was very ill for 2 weeks, not able to eat at all.  After all, I received a very little refund from her failure medical treatment. 	1	1	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	I love Dr. Fabry. He listens, is respectful of your concerns and does a great job.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
38	1	Dr Seruelo has a great bedside manner, good listener.  	4	3	4	4 	Insurance:Pacificare
38	0	This Doctor is a nice, personable person and the offic is great.  The problem is that they aren't very honest.  I went in for a Routine Physical and at the end when she asked if I had any other questions I mentioned that I'd been getting sore throats for the last two months every other week.  She felt my lymph nodes, but did not check my ear, nose, and throat.  I was billed for TWO visit.  One &quot;preventive visit&quot; the other an &quot;office visit.&quot;  After discussing what I thought was a mistake with billing, I became aware that this Doctor had billed me for an extra visit because I had brought up the sore throats.  She did not say anything to me about how asking questions would warrant an extra office visit charge.  I'm very disappointed and will not be returning.  I need a doctor who is concerned about making people feel better, not finding ways to charge extra money.  	1	3	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	1	. very good doctor very knowledgeable and smart 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	-1	DO NOT GO TO HER.  She is rude, lectured my wife on unrelated matters, prescribed her a medication that was not working...then berated my wife for not wanting to take it.  She repeatedly said, &quot;I don't care how you feel&quot; when my wife told her the medication (birth control) was causing issues.  She failed to mention a positive test result, giving a clean bill of health.  She gave my wife a cancer scare, then brushed off the issue and did no further tests...all without answering questions.  She was so poor that I am currently looking at ways to file a formal complaint.  	5	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	0	Normally I see Dr. Anderson, whom I love, but she was all booked for the week and I need a test done so I went to Dr. Farbakhsh. She was nice to me, but like the other reviews say, she doesn't answer questions and kind of blows everything off. I know I'm not a dorctor but I did a lot of research on what I was being tested for. Her answers didn't really match up with everything else. It seemed like she was minimizing the severity or importance of my problem. If you are going to Mothers &amp; Daughters, definitely go with Dr. Kathy Anderson.  	4	3	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	-1	Dr. Farbakhsh had horrible bedside manner, requested unnecessary tests, eluded to the fact that I may have cervical cancer when tests proved otherwise and did not give me my test results in a timely manner.  I highly recommend anyone go elsewhere.  	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	0	i told dr. farbaksh repeatedly that i needed to be on birth control, and told her that hormonal birth control caused me to suffer severe depression and even suicidal tendencies. I told her time and time again that i NEEDED to be on birth control and did not want to get pregnant. it seemed to go over her head. she insisted that nuva ring was not absorbed in the bloodstream and was not like the pill/hormonal bc. this is entirely false. i experienced a lot of severe symptoms due to being on nuva ring. i tried to get her to call me about this oversight, no return call. i tried to speak with her nurse, and get someone to talk to me about it. no calls back. ever. before trying nuva ring i wanted an IUD and she refused me. over a year later i still have no viable form of birth control. i feel this is because my doctor has been completely unresponsive to my legitimate concerns. i do not feel like she listens to me at all, though i am very clearly communicative with her.  	2	2	2	3 	Insurance:CIGNA
40	-1	she is NOT a DOCTOR such a shame!she knows nothing plus she is 100% rude and un able to listen and understand your feeling... definitely i won't recommend her to ANY BODY! friend or enemy! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	1	I have been seeing this dr for over 10 years.  She has always been easy to talk to, professional and kind.  I had to have surgery and she was very supportive and listened to my concerns.  My appointments have most often been on time. One time I was gaining weight, and she told me I had to loose the weight.  She is going to be honest with you.  Too many doctors aren't because they are afraid you may not come back.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	0	If you read all the reviews, you'll see some good and some bad.  She is not a bad doctor, but it's possible that after doing this job for so long, she has run out of steam.  Her daughter, also a doctor, might me another choice to consider. Here is a fact and it's not meant to be derogatory or otehrwise:  Persians in general, especially as professionals don't listen very well, talk over you, have a know-it-all personality,and are not too friendly.  If you can deal with this type of personality, then great.  But if you are looking for someone who is more gentle and sympathetic, go some place else.  Her staff is not too competent either. 	2	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
40	-1	Whatever you do..get a recommendation from a friend and do not see this doctor. She is uncaring and rude. I felt that she didn't know what she was talking about. There was no way I was going to let her do surgery on me. Plus, I felt that she became rude to me after reviewing my sexual history. Who is she to judge me&#63; She is horrible.. RUN! 	3	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
40	-1	i don't trust what she says.. she was always wrong with my case 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
40	0	She was a very nice lady... but I just don't feel like she's going to THE ob/gyn for me.  She was super insistent on me getting on birth control but did not listen to my reservations about it. Like other posters have said, she does brush you off when you ask questions, but does it with a smile so it's hard to really get anything out of her.  Other than that, I didn't like her staff at all, especially the PA.  Not very approachable or friendly. Only other thing is that they have credit cards machines, but won't accept it for copayments! Seems penny pinching to me...  	2	3	2	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
40	-1	I have never been to an office or a Doctor as unprofessional as this woman. Everytime I saw her (total of 3 times) I had to wait for at least an hour before she came in to the room to see me. But that is not the worse thing she did to me. She diagnosed me with a condition which I did not even have and she kept insisting to do an operation on me. Had it not been for a seconde opinion I got from another doctor she would have operated on me for absolutly no reason but may be because I had an insurance whcih would have paid her good. Please do yourself a favor and DO GET a seconde opinion if she wants to do operation on you..she put me through agony with the non-existing diagnoses she gave me.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
40	-1	I saw her twice.  She was a little late for this appointment.  I gave her my history, my issues, she said she'd prescribe a different birth control and sent me off for tests.  I came back 2 weeks later and she was an hour late for my appointment, she didn't even apologize or acknowledge that my time was wasted.  I had to remind her that she was going to prescribe a different birth control.  She didn't remember which tests she sent me for, and lost one of my test results.  She said she'd call me with those results.  It's been 2 1/2 months, and I haven't heard from her.  I was so upset by the poor service, feeling like she didn't write anything in my chart (she didn't seem to remember anything we had talked about previously), that I didn't care to call her back.  I just found a new OBGYN.  	2	1	1	2 	Insurance:CIGNA
40	1	This woman is one of the most caring, unselfish people I have ever known! I have been her patient for 12 years now. I cannot believe the people who posted those things about her. I have never, ever had that experience in all my life with her. She cares so deeply for  her patients and listens so intently. She is the one who calls you woth all your tests results.  I would recommend her to anyone! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	-1	i went into this exam feeling very nervous and i had a long history to tell her but she brushed it off and didnt want to hear it. it took a lot of pushing to get her to address my concerns and even so she did it as she was walking out. everything was basically up to me. if i was smart enough to ask the right questions, i MIGHT get some answers. otherwise she wouldnt even bother talking to me about anything. im not going back to her. 	3	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	I've been seeing Dr. Farbakhsh for over 14 years. She knows my body, health history and is a great surgeon and ob/gyn. Her staff is aways friendly. She always addresses all of my concerns. I'm am completely confident in her diagnosis/analysis of my physical well being. I have and will continue to recommend her to friends and family.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unicare
40	-1	I have had two appointments with Dr. Farbakhsh and the first time I waited 30 min in the waiting room and another 25 minutes in the exam room before she came and saw me. The second time I waited for 70 minutes in the waiting room! Very unprofessional. She answered my questions if she thought they were important, otherwise she just brushed them aside. Her answers were too concise and it took a lot of prodding to get full answers. Even if I need a follow up appt, I'm not going back.  	2	1	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	1	During my visit I felt that I was treated well.I would most likely recommend this doctor to my family and friends.  I felt this visit was a big help.Overall I would rate this visit : good. 		5	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	Dr. Farbenbloom is awsome,we call him the magician. He is very knowledgable, and gentle when doing adjustments. Also prescribes many different ways of physical therapy. He is about healing the body as natural as possible.It is a very calming and healing experience to go to him. You will feel MUCH better after just one visit. I have recommended this Dr. to many of my clients, and he has gotten high reviews with many of them. Healing their pain. Go see him,he is a top notch chiropractor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Pacificare
42	1	She is a very skilled doctor that clearly knew what she was doing 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
43	-1	Beware. If you value your health stay away. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
44	-1	Completely unprofessional.  She came in 1 hr late - 1st appt of the day. She was on a cell phone then ranted off a series of questions.  When my daughter said she was anxious and felt she didn't have time to answer since she was missing school, she went off on her about her own schedule. 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	My son has seen Dr. Fam for over 2 yrs now. She is aggresive with his illness and he has done well under her care. However, since the start of his treatment she has been rude, mean, condecending and is forever 40-60mins late. She takes on too many patients and our last visit, she was so rude and mean to me and my son that I believe thisis the last time he will visit her. The lady at the front desk, Anna, she is worse then Dr. Fam. She hangs up on you when calling and refuses to help in any way. The language barrier doesnt help either.  Do NOT schedule an appt. with Dr. Fam.  I will be informing my insurance as well.  Her lack of profesionalism and tact in dealing with patients has gotten so poor, she should get a review by the licensing board.  	1	1	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	-1	this is by far the worst dr i have ever been to. she should not be on any insurance list. the other reviews are so bad that the ins co. should be held responsible for their error. she told me my english is not good from this person that i cannot understand with such a heavy accent. i am vp of a fortune 500 company so i do not have issues with language. i have had exactly the same experience as the previous reviews form the nasty couch to the arrogant and physically disgusting person falsely portraying herself as a professional.  she should seek the help of a professional 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	-1	The Staff is RUDE,the DR is even more rude,I have no idea how this clinic is still open and functioning , please do not go there or refer her to anyone, I was her patient for couple months i saw her treat other patients very Condescending,till one time I had an emergency and I called her office to reschudle and was told to go find another dr and she does not want me as her patient as I do not respect my appoitment!! really&#63; I feel so bad for her patients , she needs to see a phsyciatrist herself to get herself togther before she thinks of treating other people, Cigna should take her off the list , this is the worst Dr EVER.plus all she cares about is money , she tells me find another dr and pay your bills! which I had paid in full already! God help her patients who are still with her.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
44	-1	She seemed very busy. When I entered her office I sat on a brown couch, that used to be white. especially on the arm rest. The appointment was 15 minutes . We spoke of me looking french&#63; (strange) She then proceeded to look at her watch ignoring what I was speaking to her about and proceeded to write on prescription pad. Then she turned around shut me up and told me &quot;heres the deal you are depressed and I recommend you go to the psychiatric ward, If you dont I will call the cops on you!&quot; She was very extreme! I stared crying cus it scared and startled me. She had no idea what was going on because she didn't even bother to listen she had no time for me and wanted to put me somewhere till she could deal with me is what Im guessing. I answered no to all the are you going to hurt yourself suicide questions and reiterated that to her , her reply &quot;I dont care!&quot; I even told her if I made such an extreme unthought out decision I would loose my job! ...same response! &quot;I dont care!&quot; ... wasted $$$ 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
44	-1	This doctor is RIDICULOUS!!! I've stayed with this doctor because her young receptionist is always nice and will persistently help me, even if Fam yells at her. I've seen this place with new workers all of the time, with that nice girl being the exception. Fam is always rude and at least 2 freaking hours late!!! she never tries to be on time, she takes her time with eating her food in her office, dirnking her coffee, answering her cell phone that rings non stop. At one point my session was stopped because her son had called from college and she had to take it. She is not a good doctor and not quite sure why other's continue to recommend her!!! DON'T GO TO HER!!! SHE'S MEAN AND WILL MAKE YOU WAIT AND JUST TAKES YOUR MONEY!!!! Her sister works for her as another office staff and both have the same attitude. BOTH RUDE AND IGNORANT!!! I just feel bad for people who continue to go to her, they deserve to be treated better.  I stopped going to this place, she made me crazier!!!!!! 	5	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	-1	In reading the other reviews it seems that this doctor/professional, if you wish to call her that, is completely unqualified to manager a practice let alone manage the care of patients in need.  She is rude, ignorant, arrogant and really quite a slob! The entire office is unkept, files all over the place, poor accounting, and time management.  I think everytime I visited there was new office personnel which most of the times were teenagers at best.  Her patient management is unprofessional as she seems completely unorganized and completely aloof.  At one particular visit she asked the patient I was with not one single question except for what we thought about her rearranging her office furniture.  She is a joke and if Aetna was smart they would remove her from their available doctors.   I would not recommend her services to anyone! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
44	-1	Rude and unprofessional. She kept me waiting for over an hour and threatened me when I asked why there was such a long delay (I heard her chatting on the phone with friends/family, eating lunch with a friend during my appointment time).  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	-1	Find another doctor.  Very rude, wait was long, took phone calls in middle of the appt, ate during the appt, repeatedly cut me off.  Son had just been released from hosp, provided her many reports from top in the nation UCLA professionals in field of Autism, as well as numerous other reports & evals.  Didn't even read the 9 diagnoses my son had.  Tried to classify all his disabilities on ADHD and that he didn't have autism, speech and language impairments, and so forth.  Wanted 2 change his medication 2 an ADHD drug and stating that in the 15 minutes she spoke with my son it was obvious he was ADHD and not autistic despite his seeing up 2 that point 15 doctors and was in hospital for 2 months where they viewed & observed & interacted with him, treated him on daily basis & had well over 100 pages of evals & reports 4 his  9 disabilities. This woman is a joke & definitely find another Doctor. U couldn't pay me money 2 have her watch over my son.  Med malpractice lawsuit waiting to happen 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	-1	The doctor is in her office very rarely, so it's difficult to get an appointment.  Sometimes the wait time is 1 1/2 hours when you have an appt.  One time I was asked to leave and come back later because it was going to be such a long wait.  The office staff seem unqualified.  I would have an appointment but when I got the reminder call the day before the time would be completely different.  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	-1	Made me wait 40 minutes while she walked out, got lunch, came back, ate, talked on the phone about a wedding, did paperwork at the front desk and make a few more personal calls. I eventually asked the receptionist what was going on and she talked to the doctor. The doctor finally came out and told me I should find another doctor if I don't like waiting for her. I was out of my RX so I couldn't leave. She rushed through the appointment and was rude the entire time. She reviewed lab results and when I had them reviewed by another MD he said her conclusions were incorrect based on the results. I'm glad I got another opinion and that I found a new doctor.  	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
44	-1	When I got to her office there were 4 people waiting to see her. I had an appointment, waited for almost 2 hours. She only saw me approx. 15 mins, took phone calls twice during my visit. Did not follow through with paperwork for insurance company, called the office three times. Staff does not respond or take info down. Finally spoke to Fam on the phone, she was very rude, actually scolded me and was very unprofessional. Told her I would not be coming back and I was hanging up now.  She called my number back twice! 	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Pacificare
44	-1	During my visit, she made me wait almost an hour even though I made an appointment. The worst thing was that she chatted with her receptionist about stupid things while I was waiting. Also, she charged the money for the deductible and she did not even send the claim to the insurance company. She was the worst doctor I have ever met. When I asked if she sent the claim, she rudely said, &quot;We always send the bill. Call your insurance company.&quot; and hung up without even waiting for my response. She is unprofessional and rude. I wonder how she got the license.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Lumenos
45	-1	This doctor is horribly unprofessional and rude. Completely misdiagnosed my injury and refused to give me medication for my pain.  		1	1	1 	Insurance:Workers Comp
46	1	Joseph is a GREAT dentist. He is professional, nice and gentle. His staff is also the same, very happy and they make you feel very comfortable. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	Im happy with Dr Fahr and all his staff.  Great bleaching results and my implant was a success!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
46	1	I have been his patient for 4 years now and I am happy with service.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
46	-1	.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Delta Dental
47	1	 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	Wonderful, caring, bright, and amazing Doctor.  He will do all he can to make sure you are helped and taken care of without rushing you out the door.  He is worth your time in the waiting room which may be long, but well worth his personal attention! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	Awesome doctor. He will get to the bottom of your health issues. He really cares. Very knowledgable. Highly recommend. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	I am an RN - so I may be a bit more critical than some people.  I think Dr. Farhoomand is excellent and I am so glad that I found him.  I go to him even though he does not work at the same hospital as I do.  He is an excellent diagnostician and very, very intelligent.  I wish all docs took as much time with thier patients as he does. He explains everything which is also very helpful. He is also kind and compassionate.  I recommend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	1	I think he is the BEST OF THE BEST without a doubt.I noted he never wears a watch so time is of little concern when it's your turn to be seen, you have his undivided attention and will get all the time necessary to address your ailment. He is what all docs should be; caring ,kind and KNOWLEDGEABLE. Too bad there is so few of his ilk! God Bless you Doctor Farhoomand! He is what I call a problem solver, if there is a solution to your ailment HE Will Find It.I feel very fortunate to have him for my Doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Secure Horizons
48	1	Best Doctor in North San Diego County. He has the patients best interest at heart and takes the time to make the patient feel acknowledged and explains everything in great detail. The only doctor I would wait to see.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
48	1	Best doctor I have ever encountered. He treats my elderly mother with care and is so very patient with her.If it were not for Dr. Farhoomand I doubt she would still be with us. I can't say enough good about him. What a wonderful sense of humor he has, always smiling. We are lucky to have found him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
48	1	He works extremely hard to be informative while trying to stay punctual. The high level of care and information is worth it if/when he may run a bit late.  I would highly recommend him! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
48	1	Extremely knowledgable and open. Explains things clearly and at your level. Gives you plenty of time and his full attention when he is with you. I am completely comfortable and have full confidence in him. 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	Outstanding doctor. Explains things to you, gives you plenty of time.  He is very sharp, very upbeat, very helpful in every way.  I look forward to my appointments and I have great confidence in him as a doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
48	1	. Great Office staff! Doctor was very personable and very approachable! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
49	1	very good dr. I think one of the best dr. in western area.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	1	Specializes in Ob/Gyn oncology. 		2	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	Pedram is a great dentist. Caring and considerate. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
51	1	Excellent clinician and very helpful with prevention.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
52	1	He has been my doc for about 2 years, no complaints.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
52	0	Talks down to and becomes defensive when reasonable questions/concerns are asked regarding his treamtment decisions.  	5	4	3	3 	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
53	1	Based on 5 visits to the office: The Doctor is very kind &amp; listens to all you have to say. Shows a lot of empathy &amp; concern even though I saw her in the capacity of a psychiatrist who generally prescribes drugs. I wish I could see her as a therapist/psychologist as well. Not impressed with the front desk staff. They can be quite unprofessional at times. they do not note down issues discussed in phone conversations so you end up having to explain things over &amp; over. The messaging service does not work for all mobile phones. (really inconvenient if you loose the appointment card or accidentally write down wrong date &amp; then have to pay a penalty fee). 	1	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	Was very caring and helpful. Listened to me. Returned calls promptly.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
53	1	During my visit I felt that I was treated very well.I would absolutely recommend this doctor to my family and friends.  I felt this visit was a big help.Overall I would rate this visit : outstanding! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	EXCELLENT DR VERY CARING ALSO TOUGH WHEN FIGHTING INS CO'S AND SUCH TO GET COVERGE WHEN NEEDED. WAIT TIME 90% OF THE TIME IS APPROX 10 MINS. WORKS WITH GREAT HOSPITALS NICE STAFF. HAS KEPT ME GOING WHILE BATTLING A SERIOUS ILLNESS.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
55	-1	WARNING- Dr. Falsafi is dishonest.    I had a surgery done by Dr. Falsafi. I wasn't happy with how he billed my procedures. He took $3500 from me before he did the surgery and promised to pay for the facility and anesthesia fees, but he NEVER payed them. It has been a very long process and since I was the one who had the procedure done, the bills are in my name.(another $2000 in bills) He still hasn't payed his portion.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
56	-1	I was forced into emergency open heart surgery by this doctor when there was nothing wrong with me.  He told me I was going to die if I didn't agree to the surgery.  Subsequently, all the wires in my sternum ripped out and I had to have a second major surgery in Monterey.  I also had a misread CT scan at Templeton Imaging, Dr. Evernden, as well as the on call radiologist at French Hospital, Dr. Winningham.  I also had a mis read chest x-ray at Templeton Imaging by Dr. Singh.  Do not let any of these doctors get near you.  	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
57	1	I just met Dr Falcon and I really liked her easy-going, friendly nature.  She didn't rush me and listened carefully as I rattled off my history. Unfortunately I felt a lot of tension among the nursing/desk staff...  	2	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
57	-1	I was Dr. Falcon patient for five years. Dr. Falcon violated my trust when she gave my entire medical record file to an attorney in a lawsuit that I am involved in. Blood Test the whole nine yards, then when I complained she canceled me has a patient. Worst Doctor she is now being sued by me.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
57	1	It is very difficult to get an appointment with her. Office is very busy and somtiems have to wait up to an hour to see her. As for as the personal service I get with her she is great. I really like her she listens to my concerns and is through.  	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
57	-1	I waited 2 hours in a paper gown for her in a cold room.  she never even examened me.  Not the first time I've had to wait.  Office is way too busy.  She spent less than five minutes with me and off to the next person.   I changed to another doctor! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:HealthPartners
57	1	Super friendly and always listens to my concerns.  Caring and always helpful. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	Very, very helpful, knowledgeable and kind.  Would recommend her to anyone. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	. What would be th dollar differance between the lens I received and one paid for by medicare 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
58	1	wonderful doctor 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
59	-1	My husband went there several times and it seemed her only remedy for him was to have his teeth pulled.  After the third visit and the second tooth pulled, we went elsewhere where they salvaged his teeth and actually repaired them.  Plus the premises are not clean. 	 7/21/08	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
59	-1	did not provide satisfactory dentures after 6 months. kept $950.00 for her &quot;expenses&quot; after she initialy agreed to keep only $500.00. i was pressured into signing (account closed)in order to get any of my money back. she promised a good product but did not deliver, then blamed me for not knowing what i wanted. ridiculous! 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	Better communication through email would make him perfect. He does seem to be in a hurry at times, but that is because he is the Chief.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
61	1	I love his open hours. ...So easy to come in whenever I want He is natural, funny , knowlegable...  None of the flashy Beverly Hills stuff. I have never had this must flexibility in my spine, neck, lower back...  He's the best chiro I've seen and I've been to several.. I'm giving him the highest ratings :) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	great dentist very kind listens to what you have to say. and does not try to up sell. i would highly recommend him he is very ethical. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	Dr. Fallah by far the BEST dentist I've ever been to in 44 years of going to dentists.  He is extremely kind and did beautiful work with Cerec in his office on 4 of my front teeth.  Could not have asked for more -- he is incredibly well-trained and thorough and his staff was efficient, helpful and very friendly too.     He will be my dentist from now on- his holistic, whole-body approach to dentistry is what I've been looking for in San Diego for years.  I'm thrilled and would recommend him highly to anyone!   His new office is fantastic and surroundings comfortable -- seriously, he's really sweet and comforting as a human being and dentist! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
62	-1	This dentist is unable to perform even the standard/fundamental dental procedures. I paid almost $16000 for veneer treatment to straight my front teeth, however, one/two my my upper teeth were out/in.  Now I have unstraight teeth. I filed my complaint at the Dental Board of California though, I don't know if the dentist got some penalty. 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
63	-1	.  	 11/30/11	3	5	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	1	Dr. Fang is really knowledgeable about medicine and she has a great &quot;bedside manner.&quot; She has a world view concerning medicine and blends eastern and western perspectives.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
65	-1	I had been going to this doctor for many years for a bump in my nose. Finally he had referred me to Stanford Medical Center and just choose anybody there to refer me to, instead of referring me to their very own plastic surgeons in Palo Alto Medical Foundation. To my unfortunate luck, he referred me to Dr. Lorenz and Dr. Gladstone of Stanford Medical. And did not really expect that I will not have a nose after Dr. Gladstone was done with my nose. And when I try to come back to Dr. Fann just to make him see what Stanford did to my nose, disfigured it almost totally. Dr. Fann has no compassion and even told me that his hands are clean and that he's not responsible with my case anymore and that he gave me to the care of Stanford. How can I be cared by Stanford when Stanford only cares for my money and not really for my being&#63; they don't even accept any other kind of insurance except PPO. No wonder I found out later on that Dr. Fann is a solid Stanford graduate himself!!! 	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	Great, kind, a very knowledgeable.  Of the many doctors I have seen for my problem, NONE have been as good to me and for me as Dr. Fadly.  I HIGHLY recommend him!  He is always there for me. 	5	3	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	excellent physician and very caring. he helped me with my pain from first injection. He also helped me to come off a lot of my pain medications. he spend a lot of time with me unlike many  other doctors. Even though blue cross denied his payment , he wrote off his charges because I lost my job .  He is wonderful 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
66	-1	Worst doctor ever. Took 2 hours to show up to my appt and then charges me $600. He advised us that he overcharges so that whatever the insurance can pay is all he will request from the patient. LIES!! He is now sending me to collections after my bill was paid in full. DO NOT SEE THIS DOCTOR. he will see me next time in court.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	1	Dr. Fadley is a a wonderful friend if what your looking for, I needed too manage my pain &amp; pain medication. After over a year of on time visits I was in more pain than normal and ran out of my medication I spoke to him &amp; his staff &amp; in no better term told to live with my consequences ie... Self medicating so for being in more pain once in 18 months I'm told to DEAL WITH IT!!! Where's the compassion there&#63; Keep searching or never run out Also he only does 1 month so don't think about a vacation!!! 	4	2	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
66	0	not very professional. i waited for an hour and a half to consult with doctor for 10 minutes then tried to bill for an h and p consultation of 40 minutes.  puuuhlease, talk about a scam 	1	1	2	4 	Insurance:Anthem
66	-1	I would not recommend this doctor to anyone , I have nerve damage and was under his care until I ran out of money. I did not have enough money for my last visit , he put me on gabapentin for my nerve pain( a drug that causes seizures if a dose is missed) I called the office and asked if he could just write a refill for my rx untill 1 to 2 weeks when my paycheck came to pay for a visit and the rest of the rx. I asked the receptionist what i should do and she said that if i do go into seizures to go to the ER. GREAT LOT HE HAS DONE FOR ME I WILL NEVER GO HERE AGAIN. I knew this guy was all about money from the fist appt i had with him( he asked my father more questions about his business than me about my ailment.) I DO NOT RECOMEND THIS DOCTOR TO ANYONE STAY AWAY HE IS ALL ABOUT MONEY 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	It would be difficult to put my life in the hands of anyone else. The nicest, most helpful, caring & professional Doctor I have ever had the pleasure to meet. He was my Anesthetist on many occassions & I trust him with my life.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	1	Dr Fadly is a wonderful dr. He takes his time with his patients and really cares about their health. He is excellant in diagnosing the problem. Wouldn't trade my doctor for anyone else.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
66	1	I became a patient of Dr. Fadley shortly after a brutal auto accident ( double roll over landed upside down after taking out a highway sign- I was not at fault) and he has helped me greatly, he is an enjoyable fellow and a great doctor. His staff is courteous and very kind. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	Best in Class,immediately diagnosed and recommended a prognosis.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
67	1	Dr Farahmand is very competent and caring. Her mannerism is attentive, patient, and discerning. In difficult situations, she puts me at ease and provides thorough and appropriate treatment. She emanates professional competence, concern and tenacity for getting to the source of the problem. Her judgment is sound and she communicates clearly and amicably at a level that is easy to understand. She never makes me feel rushed and she provides ample opportunity to ask questions or seek clarity.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
68	1	very caring and amazing physician. always avilable. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	 	4	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	Dr. Fakhoury is the best doctor I have ever seen.  He is so dedicated to his patients... he always goes over and above and has literally saved my husbands life.   All I can say to him is thank you, thank you, thank you! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
69	1	I am not sure about the last comment about his staff impersonating patients to post positive comments BUT I absolutely recommend Dr. Fakhoury to EVERY single person I know. Yes, he is very blunt, but extremely knowledgable, caring, and patient. He takes the time to answer ALL of your questions and to get to know you personally as a person and not just as a patient. I respect straight shooters and would not dream of going to another doctor. If you want a doctor who sugar coats things and won't remember you from Jack or Jill, then go somewhere else. If you want a true consultant, friend, and physician, GO SEE DR.  ROMMIE FAKHOURY! 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	1	Reading all these comments i could not believe what people are saying....... once i found dr fakhoury i could not imagine seeing another dr. ever..... he treats everyone with great respect and he always make sure that if i ever needed anything that i knew how to get a hold of him. he was always there to explaine everything in patients language not living the office having to google a word he said to me. I left his office always understanding what he said..dr fakhoury not only helped me understand my diagnose, but help me clearly understand what it is and how to prevent it from happening. within the short time that he has been a dr. im glad that i have found him, because this hard time that we are all going through he is the best dr to have.... not only to help you, but to work with you with the things that you are going through financially and emotionally.. he supports alot of high schools. 	1	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
69	-1	I am starting to think that Dr. Fakhoury's staff posts some of these positive reviews.  Be very wary people!!!  He is not punctual, and tends to overreact.   Find a different doc! 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	1	Dr. Rommi Fakhoury is not only a great Dr. he is a great person who spends quality time with his patients and spoils us. There should be more Doctors like him. I had MRSA for about2 years and no doctors could get it under control but Dr. Fakhoury did. His staff is super cool too. 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	Dr. Fakhoury is the most knowledgable dr I've had in years. He is always given my family the best care. It is very apparent that this dr. cares alot about his patients with the time and care he gives out. Strongly recommend this dr.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	-1	I cannot believe that this doctor has such positive reviews.  I find that unbelieveable, he is not a good doctor!  He comes off as nice, but he really is not all that knowledgeable. Find a different doc 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	. a really great and helpful doctor gives you knowledge to the fullest extent 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
69	1	I was very impressed with the doctors knowledge. We truly cared about my well being and my family's. Best doctor I have had in years. Been a patient for 6 months now. I fully recommend this doctor to all of my friends and family.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	1	Great with kids and adults.  Fabulous doctor and staff. There is sometimes a wait because he takes walk-ins and takes his time with every patient. Very thorough and knowledgable. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
69	-1	I feel as if the doctor LACKS knowladge. Doesnt know what he is talking about half the time. Everytime i have gone in i have to wait over 45 min WITH AN APPOINTMENT for him to see me, then im sitting in a room for almost another hour. I dont feel as if he is a good doctor, he may be inexperienced, not sure. I dont and WONT recommend him to anyone. 	2	2	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	Very attentive, waited 25 minutes but well worth the wait. Fabulous, caring doctor. Originally my 2 year old son's doctor but was so inpressed that I decieded to make him our family doctor. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	Not only an excellent doctor but an excellent and help full human who knows how to communicate with patients and make them feel special and comfortable in his office.  has a very excellent staff great doctor patient relation 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
70	1	Excellent diagnosis and review of options.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
71	1	Great dentist, nice staff and office. I have a brand new beautiful smile that i could not have happier about.  She is also honest and upfront and very ethical 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
71	-1	.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Delta Dental
71	1	Dr. Farhoumand is a great dentist that I have been going to for over 5 years now. She knows what she is doing because she has been in this profession for over 15 years! Her staff is very helpful and courteous and I know that I can trust her and I trust that her work is great! Definitely recommend her to all my friends and family! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	Very knowledgeable and caring.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
73	-1	did all these unnecessary labs and all this other bull****. sends me a bill in the mail saying i owe him $13000 for all these extra tests that he performed that my insurance didn't cover; yet didn't tell me . honestly i think he was so desperate for money that he made all those charges up 	1	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	Dr. Farhangfar was our family Dr. for years. He is the best Dr. that you can find.  He cares for his patients %100, great attitude, execellent physican, just hate to see he is trasferring from our area.  Hope I will be able to find a similar Dr. Like Farhangfar again.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
74	1	This is new insurance for me and I feel lucky finding her. She's incredibly knowledgeable, sweet, thoughtful and attentive. I'll also add focused, skilled and professional. I felt I was in extremely good hands.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
75	1	Absolutely wonderful. She took care of my serious condition when three other doctors dropped the ball. I still have my eyesight thanks to her and no one else. She knew what she was doing from the get-go and even though she has a busy practice, she saw the seriousness in my condition and fit me in between existing appointments to make sure my eye became stable. Very straight-forward, she will tell you what she thinks... whether you like it or not.  		2	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
76	0	Seen this doctor more than 20 times.  After warming up to me, his helpfullness and knowledge of my condition improved. 	4	4	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
77	-1	DR. farady is very unknowledgeable about some things, its his way or the highway, he's very stubborn. needs to remember that the patients are sick and scared. needs to work on listening and understand what the patient needs and most of all Wants. 	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
78	-1	Doctor Faddoul not very approachable - does not smile.  Seems very matter-of-fact with little sympathy or encouragement shown.  	2	4	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	1	Extremely knowledgeable, direct - to the point...REALLY knows his stuff! 	3	5	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	Dr. Fang is the best dentist.  She was recommended by a friend and I agree.  She was knowledgeable and on time.  Her staff was very professional and answered all of my questions.  	5	5	4	4 	Insurance:Aetna
79	1	Dr. Fang was very professional and answered my questions.  Her staff is very courteous and helpful.  I noticed that the person taking x-rays wasn't very familiar with treating kids but he tried his best and made my daughter feel very welcomed.  =)  My daughter and I had our check up and teeth cleanings recently and was very happy with the service.  	5	5	4	4 	Insurance:Tricare
79	-1	The staff was great and made my child feel happy.  The dentist should not be working with children at all, she was actually mean and spoke to my child in an angry tone because she was in pain and  scared.  I would not recommend anyone taking their child to this office and I hope that the staff can all find employment elsewhere! 	5	4	1	1 	Insurance:Delta Dental
80	0	Dr. Falquier has been my primary doctor for several years. She is nice enough. She is fairly patient. She won't prescribe any alternative medicine but will readily subscribe medication which is troubling and very disappointing to me. I've repeatedly asked for help or advice on certain health issues with the typical response being a prescription. I like her nurses. The receptionists are pretty awful, but this seems to be a trend at the Sharp healthcare facility downtown. I am going to try to find another doctor because she just doesn't seem that in-tune with patients. Seems vague and as if her mind were elsewhere though maybe she's just tired. Wouldn't recommend her as anything special but is okay if you don't mind feeling like just another number. 	2	2	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
81	-1	As the person legally in charge of my elderly parent's medical treatment, I found that Dr. Farber prescribed too many medicines, prescribed medicines that negated one another, prescribed Fosamex way beyond the recommended 5 years.  He is clueless! 	5	4	3	1 	Insurance:Medicare
82	1	Great doctor - very knowledgeable. Dr. Fairbairn seen me as a teenager and effectively monitored my anti-depressants and their effectiveness. He was nonjudgmental and effective. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	Dr. Fairbairn was very knowledgeable.  I felt comfortable the whole time. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	Dr Fairbairn is very set in his ways.Maybe because he is mature.I like him alot.The only complaint I have is he does not let you speak without inturrupting.It is as though he has heard it all before and is only interested the cure 	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
83	-1	was rushed, insincere, not thorough, basically sent me away with no explanation why i might have felt crappy enough to make the appointment. drink more water she said. now i have a full blown sinus infection and she wont return my calls. her receptionist, on my 4th request for antibiotics, tells me they do not prescribe without seeing the patient&#63; i was there 3 days before!!  i hung up saying that i could not take another day off work and i guess i will just suffer and die then, she said ok!! 	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	Dr. Fang and his staff make you feel very comfortable and he seems to be up to date with all the newest technology. Did not have to wait long at all to be seen by the doctor. Definitly a plus. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
84	-1	.  	4	3	2	1 	Insurance:Delta Dental
85	1	I went to Dr. Fakheri for my Acne. She was very nice and helpful. I been through many doctors and medications, she was very helpful and caring during my treatment.  I would def recommend her! 	 4/3/12	5	4	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
85	1	Great doctor. I came in because my acne as becoming very severe, and I was pleasantly surprised with how knowledgeable and caring she was. Most importantly, I felt comfortable and confident that she would treat my acne, and she did! Highly recommend.  	 3/31/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
85	1	I went to her acne scars and botox. She is very friendly and nice. She didnt try to sell me products and procedures like other dermatologist. I would def recommend her.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
85	1	Great experience I have had so far.Had some procedures done and Im very HAPPY with the results.Recommend this Dr.to any future patients. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	Dr. Fakheri is very caring and knowledgeable.  I feel very comfortable with her and have recommended her to many friends and family who love her also!! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
85	1	She's been my regular doctor for two years now and I love her! Very friendly and smart. My acne is now gone :) 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
85	-1	I went to her, and by the time I saw her, she knew my insurance deductibles.  She charged my insurance for a surgery procedure that I never had- now I am going to complain to my insurance company and state board.   I don't trust her medical practices- BEWARE! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
85	-1	Never ever go to her. My mom went for a simple skin problem, this knowledgeble doctor coused her other problems besides the one she had before. Stay away from this MD. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
85	-1	I went to her office for my acnes. I waited for almost 40 min. sitting there doing nothing. She saw me for 4 min and tolme me&quot;I can not see u today. I am doing laser, come back some other time.&quot; I had an appoinment with her. I wasted my time and she charged my insurance for doing nothing. I won't recommand her at all. 	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
85	-1	not a good doctor 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	I wanted to find a way on the 3rd anniversary of my emergency heart surgery to say thank you to Dr. Fann and the staff of Camino Hospital in Moutain View.  I wouldn't be alive today if it weren't for these fine professionals. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	I enjoyed every aspect of my experience with Dr. Fahey. He was kind, knowledgeable, and patient. I felt self and comfortable in his office as well as before and after my surgery. I have never felt better! I would definitely recommend him. Thank you Dr.  Fahey! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
87	1	dr fahey is a fantastic doctor. he is very knowledgable: he want to Stanford and Georgetown for school so he knows what he is talkign about. he was very concerned and understanding of my fears about surgery. he ending up doing my hernia surgery and i have never felt better. i would reccommend dr fahey to any one for anything.  	5	3	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
87	-1	Dr Fahey was rude..He told me I had to have a mojor surgery for him to preform a minor one..He went even as far as commenting that I couldnt be a good mother because of my weight..I will never step foot in his office again nor would I allow him to touch me.  	5	1	1	1 	Insurance:Tricare
87	0	Very rude and condescending unless my husband was present. Transferred dad w/o telling me even tho I had DPAHC. Went out of his way to be cruel and insulting to Pt.'s family on several occasions. 		3	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	Dr. Fahey is incredibly knowledgeable and very kind. He answers all questions and covers all possibilities for treatment. I would refer friends and family to this doctor.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
87	1	. knowledgeable 		3	4	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
88	1	. she is the best doctor in world i seen 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
89	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
90	1	Dr. Fanton did a second surgery on my knee and I am so thankful that I found him.  The first surgeon I had left me with permanent numbness on the side of my knee; no feeling at all and probably little circulation.  After my surgery with Dr. Fanton the only numbness I had was what was left from the first surgery.  there was &quot;ZERO&quot; numbness from Dr. Fanton's surgery.   Dr Fanton is a fabulous surgeon and specializes on certain body parts.  I was even told before my first appointment that if the Xrays showed that I had an advanced stage of arthritis that Dr. Fanton would not work on me and would refer me to a specialist in the same outpatient clinic.  I really appreciated that Dr. Fanton was not a doctor that was so desperate for the business that he would attempt to do anything.  You cannot go wrong with Dr. Fanton if he speciallizes in the body part you need fixed, and one of them is the &quot;KNEE.&quot;  He gets an A+ in my book.  	 8/8/09	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
91	-1	 	1	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	Hi,Dr. Fan is knowledgeable, honest, and excellent in every aspect. I strongly recommend him to be visited at least once. He is a keeper. He is totally different than gentle care who want to milk you for everything. I am absolutely happy with him and his staff and I have a second appointment with him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
93	1	Dr. Fanous is very knowledgeable and extremely helpful and informative. He shows much compassion and respect towards his patients! I highly recommend Dr.  Fanous to anyone who has foot or ankle problems of any kind! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
94	1	Dr. Fang is so knowledgeable and sweet.  She's patient, a good listener and is like talking with a good friend.  Every time I tell a nurse or another mom that she's my OB I hear how wonderful she is.  The entire staff at Golden Gate Obstetrics is well respected.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
95	1	Very intelligent, caring and competent.  I am referring to all my friends and family! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
96	1	DR. ROSE FABI IS A GREAT DOCTOR EXCEPT HER STAFF WAS UNPROFESSIONAL...I WAS UPSET FOR NOT SEEING DR. FABI ALTHOUGH I WAS MORE THAN 30 MINUTES ON TIME, JUST WAITING TO BE CALL, WAITING AT THE WAITING ROOM AND BUMP OUT OF THE SCHEDULE, THEN ACCUSED OF HAVING FALSE PALPITATION BY THEIR TRIAGE NURSE..I WAS LOOKING FORWARD FOR THE APPOINTMENT BECAUSE WAS HAVING PALPITATION ATTACK FOR MONTHS.  	1	4	4	4 	Insurance:Veterans Administration
97	1	For most of my adult life, I’ve dealt with jaw pain. Between grinding my teeth, clenching and the pain in my neck, I’d often find myself unable to relieve the pain at the end of a long day. I tried massages, physical therapy, countless night guards, an NTI guard and lots of ibuprofen, but none of them solved the problem. It wasn’t until a few months ago when I found Dr. Fallah and my life would be forever changed. As I explained my symptoms to Dr. Fallah, he grinned knowing he could help put all of that behind me.  In just a few visits, I was almost completely out of pain. And, the work he’s done is setting the stage for permanent relief. If you have jaw pain, I highly recommend you schedule a consultation with Dr. Fallah. I’m sure glad I did. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
97	1	Dr. Fallah's truly is an exceptional dentist.  He is holistic and knowledgeable with a huge wall full of fifty or more diplomas and certifications.   But the main thing is that is a super nice and kind guy who gave me a terrific-looking, natural smile that I show ALL the time now!  He and his whole office are lovely, friendly and I love the massage chairs.  I WAS dental-phobic before I went to Dr. Fallah -- and I recommend him to anyone who is looking for top-notch dental work teeth -- especially if they're looking for a comforting and, seriously, pleasant experience! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
98	1	One of the better doctors I've seen in a long time. He listened to my concerns and explained the condition throughly. But since I saw him on a walk-in &quot;emergency&quot; I was encouraged to refer back to my primary physician in his practice for f/u, which is not that thrilling since I liked his thorougn 		3	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
