dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
8	1	 Dr. Taban, while a bit aloof, is brilliant, helpful, and thorough.  I trust him completely! 	5	3	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	1	commentsDr. Taban is a good doctor, he gets things done and answers all questions. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	 DR. TA IS A GREAT DOCTOR. MY FAMILY ARE PATIENTS,& HAVE BEEN FOR 5 YEARS.  WE ARE VERY HAPPY WITH DOCTOR TA HE EVEN WILL MAKE YOU LAUGH!!!! 	4	3	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
11	-1	 waited almost a week for preg test results. called repeatedly and left vm for dr. no returned calls. finally after 5days receptionist said dr. wanted to discuss results w/me. unfortunately miscarried before i saw him. at appt. he did not know purpose of my visit although i tried to tell him i miscarried. took ~20min to find results - i could hear them scrambling. when he finally did, he came back into the office to congratulate me! obviously did not listen to me. admitting nurse confided that this is not uncommon. also always had to wait 20-60 min to see dr. i did not feel confident in his knowledge. very disappointing.  	1	1	1	2	Insurance:United Healthcare
14	1	 I don't like going to the dentist but I saw a new dentist in downtown SF – Dr. Maryam Tabar - and it was actually pretty positive.  It’s really nice for those of us who have to work during the week she’s open for appointments on Saturday.  She's the only dentist in the office and along with her assistant is doing ALL of the work even the cleaning.   The office itself is brand new with all modern equipment: computerized records and forms, new special drills and cleaning stuff, the chairs even give you a massage.  Overall the office has a modern professional feeling.    She is also extremely through – carefully checking for everything from cavities and gum disease to oral cancer.    I’m never going to like going to the dentist but I have at last found one I feel comfortable seeing.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
14	1	 awesome,A plus dentist.Beautiful office and very friendly staff.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Humana
14	1	 I would highly recommend this dentist.  She is very friendly and doesn't do a rush job like many other dentists that I have seen.  The office is also very clean, I was impressed. I would highly recommend her.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
15	1	 Dr. Taban saw me in a truly emergency state. I had been experiencing unexplainable pain for a couple of months, had been to E.R.s 4 times, &amp; no one could figure out what was happening to my body. It turned out that bacteria had settled in my neck bones &amp; had began to eat at them. By the time Dr. Taban was brought into my situation, 1 1/2 of my neck bones were crumbling &amp; my spinal cord was bulging. It took 2 surgeries, a couple of days apart, first going in from the front, &amp; then from the back, but he rebuilt my neck using wire, bolts, &amp; bone from my hips. My x-rays look like Frankenstein, but I have been able to return to almost the same lifestyle I had before the surgery. (At the time, it was possible that I would be paralyzed, or even not live through this event!) I am grateful to this skillful doctor for giving me back an active lifestyle with my husband, kids &amp; grandkids. I have even been able to go back to riding horses. Thank you, Dr. Taban.  Sincerely, Patricia Pandolfi 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	1	 having a second surgery with Dr. Taban and have always felt confident in his skills as a medical expert.  Ellen and Maria run the best medical office.  They are caring and helpful with every aspect of surgery.  Dr. Taban is very busy so plan on a couple weeks wait for an appointment.  A+ to Dr Taban and his excellent office staff.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:AnthemPaid/Co-pay:$10
15	1	commentsMy experience with Dr. Taban and his office staff Ellen and Maria was excellent.  The doctor and his staff are extremely professional and show you caring and compassion.  I would also like to say thank you to Dr. Taban's surgical staff who performed surgery with Dr. Taban on my neck and gave me a new life without pain.  Thank you to everyone and especially Dr. Taban who took a moment to watch a rainbow with me.  What an incredible doctor! 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	commentsHe did surgery on my sister.she was dismissed in 3days from the hospital.Dr .Taban did a very good job.I will recommend him very highly. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	 My surgery was scheduled for 2/6/12 and another on 2/8/12. I had discetomies and fusion from t-11 down to L-2. Hardware was already in place from L-3/L5 from a surgery in 2007. This surgery connected the T-11 to the existing hardware. My surgeries went with no complications and the Nursing and on staff Doctors was very attentive. Dr. Taban came by after hours to see how I was coming along on all three days of the procedures. His staff is uneqiivocally the best there is. All questions are answered professionally and in a timely manner. The only poor rating would be the Doctors not seeing you at your scheduled time, but you have his full attention when you are in the office with him.  	5	2	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	1	commentsDr. Taban impressed us with not only his knowledge in my diagnosis but also bedside manner. After undergoing many other doctor's attempts to avoid surgically removing a cyst that was severely compressing my nerve, Dr. Taban came to the rescue and has helped imprve my life. Friendly staff. Overall, very punctual and well mannered doctor. He knew what to do to help. Thanks 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	 I had fractured two cervical vertebra due to a fall.Dr.Taban was very thorough during his initial exam.After putting me on a regimen of high dose vitamin D and not seeing enough improvement,he had me try Forteo [a synthetic hormone].After seven months the vertebrae healed completely and I avoided surgery thanks to Dr. Taban.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Secure Horizons
15	-1	 I went to him years ago for a consultation for right leg pinched nerve pain. I cannot speak to his surgical abilities but I found him rude, arrogant, uninterested, and his advice was to walk 45 minutes a day EVEN IF THE PAIN IN MY LEG BECAME WORSE! I walked out of his office very discouraged and immediately sought out another doctor.  	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Workers Comp
15	1	 A pleasure working with him. Excellent and efficient bedside manner. An excellent surgeon. No side effects with my C7/T1 laminectomy due to his skill, I hope I don't need his skills in the future, BUT, if I do, I wouldn't hesitate using him again.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
15	-1	 What a joke...wait 7 weeks for an appointment and another 5 weeks for followup.  In the meantime, he says nothing and even dictates his report while you sit there.  That might be useful if he didn't mumble the whole time.  I found him arrogant, rude, non-responsive and disinterested.  	3	1	1	3	Insurance:Anthem
15	1	 I had significant pain radiating down my left arm, with associated numbness in my middle and index finger of my left hand. Family doctor recommended having an MRI and then review findings with Dr. Taban. MRI found a significant bulge coming out of my C7 disc. Was unable to function as the pain was relentless.  I tried a variety of recommendations for heat and cold therapy, etc.. Nothing worked, even Vicadin was not helpful. Rarely could even sleep. I was only 51 and feared the rest of my life would be filled with misery and painkillers. After reviewing the MRI with Dr. Taban, it was clear that surgery should be considered and was likely the only real solution to my pain. Throughout the entire pre-op process I learned how highly regarded a Neurosurgeon Dr. Taban was.Many told me that he is the best Neurosurgeon, and considered the best by staff. I am so thankful I had the surgery as I am now pain free. My body that was once riddled with pain is now pain free. TY Dr.  Taban!!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
15	1	 I met many Dr's before being refered to Dr.Taban I was impressed with his perfectionism. He replaced c3/4,c4/5,c5/6. cadavor disc's were used , I felt my surgery had been a complete success for the past 10yrs until pain in other parts of my body had suddenly made my life come to a complete STOP! Now that i need further surgery I can't seem to get him to tke me as a new Patient ( or old one ). I never really thought I would ever have to go threw this again. What once seemed to be the answer has now become a far bigger problem.  Love your Spine ! 	2	2	4	5	Insurance:Aetna
15	0	 It is very hard to get a fast appointment with Dr. Taban. I had to wait 3 months to see him. The day of the appt. I get a call telling me he is in surgery and will have to reschedule for 3 weeks.   Tells me to come back in 6 weeks and takes 2 1/2 months to get an appt.  My appt is at 4pm I get a call at 2:30 letting me know he wont be in. Reschedule till September and it is August 18th.   He does not tell you much other than what the report says. You need to fish answers from this guy.  I am in a lot of pain and I need to wait 3 more weeks this is rediculous.  	2	1	1	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	-1	 I was a patient of Dr. Asher Taban's  a few years ago - Recently I needed to see him again and was unable to get an appointment - I tried several times but got the run around - I have never encountered this before with any doctor (and I ahve seen alot of doctors). His staff is beyond unprofessional there are no words to describe them.  He is a great surgeon but that is where it ends.  If you are referred to him be cautious - it seems he does not like to deal with his patients unless they are under anesthesia.  	1	1	1	3	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
16	1	commentsfirst, what happened to the first reviewer sounds terrible, and i'm sorry to hear it.  i have to say, though, the doctor she describes sounds nothing like the Dr. Tabas who's treated me for 18 years and delivered 15 or so kids among my family and friends.  WE ALL LOVE HIM!!  I use him as my primary and trust him totally.  The most important to me is the time he takes each visit to understand as much about what's going on in his patient's life as possible so he can understand the context of the issues you came in with.  (that's why your appointment may begin a little late-- but don't worry-- he'll spend the same time with you he did with the patient before you!)  He's gentle, truly supportive, and truly caring. 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
16	-1	commentsThis MD botched a surgery on me some years back and then refused to &quot;make it right.&quot; I was sick in bed on disability for months and lost thousands of dollars because of it. He presented himself as an &quot;expert&quot; in a new, innovative surgical method, but given what happened to me (I nearly died) his knowledge must have been limited. Even after many years, I still have pain on a daily basis. Be careful: If something looks too good to be true, it probably is! 	1	5	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	commentsDr. Tabib is a wonderful doctor. I have been seeing him for years for various GI problems. He has always been very friendly and is always concerned about my problems. I am so happy to have found such a great doctor and will continue to see him. I would highly recommend him to others. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	commentsDr Tabatabaie Is a decent family doctor that can treat everyday illnesses like cold, flu, anything in that nature, but I’m not sure if he would be able to catch the more serious conditions!  Opposite of other doctors he actually takes his time to listen to his patience and would comfort them with his advice which is a huge plus for a doctor. The waiting time seems long 20-40 minutes, but then he takes his time when his with you so I guess the waiting is worth it. The only thing I didn’t like about this doctor was his hours of work which is short 10-4 pm and his usually on vacation so we have to see a substitute doctor which their specialty is in something else, very off too like Dermatologist or we have to go to a Urgent care!!! Overall if you live close to his office and you’re not in need of seeing a doctor all the time I would defiantly recommend him. 	3	2	4	3	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	 Very personable, caring and helpful. Great bedside manners.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
31	-1	commentsI saw a clip of Dr. Z talking and thought I would give her a chance. I ended up waiting over an hour in the waiting room, then, when she did see me, she took personal calls (2 to be exact) while with me. Apparently customer service means nothing&#63; After her second phone call she seamed upset and was rude thereafter to me. Never did have my issue resolved and had to find another doctor. You've been warned. 	1	1	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	 Knows his medications well, and tries to help you and figure out what you need. Office staff seems to have a bit of attitude, but competent.  	3	5	4	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	0	 He was very rushed, put eye drops in and then forgot if he put them in. It was like he wanted me out of there as fast as possible. I did not appreciate his curt remarks or his quick wish to go home. He was also not sensitive to my condition and gave me information in a matter-of=fact way without any sensitivity whatsoever.  	5	5	2	3	Insurance:HealthPartners
60	-1	commentsI paid 6 grand for braces and I am NOT satisfied with my mouth at all!!I have called after wires come loose and poke my mouth and THEY WILL NOT RETURN MY CALLS!! Very slow service, rude comments waste of money! Paid/Co-pay:$6000	3	2	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	 Very thorough, kind,and very reassuring!!! wonderful staff and he leaves no stone unturned. I love this Doc!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
65	1	comments 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	commentsDr. Ta took care of me during my last pregnancy.  He came in for my delivery in the middle of the night like he promised even though there was an on-call doctor who could have delivered my baby.  I'd recommend Dr. Ta to anyone who needs a doctor who is both a doctor and a good friend 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
71	-1	commentsI stop using her for any dental work. I used her for a couple of years not knowing any better. She always max my  insurance by doing all kinds of unnecessary work. She never show me my cavities and drilled into my teeth. I told her to change a molar silver filling to resin material. This tooth was done  when I was a teen.  Then she told me she had to do a root canal cuz the filling is so  close to my root. THis is a big lie.  Before I used Dr. Taat, I was using another dentist.  I moved so that is why I changed dentist.  I asked my old dentist to send me my X-rays , then I found out that the filling was very superficial on my molar.  She rude my tooth for monetary gain. She did an unnecesary root canal and I also had to paid for a crown.  Gee, this makes her a lot of money. Just changing my filling would only be less than $250 from my insurance. 	2	1	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
81	-1	commentsI received staph infection from a routine procedure due to the unsanitary office conditions. The staff was threatening when I informed them of my situation, and did not return my calls. Avoid at all costs. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	commentsI really like the way Dr. T remembers my whole family, and takes time to ask about how they are doing.   It shows that he really cares.  He also takes the time to listen to any other issues I have instead of jumping to a diagnosis.   And, he's good at what he does, and almost always fits us in when we need to see him.  What more could you want from a doctor&#63;  We think he's great. 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	 You got an ethical, super knowledgable, caring doctor all wrapped into one. And unlike other places, they don't make you sit and wait in the waiting room for ever. Everytime I have been there, I have been seen within 15 mintues or so.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
81	1	 Best overall dermatologist I have ever seen...and I had been to a few. He is honest and ethical besides just being a great clinician. I'm so glad to have found him.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
81	-1	commentsDr. Tabibian does NOT know what he's doing!  And, he's kind of rude and doesn't listen.  I was a patient of his for a couple of years and NEVER impressed with him or his staff.  I've finally had enough.  Word of advise, don't waste your time or money with this doc. 	1	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
81	-1	 May be okay for botox but strongly recommend you find another doctor if you have any medical condition that requires a dermatologist.  	1	4	2	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
81	1	commentsGreat doctor and office staff. Everyone takes into account what the patient needs.  Very thorough and understanding.  Does not rush the patients in and out.  Wonderful personality 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
86	0	commentsCancelled appt, waited for an hour, dirty waiting room, dr complained about her own ailments whole time. Would not recommend. 	2	1	3	3	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	 I have looked for a long time for a good Dr. and I think Dr. Tabib is the one I have been searching for! She is very professional and to the point, but she takes the time to talk to you. She is a strong woman and perhaps some might take it as being rude, but I like her straightforward approach. I will continue seeing her and would recommend her to others.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$100
86	-1	 They cancelled my appointment without calling me citing that Mona had an emergency. Then rescheduled the next appointment as well. Receptionists are very rude. No consideration for privacy. Nurse was exceptionally rude and told me if I didn't know what was wrong with me then they can't help me. Waited for over 45 minutes in the waiting room and over 30 minutes in the exam room. Mona made fun of my condition and told me it was gross and laughed at me. I had to tell her to stop because I was embarrased. My condition went untreated for many weeks due to the rescheduling and cancellations. Her prescribed treatment didn't work either. They don't validate parking.  		1	1	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$3500
88	1	 Dr. Tabak is an excellent physician, who is extremely knowledgeable about newborn pediatrics.  He is kind and has an excellent bedside manner.  	5	5	4	5	Insurance:Kaiser-PermanentePaid/Co-pay:$15
