dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	Dr. Jacob worked with me to find the right dose of Armour Thyroid for me.  This was no easy feat, but she was persistent and did not try to talk me into another course of therapy, which after almost 28 years, I had experience with just about all the thyroid medications on the market.  She was pleasant and concerned.  At subsequent appointments she even recalled personal things I had talked to her about.  I wish her the much success.  I will certainly miss her thoughtful care in Burbank, CA.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
1	-1	This was one of the WORST doctors I have EVER seen!!  RUN don't walk from her!!  I saw her because of my hypothryoid condition and she had the nerve to tell me the reason I felt the way I do (fatigued with easy weight gain) was because I wasn't eating well.  She didn't listen to me and my concerns, neglected to look at my overall TSH number, which was 4.1 (2.75 is considered the average according to the new American Endocrinology Assoc. guidelines).  That number is ABOVE the norm, or hypothyroid, with the meds I was on!!  She said I was within &quot;normal limits&quot;.  This &quot;doctor&quot; proceeded to hand me a DIET BOOK, and advised I eat no more than 900 calories a day, along with exercise to lose weight!!  I left the office depressed and confused as to why I was given such information.   Low and behold, after searching the internet I found out that she was in error and I was not!!  Moral of the story - be an advocate for your health and trust your instincts!  Shame on you, &quot;Dr&quot; Jacob!! 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Pacificare
2	1	doesnt  get any better than this doctor. he know his stuff and is very gentle and kind. he also has very good prices and alot of specials. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	Dr. Jackson is our Mom's cardiologist, and we LOVE him! Whatever Dr. Jackson says we do - not because we're blind sheep...because he's just that brilliant!!! He's got the rare combination of medical brilliance and excellent bedside manner. I've never had a problem with his staff, but maybe I'm just more tolerant because I know what Dr. Jackson can do! My time is very valuable, but if I've got wait for Dr. Jackson to see my Mom then I consider that invested time - not wasted time! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	0	The doctor is O.K. but good luck in trying to get by his staff. I found it impossible to make an appointment by phone and had to visit the office and interrupt a private conversation between the office staff in order to schedule an appointment.  	1	2	2	3 	Insurance:Medicare
4	-1	Let's just put it this way. He made a mistake during hip replacement surgery and franticly scrambled around while my father lay on the table bleeding out. Almost lifeless he finally got taken to a REAL surgeon who said that Dr. Jaffin should not be practicing medicine. One month later my father is still in a hospital bed. Don't put your life in the hands of Dr. Jaffin, you may not live to regret it. 	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	Dr. Jaffin is one of the most caring and knowledgable doctors I have ever met. I had had 2 surgeries on my ankle and both had been screwed up and he repaired the damage and it has never felt better. He and his staff are very attentative and he is a totally interesting man if you get to know him.God Bless you Dr.  J 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
4	-1	I had seen him 3 times.  Each time he compared my pain with his.  He is not a women.  He did not have two children.  He did not have a horrible epidural.  He always treated me rude and then went into the other room and treated that patient with respect.  Everytime he would do the same exact test by pushing on my back.  Everytime leaving bruises and leaving me in more pain (for weeks after) and inappropriate medicine to treat it.  I was never given an exact plan of action.  I was just suppose to be in pain while he plays the guessing game. I am sure he works for some people, but deffinately not me. 	5	4	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	He is great.  Most Ortho's I've seen or worked with were very hard to deal with.  Their ego's filled the room.  This guy is down to earth. Very personable and realisitc.  He does what is best for you not what will put more money in his pockets.  He fixed a  botched surgery from another ortho and I am very happy with the results.  He is a pretty busy guy so at times his office is just packed.  Yet if he is running late the apologies are genuine and the gift cards are handed out!  he's great and I'd reccommend him to anyone not just cause all around he is a kind hearted man but he knows his stuff and is in the game to get you up and running in good contition.  	4	2	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
4	1	 	4	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	One smart doctor! Great bedside manner, subtle humor and the skill to get my sick self through a giant surgery. 	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	-1	This doctor has a very condescending attitude, I would not use him for any purpose.  He does not listen talks over you and has a basic know it all attitude.  I am in the presence of many doctors and have never had any one treat me as poorly as he did. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	Excellent!Caring, Oncologist. Willing to go &quot;Outside the Box&quot; for results. Yes he will fight for you. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	The doctor himself is good. He's knowledgeable, takes him time with you, and has very good equipment. He also has a good personality and is personable. his staff, however, are not so friendly and the wait can sometimes be very long.  	1	1	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	Great and knowledgeable Doctor, has wonderful bed-side manner.  Also has a holistic approach for treatment!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
9	1	very caring doctor. He taught me about many mind-body healing techniques. I really liked that! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	-1	very rude and belligerent. Spent more time about El Pollo Loco than he did the actual visit, I was very unsatisfied. I dont go to doctors to get screamed at about my life choices.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	1	Dr. Jackson is an awesome doctor. He listens and open to questions that i may have. His staff are terrific too. He has performed surgery on me and what an awesome job he did. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	-1	.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
11	-1	Dr. Keith did not address my issues at all and to say the least he cancelled my broken nose surgery the night before the surgery.   So, I took my time off from work for nothing and continued to suffer from nose pain.  Doctor took a lot of money from my insurance and always remembered to get co-pay from me.   Being irritated and always on the run Dr. Keith was never interested in listening to my concerns ever.    Thank you Doctor for nothing. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	My great appreciation for this physician is difficult to express. He listened and explained better than any previous physician and solved my very scary problem. I had chronic sinusitis that had gotten aggressively worse for six months. I  was given an antibiotic and nasal steroid by other doctors that either solved the congestion or the infection but left me without the ability to smell anything.  Dr, Jackson restored me from having only 4 senses to 5  by the very first dose of medication he prescribed.I am immensely grateful for the caring and knowledgeable treatment he gave me. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	-1	I broke my nose and then he performed surgery to put it back into place. First I was told to arrive earlier than scheduled, which I did, and then he was late. After the surgery I had no pain, and never did. All I got was a nose cast. The cast came off and my nose looked exactly the same as it did before the surgery. I strongly believe I paid $250 to get put out and wear a nose cast for one week. I was out during surgery, but I think he just put a nose cast on and said it was surgery. How can I prove that&#63; It looks the exact same, and I had no nose pain.  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Pacificare
11	-1	Doctor was not interested in listening well. Was 30 minutes late, charged $250 (my portion alone) to take was out of my ear. Told him it would not help - he did it anyway. AWEFUL EXPERIENCE. I actually waited 3 months before writing this to make sure that I let the anger die down and was remotely objective.  	2	1	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	1	I received a thorough hearing test by a Dr Audiologist then saw my ear infection on a TV screen with Dr. Jackson. It was the most thorough and conscientious consultation I ever had. And it worked! My painful smelly pounding ears cleared up after medicine and surgery. I highly recommend without hesitation. It's the place to go for stubborn blocked ears and infections. And my dad finally got hearing aids and we got dad back! Best team and well worth the reasonable price. I didn't have insurance. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	Superior skill from Dr William House and Howard House,voted Best Otologist in Orange County and Best Doctors in America!! Takes time with us and figures out dizzy or hearing problems others didn't. Kind and uses top audiologists and hearing aids for lowest prices.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
12	1	I saw my PCP due to my sudden hearing loss and he said that it was nothing to wory about. 2 days later I began to hear a ringing and felt a little pressure in my left ear. Still my doctor said it was nothing. After a little research on the web, I heard of this amazing doctor Jackson and made my appointment. THANK GOODNES I DID. She was able to retreive the hearing decibals that were temporarily lost!!!!! There is NO OTHER doctor out there who is as honest and REAL as this doctor.  She really can fix anything!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
13	1	I wish he took my insurance. He stopped and so I got left out. He is the Very Best and very personable!!! It is true, you are never rushed by him and he will break down everything to make you feel at east. Wish he did not have to change out his insurance stuff. Truly miss him. Bonus is that he is in his 40's or early 50's who is current in thought and will be around for a long time!!! His nurse does NOT know how to draw blood without leaving a mark on the arm. My only complaint.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
13	1	He used to take my insurance - but does not currently.  He is absolutly great.  When you go into his office for an annual exam, he sits with you for over an hour and goes over absolutly everything you can and can not imagine.  He is great.  I have never gotten an annual exam that wasn't rushed until I meet him. I would highly recommend him.  Great doctor. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	During my visit I felt that I was treated very well.I would absolutely recommend this doctor to my family and friends.  I felt this visit was an amazing success!Overall I would rate this visit : outstanding! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	-1	I went to Dr. Jackson for a breast reduction and lift.  When she was done with me I was larger than when I started and there was NO lift.  My breasts and nipples were misshapen and she refused to take responsibility for the mess.  I got several other doctors opinions as to what went wrong and they all said she had done the wrong procedure.  I asked for my money back and Dr. Jackson refused offering to re-do the surgery.  I do not trust her to redo the surgery and was not able to recover my money. 	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
15	-1	Dr. Jackson is a true JOKE, she is very unprofessional. I had SottoPelle about 9 months ago with a different Doctor and it worked well. I went to Dr. Jackson about 1 month ago for the same treatment, the results are totally  different. I still have hot flashes and I still fell bad. She has made every excuse in the world why this happened. But what's so bad, my girl friend went to her for the same treatment and she has not gotten any positive results either. Don't waste your money or time or health with Dr. Jackson you will regret it. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
15	-1	Dr. Jackson seems like a very nice woman. Having said that - I'm not happy with services provided. I originally went since her practice is at Cedar's Sinai, a very reputable hospital, and assumed that she would be a good doctor. She diagnosed me with a UTI, but I later realized after I left that she and her assistant forgot to take a urine sample (which is basically the only true way to know). I later realized that she was probably wrong in her diagnosis, and I had to go to another doctor. Also, she said that I would receive results back from other samples she took within 3-5 days. 3 weeks later, the lab she hired STILL had no results for me, and I was told - &quot;didn't they tell you we were backed up&#63;&quot; I answered no, they did not. The results came back &quot;inconclusive&quot;, but in my opinion, the lab probably did even not do the test in the proper time to even make a correct analysis.  	 1/31/10	2	2	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	0	I was a patient here for several years. Dr. Jackson seems like she knows what she's doing and I felt that she was competent, however, I eventually stopped seeing her based on several factors. One, I can't remember ever getting in to see the doctor on time, and sometimes would wait over an hour to see a doctor/nurse practitioner, and the office was so busy that often every seat would be taken, sometimes with pregnant women standing. Two, every time I called, I asked to make an appointment with Dr. Jackson, but all but a couple of times I saw a revolving door of other doctors and nurse practitioners, with no explanation given as to why I wasn't seeing the doctor I made the appointment with. Three, Dr. Jackson never remembered me, even after going to her office for four years. Four, she was very brusque and never spent a lot of time in the exam room. Overall, while I feel that I was provided satisfactory care, I feel that this office should pay more attention to customer service. 	3	1	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
15	-1	I'm pregnant. Strike 1: In my second visit we were asked to reschedule or wait an hour. We waited 2 hours and when we finally saw her she was rude and didn't answer any of the questions. Instead she sent in Ashley who just confused us and said i was high risk (i am not). On my third visit i waited over an hour in a paper sheet waiting for her to enter the room. Strike 2:Dr. Jackson has given me 3 vaginal ultrasounds due to spotting. In all 3 she has removed the probe cover and placed it in my lap. The third time she did it i asked her not to and she said just to ball it up in the paper gown i was wearing. That is extremely inappropriate considering she has a trash can, that paper sheet is currently being worn by ME, AND i asked her NOT to do it. Strike 3: I had morning sickness and was losing weight. She swore to me the medication she gave me was &quot;safe&quot; and was offended that i even asked. I got it and not only was it a CLASS C drug(harm to fetus)but it was also for RECTAL use.  RUN! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	1	I have been going to Dr. Jackson's office for a few years now & have NEVER had a problem. Her staff is always nice & attentive, I never have to wait weeks for an appointment & most importantly she makes me feel comfortable. I personally think a lot of these negative responses are people trying to sabotage.  I'm just saying!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
15	-1	This was my first visit to Dr. Jackson's office and it was a terrible experience. The dr. said she was going to conduct a certain number of tests but when I called for results I found out only two of them had been done. In addition it took me multiple tries to get any test results at all. The staff kept putting me on hold and coming back with results from one test but not the other and having to go back to &quot;check (my) file&quot;. The exam she did was not at all thorough and she seemed to just want to churn through as many patients in one day as possible. All in all the worst gyn experience I've ever had. I am going to repeat my pap with another doctor as I don't trust this doctor or her staff at all. She is a complete waste of time.  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Aetna
15	0	I thought I was the only one who had a problem with this office and the doctor. I waited well over an hour to be seen. There was only 1 person that had went in before I did and no one else in the waiting room. When I entered the patient area, it looked like some East LA free clinic. When I called to make appts, the staff was rude - got hung up on twice during extended hold periods AND they called me to reschedule an appt 10 minutes before the appt was to occur! the doctor herself was just okay but was extremely rushed during our few minutes together.  	1	1	2	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
15	1	Dr. Gail Jackson was amazing.  I felt very cared for throughout my pregnancy.  I ended up having an emergency Cesarean Section and she held me while they put my spinal annesthesia in.  She was so comforting.  I healed so well and she does not use staples.  You can't see my scar.  There was a baby shower for us in the office.  I love her staff too...Ashley is the best 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	-1	Going to this Dr. was a huge mistake. My original Dr. dropped all of her HMO patients and I was referred to Dr, Jackson. I have a huge cyst on my ovary and I am in tremendous pain. She didn't even look at me, sent a nurse practioner in and gave advice through her. Then said take some birth control pills and see you in a few months. Never even saw me. I had an ultrasound and the cyst is getting larger. She never called me, I had to call her and she made a mistake reading the chart. Then says maybe you have cancer, come in for a blood test. Throws this out there like its no big deal. SO RUDE and thoughtLESS!. I could never get her on the phone and she never called me back. I was in ALOT of pain. Finally found a new Dr. after 4 months of waiting for the completely incompetent DR. Jackson, My new Dr. took one look at the ultrasound and did an examine (did it himself!) and immediately said I need to have it surgically removed and was so proactive. Don't ever see Dr.  Jackson, RUN! 	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	-1	Gail Jackson is the worst doctor ever.  I went to her for a yeast infection.  She was very rude and not compassionate at all.  She made me feel as if I was a second class citizen.  Her staff was rude and acted as if I was bothering them.  She was cold and dry.  She was recommended to me by a friend.  I will never return to that office again.   She should turn in her own license!!!!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	1	Dr. Jackson is very thoughtful and caring.  No doctor could figure out why I was feeling so badly.  She told me my hormones were out of balance and gave me bioidentical hormones.  I feel fabulous for the  first time in many years. Her staff is so kind.  I even had lunch there. 	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	-1	I went to dr jackson after I got pregnant w/ a fertility spec. I have a history of auto-immune issues and was told I was high risk. I am also over 35. I also had a previous m/c. The spec. put me on prednisone due to the auto-immune history and previous m/c. When it came time to figure out if I should stop the drug or continue, she didn't know what to do. i asked for a referral, either to our fert spec or to a perinatologist. She claimed she didn't know what to do. I left her and went to another OB who immediately gave me a referral back to the fertility spec. She also never mentioned CVS or other genetic testing. I had to bring it up with her. Our specialist also asked when my last thyroid test was taken. I said about 3 months ago. He said that needed to be checked much more often (I have a history of thyroid disorder) which i had told dr jackson on our first visit. For these reasons I feel she was NOT taking care of me or my pregnancy and couldn't be trusted in the case of a problem.  	4	4	1	2 	Insurance:CIGNA
15	-1	Her staff is rude, the office poorly run, and patients are made to feel like a low priority. I'm only embarassed that I waited so long to find another OB/GYN. 	1	1	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	I am in menopause. I thought I would have a choice of what type of treatment I would get such as synthetic or natural. The only treatment I was told about was her natural treatment. I had to do a lot of research to find out if her treatment was the treatment I wanted. I knew I preferred natural but I don't think that the treatment was explained as well as it should have been. I was given a card with information. I got the implants in my hip and I love it. I don't feel any negative side effects. I have more energy. My hot flashes are minimal and I'm not irritable. I have had my implant for a couple of days. I think this is going to be an excellent treatment for me but I would have preferred to have the doctor explain the treatment in detail. Dr. Jacksons personality is pleasant and professional but she has very little time to spend with her patients.  	3	3	3	4 	Insurance:CIGNA
15	-1	I really wish I would have found this site before I visited this &quot;doctor&quot;. Her office assistants are VERY rude, one even flat out ignored the questions I asked her. She had on a big gold chain that read &quot;Sha-Sha&quot;. I'm thinking, &quot;is this the DMV&quot;&#63;&#63;&#63; I waited an hour and a half to see her for under 8 minutes. No kidding-I counted. She was polite but short, and basically showed no interests in my concerns. I've been very frustrated with my condition and I left that office feeling totally helpless. I will NEVER return there, and I suggest you find another Gyno. Dr. Jordan Harris was much better, but my insurance changed. Please do NOT visit this quack. She is out to make money-that's it. And her ghetto office staff need to return to DeVry and brush up on their customer service skills.  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Pacificare
15	-1	Dr. Jackson tried to sell me on her therapies for menopause because, and I quote, &quot;I have to get my daughter through medical school!&quot; A question I had on severe post-coital headaches got a, &quot;I have no idea&quot; response.  Like many others, I will not be returning to her office.  	3	3	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	-1	There's so much to say about my experience with Dr. Jackson it's hard to know where to begin. Let's start off with her poor bedside manner. The red flag should've been when I went in for a pap and while I'm in the middle of the exam her cell phone rings she answers it - still in the room she proceeds to have a 5 min conversation w/ girlfriend setting up a lunch date. She could have had the courtesy to excuse herself from my exam room and have this personal conversation outside of my earshot. I was mortified! Since she was my OB, once I got pregnant I figured I would continue to see her - what a mistake! Let me just say this. In my 13th week of pregnancy I told her I was sick and it might be a good idea if I took a week off of work.  Her response was &quot;I can't take you off of work, if I take you off of work they are going to ask me why you're sick&quot; she looks at ME & asks ME &quot;why are you sick&#63;&quot; Puzzled I said your the doctor, I'm the patient why don't you tell me! I will not be going back! 	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
15	-1	This was the worst doctors office I have ever been to. No exaggeration. I waited more than an hour and a half to be seen by a nurse, I never even saw a doctor. I feel very ripped off because of my experience. I will never go back to this office. I wouldn't recommend her practice to anyone. I don't even know if the doctor was knowledgable, I never met her, I only met the nurse. Of course I got billed as if I had seen a doctor.  Stay away!! 		1	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
15	-1	I went to Dr. Jackson for a number of years and in the first few she was very nice and helpful. As time passed, she became much busier and I began to wait longer and longer even sitting in a very cold exam room in a paper gown for over an hour with no word from her staff. The front desk staff was rude and never helpful when I called.  		1	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	0	With one exception, the staff is rude. Dr. Jackson was very nice at our first appointment, but unprofessionally asked me for a professional favor while I wasn't clothed! She was short and rude at every appt. since. When my husband switched jobs and our insurance lapsed, her office insisted on my paying for an overcharged out of pocket appt. in order to refill my basic BC Rx, even though I have no risk factors and planned to see her when insurance restarted. She seemed to resent my business and frankly, I cannot imagine being comfortable with her as my OB if I get pregnant.  		2	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	-1	I feel that the wait for OB patients to see the doctor is always at least one hour and the doctor spends just a few minutes with you after that. The staff seems incompentent. 		1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	Well, I went to Dr. Jackson about 18 years ago when I was pregnant with my first set of twins. She was was helpful and upfront. She was very conccerned with my and my babies health. I remember her taking her own child to a baby sitter to be at the hospital with me instead of just having the on staff Dr. call her. She was the one who told mer I was having twins while I was in care with another provide who didn't say anything to me about being big. She was very compassionate to a scared single mom to be.  		3	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
15	-1	This was the worst experience I've ever had at a doctor's office. It was my 1st pregnancy, and after consistently waiting 1.5+ hrs to see her (and getting shuffled from waiting room to waiting room in the process), she'd spend maybe 5 minutes tops with me. Never remembered me from one visit to the next. Told me I was having twins. When my husband asked, &quot;How do you know&#63;&quot; she said, in huffy manner, &quot;It's my job to know.&quot; Turns out she was wrong. The woman at the front desk is VERY rude and would talk to the nurse about me, in front of me, as if I wasn't there. I'd get so stressed out about going to my appointments because each one was worse than the last (waits were longer, people were meaner). After 3 visits, I finally switched doctors, and ended up being so much happier. Even though I signed a request to transfer my medical records to the new doctor's office, it took repeated requests and MONTHS for them to finally do it. Bottom line: run from Gail Jackson.  		1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
15	-1	G.J. was very unprofessional and down right nasty, did not give me the time, practically shoved me out . I called minutes after I was treated like a second class citizen, I asked for some clarity as to why I was treated in such a disrespectful manor and she said, &quot;pick another doctor&quot; (click) I don't know who was worst Jackson or her front desk crew.  &quot;Its Jackson if your nasty&quot; 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	-1	Rude staff and very disorganized. I never got to meet doctor Jackson. Nurses are unprepared and overworked. I got two blood works done incorrectly and ended up with a severily bruised arm and wrong results.  		2	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	1	Very disorganized practice! Wait times can be longer than 1 hr. Practice is too busy to give quality care. Dr Jackson seems knowledgeable but does not remember you from one visit to another.  Results of diagnostic tests are reported to you after 2-3 wks! 		1	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	-1	DO NOT GO TO THIS DOCTOR! He is rude, unhelpful, and just plain STUPID. If your looking to waste time and money, heres thhe spot! 	 8/23/11	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
17	-1	Aggressive, eyelid cancers advanced while surgery was delayed for more than a month.  Doctor behaved unprofessionally and made inappropriate comments.  Discussed patient information outside of HIPPA guidelines. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
17	-1	Dr. Jacobs injected my botox. the bottle had been diluted a &quot;few days&quot; before but he told me it would still be good. i think botox was over diluted and old- i had no effect AT ALL except for the intense stinging sensation from too much saline.  my face was bruised in 3 places where he did the injections and he did not wash his hands before entering the room to do my procedure.  he walked from one patient exam room to mine (the rooms have no sinks).   I WILL NEVER GO BACK TO THIS GUY and would not recommend him to anyone! 	5	2	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
17	1	Dr. Jacobs did my upper bleph surgury. He said he could get them even to 1 mil. He did a great job, no pain at all. Hes great with patients. He makes you feel like you are the only patient he has for the whole day! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	Dr. Yahya Jaber is one of the bedt nicest dentists I've met in a long time! He's very nice, kind, does his best to put you at ease if you're nervous or anxious. He explains every step of the procedure he's about to do and answers any questions you may have before he starts. He's very thorough, and careful. He is the very best! He's also very good looking. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	0	He is polite, nice, and does best to put you at ease. but if at one point you disagree,he stops hearing what you said, and hears what he perceives to be what you said. 	3	4	4	2 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	I have known Dr. Jacobson for 15 years and he is one of the best doctor I know. He is very professional, polite and extremely knowledgeable. He also explains things very clearly and try to cheer up a patient if he/she is very sick. His ability to figure out the right diagnosis a far superior to the average doctor. He is awesome.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	Teriffic. Very knowlegeable and thorough. Have been seeing him for over 10 years now 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	-1	The staff needs improvement.Dr Jackson is knowledgeable and shows genuine concern.  Only one visit so far, lets see how the next visit goes.  	1	3	2	2 	Insurance:Delta Dental
21	1	I highly recommend Dr Jabaji. She has an idea about what is good for kids, such as vaccinations, and she doesn't hide it. She doesn't give up if the answer is not immediately apparent. She takes patients during lunch, so she can help everyone who needs it. She has medical insight, intuition and knowledge. She cares about her patients. I wish every doctor were as devoted to her work as she is.  She's no-nonsense, but very sincere and caring. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	-1	.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
21	1	Dr. Jabaji always has the patient's best interest in mind. The front desk is nice and helpful. She is patient and very funny. Love all the toys in the office and beautiful murals.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	-1	unacceptable waiting time , we had to leave after 1.5 hour wait without been seen... don`t waste your time 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
21	1	Love Dr. Jabaji.  She is a &quot;no bones about it&quot; pediatrician and tells you what you need to hear and not what you want to hear as a parent.  I for one appreciate her knowledge and feedback.  Both my children are both with Dr. Jabaji and we love her. I highly recommend her to anyone looking for an experienced pediatrician.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
21	1	Dr. Jabaji has been our pediatrician for 12 years. She takes the time to listen to me and also make my children feel comfortable. She respects the fact that I don't like to medicate my children unless absolutely neccessary. Years ago when my son had to be hospitalized I think she felt as bad as we did. He had been in her office that day, but later that eve. took a turn for the worse and she felt bad she did admit him earlier. I was very impressed by that because I don't think most doctors would be so honest. All my kids are in great health. Thanks Dr.  Jabaji! 	3	3	4	4 	Insurance:Pacificare
21	1	She one helluva doctor. Best Ped every come across. She treats my kids as though they are one of hers. When my son was ill with high fever for 7 days and no diagnosis with no other symptom this sweet lady was in constant touch with us over the phone even on a weekend so much that she even gave us her cell phone. We have had this wonderfull experience with not once but 4x in the past 7 years , since my baby #1 was born in 2002. SHE IS EXCEEDINGLY GOOD. LISTENS TO HER PATIENTS VERY SYMPATHETICALLY AND GETS INVOLVED WITH THEIR PAIN. NEVER IGNORES WHAT U HAVE TO SAY. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	Dr. Jabaji is a truly impressive doctor with an excellent bedside manner. While she was checking our daughter, she would close her eyes in deep concentration while she listened to her heartbeat. Then she would stop, smile at us, and continue conversing. It seemed that she was as interested in talking to us as she was in our young. I was also impressed by her listening skills, I made a quick remark at the beginning of our visit, half an hour later she's referring back to that remark to talk more about it. Wish I could remember what it was.  Gave us lots of tips on how to deal with a two year old, gave us great conversation, made us feel really comfortable, definitely an A+ physician in my book! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
21	1	This is probably the best peds doctor ever. She is genuine and really cares about children. She is hard working, honest, and nice. She is very passionate about her work. I highly recommend her and would not change her for the world.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
21	1	I have been taking my kids to Dr. jabaji since my oldest was born in 2000, and before that my sis took her 2 sons since 1991. She is so knowledgeable, kind and straight forward which is refreshing in these times where Dr.s will prescribe anything & everything. She doesnt mess around. Which is good. I completely trust her w/ my most valuable assets..... my kids.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
21	1	She always was willing to see our baby as soon as possible, which is reassuring to first time parents. Dr. Jabaji answers all our questions and is able to explain why we need to do certain things. We are so fortunate that our baby is in such great medical care.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	. she is so fabulous and very customer service oriented 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	Excellent doctor.  I have seen many doctors in my days and she is easily one of the best.   She is great with kids, very knowledgeable and friendly, but also down to business 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	Dr Jabaji saved my daughters life.  When my daughter was born, she was fine, a week later she was loosing weight.  The doctor I had at the time could not fit us in.  I called a friend who referred me to Dr Jabaji (she took us right in).  She took a look at my 1 week old baby, made sure I was sitting and said please take her to the hospital immediately.  She ensured I was ok to drive, then called the hospital to ensure they were ready when we walked in.  A true lifesaver.  My daughter is now 3 1/2, is as healthy as can be and absolutely loves Dr Jabaji.  I do to.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
21	1	Dr Jabaji is an excellent doctor. She is pro-breastfeeding and gave me good advice regarding my newborn. She knew what things to not worry about versus what needed to be looked into further.  	3	4	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	Dr Leila Jabaji is a very knowleadgble doctor. She is good with kids. Diagnosis is very good. Very friendly, approachable and good with kids. Will definitely recommend. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	Dr. Jabaji is exceptional with children, which makes the visit,that much easier. Her knowledge is valuable and always such a pleasant and patient person to see. Our children have seen her for the past 10 years. Would highly recommend her.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
21	1	Dr. Jabaji is an excellent doctor. She has the right balance of qualities for a doctor. She is confident, humorous, and helpful. It seems that she always knows when to worry and how to soothe my concens. I appreciate the short wait times and the willingness to see my daughter spur of them moment. I have also called the switchboard at off times and have always been directly transfered to her personal number. Her office is warm and the murals in each room cheer up my daughter after one of her shots.I would recommend her to anyone with children. She is the best doctor in the area... by far.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Pacificare
21	1	Dr. Jabaji has been my two children's pediatrician for 16 years. I have worked in the medical field for 35 years and made my choice to have her as our doctor watching her in the ICU where I worked and her interactions with staff and parents. She is amazing. The only problem is that my children enjoy her so much they want to see her even when they are not sick....almost making excuses to see her. Every person I have recommended to Dr. Jabaji is as ecstatic as I am. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	Dr. Jabaji is a very thorough and competent pediatrician. She is sympathetic to the nerves of a new parent and is very patient. Dr. Jabaji is an amazing diagnostician. She is also very adaptable to your parenting choices and will give you her opinion about hot topics, but in the end will team up with the parent to provide the best care for the child. Dr. Jabaji is an amazing physician. I have personally recommended her to several people and of the 6 sets of parents who have taken me up on my recommendations, they are all as happy as I with her as their child's pediatrician.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	1	I really, really like her. She is very easy going and has a great bedside manner. Her assistant is great too. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	Anne-Marie is an amazing doc.  She really listens and offers pro-active solutions.  She delivered both my kids & I see her for annuals.  I HIGHLY recommend her.   Her bedside manner is unparalled and her medical skills are fantastic! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
22	1	Anne-Marie has been my ob for over 11 years - delivered my 2 kiddos and was caring, attentive and listened to my concerns.   I have my annuals with her too and the same good review applies! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
22	1	Dr.  Jackson is one of the best doctors on the planet!  She is beautiful on the inside and the outside!  She is a great listener, an expert in her field, and supportive! I hope she teaches at a Medical School to instruct other doctors on what it means to be a great doctor!  So kind, so smart!  Her staff is also wonderful: Gina and the whole front office are all AWESOME! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	1	Smart, nice, patient -though, have felt a bit infantalized. Nevertheless, she's highly skilled. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	Pleasant Canadian; pragmatic & un-flaky. Prodigious intellect and memory, esp. in psychopharmacology. Will look things up if at all unsure rather than bluff through. Professional, personable, not into wasting your time (& sympathetic to odd emergencies). 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	Best in his field 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	great experience 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	I found him to be incredibly helpful and understanding, taking his time to not only answer all the questions I had (and I had a lot) but also he was ready to talk about the nature of the surgery in detail and give me information about the type of recovery that I would have.  When I asked about the worst case outcomes, he had answers and was straightforward in what he thought were the likely results.  He was accurate and friendly, knowledgable and a good listener.  You don't always get all of that in a world class surgeon.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
26	-1	If you have an undiagnosed vestibular disorder and you're hoping Dr. Jackler will help you, make an appointment with someone else.  He spent 30 minutes with my medical record and 15 minutes with me.  He ordered no tests.  He does not believe in fistulas.  He thinks BPPV treatments are hoaxes.  He said people like me could benefit from therapy and told me to get on with my life.  He offered no diagnosis, physical rehabilitation, or tests.  Ordered no MRI to explopre head injury.  Void of personality.  Asked me to hop on nerve damaged ankle.  Spun me around in a chair and did not attempt to catch me when I fell.  I left heartbroken & bruised.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Tricare
27	-1	We saw Dr. Jadali for a simple ultrasound to see if the twins were identical or fraternal. The wait was over an hour in a hot and packed wait area. They prep my wife in one of many rooms waiting over 30 minutes plus for the doctor. Keep in mind we only had very specific instructions to find out if these twins are identical or fraternal. After a short ultrasound he goes his way and we get to leave this awful and very cold, unfriendly appt. I get the bill in the mail shortly after for $3,000. I am responsible for $1,000 and my insurance gets slammed with the other $2,000. I'm still trying to figure out what they did that cost $3,000. There were line items on the bill that made absolutely no sense at all. I called and hashed it out over 3 phone calls. This got me 20% off after I threatened to go to the med board and post a review online. Not to mention the wait time and overall vibe makes you feel like a cow waiting for slaughter, not a new mother preparing for a special birth.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
27	-1	The wait for me was 45 minutes and it was HOT! I kept thinking they know we are all pregnant and it's 80 degrees outside right&#63;! This was my second apt at his office.  The first one went fine.. as in everything came up normal so there wasn't much else to discuss.  The second time, I was so excited because it was the gender ultrasound.  As the lady was conducting the ultrasound, Dr. Jadali walks in and proceeds to tell me in a very unprofessional and insensitive manner that my baby is 98% fine, but 2% shows a soft marker for DS! Then he asked if I wanted to proceed with an amnio. When I paused to process the news I just recieved, he leaned over and said, &quot;Do you understand what I'm saying&#63;&quot; I said yes can I think about it for 2 minutes, he said yes and walked out. No explanantion of the procedure itself, no going over other options or what it meant if I chose not to, no risks versus pros.   He is a rude man and I will NEVER return back to his office!!! I have decided NOT to get the amnio 	5	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
27	0	The waiting room was packed like sardines, and almost 2 hours after our appointment Dr. Jadali, showed up. He wasn't even at the office! Very unprofessional, minimally informative, and requested additional appointments with no explanations why. It felt like an assembly line to work through as many patients as possible per day in order to bill as much to the insurance companies as is possible. Yes, he actually make insurance companies look like the good guys! Go find another doctor. 	3	1	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
27	-1	I would NOT recommend Dr. Jadali to anybody.  He schedules unnecessary appointments and performs unnecessary procedures only so that you get billed for extra services not covered by your insurance.  Because of this, the wait is VERY long.  I even once waited for almost an hour with that gooey gel on my belly!  He is very insensitive, rude and lacks bedside manners.  Avoid Dr.  Jadali at all costs! 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
27	-1	This is our second time around with Jadali and I am outraged by his treatment of patients.  Every contact point demonstrates a singular focus on maximizing profits at the clients expense.  Appointments are deliberately overbooked our last appointment took 3 hours with all but 30 minutes in the waiting room (or on the floor in the hall).  We've never waited less than an hour.  The waiting room is small and overcrowded.  They don't turn on the AC either so it is hot.  The staff may be on the nice side, but there aren't enough of them so every step in the process is bogged down.  Staff push tests that are costly and unnecessary.  They will book additional and unnecessary follow up appointments. Jadali spends minimal time with patient as he room hops multiple patients to ensure he can bill as much as possible. He may be a competent doctor but his practices demonstrate contempt for his patients.   Avoid if at all possible 	2	1	1	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
27	-1	I was pregnant with twins.Cervix went from 4cm to 2.5cm in 4 weeks time.I was upset when tech told me current length of cervix due to research I had done on complications during pregnancy.When Jadali came in room he said babies looked fine.I then asked, you are concerned about the cervix, right&#63; Jadali said, no, I’m not concerned about the cervix.I was already having concerns about Jadali’s judgment prior to this date,so I had an appt scheduled with Dr. Tabsh at UCLA one day later for a second opinion.24 hours after seeing Jadali, Dr. Tabsh put me in the hospital and performed a cerclage because  cervix was now less than 2cm. Tabsh barely had cervix to work with so I was then put on bedrest for 10 weeks.I would have lost my twins if I would have relied on Jadali. I heard about Tabsh from a friend of mine who lost twins at 34 weeks while under the care of Jadali. Please please please go to another doctor.  If you truly do have a high risk pregnancy your child’s life depends on it.  	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
27	-1	I am good fiends with most of the L&D; staff at Los Robles. Every single on of them says this &quot;Dr&quot; is in it for the $$$. Before he will consult with a patient, he wants to know their insurance status. He charged us almost $1000 for a consult at which he only spent 15 min with us. Then proceeded to tell me 4 times to abort my baby.  THEN took a personal phone call, and while still on the phone asked me if I had any further questions and walked out of the room still on the phone.  This doctor only has a lot of patients because he is one of the only local perinatologists in the area. Avoid this Dr at all costs.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	1	I really like the Dr. and his staff.  He doesn't hold your hand but I find him informative and sincere.  I feel like I am in good hands with him.  The office doesn't treat me differently after we lost our private insurance half way thru pregnancy due to job loss and had to get Medi-Cal.  I have never had to wait very long for appointments.  I am very grateful to Dr. Jadali; I feel that because of his advice and knowledge, our baby is thriving.  	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
27	-1	I am not happy with Dr jadali’s office and diagnosis. I went for my Prenatal scanning and none of the information provided by Jadali but gender came right after my delivery. More over he charged nearly $450 unnecessarily performing Doppler tests which is not covered by insurance. I was a zero risk patient but he want me to visit him every month for scanning unnecessarily.    Beware he will send insurance not covered bills, only one month after our last visit on a case. Also he will not provide zero information that this procedure is not covered by our insurance. So please don’t go to him….  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
27	1	The wait times are very long-most of the time the waiting room is packed. However, I found the technicians and staff to be very helpful and friendly. Dr. Jadali may come across as hurried, but he's very nice and knowledgeable. Just be prepared with all your questions.  	4	1	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	1	I had a great experience from Dr. Jadali's office. He was recommended by my OB because I was at high risk and needed further testing. I didn't know what to expect even though I spent hours researching online. When I got there the waiting room was very small but it is also a private practice so my expectations were not high. The genetic counselor (Meredith) was very polite and very knowledgeable. She looked to be very young, however, she was right on target with all that my research had found and then some. I asked many questions and she had all the answeres. I was able to see the Dr. that day and have the procedure that I thought would have to be scheduled for later. Everyone was VERY knowledgeable and polite. The prices of tests were expensive but all you have to do is ask for the price and see if it's necessary before proceeding. If it's not, then don't get it and if it is then price shop and then come back if need be. These people are here to help and I for one am very grateful. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	BE READY TO WAIT!!! The waiting time is horriable, &amp; to top it off The LObby  is TINY, Seats about 10 people but theres about 30 people in there sitting pretty much on top of eachother sucks. It stinks in there bad. But the doctor is very nice, helpfull &amp; he makes you feel very welcomed. The back office staff are amazing! 	4	3	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
27	0	The doctor and his staff were nice enough and seemed competetant.  However, I had been seeing another perinatologist in West Hills and had to see Dr. Jadali since my other perinatologist was ill.  For the exact same procedure, Dr. Jadali charged my insurance company $1450, while my other perinatologist charged my insurance company $870.  Therefore, my out-of-pocket for Jadali was almost $200 more for the same thing.   Beware, you will pay more at Jadali's office! 	4	4	2	3 	Insurance:Aetna
27	-1	I was in the hospital on bed rest trying to save my Childs life. Dr Jadali came in as a consult and confirmed what my most awesome dr saw.  But after the ultrasound he basically told me I could abort my baby and just try again!!!  I was completely floored.  I Do Not recommend this Dr AT ALL!!!!! 	1	5	1	3 	Insurance:Aetna
27	1	I am so thankful for Dr. Jadali and his staff, they are amazing.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
27	1	Be ready to wait. I went to see Dr. Jadali three times, my shortest wait was two hours and my longest was almost three. On a positive note, the staff is great and looked to be very hard working. The women who did my ultrasound answered all my questions, explained everything she was looking at (very detailed ultrasound), and gave me great pictures of my baby. When Dr. Jadali comes in to the room he seems rushed and he never spent alot of time with me. I did manage to sneek in a couple of questions for him before he ran into the next room.  	5	1	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	1	My daughter is ALIVE today, because Dr. Jadali noticed that my cervix was beginning to open at 18 weeks.  I was able to have a cerclage that night, and save her life. I had lost my first daughter at 20 weeks due to the same situation that went undetected by a different doctor.  Dr. Jadali was always polite to us, and very caring, even when I called him on a weekend with a concern. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
27	-1	We hate this office. The staff always seems hurried and somewhat incompetent.  Nobody introduces themselves.  We had to make another appointment to go in because they didn't look at our baby's face for the second trimester screening.  We found this out from our OB though- when we were at Dr Jadali's office they said nothing about not being able to do a complete screening.  The first time we were there we waited an hour. It seems like they overbook- many people were waiting out in the hall because there was nowhere left to sit in the tiny lobby.  We got the feeling that they are just trying to rack up the insurance payments.  We felt like a number. 	2	1	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
27	-1	We arrived and were told 40 min wait, &quot;go have lunch and come back.&quot;  We waited. One hour 45 min later we finally were seen.  The technician was rude, don't know her name because she never told us.  She told us we had to have a C-section because we are having twins.  When we said we are going to try vaginally if possible, as discussed with our OB. She again repeated that was not possible.  We were only 17 weeks.  I don't know how she was qualified to tell us that.  She's not an MD.  Then Dr. Jadali entered, we didn't know who he was because he never introduced himself either.  On a previous visit we had a different doc.  Jadali looked at the screen for 30 secs, said &quot;2 boys,&quot;  then asked us if we had any questions.  When I asked if we should get any further testing he snapped at me that this was screening not testing.  I knew that, that is why we were there, to see if we needed ANY invasive testing.  I explained this to him. RUDE RUDE RUDE.  Awful office & people. Never will go back.  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	1	Dr. Jadali is a good enough doctor but I've always felt like he keeps scheduling me for unnecessary appointments so he can keep collecting money from the insurance co. He had me worried because he said my baby seem to be a little too small or something along those lines, but I went to get a second opinion and my baby was just growing perfectly.  	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	1	I was very impressed the the office staff at this office along with the dr. There was an emergency when I was there so punctuality was not good. I understand that this happens and was not upset. He and his staff apologized for the inconvenience. I would recommend Dr. Jadali to everyone.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	1	really cares 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	A very impressive, skillful, knowledgeable physician who is truly professional in every way imaginable. Wonderful bedside manner a plus. Excellent followup, continuing care and monitoring will assure you that you're receiving the best possible cardiac care anywhere. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
30	-1	 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
31	-1	This guy is way to busy, disorganized, and does not follow through on what he says.  He either doesn't want to help or is such an elitist that he choses not to.  	1	2	1	3 	Insurance:Aetna
32	1	Extremely knowledgeable doctor, particularly for a family practitioner; good nurse practitioners/medical assistants.  Takes several months for appt with Dr. Jackson unless urgent &/or long time patient.  Great diagnostician and cares about patients.  Affiliated with Sansum Clinic.  Our family members come from out of town and even out of state to see him because he is so good.  High turnover in office staff so need to follow up if leave msg w/office or need something from them.  Does not do hospital visits.  	2	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	1	Not enough staff to keep up with patient load yet still accepting new patients. Wait is aprox 3+ week wait to see a health care specialist (not just the Medical Doctor). Doctor is quite knowledgeable when you can get in to see him; most of the patients are seen by Nurse Practitioners or Dr. Assistant however.  		1	3	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	1	Both of my girls go to Dr.Jacobs. She's AMAZING! She always makes me feel welcome, she makes me feel like she CARES about my girls. When ever there is a problem with one of them she ALWAYS CALLS ME FIRST to see how they are doing. When my youngest was diagnosed with type 1 Diabetes Dr.Jacobs was on Maternity Leave and she stilled called me IN THE HOSPITAL! She is a rare breed I think of Pediatricans and I am SO blessed that she is my girls Dr. 	5	5	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	Extremely  effective doctor and a wonderful and caring human being  I have paid out of pocket when she was out of network because of the level of trust she inspires.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
35	1	Jerry Jackson is extremely knowledgable, carefully listens, and most importantly, will not adjust you if it will harm, rather than help.  He goes above and beyond, running to your other doctor's offices to get copies of your MRI/X-Ray results, or coming back to the office to help you after he's left for the day.  I have been to many other chiropractors that tend to schedule you to come back over &amp; over for adjustment.  Not Jerry, he simply fixes the problem.  You really get the feeling that he is in his profession to help, not to make money.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	1	Changed from great dr to Dr Jacobsen in 2007 and he does not compare well. He is imaginative and has a tendency to see what he wants to see despite your description of your symptoms. If you argue with him, you can mostly get him to hear what you are saying and then he's a pretty good doctor. But he has strong preconceptions and its hard to get through them. On the other hand, as an HMO doctor he'll quickly refer you to specialists if needed. And he will listen to you and never take offense. 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	I love, love...Dr. Courtney Jacobs.  I can not say enough wonderful things about her.  Without her, I would not been able to pull through Postpartum depression after my son was born.  She is great with cognitive therapy and she is super compassionate and understanding....  I am not currently seeing her for therapy...But she was a true life saver!!!  :-) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	Dr. Jacoy is knowledgable, caring, supportive, professional, courteous and likeable.  Over the years (since 2000) he has helped me a great deal.  He diligently looks for the source of the problem and will refer you to a medical doctor if warranted...he only wants the BEST for his patients.  He does not want to take a chance with his patient's well-being.  I highly recommend him for any chiropractic treatment.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
39	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	Dr. Jafri is very helpful and supportive and goes above and beyond for her patients. She is very knowledgeable and does a thorough job of understanding her patients and their symptoms. She takes the time and is very receptive and responsive.  She has an excellent staff and I highly recommend her 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
40	1	Dr. Jafri is a very good doctor.  She takes time, and listens to her patients. She has a relaxed, easy-going manner.  She does follow-up and her staff is efficient.  She works half-time, so isn't available every day, but the other physicians in the office can see you if you have an urgent need when she isn't around.  I highly recommend her.  	4	4	5	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
41	1	Very nice, sweet guy. Does all of the work himself so it is never crowded in the office. Takes his time and the staff is super nice. Everybody gets a carnation to take home. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	Very pleasant and professional.  She explained the procedure (sigmoidoscopy) and there were no surprises.   Great job! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
42	1	Everyone should have a Dr. Jackson in their life. She listens, knows your history, is compassionate to your needs. Returns e-mails & tel. calls. Is never in a hurry to end an appointment. She should be cloned.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
43	1	I miss Julie Jaffe- great, nice sweet MO- wish she did not leave PA- hope she finds happiness in CA. She was great and spent the time. Treats you like a real person.  	3	2	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	-1	I came in for a consultation regarding a biopsy on my breast. He said he knew exactly where the lump was ans did a needle biopsy right then. He totally miss the mark and my test came back in conclusive.  He then says he wants to cut me open and take a look around! I asked for a PET scan or MRI and he yelled at me saying You Don't Have Cancer, and walked out of the room leaving me there UNDRESSED! He is the most unethical quack I have ever met and will never go back no matter what!!! 	3	3	1	2 	Insurance:Secure Horizons
44	1	He is very friendly and easy to talk to. He knows his business and saved my life. I would go back to him any time I needed surgery. His staff is friendly and helpful. No long waits in the waiting room.  	 4/6/07		5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
44	0	They do not take responsibility for their mistakes. I had a surgery scheduled which they cancelled and did not try to accomadate me for another surgery in the immediate future. There was miscommunication between them and another surgery entity and I paid the price. Their office help was rude and unhelpful.  		1	1	4 	Insurance:HealthPartners
44	1	. I love this dr he was helpful and nice and did a great job 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	0	He does not care about letting the family know anything. He does not give estimation of what will happen. 		4	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
45	-1	If you like to wait at least 40 minutes for your appointment go here    If you like listening to the office staff talk about their plastic surgeries even in private areas go here    If you liked to be judged by the pain medication you take go here    If you want a rude office manager who thinks her**** don't stink go here    The receptionist is nice but will roll her eyes at you when she thinks you are not looking    If you like waiting forever for your test results go here    If you would like your prescription refilled in a timely mannder without having to make 16 phone calls to check on it go here    If you like pure attitude, rudeness and waiting forever, go here 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
45	-1	Dr Jadali treated me for 2 years, all a sudden my health started to decline with no reason. When I mentioned that I made an appointment with a specialist, he told me that it was in my head. The result of the blood tests made by the other doctor showed that my thyroid was dangerously overactive, I had to stop IMMEDIATELY the medication Dr Jadali prescribed as I was poisoning myself and do not hesitate to go to the ER if I was worsening. Don't believe the next Doctor who is telling you &quot;it's in your head&quot;. Don't hesitate to get another opinion or see a specialist :) 	3	1	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	Dr Jadali is a great doctor and has been treating me for fibromyalgia for the last +2years. Unfortunately, few months ago a new rude/unprofessional/indiscreet nurse-accountant has been hired. Knowing that 3 times a week I was dealing with this obnoxious lady was enough for me to look for another practician. If you are going to Dr Jadali's office, try to avoid the furious Rachel and instead deal with the sweet Felicia! Oh... and Rachel might persecute you in public (not once but several times) for payments... that you made in advance...  hello&#63;!! 	1	2	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
45	1	Dr. Jadali is my hero.  I suffered from fibromyalgia for four years, switching from doctor to doctor, until he insisted that I give Xyrem a second chance.  Since I started taking Xyrem, I have been sleeping much more deeply, and awaken more rested.  He is a committed professional who takes the time to listen and empathize.  gp 	4	2	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	1	This is one of the good guys.  Can't understand that negative comment.  I don't think Dr. Jadali claims he can cure FM, but he can definitely treat it and significantly improve the quality of life.  He is a former pharmacist and is very knowledgeable and compassionate.  	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
45	1	I can't say enough about how great is this Dr. He is absolutely a life saver. I was suffering from Fibromyalgia for 13 year and saw too many dr. but each time with no result until I was referred to Dr Jadali. he is spend 1 full hour examining me, head to tow. He took me off of few medications that was not needed. I feel absolutely wonderful now. I am still under his supervision and everyday I am improving more and more. He is such a great doctor and absolutely a wonderful gentleman. I would recommend him to who ever that has pain.  	 2/4/09	4	4	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	-1	This doc claims he can cure Fibromyalgia. Don't believe it! He hurt me physically and mentally and charged me a bundle to boot. This is supposed to be a pain clinic but he told me I had to &quot;feel&quot; the pain. He is now making his own batches of Guai and holding seminars on how &quot;not&quot; to get FM. I believe he is an unscrupulous doctor that is taking advantage of an illness with no known cure to make a buck.  	3	5	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
45	1	He is such a campassionat physician and a very professional. I would recommend Dr. Jadali to everyone who has pain. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	I would highly recommend this office.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
46	1	I have been seeing Dr. Jabbour for the past 5 years and I would never consider changing Dentists. He is very gentle and takes the time to explain what he is doing. The staff is very friendly and helpful. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
47	1	She doesn't do a whole lot of procedures, but if she is doing it, rest assured she got it down! She isn't afraid to admit if she is uncomfortable at doing something and she will send you to someone else. Otherwise, she gives you the best care and attention you deserve. She is just really good at what she does.  	3	4	5	4 	Insurance:Delta Dental
47	1	Love at first site! She is by far one if the best dentists I have ever seen! My kid hated the dentist, now she can't wait to go see her again. She is super patient and caring and her patients definitely come first. We love you Dr. Ansari :) 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
47	1	She is very patient, caring, and knows exactly what she is doing. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	So happy to have her as our pediatrician. She is very helpful and knowledgeable. She explains everything so I understand my childs health. My children actually look forward to seeing her. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
49	0	This Dr was the sweetest man, his staff was awful. One time while calling for pregnancy test ( beta #'s)  they thought they had put me on hold but didn't and they were talking about me. I guess I was pissing them off because I had been doing this test to often and calling to get results every other day. I was having a tubal pregnancy and was 9wks and in a ton of pain, I was just trying to get there help since I had a awful regular Ob who let  me stay pregnant for 9wks in my tube. I ended up losing my tube and ovary. Maybe I wouldn't have if there office would have step up and not thought it was my other dr's problem, they could have helped me our I could have died ...  AWFUL 	1	5	1	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
49	1	I went to see Dr. Jacobson for infertility issues.  I was his patient for a year and a half.  He is wonderful, very kind, and patient.  He was realistic and helped my husband and I through very hard ups and downs of 4 failed AUIs.  I would strongly recommend the fertility clinic at LLU and any of the DR.s there.  The nurses were awesome as well.  He does not keep women after their first trimester, but is definitely worth having through the infertility process. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	A remarkable doctor, who gently and professionally asks questions about all aspects of his patients' lives -- to treat them effectively, as well as provide education to assist them in prevention of ongoing problems.  He never performs a procedure without explaining the reasoning behind it, and no member of my family has left his office without his cheerful farewell, and what he feels would be the appropriate interval between appointments -- most remarkable, since he is well-aware of the financial situation of his patients and keeps the cost in mind when determining the type and frequency of treatment.  Quite simply, I have found my health and attitude has improved greatly, since my family has been in Doc Jackson's care. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	I have gone to Dr. Jackson for almost 10 years going every 6 months just as check ups. He tells and shows you how your body as a whole works together, corrects every joint (not just what is hurting), and explains any questions or concerns about anything!!! I want to be a chiroprator when I am there! He isn't always on time, but that is because he talks and explains so much information. The receptionist is very polite and friendly. Would recommend to everyone with every problem. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
51	-1	 	3	4	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
51	-1	Worst office EVER...They are never on time, won't fill perscriptions in a timely manner, hang up on you multiple times when you call. FIND ANOTHER DOCTOR whatever you do....Don't go here.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
51	-1	Always Late, Short visits.. Just prescribes pills his drug reps are pushing! FIND ANOTHER DR!! 	2	1	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
51	1	Dr. Jacob is very knowledgable in the use of psychatric drugs.  HE IS CONSERVATIVE WHEM PRESCRIBING TRANQUILIZERS.  wHEN i WAS AN IN-PATIENT, HE GOT ME OFF OF DILAIDID AND XANAX AFTER 10 YEARS OF ABUSE.  I HAVE NOT USED FOR 2 YEARS AND SEE HIM EVERY MONTH FOR BI-POLAR.  	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
51	-1	Case Number: 07 1990 001393  Description of Action: PROBATION COMPLETED.  Effective Date of Action: OCTOBER 29, 1996  Consumer Information Line:(916)263-2382  Probation was for 1.Gross Negligence, Code 2234  and, 2.Alteration of a Medical Record, Code 2236 	3	2	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
51	-1	When I arrived there were about 20 people in the waiting room waiting for 3 doctors.  There were not enough seats so people were standing.  I asked how long my wait would be (I was on time).  I was told there were &quot;a few people&quot; ahead of me.  Everyone looked like they were on drugs.  It was creepy.  I left.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
51	1	Dr. Jacob is very caring and compassionate. Very professional and knowledgeable. I was helped by him.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
52	-1	Neither Dr. Jacobs nor their office care about the patient. After calling 5 times, they still failed to have a prescription sent to the pharmacy saying Dr. Jacobs is at the other office, has no time, or they just forgot about it. Hello, what kind of a doctor is so non-caring&#63; Do not waste your time with this doctor or her office. .  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
53	0	Dr. Jackson abruptly closed his practice without informing his patients.  I received a letter from my insurance co. that he was no longer a part of my network.  I called his office and the phone had been disconnected. I went by and the office was vacant. My medical records are now missing. A doctor in the same complex told me he believed Dr. Jackson and his family went back to Illinois. I felt betrayed by someone I was supposed to be able trust. He is now licensed in Illinois. I would not recommed him.  	2	3	3	3 	Insurance:HealthPartners
53	1	When Doctor Jackson took over this practice there were already many organizational problems that needed to be addressed. More often than not there was no follow up from the office staff. It was hard to get appointments and especially hard to get referrals and information on test results. I told Dr. Jackson and he hired more people, including an office manager. Things are now running very smoothly. I can get a specialist referral very quickly if I need one. But more than anything else, Dr. Jackson is a treasure. He is warm, caring, knowledgeable, and does his utmost for his paitents. You never feel hurried. He allots so much time to you so that he is able to listen to everything you say. He is such an honorable man. I am glad that he is young and I hope to have him for the rest of my life.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
53	0	I have seen him several times so far. The first couple he was very helpful. The third occasion I developed itchng from the antibiotic he gave me and his staff didn't call me back as promised. I ended up having to see him to try to change the antibiotic and instead of a new antibiotic was sent on to a specialist who told me to take the one I was itching from and I got hives. :-( He needs to change a patient's antibiotic when they have an allergic reaction. 		5	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	I had my first experience with Dr. Jacob 2 weeks ago.  She did a good job of explaining diagnoses and was very courteous. I had some lab work done, and Dr. Jacob called me on my cell phone with the results the next day. The staff at the reception desk generally seem annoyed that you are there but I think the actual doctor-patient experience was very good. 	2	5	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	Dr. Jackson is the absolute best neurologist I have ever been to for my migraines. She specializes in headaches. She is extremely proactive and can tease out exactly which kind(s) of headache(s) you are experiencing. No one ever knew, in 29 years of having headaches, that I was having cervical AND migraine headaches. The treatment plan is very different for both, and now that I am doing both plans, I feel so much better! She added a medicine that I can take at home, an injection (Toradol), when my headaches get hideously bad, that no one else had ever even thought of. The difference is so good it's almost indescribible! My headaches are very stubborn, but she hangs in there and keeps going the extra mile. Her personality and bedside manner just make you want to keep trying, even if you walked in wanting to just die (and if you're a chronic pain/headache sufferer, you probably know what I mean).  Even if you live out of state, GO to see her! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
56	1	Dr. Jackson fixed my back issues and is a nice person too.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
57	1	Dr. Christian is the very best. He listens extremely well develops his diagnosis based on his experience, cutting edge research and when necessary in consultation with his colleagues.  In addition, he develops his treatment plan based on the highest standard of care and his vast knowledge base in collaboration with is patients. His patients affectionally call him Dr. Christian. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	An unbelievable doctor!!! On time, caring, polite and thorough. Although it was a busy night at the Emergency Room, he showed great empathy toward my symptoms and was very helpful.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
58	1	During my visit I felt that I was treated very well.I would absolutely recommend this doctor to my family and friends.  I felt this visit was an amazing success!Overall I would rate this visit : outstanding! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
59	-1	Rude. Very rude. Undermines Amy symptoms we wanted to share about our own child.  	3	3	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
60	1	Dr. Jacobs is a very talented and very helpful therapist. He helps people with addiction problems in a very caring and understanding manner and creates a very open, honest space where you feel safe working through your problems without judgment. A+ 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
61	-1	Dr. Jackson performed surgery on me for my sleep apnea ( which i learned after was very mild ) and I was left dependent on oxygen. He did not want to deal with me after he himself ordered home oxygen equipment for me. He ignored my pleas to know what went wrong said it was just a temporary problem but it was 6 years before I was able to breathe without oxygen. I read my medical records and found out I had been giving an overdose of drugs and was revived with 3 doses of narcan. He said that was nothing but obviously it was. He refused to treat me after i was left dependent on oxygen! I would not send my worst enemy to see this man. After the fact I found out that my surgery was totally uneccesary! I had mild sleep apnea and it was so mild it did not require something as drastic as surgery. Get a second opinion I made the mistake of going for a second opinion from a doctor who was his friend and did not look out for me.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
62	1	In my opinion, Dr. Jacobs is a knowledgeable, caring chiropractor. I have severe back problems and he helps me immensely. He is very detailed in his approach and truly individualizes treatment, and doesn't give up until relief is attained. My only complaint is that the front desk staff is not pleasant to deal with at times. 	2	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	Dr. Jackson himself is great; he's very knowledgeable and is a great surgeon. He operated on my husband's back and will eventually operate on mine. His office staff...bleh. I have tried for two weeks to get them to fax information to a pain management clinic so that I can have an epidural (per Dr. Jackson), but they just don't want to do it. The first clinic I tried, their office person was mean to me, so I thought SHE was the problem. But now I'm dealing with a second one and am realizing that the protocol is for the prescribing doctor's office to fax the information to the clinic, which Jackson's office just plain doesn't want to do. I don't get why. So, now I'm in a lot of pain and no closer to an appointment. It's very frustrating.  	2	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
63	-1	the staff at this office are by far the worst I have ever encountered. I called for an appointment and got nothing more than a bad attitude. I must have called 10 times and left a message at least 4 times and no one called back. i finally got thru and the person scheduling started to give me an attitude. when i pointed that out to her she just hung up. I called back and asked to talk to the manager, she came on and then abrubtly put me on hold for 10 minutes. she came back and did not even apologize. now she startes giving me her version as to what happened. so i guess she put me on hold, came back to tell me that I was wrong. when i explained the situation and the details, she agreed that it was the attendant's fault. all this for an appointment. i have launched a complaint with the insurance company. stay away from this office. nothing but a headache. and i thought the pain in my back was bad.  	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
63	1	Smart, Practical, spoke clearly and in a way a lay person could understand 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	My 21 year old son damaged 7 disks after a 15 foot fall from a tree in January 2011.  Dr Jackson performed emergency surgery and follow-up care.  We're 4 months out and my son is jogging.  Dr Jackson was adept, professional and responsive to our questions.  My son was uninsured at the time.  Regardless, he was treated courteously and received excellent care. The only issue we had involved the scheduling staff not acquiring pre-approval for a follow-up x ray and appointment.  Overall, we are appreciative of the care we received and continue to receive.  	2	4	5	4 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
63	1	Dr Jackson is very knowledgeable physician. He described the problem (a large brain tumor) and the plan to resolve it very clearly.  He did a beautiful job of removing it.        The staff at Mission Hospital was amazed at my recovery.        At the first follow-up visit, Dr. Jackson emphasized the importance of scheduling an appointment for an MRI 3 months after surgery.  He explained that a follow-up MRI was needed in order to insure that the tumor had not started to regenerate.        PROBLEM:  His assistant, Weeda, refused to schedule an MRI.  I assume his was because I had no insurance, except through the state, although she never said so.  (I was 64 and not yet eligible for Social Security/Medicare coverage.)  She refused to explain why she would not schedule an appointment.  She was simply very rude and dismissive.       I had to wait for over a year to schedule an MRI after brain surgery.   	1	4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
63	0	His assistant would not schedule a followup MRI after brain surgery because I had no insurance, except through the state.  She was very rude and dismissive.  I had to wait for over a year for my first MRI after surgery, which was needed to determine whether the tumor had started to regenerate.  	1	5	2	4 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
63	1	Appears very knowledgeable. Was very clear on describing the problem and the plan to resolve it. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	. He is knowledgeable but his treatments for cystic acne are to prescribe Accutane; he really doesn't give much options and I haven't seen any improvement in my skin 	3	4	3	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	1	Dr. Jaffer is very knowledgeable, explains different treatment options, keeps detailed notes on what has been most effective and spends as much time as I need. He's been my dermatologist for several years and I trust him completely. You will not be disappointed.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
64	1	Takes the time to explain, really cares and helps his patients. Wonderful beside manner with a heart of gold.  Down to earth and knows how to speak (even though he's a UCLA professor and Harvard Medical School graduate!) 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
65	0	Too quick to act. Does not adequately discuss with patient for patient to participate in deciding treatment.  	3	4	3	2 	Insurance:Delta Dental
66	-1	This office is impossible to get in contact with, they never answer the phone or return phone calls. I do NOT recommend this Dr. 	2	1	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
66	-1	lots of turnover in staff, messages are not being related and staff is very unfriendly...love Dr. Jackson and will go back to her but will start charging her for my time of waiting.  	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	0	wait time is unbelieveable, 45 mins to an hour. Her staff is very unfriendly.  will not go back!! 	1	1	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	1	Dr. Jackson has helped me a lot. I'm going back to work soon thanks to her! She is very attentive and helpful.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
67	-1	Dr. Jafarian did not let me finish a single sentence the entire visit. He hardly touched my child. We were being seen for diarrhea and daiper rash and he did not even look at the rash.  Very  and unhelpful! 	3	3	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	1	Caring and understanding.  Refers me for tests as needed.  Never seems rushed.  Follows up on tests and referrals. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	Compassionate friendly , very accurate diagnosis. Extremely smart bed side mamnerred . The best doctor in los Angeles. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
69	-1	Dr. Jabara as well as his staff made several mistakes during my fertility treatment.  When spending over $20,000 out of pocket you expect better and more knowledgeable care.  I seriously regret using him and would not recommend him to anyone. 	2	4	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	Dr. Jabara was very professional, courteous, and took the time to listen to my husband and I about our fertility concerns. Under his care, I ended up with my beautiful son. We had tried for 3 years and went to 2 other doctors before him.  God Bless! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
69	1	excellent bed side manner and compassion.  We will be grateful forever 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	1	My husband and I tried to get pregnant for more than 8 years, we had seen several doctors in the area. We went to see Dr Jabara  who did a laparoscopy for endometriosis and than in-vitro fertilization... We are so lucky to have our daughter, an angel sent to us from heaven. Thank you Dr Jabara and thank you for all the staff that made this possible. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	Has been our family doctor for years . Wonderful staff. And always has helped the family. In all regards to care. We love him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	Dr. Jackson has been our family physician for over 25 years. He has always provide our family with excellent medical care.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
70	-1	I complained about neck pain and headaches over a year, he did nothing. His P.A listen and examined me, ordered xrays & MRI finally. I had a herniated disc in my neck. He makes you sit for hours to see him. But if you are 10 minutes late for your appointment he will not see you, so you must make another appointment.  	2	2	2	1 	Insurance:Pacificare
71	1	If you can get past his office staff to see the man, Dr. Jackson is a WONDERFUL doctor.  He also has a very very knowledgeable and helpful nurse practitioner working with him. He is the best doctor our family has ever encountered.  Aside from being a great practitioner, both him and his nurse practitioner are just good, kindhearted people.  They know what they're doing because they honestly care.  	1	3	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
71	1	. He is one of the best I ever had, he is a good listner take his time and always follow through from previous visit 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
71	0	Although Dr. Jackson seems like a nice guy and he does seem pretty thorough, his stuff is horrible. I can never get a call back, everytime you call his office you get voice mail. I've left msg's for important things and not bothers to call me. My prescriptions have been wrong twice. I am changing drs. Maybe I'll find one with a professional staff.  	1	2	2	4 	Insurance:Pacificare
71	1	Dr. Jackson, is the best Doctor I've ever had. He takes his time with you, and will answer all of your question in great detail. I've been going to him for ten yrs. now.  		3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
71	1	Helpful Staff, lots of patient education materials, easy location to access, good follow up of results.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
72	1	Very good dentist. Makes you feel very comfortable and at ease. Very nice service.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
73	1	I SAW DR JACKSON FOR THE FIRST TIME TODAY, HIS STAFF IS ABSOLUTLY WONDERFUL, EXTREMELY HELPFUL AND VERY KNOWLEDGABLE. DR JACKSON WAS VERY THOROUGH AND ADDRESSED EVERY CONCERN I HAD. YES THERE WAS A BIT OF A WAIT, BUT UNDERSTANDABLY HE IS A SPECIALIST AND SPEND QUALITY TIME WITH HIS PATIENTS, AS A PATIENT, I DONT WANT TO BE RUSHED IN AND OUT. HIS STAFF SCHEDULED ALL OF MY APPOINTMENT FOR ME, THEY WERE VERY CLEAR AND EFFICIENT. I WILL CERTAINLY RETURN AND RECOMMEND TO EVERYONE! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
73	-1	Although I brought in a cd of my daughter's ct scan, I had to ask several times for him to look at it.  He was only going to go off of the report.  When he finally looked at it, after my urging, he realized the report wasn't quite accurate and that her case did need follow up.  I should have taken that as a red flag and never come back.  The next visit, after another screening, he again did not have the disk, nor feel the need to have it even though the report did not have exact measurements of the mass we were looking at.  On top of that he was quite rude to me.  We were trying to make another appt., so we arrived 30 min. early so we could be seen a few minutes early.  After we were kept waiting 30 min. I finally asked the office staff if we had been forgotten. They said &quot;no&quot; he'll be with you in a few minutes. He was deliberately late to our room. Then when I was rushing, he commented on my hurry and that he thought he was being very timely with me.  All around RUDE! 	4	1	2	2 	Insurance:Aetna
73	1	Dr. Jackson is very knowledgeable and helpful. The staff is very friendly.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
73	-1	I showed up for an appointment, but was locked out. The staff was in the back of the office, and couldn't hear me knocking. I called Dr. Jackson's office to notify them of what had happened, but was called a liar by the office manager.  The office manager vilified me to Dr. Jackson.  I contacted Dr. Jackson, who requested that I not return. He wouldn't even listen to my side of the story. Very unprofessional. 	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
74	1	. Down to earth, says it like it is, compassionate, smart, willing to learn new things, does EMDR, works with kids andadults, very effective, and very worth my time and money! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
75	1	Based on one visit Dr. Jacobsen excels in treatment and concern for his patients. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
76	1	Attentive, Knowledgeable, caring, interested, 	2	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
77	-1	I went to Dr. Jacobs for a spot on my cheek that wouldnt go away. When he walked in he never introduced himself he looked at the spot on my face and whispered to his assistant that this was a waste of time. He then gave me a perscription for rosacea. Shortly after meeting with him I was deployed overseas where a military dermatologist took a biopsy and told me I had skin cancer. I have run into of several other patients that have had similar issues with this doctor. Please do not go to him.  	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
77	0	My overall experience was very poor.  Although all the office staff was friendly, the total wait-time was approximately 1 1/2 hours.  When the Dr. came in, his introduction was haste, he did not sit down or close the door.  He asked to see the mole in question (on my back), and I awkwardly stood and lifted my shirt (while the door was still opened).  Then proceeding with mole removal, I was never instructed to lay on the patient bed, etc.  Instead, I sat in a chair, leaning forward, pulling up my shirt, while the Dr. leaned over me.  Hard to put into words how awkward and uncomfortable the entire scene was (and I am not high-maintenance by any stretch). There was a definite lack of making the patient feel comfortable on ANY level.  I would not recommend this doctor. 	4	1	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
77	-1	I was totally misinform by his staffs and basically paid $105 for a non-service. 	2	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
77	1	great doctor nose what to do nice pleasent freidly 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
77	1	Very knowledgeable and helpful. Also very polite. 	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	I had successful LAVH on September 25, 2005.  I live in Los Angeles, but went to Rancho Mirage because Dr. Jacome was highly recommended by a longtime nurse at Eisenhower Medical Center.  Dr. Jacome was polite, attentive, gentle and addressed all of my concerns.  I was very happy with the office staff especially Fran.  I would have any of my friends see this kind physician and caregiver.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	-1	Dr. Jacome recommened that I consider a hysterectomy for no real reason. Stating that because I was beyond child bearing years (55) I &quot;no longer need a uterus&quot;. I can only imagine that it was a slow week...he needed cash flow. Sottopelle ( pellet hormone  replacement)sold out to him recently. I have tried for over a week to have my records transferred to another Sottepelle office with complete confusion and lack of professionalism. not one person in the office knows what is going on. This is an arragant Dr. who is full of himself and gives medicine a bad name.  	2	4	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	-1	Dr. Jacome had just examined me and I was explaining symptoms I was having regarding menopause and he turned around and walked out of the room, but not before saying &quot;It's all in your head&quot; !!! YES, he actually said this to me.  I could have wrung his neck.  He is arrogant, he should retire from his practice and learn how to be a compassionate human being again. 	2	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	The staff and dr were and are wonderful, I find it hard to read all the negative as I have never seen one ounce. Scheduled for a hyst.  In may 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
78	1	HACE ANOS ALGUIEN PUSO UNA EXTRANA SUSTANCIA ,EN MI CAFE QUE HISO ,QUE ME SITIESE LIGADA AL DR. JACOMEG. .PERO ME EQUIVOQUE  ,AL RESPECTO EN REALIDAD ME SORPRENDE YA QUE MI GUSTO POR LOS MORENOS NO ES MI ESTILO.DE CUALQUIER MANERA ,SI LE CONFUNDI CON UN CONOCIDO DOCTOR TAMBIEN LLAMADO ALEJANDRO DE LA CIUDAD DE MEXICO. BIEN DESPUES DE ESTAS DISCULPAS NO PUEDO OMITIR ,QUE SU SECRETARIA  FUE Y HISO UN CHOW DELANTE DE MI EX ESPOSO E HIJAS .POR CONSIGUIENTE, CREO QUE QUEDAMOS A MANO .DE CUALQUIER MANERA TAMBIEN ME OFENDIERON CONFUNDIENDOME  CON UNAS TALES FLORES CRITIANOS DE COLOR MORENO ,QUE NO TENEMOS NINGUNA RELACION CON ELLOS YA QUE TIENE ANTECEDENTES EN DROGAS. SIENTO DECIRLO PERO ,ALGUIEN LOS RELACIONO CON USTEDES . BIEN CUALQUIER COSA O NOTA NO  SERA MIA. UNA ATEA QUE  SI DICE  ADIOS   .   d` una senora y dos ninas 	2	3	4	4 	Insurance:Pacificare
78	-1	This is by far the worst dr I have ever been too.  The nurses are rude.  The doctor won't return phone calls.  The dr isn't even in the office on Tues pm and all day Wed, so no one is available to help on these days.  I had to go to labor and delivery 5 times during my pregnancy and spent hours waiting for Jacome to call them back.  He wasn't around when I went into labor so Garza delivered me~who is great by the way.  Finally, I called 2 weeks after the baby was born to ask questions about anxiety, and I was told to call my primary care physician.   Please don't go to this doctor! 	2	2	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	1	Dr. jacome is very nice and kind...always with a smile on his face...  very happy with him 	4	3	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
78	-1	First of all, they make me wait for an hour (even though there was not any other patients) and about 30 min in the exam room. Then Beverly BLESSING comes in BAD MOOD!!! She is very rude and not helpful... She always interrupts the paptient and never keeps the facts straight... The last thing that it feels like they all play a game with patients in order to give to Dr. Jacome MORE patients for surgeries.....  For sure there is a need for second doctor's opinion and never back at Dr. Jacome's office!!! I feel sorry for these people who are still going to see his office. Try to avoid him and his stuff!!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
78	0	While pregnant, I mostly saw the RN in his office - she was great!  When I was in the ER due to a miscarriage, Dr. Jacome refused to come out to the hospital I was staying at and said Dr. Garza was already at the ER and he should be able to take care of me.  When I went back for my follow up, he about 15 minutes late to show up in the room claiming he was waiting for the autopsy results for my son.  Also, was heartless when he gave me the results and said I had to wait again to get pregnant...He smirked when I responded we weren't trying again and started to walk out of the room.  I had more questions; however, the only thing I managed to get out of him was &quot;6 Months&quot; when I asked him &quot;If we change our mind, how long should we wait&#63;&quot; before he walked out the door in a rush.  	4	2	1	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	-1	I recently had a miscarriage and when I called Jacomes office I was told I did not need to come in, that there was nothing they could do. I called back because I was in terrible pain and they told me to come in. When I got there I was seen by a different doctor in his office and told to come back the next day for an ultrasound. I was given nothing for the pain. By the next day I was in the ER in pain. The ER doctors called Jacomes office and he refused to come out. They could not agree on what they saw in the ultrasound so they finally released me. I was back in ER again the next day in pain but he still would not come and I could not get an apptointment for two days. When I finally saw him in his office he told me there was nothing there and this was normal pain and bleeding. He then examined me and found the miscarriage attatched to my cervix and removed it. His bedside manner is terrible and I will never go back to this doctor. 		1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
78	-1	This doctor delivered our youngest, but had sent me home when my preferred OBGYN had said explicitly that I was to be put on antibiotics for eight hours before birth; after a stressful labor without pain medications because he sent me home, I was ready to push and crying out because of the pain. He walked into the room and said &quot;if you keep yelling, I'm leaving. I can't work under such stress!&quot;... He delivered my child with no stress to her and no tearing, but his bedside manner is bloody awful. My postpartum room neighbor said he had ignored the necessary tests for Down's syndrome until it was too late, then told her her baby was going to be deformed and she needed to see a specialist.  AVOID THIS MAN - try Advanced Women's Healthcare if you're in Palm Springs, CA! 		1	1	3 	Insurance:Aetna
78	1	Dr. Jacome has always been there when I needed him and I feel completely confident in any decisions he makes regarding my health concerns. The office staff was also very friendly and attentive. I have never have to wait long in the exam room. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
79	0	Doctor is very unpatient and not friendly. when you ask him question he's making you feel that you are a very stupid person. I was waiting in the room in pain while he was on the phone talking with friend.  	1	2	1	4 	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
80	-1	She is a very BAD doctor! She did not listen to anything I had to say. I had an ectopic prior to this last pregnancy so she assumed this was also an ectopic, even after doing an ultrasound and seeing a sac in the uterus. She wanted me to take some medication to &quot;abort&quot; because my progesterone was not going up, instead of giving me suppository of progesterone. That day I asked for a new ultrasound, which she refused and sent me to get it at the hospital where we found out that the pregnancy was ok, in the uterus with a heartbeat. I just needed the progesterone. She did not prescribe it so I went to another doctor. Unfortunately it was too late. She might be a &quot;good&quot; doc for pregnancies that are easy. As soon as there is a problem she doesn't seem to know how to handle it well.  Each person is different and a good doc should know how to take care of each individually, not following text book! 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
80	1	Highly Recommended. The best doctor I ever found. Great Team and nurses. I had by first baby with Dr louise jacques. Overall she was great and I highly recommend her to all my family and friends. I wish I can visit her in my second pregnancy but the problem is i am moved to houston. She is very knowlegebale and expert in what she does. My baby was normal just because of her. It was a complicated pregnancy but she handled it in a good manner and avoided c-section. She is very comfortable to talk with and listens to you and answers all questions.  She is the best! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
81	-1	Not very gentle with Gyno exam. I requested blood and allergy tests which I had to try very hard to convince her I needed. Not really friendly. Didn't help with my sickness, no insight or additional input. Looking for new Dr.  	3	3	2	2 	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
82	1	Dr Jafarian is terrific!  A wonderful doctor and compassionate. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	Great doctor. She is compassionate, listens and delivers excellent care 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
83	1	She is an FNP. But she runs circles around most.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
84	-1	On my first visit to him, he did absolutely NO routine exam. I had to ask him to take my blood pressure.  He ignored all of my concerns.  He made assumptions about my lifestyle to address the concerns that I had.  None of the statements he made were accurate.  When I corrected him, he ignored me. When a patient is trying to explain their symptoms, it is very unhelpful to have a doctor talk over you and explain how there is nothing wrong with you.  Thank goodness I have a PPO and never have to use Dr.  Jabro again! 	3	3	1	2 	Insurance:Anthem
84	-1	I went to see him in 2004 regarding stomach problems as a result of using CIPRO.  He was rude and told me not to waste his time. 	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	Dr. Jabro is very effecient and helpful.  The staff/nurses are terrific also. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	Adorable man.  Sweet.  Quick.  Caring. and knowledgable!  Also, NOT narcistic like other M.D's.          Refreshingliy humble.  	4	5	5	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
84	1	Dr. Jabro is a wonderful doctor.  He is very thorough.  He is very direct and doesn't sugarcoat things, so some people may find his manner offensive, however,  I personally found it to be exactly what I needed.  I'm very glad I went to see him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Pacificare
84	1	Dr. Jabro is an exceptional physician, very kind and compassionate. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
84	-1	Was very unhelpful and kept pushing his HMR weight loss program as opposed to helping his patients get approved for WLS. He speaks down to his patients as though they are not informed on their own insurance policies and procedures they are looking into.  He was just plain rude and had terrible bed-side manner! 	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:Pacificare
84	1	Dr. Jabro is very kind & knowledgeable. I highly recommend him. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	Dr Jabro is very nice and caring. He is trained to obey the HMO rules and so you will get very good &quot;managed care&quot;. I would highly recommend him for the routine. His nurse will kindly, promptly answer your calls.  		5	4	4 	Insurance:Pacificare
85	1	Excellent staff and Dentist. They didn't try to lure me with excessive fees and treatment suggestions.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
85	-1	She is not a good doctor.  She does not answer questions. I had to pay $25.00 for every document I needed completed for my employer. I requested a letter (in which I paid $25.00) and got a note...I wouldn't even say it was a note. Ashley is he only one that seems to know what she is during.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
86	1	Been with her for 10 + years with multiple kids.  She came to the hospital for in room visits with each of my newborns.  Has been spot on with all diagnosis and treatment of my kids.  Very knowledgeable and explains clearly so a normal person can understand.  Staff is always cheerful/friendly.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Molina
86	0	Our son had a terrible allergic reaction to a medication and she said this is very bad and left the room.  You do not do that to anxious parents.  She is the one that prescribed the medication in the first place with a rushed diagnosis missing the true culprit (strep throat) which caused the terrible hives and our overnight stay in the hospital. She is overbooked and rushed.  On all our visits due to this matter she never did basic eyes, ears, nose, and mouth; including the initial one, if she had we could have avoided this incidence. We love her staff and the fact she could squeeze us in when our son is sick but we are choosing to switch to a multi doctor office who have 24 hour on call doctors and they can consult with each other if there is a question.  Also her accent is heavy and she is brief is her explanations.  We had been happy with her until this incidence but the trust is gone.  Good Luck.  	5	4	3	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
86	0	I am a fist time mom and I have a lot of ques. She is very rude when I ask her a question and makes me feel as if I am asking a stupid question about my childs health. Also, my child got an allergic reaction to a medication she was taking and I called her to let her know what should I do. Her response was if I was telling the truth, to take her to the ED. Why on earth would someone lie about their childs health&#63; Overall, I am not satisfy with her. P.S. her staff is great. 	5	4	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	I love Dr. Jacobson.  She is very knowledgeable and talks very straight.  If you are afraid of a doctor who tells you exactly how it is then she is not for you.  She is a little late at times, but you know why when she talks to you.  She takes her time and listens.  I have had her as my girls doctor for 4 years now.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Pacificare
86	-1	She put her bare point finger in my baby's mouth without using a latex glove or washing it, to check her sucking.I believe even this much information is enough to discribe her hygiene and professionalism.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
86	1	I haven't had a negative experience with Dr. Jacobson, nor have I had to wait an extremely long time to see her. Every visit my children have had with her have been great. She answers all of my questions and doesn't rush. She's very patient and tender with the kids and that's important to me as well. In her new office, her waiting room is very intimate, but that does not have anything to do, in my opinion, with the care she gives. I will be sad when we move and can no longer see her. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	I just went, she knows her information and she takes all of the precautions. The only time I waited was when I arrived without an appointment. She's actually pretty punctual. She changed offices, maybe thats a big difference. She answers all of my questions and then some.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
86	0	. Too many patients, rushed check-up, inaccuratly filled out prescription therefore causing a lot of time wasted, she doesn't seem to apprecite any questions from patient, overall not happy 		2	2	3 	Insurance:Aetna
86	1	prepare for a long wait. she is always overscheduled, the office is tiny, and she will not give you the time of day. very rushed atmosphere. 		1	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	Dr. Jafri is extremely knowledgeable and friendly. She is careful and conservative. We feel fortunate that she practices opthalmology in our vicinity.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
87	1	What a terrific doctor- patient, caring and very knowledgeable.I highly recommend! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	Great doctor, Very caring and thourough.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
89	-1	. Did not feel cared for, rude staff, in my opinion  the dr was incompetent 	2	5	2	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
89	1	Excellent doctor.  Informative and caring. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
90	1	 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	I came in to get new retainers because they were not fitting properly. I have to say that I am really impressed with Dr. Jacobson. He is extremely honest and could have easily told me that I needed new retainers (and they cost an arm and a leg!).. instead he insisted that my old retainers were fine and just needed some adjusting. They fit perfectly now. Really happy with my experience. He is also very knowledgeable and down to earth! 	 6/15/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
91	-1	 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	Many years of experience. Took personal interest in my health care...made my hospitalization tolerable.  Responds to my calls.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
92	1	 	2	1	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
93	1	I really like Dr. Jacobs, the office staff at her old location was awful!!! But I love the staff at her new location, it seems like all new staff. 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
93	1	I received a welcome packet with new patient paperwork, lessening my wait time for my appointment. Also, they called me to remind me of my appointment the day before. Dr. Jacobs explained everything thoroughly and put me at ease. Being my first gyn visit, I was scared and the second she walked into the door I felt better. She made little jokes and was really down to earth. She also got back to me promptly with the results.  I highly recommend her! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
93	1	I have been going to Dr. Jacobs for 17 years.  She is extremely professional and caring and has a very good bedside manner. She delivered both my healthy babies and I will be bringing my daughter to her when it's time. I have never had to wait more than 10 mins in the waiting room, and they politely call me in plenty of time, if they need to reschedule her appointment if she has to do emergency delivery/surgery.  I don't know what the complainers are talking about. Dr.  Jacobs is 5 star! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
93	1	I have been seeing dr jacobs since I was 16 and I am now 31. She is the best! Extremely knowledgeable &amp; helpful. I don't write reviews like this but was compelled to after seeing some of these ridiculous reviews. Dr Jacobs is great &amp; her reputation speaks for itself.  	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
93	1	I really, really like Dr. Jacobs &amp; Dr. Kogan and their entire staff...they are all very friendly and helpful (over and above).  I think the irritated (pissed off) person who wrote a review has some issues of her own, because I've been a patient in this office for over 15 years and have never had a problem...matter of fact, any health or Rx problem I did have they took care of with no question.  I have even now had my own stepdaughter go see Dr. Jacobs.  This is a great office!!  5 star rating from me! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
93	-1	I hope my review won't be removed. Dr jacobs has had my poor review removed from vitals.com. I had one appointment only and was so apauled by the doctors condesending way of speaking to me and the supprisingly openly rude staff. I never returned. My personal experience was so bad and the quality of care was so brutally mean the I was deeply compelled to write a review which I never do. I hope this review helps just one person make an informed decision. Sad how unprofessionaly the doctor has behaived by having my review removed and then having an aquaintance of mine who also had an even more horrid experience than myself; had her review removed as well. I personally find the doctors action so openly unethical. I am just so upset and irritated by the staff and dr jacob. No more than irritated, pissed off. Hope this helps out when u are reviewing this doctor. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
93	-1	I believe this doctor pads her reviews to get high marks.  I sincerely hope not because that would definately implicate unethicial practice.  Make sure to ask around from friends. I wouldn't trust online reviews of how wonderful she is.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
93	-1	Dr. Jacobs and her staff seem to get great reviews and based on those reviews I made an appointment.  The staff was rude and the doctor was so aweful that there aren't enough unkind words I can say about her.  For me our personalities clashed.  I say do to another doctor and do not believe the great reviews.  I am positive more people have experienced her rude staff and her rotten attitude but didn't take the time to write a review.  Well I was so upset by her and her staff, I am taking all kinds of time to write a bad review on every site I can find.  My experience was terrible.  Go to another doctor....don't waste your time.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
93	1	Dr. Jacobs is the doctor that everyone needs to go to. She is kind, understanding, and doesn't rush the patient. She will spend time talking to you and not rush to go to the next patient. I wish I had the opportunity to have her when I was pregnant.  She is the best! 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
93	1	I LOVE THIS WOMAN!  What a sweetheart-one of the most caring MD's I know.   I worked at her hospital--the nurses love her! 	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
94	1	Outstanding dermatologist.  Very attentive and knowledgeable.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
95	1	First time visit to Dr. Jacques for my annual female well care check up.  This doctor and staff are awesome.  Dr. Jacques really takes the time to get to know her patients. She is very thorough as well as personable.  I would highly recommend Dr. Jacques and her staff.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
95	1	I love her! I am in the middle of my pregnancy currently and she is so lovely. She made me feel so comfortable. You may have to wait a lil wait, but she is totally worth it. She has actually written hand written letters to me about test results, and called my phone personally.  I highly recommend her! 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
96	-1	Dr. is a very poor listener, she doesn't take the time to talk to you about your problems and every visit rushes you out.  wouldn't recommend, not even to someone i dislike 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
96	1	Dr. Jacoby is an excellent family doctor.  She is knowledgeable, but does not hesitate to give you a referral to a specialist if needed. She really listens to your health concerns and goes above and beyond in comparison to other doctors I have had in the past. I am able to get in for an appointment when something unexpected comes up and I need medical care that is not life threatening.  I would definitely recommend Dr. Jacoby.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
96	-1	After seeing this doc three times, I give up. We start from the beginning everytime to work on my condition that hasn't gotten a stich better. She's nice, but not a deep thinker.  Have waited 20 + everytime I'm in that office and the staff could give a rip that they are always late. 	1	1	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
96	1	outstanding doctor. caring, compassionate, knowledgeable, goes above and beyond for her patients.  i would recommend her to anyone! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
96	1	. She took the time to explain to me how to treat what i had very nice and very helpful 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Pacificare
96	1	I have been with Dr. Jacoby shortly after she arrived in Claremont.  She has been a consistant health care provider.  She is caring and compassionate, as is her staff.  I have moved away, and come back, and still have maintained my relationship with her.  	5	5	5	4 	Insurance:Anthem
96	-1	After questioning both the office manager and Dr. J about their misleading scheduling and billing  practice, the doc told me to find another practitioner.  Like the reviewer below, I was sent a certified letter telling me I wouldn't be seen by Dr. J anymore.  Maybe that's how the practice is run or maybe the doctor can't deal with conflict. Good to know 'cuz I'd like a doc I can have a partnership with.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
96	0	I made an appointment for a meds refill AND a women's wellness exam (pap, etc.).  When I finally (after 30 mins wait) got into the exam room, the nurse/assistant told me Dr. Jacoby wouldn't be able to do the women's wellness exam and I'd have to make another appt for another day.  I spent less than 5 mins w/ Dr. Jacoby for a measley piece of paper.  Later, after much debate w/ the office manager, I was told it wasn't their fault and I'd have to pay ANOTHER co-pay for the second appointment.  The doctor's assistant also called my prescription incorrectly to the pharmacy -- another cost to me that they took NO responsibility for. Sloppy, sloppy, sloppy.  Also beware of the 'manditory arbitration' agreement in the paperwork they give you on the first visit -- you DO NOT have to sign it to receive treatment.  	2	2	2	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
96	1	I have found Dr. Jacoby to be very caring and an exceptional listener.  She is respectful and always willing to give a referral if she feels the situation merits further investigation.  Pleasant and patient come to mind too.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
96	-1	Sent certified letter saying she would no longer see me when I asked a question about services received.  	3	4	1	3 	Insurance:Tricare
96	1	I never met a doctor quite like Dr Jacoby. Her bedside manners are excellent. She has a lot of compassion. I moved 30 miles away but I still go back to see her. She is worth the drive. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
96	1	My wife and I just love Dr. Jacoby. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
97	-1	I would not recommend Dr. Jackson. Aside from his odd and unfriendly bedside manner, he was completely unwilling to dialogue with me about the care of my son.  He refused to see us as patients because we are following a vaccine schedule that is different from that prescribed by the AAP. We are not refusing vaccines, only adjusting the schedule after much research and deliberation.  Dr. Jackson spoke AT me, not with me, the few times we were seen at his office. He was not interested in acknowledging my concerns as a mother who wants the best for her child. He wanted things done his way or the highway. Well, we chose the highway. He then placed a complaint with our insurance company and is charging my family $10 to release the medical records to our new (wonderful) pediatrician. DO NOT SEE THIS DR. IF YOU CARE TO HAVE A SAY IN THE TREATMENT OF YOUR CHILDREN. There are plenty of other DR.'s in the same office who I'm sure will treat you much better.  	3	4	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
97	1	Very thorough and knowledgable, really takes time to explain things to you. He's punctual- never been more than 15 minutes late with appointments and is apologetic when he is. He need some improvment on his bedside manners though.  Overall he's a good doctor 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
