dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	the best in the business! He is the expert in Mohs surgery and that technique.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
2	1	Very personable and able to administer immediate relief 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	-1	AVOID. He diagnosed both my mother and I with Hyperthyroidism. Put us on some pill that he was trying to get &quot;approved&quot; by the medical community to show that it would reduce your weight because of this hyperthyroidism. This is what he told me himself about the medication, not my speculation as to his alterior motives. After I became violoently ill every time I took this medication I informed him of my vomiting and diariaha. He told me &quot;it was impossible for me to be sick from this medication.&quot; &quot;You body can not reject the medication.&quot; I became very suspicious of what he was telling both my Mother and I so I had my PCP refer me to another Endocronologist. Dr. Ronald Chochinov. He informed me that neither of us had this disease and to stop taking the medication immediatly. I HIGHLY recommend Dr. Chocinov! After reading the other comment by the other woman who had the same experience I have concluded that this doctor has &quot;an agenda&quot;. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
3	-1	Always late and never does much. He just runs bloodwork every three months and ups medication when it comes back. When your results are not what he wants he tries to push his line of supplements on you which he sells at a discount to his patients. The &quot;discount&quot; is almost 3 times whay you would pay at GNC or anywhere else. If you miss two appointments even with notice they tend to drop you as a patient. He actually told me that he would not let my PCP (who referred me to him) treat his dog let alone his wife and that I should consider getting a new dr before it was &quot;too late&quot;. I gave the office staff my insurance information 3 times and each time they apparantely misplaced it. It is unfortunate that a specialist makes you feel like you cant be helped considering that is what they are there for. 		1	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
3	-1	very bad bed-side manner. Very know it all attitude. Misdiagnosed my son w. hypo-thyroidism. 		3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	I have been with Doctor Zalin from the beginning.  The care and concern is great and her knowledge and treatment is excellent.  The office is neat and clean, the rates are fair.  I could not be happier.  I read and re-read the first person's comments.  If you paid $1000 out of your pocket in a month, and if your co-pay is $10, that's 100 visits in a month.  That is over 3 visits a day!!!  If you doubled the co-pay to $20, that's still 50 visits in a month, which is 1 1/2 visits a day.  Nobody goes in that much.  And if it was so bad, why did he/she go in so many times instead of stopping sooner&#63;  Come on, I suggest you ignore this complainer who is full of falsehoods and generalities.  I suggest you come in and see for yourself firsthand.  You will not be disappointed.  	 9/1/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	I don’t usually participate in these kinds of sites.  But I felt I had to after seeing the first posting here, which was ridiculous.  This person must be mistaken or was in the wrong office. Dr. Zalin and Dr. Zalin’s office are nothing like what this person has suggested.  Dr. Zalin is a kind and caring chiropractor.  More than that, she had addressed my specific problems and found me relief and hope.  I have been to other chiropractors who were good, but she really is the one of the best in my opinion. Her office is new and clean.  All you have to do is open your eyes and see for yourself. As for her fees, she is extremely reasonable.  I have been with her for years, with and without insurance, and it has never been a financial burden ever.  	 8/28/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	-1	This so-called 'doctor' charged me nearly $1000 (plus what my insurance chipped in) for a month of sub-par care.  Literally, she billed me $20 each time I stretched my own neck on a contraption SHE NEVER CLEANS OR SANITIZES (sanitation violation...&#63;&#63;).  She did not even see me stretch (false claims mean anything&#63;&#63;) or really show me how to use the device properly... but sure was quick to add $20 to the bill every time she told me to use it. After many times saying my care was up to me, she continually insulted me for not wanting to get X-rays..... maybe upset not to rack up more charges&#63;  To add insult to injury, I had to discontinue care because she told me she was &quot;the last doctor in L.A. who could help me&quot; and smiled like that was some funny joke.  Her adjustments are a joke, her prices are ludicrous, her clinic is not sanitary (did I mention water stains on the ceiling&#63;)... no wonder she has no patients!!  Don't waste your time or money.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	Dr. Zarembinski is a top flight physician.  He made me feel comfortable and educated me on the whole process.  I appreciate the level of professionalism he showed.  The procedure was quick and painless.  I would refer him to all people having knee and joint problems. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	Dr. Malak Shammas is by far the best doctor that I have ever gone to see. When I arrived I was greeted by her receptionist who was eager to answer any questions that I had. I barely had to wait 5 minutes to see Dr. Shammas, and in a city of &quot;hour long waits&quot; that was refreshing. Not only was Dr. Shammas informed and professional, but her bedside manner is unsurpassed. She has such a calming tone and demeanor that you feel like you can tell her anything. She cares, helps, and listens. I cannot recommend her enough. If you are looking for a doctor who is truly the best, then look no further.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
6	1	She was very knowledgeable and took her time unlike other doctors who are always in a rush.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
7	1	She was amazing and worked with me financially so I could afford the work I needed. Plus her shots didn't hurt at all! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	0	She never takes her time with me and always gives me a feeling of being rushed. She never once has called me back and ALWAYS has her staff call me for each question I ask I receieve a &quot;I will ask her and call you back&quot;! Wait times are not long but I see why...because I am rushed out of there. Questions go unanswered and my issue is not looked into. Looking at changing to another SHARP doctor, asap! 	3	3	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
9	-1	Very rude and uncaring. Ill treatment of staff and patients.  		5	1	1 	Insurance:Delta Dental
10	1	Dr Parisa is very patient and caring and always willing to provide useful information. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	During my visit I felt that I was treated very well.I would absolutely recommend this doctor to my family and friends.  I felt this visit was an amazing success!Overall I would rate this visit : outstanding! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	Dr. Zakarian is an absolutely amazing dentist! He did an incredible job in repairing the tooth that others had  recommended for extraction and the bridge he made looks (and feels!) so natural that even I can't tell the difference between the bridge and my 'real' teeth. After a long time, I finally found a dentist who is caring, professional, and whom I completely trust.  Needless to say, I highly recommend him! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
12	1	Excellent dentist.  Has a sense of humor and helpful if you are not ready to commit to major adjustments.  Helpful and recommends other specialists.  You will be assured a good dentist when you sign up with Dr. Zakarian.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
12	1	Dr. Zakarian is outstanding! He combines the latest dental techniques with new concepts in &quot;alternative healing&quot;. He's helped my husband and myself with several teeth issues (including receding gums and teeth grinding) that three other doctors could not figure out. We recommend &quot;Dr. Z&quot; to everyone we know. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	Dr. Zander is one of the best doctors i have ever experienced in my 77 years of life. One instance for example is when he was going on vacation and the morning of (2:00 am) he went out of his way to call in a prescription for me to the pharmacy. He is a very gentle man and he goes beyond for his patients. I would recommend him to anyone. Even the pope 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	Tuesday I felt my tooth started to ache, by Thursday morning I could barley eat. I must have called about six dentists before I found a dentist who would see me on Friday morning, that dentist was Dr. Z. First let me say,  for some reason I like having a female dentist. After scheduling an appointment I received a call from Dr. Zarabian asking about my condition. She called to see how bad my pain was.. she said if I was in terrible pain, she could meet me at the office at 5:30.. I rushed over to her office.  Apparently I had an old crown that had cracked and was infected. Dr. Z explained my situation and why I was experiencing such pain and carefully explained how we could my mouth feel better. Within an hour everything was on it's way back to normal.. It's a comforting feeling to meet a doctor who cares about me feeling better. Allthought I am not a dentist, I would say that Dr. Z certianly makes patient care as her top priority.   I totally appreciate that!!! 	 11/27/11	5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
15	-1	I was told after my checkup to come back in 6 hours for my cleaning. The office is dirty and runs more like an assembly line than a family dentistry. Cold, impersonal, and uncaring. Better Business Bureau gave Dr. Zak a &quot;D&quot;. I'm not surprised in the least. Very sad experience overall. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
15	-1	I was first hard sold a barrage of treatments. It took 4 visits before I walked out after these repeated treatments went nowhere. When I had questions and complaints Doctor Zak refused to even come to the counter to deal with me even though I could see him in the back.... Oh well....Caveat emptor ... Turns out it was a good thing, after finding and visiting a new dentist, seeing his modern equipment, and modern techniques,I realized how outdated and dirty Dr Zaks office and equipment really is. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	. very clean, good staff, nothing hurt!  i love the doctor 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Pacificare
15	-1	Make sure you questions what they ask to you to pay and verify what is or is not cover with your insurance company prior to handing them your cash/check/credit card.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
15	-1	majority of calls went straight to voice mail. hard pressure sales talk to do porcelain veneers that were not necessary. when asked for further consultation the dentist never returned my call. 	1	2	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	wonderful doctor. felt very confident in him. nice disposition. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	Dr. Leila Zamiri is the best Dentist in Long Beach.. She really cares about her patients and is very helpful in many ways. Her office is really nice and really clean. I wouldnt trade her for no other dentist, she has a very light hand and you dont feel like if shes actually doing treatment on you. She does Great work and i would really recommend her to anyone one. I am very happy with her. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	Dr.Zamiri is amazing!!! She is so nice and helpful and she actually cares about you as a patient. I will NEVER go to another dentist. I have been going to her for about 5 years and I absoultely love her. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	0	The first impression you get from the office is not the best. She is young and not experinced at all and very eager to get you in chair for a procedure. Money hungry, unfortunately like most dentists... 	1	2	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	She was the best denist that I've ever had.  She no longer works at the office I was going to and I would like to find her so that I can go to whatever denist office she is at now.  I was terribly afraid of the denist and she gave me a root canal that I never felt, even after the numbing wore off.  She was extremley curteous, knowledgeable and friendly.  I called the number listed above and she was not practicing at that office.  If you could provide me with her information I would be so grateful.  My email address is jdavis@lacclink.com, should you have any information for me on her.   Thank you 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
18	1	Fantastic experience. I would recommend Dr. Zap to anyone. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	She is the best dermatologist, great bedside manner. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	I bring all my children to this doctor and I love him. He is very knowledgable and I trust his judgement. He always tries to get to the root of the problem instead of prescribing unnecessary medications.He is friendly and helpful.  	3	2	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
19	0	I don't think that this doctor knows what he is doing. He is always changing his mind on the diagnosis. He also seems to put patients down and treat everyone as if they are drug addicts. I sincerely hope that He changes how he treats his patients.  	5	5	3	2 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
20	1	Dr Zaidel is the best.  I have to agree 100% with the first post on this site. He truly cares about his patients overall health.  He often runs behind, because he does not rush patients in and out.  He want you not 99% better but 100% better and strives to get you there.  I can't say enough about what a wonderful physician Dr. Zaidel is.  It is too bad that all Dr's are not as caring and concerned about their patients. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	Dr. Zaidel raises the bar on professionalism and bedside manners.  He listened to me, he took terrific notes, made excellent suggestions, didn't rush me out, had a great sense of humor and is extremely intelligent.  I can't rate him high enough.  He has elevated the standard on some many levels of the way doctors should be with their patients that it simply makes it hard to go to anyone else.  Very thorogh AND he has the ability to understand life's situations and how they play a role in your life and your health.  He even took the tiem to not only ask me I do for a living, but took a genuine intersted in what I actually do.  The most comfortable and thorough doctor I have ever been to.  I can't recommended him enough.  Thanks Dr. Zaidel.  You are simply thee best.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
20	1	great doctor; staff not really bad; problem with operator; when you want an appt she sends you straight to voice mail. 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	Was very personable and eager to answer my questions.  Seems to prefer treating patients with drugs rather that checking diet or alternative methods of treatment.  	2	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
21	0	.  	3	1	1	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	1	Doesn't seem like the typical HMO doctor.  Has never shied away from ordering tests, taking the time to consult, prescribing meds, or making a referral.  Very knowledgeable.  Always follows up when need be - either via the phone or a letter.  Though he may not always look you in the eye, he's as friendly as necessary.  I was pleasantly surprised to find him in this small network.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
22	1	best kept secret of MPTF. Facility is limited to patients in the motion picture industry, but he is very knowledgeable, and thorough. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	Good personality and very caring towards his patients 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	. exelent skill 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	-1	They only care about the money! Better to pick another doctor.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	-1	wait time is too lon, doctor is only in there for 2 min and he doent even know your history( read the file) you call with questions and the nurses tell you everything is normal!! why cant you ask the doctor&#63;&#63; Theres tons of good doctors out there choose a good one not this one. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
26	-1	To my horror, this doctor actually prescribed medication for my child based on a request by the school district (he precribed it before ever seeing the child). We had several appointments with him. We found him to behave in a patronizing manner and of little help. At no time did he offer constructive information on how to deal with any issues we discussed. On several visits (by myself, without my husband in the room), he repeatedly asked if I was 'attracted' to him. I was not, and said so, but he persisted in asking this question during several visits.  I do NOT recommend this person to anyone. 	2	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
27	-1	This guy is a rip off!!!!! He does not know what he is doing.  Office is filthy.  He promised and we did not get any thing but a botched  25%  of a job that has to completely redone.  HIs implant specialist left us high and dry and left to Iran 1 1/2 ago.  We have no more money now and wasted 2 1/2 years of our time with him.  Check out what the Dental Board of Ca said about him.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Delta Dental
27	-1	 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
27	-1	This guy is awful.  He should not even be practicing in any capacity.  Please do not see this man and make the same mistake I did.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Delta Dental
28	-1	Worst doctor I've every had. He was over an hour and a half late and kept me waiting. He then yelled at his staff member in front of me. Awhile later I saw another doctor and found out he had over medicated me. Also, he closed his practice within a week and is now in Orange County. I will never recommend him. Save your time and money and see another doctor. 	5	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	Waiting time in too long. Your aoopointment time is useless. Always have to wait 30min ~1Hr to be called for 5 minute treatment. 	2	1	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	My nephew likes him. Knowledgeable and caring.  	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
30	-1	Front Staff is very rude and very unorganized!!! The 1st appt open was 2 weeks after I called,Appt was @ 1:00,i arrived @ 12:40 for paper work.They called me in @ 2:15,just to put me in the supply room,I didnt meet the doc until 3:30.He took my medical history and went to review my MRI,he came back 1 hr. later.I left around 4:45.Only had face-to-face time with the doc for 15 mins max!He is a good doc,and knows what hes talking about, but unless you have a lotttt of time... I DON'T RECOMMEND HIM! 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Pacificare
31	-1	they billed me thousands of dollars for work that was never done.  Have been trying to resolve for 8 months. They are uncooperative and trying very hard to keep the money that was fraudulently charged.  	4	2	1	1 	Insurance:Delta Dental
31	-1	The staff at SeaBreeze is very unorganized. The wait times are especially long for ortho appointments. I have waited over an hour on several occasions. They over book and under deliver. I had my daughter under a treatment plan to get braces. When I had paid all the money under the treatment plan, I asked to make sure I wouldn't be billed further and got mixed answers everytime.  If I wasn't already invested in this dentist financially, I would have quit the treatment and gone somewhere else. I would not recommend this dentist office to anyone. The patients are just a number ($$). 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
31	-1	Got some cavities filled at SEA BREEZE DENTAL.. It's been a year now and I can't chew with half of my mouth because of the pain caused by the procedure.  &quot;Dr. Z&quot; drilled really deep and when he went to set the filling the UV bulb kept dying so I'm not sure if it even set correctly.  Why &quot;save&quot; the tooth if you can't use ever use it again&#63;  It was my worst dental experience and I've had my wisdom teeth out.  	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Delta Dental
32	0	I am rating this doctor as a nurse working with him.  He is degrating and disrespectful.  He was unprofessional in front of the entire nurses station. 	5	5	1	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	During my visit I felt that I was treated well.I would most likely recommend this doctor to my family and friends.  I felt this visit was some help.Overall I would rate this visit : good. 		3	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
33	-1	This doctor said I needed a hysterectomy and had atypical cells in my uterus. After 2 other opinions, it turned out I didn't need a hysterectomy and had no trace of cancer. I feel this doctor is not knowledgeable.  	2	3	2	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
33	-1	I thought she was very rough during my papsmear. It did not hurt, but it was noticible compared to other OBGYNs that I had been to. Her general demeanor is abrasive. I was expecting someone who what going to be compassionate to my needs, but instead made me feel my ailment was all my fault.  I will NEVER go back to this woman! 		2	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	-1	She was very rough during a papsmear and when I told her it hurt she asked &quot;haven't you had a normal pap smear before&quot; watch out she asks for your religion on the signin form. Also wouldn't prescribe birth control pills because she said my blood pressure was high I told her that was because I was nervous not to mention the nurse took it in less than 10 seconds! Steer clear unless you don't mind pain.  		2	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	1	Dr. Zaglin treated all of my children since they were babies until they were old enough to switch out of pediatrics. He was always very helpful and he knows how to work with children under any circumstance. I would highly recommend him for someone with young children.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	1	He is always on time.   Always being very imformative 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	-1	Unqualified staff, rude and very unhelpful 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	warm, knowledgeable dr.spaeres no time or effort to help her patients. highly recommend! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	1	I've been sick for years, nobody could find out what was wrong with me.Dr.Alla Zander was able to diagnose &amp; treat me.Her care,strength &amp; thinking out of the box gave me new lease on life.  Thank you! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	1	Wonderful optometrist and this office has very friendly and courteous staff.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Pacificare
40	-1	This doc is very rude and sarcastic.  Extremely unpleasant to deal with. 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
40	-1	This doc. is always in a rush during visits. I called his office when I was in a lot of pain after surgery. He did not return my call. After several tries I contacted my family physician. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	I saw Dr. Zablit two times. The first was for a consultation on a chalazion I had. The 2nd time was for the surgery on the chalzion. Unfortunately, the chalazion has not gone away post surgery. I'm sure cases can vary, but this is my experience. 	5	5	5	3 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	Dr. Zablit operated on my eyes for cataracts and will continue to check my early-stage macular degeneration. He is an experienced doctor who cares about his patients. In the surgical ward of Scripps clinic, he has a reputation for punctuality. He is easy to talk with. His staff are helpful and friendly. I can with confidence recommend him to others. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	I found Dr. Zamost by searching for a gastroeneterologist here on Rate My Doctor.  What people said about him is correct.   He is helpful, goes into great details, gives you all the info you need, is realistic, and was perfectly on time!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
42	1	Friendly, smart.  Helped me understand my illness.  Approachable, nice.  Excellent bed side manner.  I fully recommend him if you have any GI issues.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
42	1	. Excellent manners Dr meets patient in the waiting room and escorts to exam room staff is very friendly and organized  call ahead for appt expect a  week or so for appointment 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
42	1	Dr. Zamost is the best doctor I have found in the Long Beach area to help me with my Crohns Disease..He is smart and gives me all my options. He is clear in his explanations and has wonderful compassion. He truly cares for his patients and if he doesn't know the answer he admits it and will try to find a solution..very helpful and loving. Great doctor. His assistant Wanda is amazing as well.  	4	4	5	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	1	I've been a patient of Dr. Z' for the last two years and have referred my entire family to see him! he's incredibly patient and is really personable, he makes us feel like he's an old friend. He's a young doctor but we were all surprised at how he turned my mother's health around for the better after she had been &quot;treated&quot; by another doc for so many years. Literally she was feeling better within a couple of weeks of having seen Dr. Z, apparently it was a simple change of medication that her old doctor never bothered to check (and that doctor's been practicing a lot longer than Dr. Z!). The staff at Dr. Z's old office, they were really rude. I expressed my concerns to Dr.  Z and he addressed it with the office manager right away. The good news is that he's changed office locations and the new staff are so delightful! I highly recommend designating him as your family physician. He has gone above and beyond for my family and we're happy to have him in Glendale.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
43	1	Fabulous doctor.  Very professional and good bed-side manor.  He understands what is at the root of some very common oversights made by other doctors.  I really liked that he will do Botox but also looks into my allergies with vigor and interest.  I find that he is available to his patients and LISTENS. It is interesting that so many people settle for second best when the best is out there in Glendale.  Dr. Z takes care to listen--yes-- but he does not get nervous with list-toting patients who need specific help.  Overall, he found the root of my Gluten based issues.  Yes, I feel so much better.  I have a great respect for Doctors who are like Dr. Zamorano.  He really takes time with his patients!!  He is the best.  I will continue to be a patient.   OUTSTANDING!!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	-1	I initially was very happy with her, she is knowledgeable; however, not being able to figure out what I had, rather than refer me out to another specialist, I felt like she abandoned me and let me figure it out on my own on who I should see next. Didn't bother to follow up with me in that regard. 	5	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	This was my first root canal.  The office staff was friendly and went over my insurance with me in detail.  I was asked for payment prior to treatment, but my general dentist does this too so I expected it. Dr. Zaghi went over the procedure in detail and during the procedure I liked that she kept asking if I was comfortable.  It was a pleasant experience. There were a lot of shots at the beginning but that was aokay with me cause I didn't feel anything during the procedure.  I would recommend her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
46	1	. I saw him for a second opinion, he sounded so convincing and understanding 	 7/1/11	4	4	5	Insurance:Anthem
46	1	I really recommend him , he is young, but experienced. I LOVE him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
47	-1	Horrible doctor treated his patients poorly. No time with me. One foot out the door. Uncaring staff, very dirty office. This doctor cares nothing for people. Cold and calloused.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
47	-1	Overheard staff talking about shredding patient folders because of their phone attitude. Doctor refuses to do anything when you come in. He doesn't have the ability.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
48	0	Nice Docotor but horrible office staff. Had a pre-op appointment for Rhinoplasty that Lori-ann the secretray neglected to tell me would be for 3 hours. I waited an hour before they were even ready for me, but then i had to leave because of a prior appointmtent. Before I left I got an approved credit line for the cost of the procedure and paid $500 to re-schedule the appt. Since they did not have the dates I wanted I asked if I could switch pre-op dates wi,th my girlfriend who had an earlier date. However when they called her she declined because of the $250 charge to make the switch. So i assumed that I would have the same pre-op date we had originally decided. But when I showed up they said &quot;What are you doing here&quot;. Apparantly my appointment was never booked. To add insult to injury the office staff was not apologetic and acted like I did something wrong. I left work 1.5 hrs early to make this appointment on time and schedeuled a week of vacation time for recovery time. 	1	1	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
49	-1	For 8 implants he is done 5 fall. Very expensive, he gives quote letter he change the price!!!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	They smile , they friendly but way too expensive. They rip me off  once and no more again. Just for cleaning they charge 250 which is double then other dentist charge. 	4	3	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
49	-1	What a terrible dentist, overcharging patients and has no knowledge whatsoever.Running around his office non stop and won't stay for a minute with his patients. Doesn't care if you leave his office satisfied or not, as long as they get your money.Will never come back there. 	4	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	Dr. Maciek Zajac has done excellent job in my very difficult case. What he has done looked like a miracle. I can smile thanks to him again. I would highly recommend him as a very knowledgeable and very friendly doctor. His staff is very kind and helpfull too. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
50	-1	She doesn't hear anything you have to say. Very rude! 	5	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
50	-1	she has mis-dignosed me 2xs..doesnt listen..bad doctor-patient relationship..says im over reacting..blames my weight on everything..doesnt know one patient from the next...has to study file then gets your info all wrong...doesnt remember which test or meds or specialist she has sent you to...she is never wrong and makes you feel like you dont know whats bothering you..she has no compansion or sympathy for her patients...she comes in throws herself on the table gets one thing in her head and ignores whatever problem you may be dealing with...i told her about my thyroid problem and she sadi it was just heartburn take nexium...but it thyroid cancer and has to be removed....my husband was irate...we are now looking for a new doctor who will spend time and listen to us...and not have to be miss know it all cause im the doctor and alwasy right.... 	5	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
51	1	Dr. Zarian did a really good sonic cleaning and polishing (himself - not a hygenist), checked gum pockets, reviewed my recent x-rays, advised on specifics of dental care to address my particulars. He had a FAR more reasonable approach to dental care than another guy I went to in Glendale who said I was in bad shape and needed all this work that would cost literally thousands - none of which seemed appropriate based on my past experience. Dr Zarian addressed the concerns in those same areas (without me telling him *anything* about what the other dentist said), told me what I needed to do and watch out for and that I was in good shape and didn't need any work done. Everything he said was clearly communicated, and made sense to me. His cleaning seemed thorough but he was gentle and careful, and answered any questions I had without hesitation. Dr. Zarian is awesome and is my new dentist.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
51	1	An excellent dentist.  I have been going to him for 15 years.  His staff is just as wonderful as he is that's why you will never run into anyone in the waiting room.  They are extremely efficient.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
52	1	Very helpful practicioner because she listens well, offers useful  insight, demonstrates genuine concern and sets appropriate boundaries.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
53	1	Dr. Tannaz is very thorough and methodical.  It was my initial visit and I am really happy we found her.  I like that she focus on preventive medicine.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
53	1	Dr. Zahirpour is a wonderful, caring, knowledgeable doctor.... so happy I found her! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
53	1	Dr Tannaz,is ver methodical in her diagnosis. Very czring and knowlegeable and talks to you.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
54	1	I have been going to Dr. Z for about 20+ years for control of my high blood pressure.  I just wished my dad could have gone to him earlier under his care.  He is a no nonsense doctor who is likely and outspoken enough to give you a reality check when going into his office.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	0	Dr. Zamost USED to be my doctor... that is until the third mistake he made on a diagnosis for me and also for two friends, who STILL go to him.  He said my blood work was fine.  Turns out I was diabetic and found out from a dental check-up!  He told a friend she did not have to worry about the large freckle on her back..... which turned out to be cancerous and deeply imbedded by the time it was surgically removed.  Another friend was diagnosed with a pulled muscle.  Turns out she needed a hip replacement.  He is friendly and knowledgable yet a bit quick to make decisions and assumptions.  Best to find someone who has a vested interest in your health.  	3	3	2	3 	Insurance:Anthem
54	1	Very unhappy that Dr. Zamost has his staff return the calls from the patients.  I have been trying to get a Refill on a cream  4 times .  My family contracted scabies from their school.  I received enough cream but the eggs hatched and the children are iching and misrable.  I have spent more than 200.00 on trying to get rid of them.  Borax, Tree trea oil, etc.... I have been running back and forth to the laundry place  DAILY washing linens and towels.  I am a single mom and not working.  I told Dr Zamost staff several times that I could not afford another office vist for the same diagnosis.  I am completely disappointed at this point.  If Dr. Zamost had ever expienced the infestation he would probably understand.  We have been patients of his for 13 year. And I feel at this point we need to find another doctor.  Dr Zamost if a patient calls asking help more than once about the same issue and it involves children have a heart.  MA 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	I have been going to this doctor for primary care over 20 years and he has taken good care of me. He knows what treatments are reasonable and doesn't require unnecessary or extraneous tests or procedures.  When necessary he has directed me to excellent specialists and even then keeps track of whats being done. I will always be grateful when on one occasion when I had an serious allergic reaction to a prescription from a specialist he took immediate action to help me.  He is a funny guy and relaxed in his approach to his patients.  My appointments have all been scheduled in the very near term and there is never a long wait (less than 10 minutes).  He and his staff will accommodate same day visits as needed and if possible.   If you need a hand holder you probably should see someone else, but you will be missing out on an excellent doctor.  	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	1	If you are in a hurry for stuff like a cold, ear infection or strep throat then you can't beat him. He will get you in and out very quickly. If however, you are going with a more serious or unusual circumstance, I would go elsewhere. He is very quick, and knows an awful lot about your everyday stuff, but if he will miss vitamin or hormone deficiencies, etc. But then, so will most medical doctors...  	5	5	4	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
54	1	If you don't like sarcastic humor, don't go to this guy. I happen to LOVE his humor! I have known him and gone to him since I worked at LB Memorial in the 70's. The guy is FANTASTIC. Was so great when my mom; also his patient, died a year ago. Her last words leaving his office were, &quot;he's never steered me wrong&quot;. HIGHLY recommended. Never had a problem with him NOT listening.  Gets to the point and I LIKE that! Doesn't require an &quot;office visit&quot; to just fill an RX like so many docs do!! Honestly can't say enough about this guy!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	1	He's a great doctor, he is also competent and very knowlegeable.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
54	1	Great punctuality!(If only we could get his staff to manage the Dept.  of Motor Vechicles) 	5	5	4	4 	Insurance:CIGNA
54	1	I love Dr. Z but have changed my IPA because even though he is one of the kindest doctors I have ever met - the specialists available for referral are very poor.  Know what they called the medical student who graduated last in his class&#63;&#63; Doctor - and they are all specialists for Health Care Partners 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	1	DR Z HAS BEEN MY FAMILY DOCTOR FOR 33 YEARS. MY KIDS AND GRANDCHILDREN ARE HIS PATIENTS AS WELL.  HE HAS ALWAYS GIVEN US THE BEST CARE AND ADVICE .  I PLAN TO GO TO HUM UNTIL HE RETIRES 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
54	1	We are newer to the office but love the Doc. He is always on time, helpful and the office staff is wonderful. we don't plan on leaving until he retires.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
54	1	Came highly recommended by an MD and after about 20 years of treatment, I've learned over and over WHY!  Master diagnostician who always seems to be on top of your problems beforehand with well-thought course of treatment -  no hesitation!  Punctual, never late in seeing you!  Doesn't overprescribe drugs.  Helpful with a good sense of humor.   Sometimes a bit too hurried but doesn't hesitate to give you added time and answers all questions.  Answers and returns calls promptly.  This guy is a gem!  Which is why he's been rated one of the top 100 MDs in the L.A. area!  Wouldn't hesitate to recommend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
54	1	I'm a long time patient and very satisfied.  He works hard to see everyone that he can in a very timely manner.  He takes the time to listen to you if you have a problem or concern.   I think he is great! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
54	1	He has treated my whole family and many friends through the years.  He is tough in that he won't let you whine etc., but he will see you at a moments notice if it is really necessary and he knows what he is doing. You feel like he cares about you. Plus he is the only doctor that I've ever heard of that will actually call you back if you call with a question.  I think he is great. 	4	5	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	Marvin Zamost is an exceptional diagnostician. Attentive but quick. Always feel that I got out what I needed to. Refered me and my family to specialists of the highest caliber. You can trust him with your life.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
54	1	Good practioner. Very sharp. If I ask him about some aspect of my personal health, he has already noted it, but generally will only make a comment if I ask about it. (I am referring to a health problem other than the one I came to see him about). Would recommend him to friends. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
54	-1	He has been my physician, off and on, for over ten years but no more. Yes he is rough and sarcastic, always in a hurry etal and that would be OK if he just LISTENED! Early this year, I had to bring to his attention a lesion on my lip. His advice, leave it alone and let it heal. By the time I'd gotten a referral to a derm (HMO you know) and got an appointment, I'd moved. He was just so happy I had quite smoking that he couldn't focus on my problem. I have had to go outside the HMO system to see a derm who correctly diagnosed the lesion as cancer and I'm paying for the surgery out of my own pocket. Also, several years ago I am of the opinion that a delayed/mis diagnosis caused my son undue pain until a referral to the proper specialist was obtained. He's ok on normal stuff but once it gets out of the norm, I would recommend that you watch out.  	3	3	2	2 	Insurance:HealthPartners
54	1	He won't spend time with you but he knows what he is talking about, He has never been wrong and he cares, while acting sarcastic and he keeps telling me things and if I would listen i would probably be in better health.  		4	3	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
54	1	Listens and diagnoses well. Limits medications and does not seem to be influenced by drug company sales people. Generaly don't have to wait and feel that he spends the necessary time with me. Personally goes over test results and returns phone calls promptly. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	Great Doctor -- Have been to him for more than 20 years. He is always knowledgeable on the diagnosis, how to treat it and doesn't attempt to over-medicate. Sure, he has a little bit of a sarcastic humor but I do enjoy that about him. If I have any questions about any illnesses (either mine or a family member's), he is always willing to answer them. I'd recommend him without hesitation. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	I have been a patient of Dr Zamost for over 15 yrs and he has always been attentive and helpful for me. He listens believe me. He just doesn't suffer fools and tells you straight out if you shouldn't be there with something like a cold when there is no prescription for that. He may be a bit rough on the edges but he cares. 		5	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
54	-1	Does not listen. Always in a big rush. Very sarcastic...thinks he is funny. He is usually on time but in a hurry. 		3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	He knows his stuff, and hes a nice guy, but he does not spend that much time with you. he also does have a poor bedside mannor. But he is helpful.  		3	3	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	-1	His knowledge of medicine is POOR, his bedside manner is POOR and he has an abrasive personality.I have asked to have my records transfered to another doctor.  		1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	1	He always makes himself available even in untimely situations. He also has such a GREAT Sense of Humor.  Even when you're not feeling too good, he can put a smile on your face! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
54	1	Down to earth practioner whom I've been with for 17 years along with my kids since birth.When I worked in the hospital setting over 20 yrs ago, he was well respected by patients, peers and staff alike. That's why I selected him and have never regretted it for a moment.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
55	1	Extremely kind, Very good doctor, the best I have met.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
56	1	Came in for a rash from a perfume lady at MAcy's put on me. Went to Dr Zaks and he gave me a cream that got rid of it within 4 days.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
56	1	Took care of my rash from my new perfume in 2 days! Really smart, confident dermatologist. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	Went to Dr. Zaks to have my lips naturally done. It looks so great! Girls, if your'e looking to have nice lips, go to him. It barely hurt and it looks so good! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
56	-1	Total scam.  Zaks wants $$ upfront and requires at least 2 treatment payments paid at once before you are even seen for acne/scars laser.  Wait time unbearable...hours long, no joke.  I am now in debt for over $4,000 and no improvement....wanted to believe so badly but nope, it is a scam and he is a greedy doctor.  Sorry but that's the truth...you are just a number and he rushes you through one right after the other yet the wait before hand can be over an hour..usually 2.  It would be worth the wait if there were even minor benefits to his procedures.  There were none that I experienced after continuous advising you to avoid this Dr. Zaks who fleeces money from the desperate. If you Google &quot;Acne Beverly Hills&quot; his name comes up first because....he's a self-promoter in a fashion that draws yo u in hook, line and sinker.  Good luck.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Pacificare
56	1	Saw him for a rash I got from a allergic reaction to some new perfume I tried.  Cream he gave me worked in like 4 days! great doctor 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
56	1	great bedside manner and professional. Dr. Zaks gave me some special cortisone injections right before my wedding and I was acne free for it!!! Now it is being controlled with some prescriptions. Only required 2 visits!! highly recommend :) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	Dr. Zaks is very kind & caring as well being very thorough. His bedisde manner is topnotch. He found a mole that was almost cancerous and he cut it out very quickly.  If you need skin doctor, I highly encourage you to see him :) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
56	-1	DONT GO TO HIM. HE IS SLEEEEEZY! AND A CON DR. TRYING TO GET $ ONLY!!!i payed a fortune for acne laser. he made me pay all 5 treatments upfront.  he probably knew that they never work so after 3 treatments you cant change your mind 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
56	1	Very good with the laser for my face. After seeing Dr. Zaks, it feels like my skin did before I went sun-tanning all those years. Brown spots, fine lines much much better. I highly recommend this office! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
56	-1	I completed 2 out of 4 appointments for treatment at Dr. Boris Zaks office in Q1 2008.  I ended up waiting for literally 3 hours at the 2nd appointment before seen. I didn't complain but others were very upset.  After a heated dispute over staff attitudes at the clinic I decided I wasn't comfortable going to this office anymore.  I personally asked Dr. Boris Zaks for a 1/2 refund ($1850) because I wasn't comfortable with his employees.  He flat out refused referencing his payment contract, which stated absolutely no refunds for partial treatments.  He also stated that the pre-payment for all treatments is discounted over individual treatments.  In fact, his price is higher than most and there is no other option but to pre-pay. It is appalling that a physician would fight so hard to keep $1,850 for services he didn’t render knowing the possibility of consumer complaints and negative reviews. I feel that Dr. Zaks prioritizes his cash flow first and would never recommend him. 	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	He is a very nice and caring doctor,which is more than I can say about his receptionist.Although Dr.Zaks is very nice,he did not help me with my acne at all.I did the laser and light sensitive treatment and noticed no results at all. 	 4/19/08	2	5	2	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	Very Nice and Pleasant Doctor! Takes the time to figure out the cause of your problem. My rash went away within 3 days. Next time I have a skin problem, I will definitely see him! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	I went to Dr. Zaks and he finally took care of my acne. I wasted $1000s by going to other doctors and medical spas. He is incredible with lasers! My friend also goes to him for Botox and she looks amazing! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	. she is lovely! very kind 7 tries to connect with her patients!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
58	1	He is the best Doctor; 14 of my family members use him as their primary doctor he is very smart, and trustworthy.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
58	1	My family has been with Dr. Zacharias since the birth of my son 21 years ago. We have stayed with him through insurance and medical group changes.He has never rushed me through and appointment because of his other cases. He listens, remembers everything, and truly cares about his patients. When my husband's mother passed away last year, Dr.  Zacharias saw her obituary, made the connection, and sent us a sympathy card! We love our doctor! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
58	1	This is a very good doctor. He took care of my grandmother for years. My only wish is that UCD did not have him booked with back to back patients so he could have more time to spend with each patient.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
59	0	I always leave my appointments dissatisfied. My impression is he does not like to refer to other md's, preferring to do treatment himself.  	 6/1/09	5	4	3	Insurance:Medicare
59	1	Dr Zaki is responsible, prompt, and readily available for his patients.  He gives educated responses, and will do whatever asked, and more.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
60	-1	 	1	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
60	-1	The staff is very unprofessinoal &amp; careless about the needs of people visiting the office. They lack customer service. 	1	3	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	OUTSTANDING DOCTOR AND STAFF.  VERY HELPFUL 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
60	1	Dr. Zand has been my physician for the past 5 yrs and I must say that he is a wonderful Doctor He is very helpful, great listener and knows his stuff. He always makes time to call and follow up on his patients to see how they are doing. Oh, did I mention that he is also very good looking!!! A pleasure to look at.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
61	1	DR ZAFARANCHI has taken care of my two daughters for a few years now , she always listens ,gives them what medication they need for a speedy recovery and back in school . she always is very kind and caring and my daughters really like her.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
61	1	I ABSOLUTELY would recomend Dr. Zafaranchi to anyone looking for a pediatrician! She is extremely attentive to anything that my son may need her for. She is extremely caring towards the patient and their well-being as well as any concerns from the parent. I could not ask for a better Doctor for my family! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
61	-1	This Md is very unreliable everytime that I need an appointment for my child I have to call at least 2-3 mos. in advance to see any openings. When finally my son is in the office she is always spending about 3 mins MAX with him and gives him the same diagnosis of Ear infection. I am tired of her providing my son with Just antibiotics. When I asked to see my sons ENT specialist she DENIED the request. I had to change her as an MD. for my sons well being. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	Dr. Zafaranchi goes way beyond what is expected. She has a wonderful bed side manner, never rushes you out of the office, listens to all your concerns and makes the appropriate referral if necessary. I couldn't ask for a more caring pediatrician for my children. I love her!!!!! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	The Best Doctor anyone could have. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
63	0	Hard to know if she's knowledable. Offered little advice but a script. Did not look at me, the patient, only the computer. Limited skill at talking and using the computer at the same time. Indicated more interest in documenting than listening.  	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
63	1	Dr. had good knowledge but her bedside manner was somewhat brash. She asked a lot of questions about my personal life and seemed kind of judgmental and a little sarcastic about a few things (that were not at all related to my health.)  If you like a direct personality she seems like a good doctor, but I don't think she's a good match for me.  She seemed to know various disciplines and the community well, so I'm bummed that we were mismatched personalities.  But I really didn't get that warm, caring feeling that I need from a doctor.  	3	5	3	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	1	Dr.Zarinejad is a real professional. She is very honest, considerate, flexible, caring and most importantly knowledgable. Throughout the therapy, she is punctual, patient, helpful, and consistent. She has an excellent memory, what is very important in this sort of practice. All in all, she is the best you can find.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
64	1	Dr Zarinejad is very caring and compassionate.  She is patient and knowledgable. My experience with Dr. Zarinejad has been transforming.  I highly recommend her. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
64	-1	I left her office before staring the session. She was very unprofessional and kept asking for my insurance card. I already told her over the phone that I will be having my reference number. She kept repeating her self and reluctantly asked my to fill out the paper work. I didn't filled out the form and drove back home.  She also doesn't validate the parking ,good luck finding a place to park your car!! 	1	5	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
65	1	Great Acupuncturist!!! My favorite!! He is very punctual, fast with needle insertion, knows the material well and can explain it if you want to know.  The rooms are serene and clean.  I love going to see Amir and always feel better when I'm leaving. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	A+++  Highly recommend. Most helpful with pain &amp; other ailments. Over the past 7 years, my husband &amp; I have sent family members &amp; neighbors to him for relief of pain caused by car accidents, pulled muscles, sciatica, spinal surgery, muscle spasms, broken arm, etc.  Respectful and professional staff.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
66	0	Although this doctor had a kind disposition, I did not feel like she took my concerns seriously. I felt a bit written off because of my age (30 at the time), even though two years later I continue to experience the same problems. I do not plan to return to this doctor for help/advice.  	3	2	3	3 	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
67	1	Dr. Zaki is a great doctor. I highly recommend him. I saw him for my last two pregnancies and I would have seen him for the first two if I could have. He is friendly and knowledgeable. He really listens to you and lets you do things the way that you want. He handled my deliveries just as a midwife would have and really gave me the beautiful experience I hoped for. Thanks Dr. Zaki!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	This was my first  time to see a gynecologist so I  was a bit nervous . But after I met this wonderful and very helpful doctor I was happy I made the right choice to see him first.     I recommend that anyone who has to see a gynecologist to see Dr. Zaki first . 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	Dr. Zaki was great!I was nervous because I didn't have a lot of options w/ Medical but I LOVED him!  I wish I had used him for my first pregnancy.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
67	1	Dr Zaki was very helpful with any questions i had. Being a first time mother that helped me feel more comfortable and he did an excellent job when delivering the baby...  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
68	-1	Dr. Chester Zahn was a doctor, he was just wanted to make money out of his patient, his charge was unreasonable, just looking at the report less than 10 minutes, no prescription was given, and then he charged for US $ 150. I had insurance, but he wasn’t in my network.  If you told him that his fees were charged unreasonably, he would tell you that he had already gave you discount, then he would ask you to pay double from the previous bill. At last, I had already paid them the previous bill, but he even sent to collection, and said that I owed him fees, which I didn’t pay.  I was very regret that I chose him as my doctor, because there were so many other doctors in our health care network.  	1	3	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	-1	This guy paid very little attention to me. Didn't answer my questions or try to address my concerns. Neither he nor his office staff would answer my questions about costs of the visit or the procedure to be done. I didn't see him at all before the procedure. He didn't enter the room until it was time to start. During the procedure he was remarkable quiet even though I was awake. After my procedure, he refused to talk to me even though I requested it several times, making me come in for a return visit. Feels like he is bilking my insurance for as much as possible. The only reason I returned for a follow up was because my wife sweetly asked me to. I will never be back and I will do my best to deter others from going to this guy. I really urge anyone reading this to find another doctor that has better ratings. Since then, I have also been told that he uses a rather outdated and inconvenient method for the preparation that takes several days longer than more modern prep. methods.  	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
68	1	Before I started seeing Dr. Zahn, I had severe stomach aches recurring in the worst of times. I was directed to Dr. Zahn through several recommendations. After a few visits, my recurring pains basically vanished. Great gastroenterologist.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
68	1	one of THE best liver doctors in the area......saved my life....  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	-1	Dr. Zahn saw my mother (with me present throughout) and, although this has now been 6 yrs ago, I just discovered this site and I feel I must weigh in.  My mom had horrid stomach pains, for 6 months by the time we saw him after getting nowhere with mom's regular MD and urologist, having thought it might be kidney stones or ulcers, both of which she'd had.  But she also had Alzheimer's by then, which Dr. Zahn seemed utterly impatient with and would not take my word for it that her pains were terrible just because she couldn't point to them and describe well in her own words.  He sent us away with no diagnosis.  It took another GI specialist a couple of months later to treat her respectfully and seriously and discover she was in 4th stage terminal ovarian cancer.   I had the feeling at the time we had seen Dr. Zahn that his Stanford M.D. degree on his wall was supposed to be enough.  He seemed arrogant, rushed, and dismissive.  	3	2	1	2 	Insurance:Medicare
68	-1	Not sure how knowledgeable he is, but has a terrible bedside manner. Rude, unapproachable and just plain mean. Staff was also rude and very unhelpful.  	1	3	1	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
68	-1	Worst medical service I ever experienced.  I was scheduled for a colonoscopy, was asked to fast on a liquid diet for four days prior to the procedure and found out the day before that the hospital did not accept my insurance.  While the staff assured me that my insurance was accepted.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
68	1	He's the best doctor and made me heal so quick. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	He is very knowledgeable and updated. He is willing to spend time with patients. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
68	-1	Yikes! 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
68	-1	Worst doctor I've ever been to. 		3	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
68	-1	During my visit I felt that I was treated horribly.I would NEVER recommend this doctor to my family and friends.  I felt this visit was a complete waste of time and money.Overall I would rate this visit : AWFUL! 		2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
68	-1	He misdiagnosed my gallstones for 3 years. Kept saying I was either using drugs, pregnant, or something else! I had to be rushed to the ER one day and lost my gallbladder. Always brushes off your complaints as if you're crazy. 		4	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
69	-1	I am changing physician's due to my dislike for Dr. Z. and his staff.  The staff in general on most visits were rude and hurried.  I found this physician to be **** and rude and crude.  He is full of himself and does not listen to his pt.  I would not recommend him to a friend or enemy.  	2	1	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	-1	NOT PROFESSIONAL-SARCASTIC LONG LONG WAIT.ASKING ME QUESTIONS ABOUT OTHER DR'S-LEAVING ME WHILE HE RAN AN ERRAND-TOAL EXPERIENCE LACKS PROFESSIONAL JUDEMENT. 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
70	-1	. this place is the biggest joke in the av ,my wife has a problem and we went there for a year and wasted time and got no where fast went to another doc and it turns out to be a tumor they told her nothing was wrong , that place needs to be shut down,so find another doc asap and this is my opinion !!!!!!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:HealthPartners
71	1	My husband and I have been going to Mani Zarnegar for over 10 years and he is the best dentist I've ever had; and, I've had dentists from Georgia to Illinois and several here in CA.  I'm 65 and my mouth is full of caps, bridges and other work done before him.  He cleans your teeth; not an assistant.  I trust anything he recommends and would recommend him to anyone that's looking for a dentist. Always on time, pleasant, personable, knowledgeable and will not do work that is not needed. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
71	1	Dr. Zarnegar is my new favorite dentist! He explained everything in normal language, did not try to upsell me, and has very relaxing mannerisms! As far as trips to the dentist goes, this one was as good as could be expected. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
71	1	Dr Mani Zarnegar is the best dentist I have ever gone to.  I had tried so many others in Orange County from Newport to Irvine to Aliso Viejo.  I was so fed up with terrible service, bad bedside manners and overselling products and sevices that I really didn't need.   I got a referral to see Dr. Zarnegar from another doctor.  What a blessing this man has been.  I've been seeing him for 10 years and he's been awesome.  Never tries to oversell his services, his staff is friendly. He always let's you know what's going on with your teeth.  He doesn't talk above your head and my children 6 &amp; 11 years old feel very comfortable with him.  A great family dentist for anyone.  We have recommended him to all of our friends and family. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
71	1	Absolutely the best dentist on Earth! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!  He and his staff are very courteous and professional.  His work is flawless; especially his crowns!  I've had 4 crowns done by him and they're so perfect I can't remember which teeth they're on.  Been a patient of his for 10 years and I'm very thankful for it.  I've referred several co-workers and friends to him and all of them were very happy.   Highly recommended!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
71	1	Outstanding service provider! Takes emergency calls and delivers very personalized service. Conservative treatment plans that he discusses with you right up front. HIghly recommend this office experience.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
71	1	. He's been my dentist since 1990, always excellent, cleans you teeth himself-not the hygienist-and you feel GREAT when you leave his office! I've referred many people and they all love him! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
72	1	 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	Affordable prices, nice and clean office. glad to have found dr. Zabolian.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
73	1	Dr. Z is great. He is the most gentle and caring dentist i have had so far.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
74	1	I have been seeing Dr. Zarembinski for almost a year for pain management due to herniated discs.  I was referred to him for pain management by my spinal doctor because I didn't want to have spinal surgery.  Initially, my spinal doctor had scheduled an epidural by one of the physicians in his own office, but the results were not very good.  My herniation is located in L2-3.  In addition, I have stenosis.  The doctor who performed the initial epidural could not reach the area where my doctor wanted it performed because he said it was too dangerous.  So, my doctor referred me to Z.  I have never been kept waiting.  Dr. Z is extremely knowledgeable and capable has always answered all of my questions.  After the epidural performed by Dr. Z, I had immediate relief and it lasted almost 6 months.  I have referred at least 3 friends and relatives to him and they all have found him to be extremely competent.  I think he has a wonderful bedside manner and we are all extremely pleased.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
74	0	After having read the reviews of Dr. Z I decided to give him a try for my chronic pain. He made some comments that were insensitive to me in front of other patients, and I got to experience having someone tell me, welcome to Mr. Block, abrupt to the wonderful staff in the fluroscopy unit @ The Pain Center. It's not okay for patients see out of hand egos being used on staff. His epidural injections work but the rest, if you require further treatments or follow up's this man is not for you.  	5	3	2	4 	Insurance:Aetna
75	1	Dr. Nina Zadeh is an &quot;HONEST&quot; &amp; TALENTED&quot; Dentist.If you are looking for a &quot;honest&quot; dentist with a caring attitude that works miracles, you should make an appointment with Dr. Nina Zadeh. I had a &quot;emergency&quot; tooth problem without insurance and I did not have a regular dentist. I took a chance and went to Dana Point Cosmetic Dentist. Dr. Zadeh immediately saw me and took care of my problem. She understood my limited funds and worked with me to pay for her services. Money was not Dr Zadeh's motivation to treat me, but cared about treating my tooth problem and my welfare.Dr Zadeh and Tara, her assistant are kind and professional. I have a GREAT &quot;fear of dentists&quot;and Dr. Zadeh was understanding and calmed my fears. Dr. Zadeh and Tara explained all the procedures before doing them and continued to ask me if I was doing OK! I was very pleased with the work done on my teeth. The office is modern with the newest technologies. I would highly recommend Dr. Zadeh to my friends &amp; family.? 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
76	-1	Horrible doctor-patient experience thoughout the whole process. This doctor is consistently over an hour late seeing his patients, takes days to return urgent phone calls and is sometimes rude during appointment times. I would not recommend this doctor to anyone.  		1	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
77	1	Dr. Zanini is extremely thorough, knowledgeable, caring, and compassionate. I highly recommend him. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
77	1	 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
78	-1	STAY AWAY.  look at his yelp reviews and you will see why.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
78	1	thoughtful, persistent, intuitive, all the things you might look for in a psychiatrist.  	2	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
79	1	Dr. Zagone went over all my options for treatment of kidney stones.  Although he sometimes used terminology I didn't understand, his nurse was able to clarify all my follow up questions.  Would recommend him for any urological issue.  	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:Anthem
79	1	Quick, efficient, and honest opinion given during my office visit. I would recommend him to my family and friends.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
79	-1	Dr. Zagone has twice been very dismissive of my complaints regarding my recurrent kidney stones.  He has never asked me how I was feeling and recently disagreed with my primary care MD, a nurse practitioner and radiologist about the presence of renal stones.  He was very condescending and highly uncompassionate.  I would not recommend him but unfortunately have to see him unless I want to leave the area.  	3	4	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
80	-1	Dr Zamora delivered both my children and was my family care specialist for about 10 years.  She had a great office with a professional staff and was a dream Doctor. Fast forward the last five years, I had to rush my kids to urgent care after sitting in her office for two hours while rude KIDS ran the front desk. She insulted my pre-teen daughter, who asked Mom, please find me a new doctor.  She does have her favorites, per the mixed reviews, just very dissapointed and would not recommend her office.  	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
80	-1	Terrible counter service. Dr. Zamora treated me poorly, she does not listen, she needs to take bedside manner 101 over again. She is in the wrong profession ahe does not make you feel comforted as a Dr. should. We left her for a much better Dr. I actually sometimes felt worse after leaving her office 	1	1	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
80	-1	I should have done some research before selecting this doctor. It is very disappointing to make and appointment and have to sit there over an hour to see this doctor.  I have to agree, it appears this doctor overbooks. Wait over an hour to spend 5 minutes with the doctor. Very disappointing, very unprofessional, very unreliable, very discouraging. I do not understand how there are two extremes on Zamora's rating.  Those that are extremely satisfied and those that are extremely unsatisfied.  Clearly, the staff has come across this website and posted bogus ratings and I am not surprised. This is expected of such lousy employees that do not have the courage to accept their mistakes. I will seek treatment somewhere else. 	1	1	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	I will start of by stating that I totally disagree with all of the bad reviews she has received. Dr. Zamora has been my personal doctor for 18yrs and she is great. Yes you do have to wait but obviously its because she has patients that she cares for and wants to treat properly.She answers all my questions and concerns and does follow up calls.She always does her best at solving whatever isssues come up and is fast at doing so.She does not waist your time and goes straight to the source. And her staff is profesional they are not there to amuze you or entertain you htey are there to do there work as fast and efficient as possible.So over all I love Dr. Zamora and recommend her to all of my friends and family.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
80	0	WOW.....unbelievable.  I made an appointment to see this doctor and I still had to wait over an hour.  The male receptionist is not an easy person to talk to. It seems like he is in a rush to collect your office visit fee so he can continue his gossip with his co-workers.  Dr. Zamora needs to improve on delivering adequate service to her patients or she needs to retire.  I have had many problems with this doctor.  There is never a follow-up on lab results, she will never return phone calls, she is not punctual, and personally i think she overbooks to collect more from the insurance companies. I have switch doctors and hope to not ever come across her ever again.  Good luck Dr. Zamora, and do your patients a favor, get rid of the male receptionist or give him proper training to deal with patients. 	1	1	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	i nown dr.Zamora for many years . she spends time with her patients. I no because i wait too, n i no why! she answers my questions n she is very nice with my son n my mom. She cares for my moms health and my families health too.  About the staff i dont have any problems,  one day my son got very sick n i paid my co- pay, after seeing my son she told the staff to return my money back, until now am very happy with my doctor,2010 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
80	1	Very ture she use to be a caring doctor.  I was 20 when I started seeing her and through out the years she seems to have gotten bitter and mean.  Now at 32 I'm ready to move on and find another doctor.  Not to mention you make an appointment and still have to wait like 2 hours to see her, with that attitude who wants to wait there that long...  	3	1	4	4 	Insurance:CIGNA
80	-1	i was very happy with Dr. Maldonado at White Memorial Medical center, but i wanted to move to a doctor that belongs to Beverly Hospital, so i chose Dr. Zamora, BIG mistake.  She didn't answer my question, the minute i walked out of her office i called my insurance company to change me to another doctor. Yes her staff is the work i've dealt with.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
80	1	I would like to start of by stating that I totally disagree with some of the comments posted. I've been with Dr. Zamora since I could remember and she's a great doctor.  She always takes her time to answer and explain every single question or concern I have she's always around when I need her and knows what she's doing. When I go to her office the staff is always on top of stuff and dedicated to what there doing.  So bottom line is she's a great Doctor and I always recommend her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
80	-1	I have been going to Zamora's office for 2 months. And if I would have seen this site sooner I would have never gone to her.  She is the worst doctor I have ever been to.  I first went saying I had a throat infection for 1 week and she totally ignored me.  I went another time.  She didnt even give me anything for my throat.  I had a thoat infection for a month and finally prescribed me something for it the third time after bugging her constantly. She is also very rude and sarcastic.  I'm in the process of changing doctors right now.   I feel for her other patients 	1	3	1	2 	Insurance:Tricare
80	-1	I have been going to Dr. Zamora for over eight years.  I have had the unfortunate task of watching her practice decline.  Back when I first started seeing Dr. Zamora we had a great Dr./Patient relationship, now it seems like she is more interested in hair removal and weight loss issues then in medical issues.  Finally after suffering through at least three years of declined service my Husband and I made the choice to change Dr.'s.  I wish Dr. Zamora all the best, but my husband and I will not be using her ever again.  I also have to agree with one of the below comments, RICK is a horrible front office person.  Every time I call or go into the office and have to deal with him it is unpleasent.  He is rude, mean, uncaring and certainly not some one I would ever care to see again.  	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Anthem
80	-1	This doctor should not be allowed to practice medicine. I made an apt. and still had to wait 2 hours before I was her. The staff is rude and I am not sure if they deliver the messages when I called. Zamora definitely never returns phone calls. I called for 1 entire month leaving messages everyday and she never called back. Her nurse final called me but was unable to answer my questions. I now understand why they people do not agree with having HMO....it is just a business. Definitely stop seeing this doctor and go elsewhere to seek treatment. Very unprofessional. Also, I agree with the last comment, it does look like she has been out partying all night...she looks completely sh*t faced. They need to restructure her office starting with that dumb *ss receptionist rick, so rude and unprofessional.  	1	1	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
80	-1	Waited 2 and a half hours to see this ditsy woman.  She is immature and lacks confidence. My mother-in-law was diagnosed with CANCER and this quack says, &quot;snip, snip&quot;, &quot;and the cancer would be gone&quot;. As a Registered Nurse, I feel that this &quot;so called doctor&quot; lacks intelligence.  Not to mention, she has poor communication skills and lacks knowledge in her profession. I am eager to get my mother-in-law to a &quot;real&quot; doctor who knows his/her business.  The staff behave like they're from an after school program teaching kids how to answer phones.  No organization in the office.  Lab results were misplaced. Dr. Zamora had no idea what my mother-in-law had done while in the hospital the week before. She was fumbling with loose paperwork. And she looked wore out as though she had partied the night before and forgot to wash up before coming to work. The most horrible experience that this family had. Would have been better off going to the County General Hospital.  	2	1	2	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
81	1	Doc has a good sense of humor. Assistant friendly and efficient. Secretary unorganized but polite. Did not have to wait long- always a plus.  He treated my embarrassing wart on my foot and it's gone.  	5	4	4	4 	Insurance:Pacificare
81	1	I am Dr. Michael Zapf. I have been in practice for more than 20 years and you can learn more about my from my web site  www.zfootdoc.com. When explaining a diagnosis or treatment plan I use diagrams, foot models, pictures and plain English. Near as I can tell I have never “talked” anyone into any treatment. My goal is to explain the options available and help patients come to the answer that is best for them. One comment here is from the mom of a young lady who had a complication. I am sorry that she had a complication. Complications do not mean a mistake was made and, in her case, expert reviewers said none were. Complications are inherent in any medical procedure which is why I am most conservative and never advocate anything unnecessary ever be done. If you give me the honor of seeing you, I pledge to give you the same careful, attentive, gentle and expert care that earned the vote as Best Podiatrist in three separate Daily News Reader’s Polls on podiatric medicine. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
81	-1	My daughter went in for a little cyst on her toe, Dr. Zapf ended up cutting her tendon, she got staff infection and has had to get 7 surgeries since she still can not feel or move her toe.She was a day away from losing her toe, Dr. Zapf is not taking any responsibilities and our Dr. bills are up to 80,000. He is neglogiant and should not be practicing.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
81	0	no bedside manner at all.  very abrupt does not explain things in &quot;plain&quot; English 	2	2	2	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
81	1	I have been going to Dr. Zapf for over 10 years and have always loved him. His staff is great and he is a very good doctor. He makes you feel valued as a patient and doesn't seem in a rush while meeting with you.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
81	-1	Dr. Zapf talked me into a bunionectomy that I didn't really need as I didn't have pain prior to surgery. 18 months later I still cannot walk without pain.  After surgery I kept complaining of severe pain and it took him 5 months to send me to physical therapy.  When I asked him what was wrong with my foot, he named about 10 different things which suggested he didn't know what was wrong.  I got two cortisone shots which only made the pain worse.  At 8 months post-surgery he sent me to another physical therapist which did help some.  At my 11 month visit, still in pain, he walked into the exam room and just said, without even touching my foot, that I needed another surgery.  Didn't say why or what the problem was.  When I started crying, he suggested I take anti-depressants & talk to a therapist. I said I couldn't afford more sugery, he said he'd see if the facility would take insurance only payment and he'd get back to me which he never did.  	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
82	1	Awesome physician! Takes time to listen to his patients and make referrals if it's outside his scope. Making an urgent appt is difficult because of his popularity.  	 3/11/12	3	4	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
82	1	I love this doctor. He has been my doc since 10 years ago. He has seen me through my health issues galore. He is not an egomanic, cares for his patient and is quick to refer out if it is beyond his expertise. A very friendly, kind doctor. I recommend. He has recently moved quite a bit further, but I think he is worth the trip as long as I am able to drive there I will keep him as my PCP.  	4	5	5	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
82	1	THIS GUY IS GOOD . HE WANTS TO TAKE CARE OF YOU. HE IS LOOKING TO HELP. HE DOESNT LIKE TO PERSCRIBE MEDICATION, HE WANTS TO FIX YOUR PROBLEM, NOT MASK IT WITH MEDS.I HURT MY BACK AND HE SENT ME TO A SPECIALIST RIGHT AWAY, NO HESITATION.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Pacificare
82	1	I like this Doctor.  He's a knowledgeable  professional that takes all the time necessary to address your medical concerns. I recommend him to others.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
82	1	Cool guy, very helpful but a bit rushed. Very good about taking the correct amount of time to make his diagnosis(sp&#63;). 		5	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
83	-1	I almost died under this Dr,s care when his practice was in Hayward.  	5	4	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
84	-1	I went in for Rosacea.  Dr. Zachary recommended IPL.  I arrived a half an hour early (numbing creat) and wasn't seen for an hour past my appointment causing me to wait 1 1/2 hours.  Dr. Zachary appeared in a rush and only spent about 10 minutes with IPL. Charged me for a full face, yet didn't get the sides of my face or middle/lower ends of the side of my face.  He seemed rushed and definately doesn't pay attention to detail.  I knew at that point, he wasn't the doctor for me.  Months later I had three different assessments and they all recommended V Beam due to my severe redness.  All of these other providers didn't understand why Dr. Zachary performed IPL based on my condition.  At that point I realized Dr. Zachary was trying to squeeze every dollor out of me before going to V Beam.  Most providers charge 400, but Zachary charges 750...not worth his title to pay twice as much.  Bottom line, Zachary over books patients and doesn't pay attention to detail. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
84	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	Dr. Zand is wonderful. I've had my braces for only 6 months and I already notice a huge difference in my smile. The staff is really sweet and helpful with all my questions. Dr. Zand seems very knowledgable. If I go in the afternoon there is a little bit of a wait, but morning appointments are usually quick. I'm very happy at this office. 	 3/20/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
85	-1	SHE IS HORRIBLE.   She has no idea what she's Doing all she does is visit the next patient saying  same thing her assistance do more than she does and they aren't even any good I have had a horrible experience with her and I regret ever going there even though is really wasnt my choice.  I know a lot of people who go to her and would agree with me. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
85	0	Very disappointed in my teeth .. My teeth are all chipped and very weak now.. My roots are very low according to her because I'm a a Latino .which I found offended but u know Persians they think thy know it all.. And u also have to pay 600 for xrays which honestly is a waste of money and te retainers 	4	1	3	2 	Insurance:Unknown
85	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	I'm really happy with my results and how my bite/teeth have changed. Dr. Zand and her nurses did a good job with changing my confidence of my smile and how my teeth look. Their methods worked perfectly in the past 2 years. I'm very excited to go out, feeling like a newer, different person. I have also learned to take better care of my teeth ever since I got braces, It's all thanks to Dr. Zand and her nurses. 	 7/7/11	5	3	5	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	Dr Zand is providing orthodontics treatment for my 3 children. She is a mircale smile maker.My children love her and look forward to visit her office. He prices are reasonable within the family budget. My kid's confidence have improved substantially after thier visits to Dr. Zand's office where they get professional treatment and love. They look forward to visit Dr. Zand. 	 7/2/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
85	-1	very unhappy with this office too many people at the same time long time waiting 2 hours or more 	3	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
85	-1	My son just had removed his braces after 2 years and his teeth are crooked and he has overbite. i am very desapointed and angry. 	3	3	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
85	-1	 	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
85	-1	 	4	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	Dr. Zand is the best orthodotist in LA. Her office is packed. Present and former patients all bring their friends, relatives, and acquaintances to Dr. Zand. Why&#63; Because she is the best and most honest orthodontist in town. She is a miracle maker. Where other orthodotist fail  Dr. Zand shines like a super star and she fixes the problems that other orthodontist could not do. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	Dr. Zand is an amazing orthodontist. I'm kinda shocked by the other reviews, because after having braces for 2 years without my teeth moving at all with another orthodontist, I switched over to Dr. Zand. I started to see results immediately, and I couldn't be happier. She's packed with patients because the quality of her work speaks for itself. I think she's the BEST orthodontist in LA. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
85	-1	She is THE WORST doctor in LA, i went to her as an 8th grader and she assured me that she was going to fix my overbite and make my teeth straight.  First off 8 or 9 months into my treatment i noticed my teeth moving inside my mouth and when i told her of my concern multiple times she repeated the same thing that she knows what she's doing. 2 years have passed and now im am extremely dissatisfied with my results. I then visited another orthadontist and he told me that because of her damage and not telling me i now am in need for jaw surgery.  I spent thousands of dollars, had pain, and committed two years of my time, only to find out from another orthadontist that she ruind the shape of my mouth. I will now spend the next six months recreating an overbite that i spent two years working on to be eligable for a jaw surgery and then wear braces AGAIN to fix my overbite for the second time.  All she knows how to do is straighten teeth, she has no knowledge past that.  don not go to zand. 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
85	-1	She is the worst. I should have long gotten my braces removed but i still have gaps. Mainly because she doesn't spend the time with patients and quickly just checks the braces for every visit. I have to tell her that something is wrong instead of her, being the orthodontist, figuring it out. Like I said, I could not be more disappointed. She believes in quantity over quality and has too many patients and is not able to do her work right. Her staff are all ill-mannered and lazy. For a 10 minute visit you will have to wait at least an hour and a half. Do yourself a favor and DO NOT GO TO HER! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	She is a great Doctor and she is super smart..alot of hot chicks work at the office too =) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	The staff is great, but the doctor is average sort of ignores questions. She quickly checks and goes away yes I understand that she has lots of customers or patients but tell me what the next step is I come home and i see something new on my teeth so tell me what your going to do before you do it. 	5	3	3	5 	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	I love Dr. Zaid. She's accessible, she spends time with you, she explains things and it feels like she genuinely cares. I recommend her highly.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
86	0	I have had this doctor for many years . I was appaled to have to be subjected to a ongoing botox commercial during my last annual check up. This doctor needs to get back to medicine and away from cosmetics. This has absolutely no place in a OBGYN's exam room.  	4	4	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
86	1	I am so happy I was able to get into see Dr. Zaid.  A family friend who is a physician highly recommended her and I can see why.  She understands the art behind the science when treating menopause with bio-identical hormones.  Dr.  Zaid was able to custom tailor a replacement hormone plan for me that actually worked!  I was able to say goodbye to uncomfortable hot flashes, weight gain, and dryness! 	 5/2/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
86	1	I’ve seen a number of OB/GYNs having lived across the country, and Dr. Zaid is without a doubt one of the best out there.  She is very intelligent and also extremely kind.  She really listens and has a high level of knowledge concerning women’s health issues.  I would not hesitate to recommend my friends and family to her.  	 2/18/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
86	-1	.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
86	-1	Although Dr Zaid is sweet and kind she is not a top grade Doctor. After the mistake she made with my surgery I have talked to many other people that have had similar mishaps happen to them. After she found out she made a mistake she didn't even have the respect for me to call me into her office and tell me in person she told me over the phone, I think she was more worried about the negative effect this would have on her practice than how she had altered my life with a surgery that I didn't need. I have been to many meetings with Doctors and different professionals in the women health arena, when I tell my story of what happened to me and what I have had to deal with after the fact, they ask who the Doctor was, when I say Dr Zaid not one of those professionals were surprised. Please, please if she wants to perform surgery or any other procedure get a second opinion and do your research before going to her, there are a lot of people that are not happy with the mistakes she has made.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
86	1	Dr Zaid is such a wonderful doctor.  I love that she spends as much time with me as needed.  I also appreciate her knowledge of alternative medicine.  She has made several recommendations that have proven to be very successful for me.  I have recommended her to many friends and they are all very thankful to have her as their doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
86	1	Dr. Zaid restored my confidence in Western medicine. I spent decades going from one MD to another, basically due to the lack of service, such as 3 minute appointments, and a lack of caring in me as a patient.  Then I met Dr. Zaid. She knows how to LISTEN, and considers all potential facets of healing available to me for whatever ailment I have.  She does this all without the typical air of condescension I got from all previous MDs. She is at the top of her game with the most up to date information in her field.  She is available by phone both day and night whenever a serious medical condition needs addressing.  She goes above and beyond the duties as a physician.  She is my doctor for life.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
86	1	I had heard so many good things about Dr.Zaid and her associates and decided to make an appointment for some serious menopausal symptoms I was having. She gave me choices in traditional as well as alternative medicine...a real plus for me and many of my friends. I was so impressed with her bedside manner,her expertise and effective treatment, that I would not want to change to another OBGYN. I have referred her to many of my friends. I can see why she is in such demand! Dr. Zaid is highly respected at Scripps, La Jolla and Scripps Encinitas. THANK YOU, DR.  ZAID! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
86	1	Dr. Zaid is an amazing doctor. Extremely competent, professional and experienced. Consistently takes the time to understand symptoms and concerns. Builds great rapport and takes a personal interest in her patients. Dr. Zaid has been my doctor for more than 13 years, she delivered my baby and I could not have been more satisfied with my entire experience. She went above and beyond to ensure a smooth delivery and a healthy baby. She always asks the right questions and seeks to understand her patients. Provides excellent diagnoses and solutions. I am thrilled with her attention to detail and outstanding level of service. She provides the same level of excellent care whether it's for a routine exam or a procedure. Cannot find another doctor like her-she is excellent-a true expert in her field.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
86	1	I love her!! I found her over 12 yrs ago when I was looking for Natural Hormone Replacement.  A couple years later in a routine check-up, she found some cysts. Within a short time I was in surgery with a diagnoses of stage IIIC Ovarian Cancer.  I truly believe Dr. Zaid saved my life.  If she had not been so thorough and quick to respond, I may not be here today. Thank you Dr.  Zaid! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
86	1	Dr. Zaid provided support to me and my primary physician during my hospitalization for a surgery.  Dr. Zaid made an important suggestion for prescription of a support that was helpful to my mobility during my extended recovery.   Her support and attention during my hospitalization and treatment represent to me the best side of a physicians code of behaviors. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
86	0	She was an adequate doctor until she did not diagnose a problem for which I had been having symptoms for a long time. When I decided to see another doctor, he diagnosed it immediately and I had to have surgery. 	3	3	3	2 	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	A very caring and competent doctor.  Does a very thorough exam. 	5	4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	. Excellent 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
88	1	Brilliant physician! Personable, knowledgeable, compassionate ...  simply the best! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
88	1	. Psends time with you even though there is a wait to see him 		3	3	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
89	1	She is a very knowledgeable, intelligent doctor with a great understanding of many conditions.  She is patient and helpful in many ways.  	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:Anthem
89	-1	Horrible Dr. Horrible group. All Indian Dr's. Sat at her desk the whole time taking notes and looked at me once. At one point I stopped talking and waited almost a minute before she looked up and me to continue. She wanted to put me on some unneccesary medication when the one I was currently taking was working just fine. I never went back and never ever would. 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
90	1	good looking, professional, polite, knowledgeable 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	Very caring and competent surgeon.  Has great bedside manners and a great staff too.   Highly recommend him! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
92	1	Excellent listener and understands my medical history and what steps I should take to improve my health. He doesn't force any thing to sell. He included my entire family and told me that it should be a team effort, so I included my wife and my teenage twins. I finally feel like I have been served and it was worth every dollar. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
93	-1	 	5	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
93	1	Excellent surgeon. Took great care of me. Would recommend him to anyone that needed surgery.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
93	1	had my gallbladder surgery performed by Dr. Zadeh. He actually spent the time to answer all of my questions and explain the surgery in detail making me feel comfortable. My scars are very small and barely noticeable. The office staff was very helpful, and I did not have to wait an hour in the waiting room to see him for my follow up appointment.  Would absolutely recommend to anyone! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
94	1	Dr. Zackrich was also my Dr. from the age of 5 till he moved north. He delivered my bros and is truly a family doctor. I remember being scared of my 1st pap test cause he might tell my parents! lol I'm 27 now and expecting and I was looking for him in hopes he had returned to Santa Monica.  I see Santa Maria still has him, how far is this place&#63; I want to cry just writing this message I miss him so much! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
94	1	Our family saw Dr. Zachrich before he moved up north.  When he told us he was moving, I wanted to cry.  He was so caring and always took the time to discuss any issues we had.  Whoever has him as a doctor now is very lucky. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
95	1	Last year Dr. Zandi performed a corrective procedure that I am more than delighted with. He was very knowledgeable, accommodating, took his time to address my questions and fears and best of all honest. After the consultation, I felt confident he would do a great job. He lived up to his word when I went back this year to revise a scar that he said I would have to wait a year after recovery to correct. If I liked my results before, I love my results now! Rest assured, he guarantees his work and will correct problems should any arise. I highly recommend him. He also has a much better front office staff this year than last.  Additionally, one of his nurses, I believe her name starts with a J, is very caring  and helpful. 	 3/6/12	4	4	4	Insurance:Unknown
95	-1	 	3	3	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
95	1	I had Rhinoplasty surgery (Nose surgery) performed recently by Doctor Zandi. I am really really happy with my results. He is so kind, helpful, talented, and courteous. I haven't had any stress when I was going for surgery. I was sure that he would do the best. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
95	1	AMAZING DOCTOR...WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND HIM FOR RHINOPLASTY. HE KNOWS WHAT HE IS DOING AND IS NOT COCKY LIKE OTHER SURGEONS IN THE AREA. WELL WORTH YOUR MONEY...GO TO HIM!!! YOU WILL BE SO GLAD YOU DID! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
95	1	Dr. Zandi just did a breast augmentation on me a week ago. He was very knowledgable, kind, and helpful. I found this website and read the reviews just 4 days prior to my surgery and was sure I was going to cancel. I brought the reviews to him and his office manager 2 days prior to surgery. He assured me not only would he do the very best he possibly could for me, he also assured me if there should happen to be a problem after surgery he would make sure to correct it, and always does. I went forward with the surgery I AM VERY HAPPY. He has been wonderful post op. I would do it again in a heart beat. I have 4 daughters, the youngest being 18 mo. I was pretty set on not going to big but to just repair the damage done from breast feeding. He listened and completely met my needs. My ONLY regret is that I didn't go a few CCs bigger as he recommended. I truly would choose him again in a heart beat...thankyou Dr. Zandi 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
95	1	I had a modified browlift performed last year and I am extremely HAPPY! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
95	1	I am appalled at these reviews given to Dr. Zandi! I had a rhinoplasty done a year ago and I am SO HAPPY with the way it turned out. i've seen so many botched nose jobs, scar tissue, abnormalities from cocky surgeons who claim to be the best and charge an arm and a leg.Dr zandi is practical. during the consultation I was surprised he did not do a web-image alteration of my nose. he told me that it is easy to create something through a computer program, but it gives  false expectations. you cannot determine factors like the way we heal and what happens post-op. honestly it makes a lot of sense and his honesty was profound. when it comes to rhinoplasty, he is one of the best. i could see how his manner may come off as arrogant at first but he is far from it! he was kind, comforting,answered my questions patiently and honestly, and he even personally called me post op in the evening after my surgery to check up on me! I highly recommend him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
95	1	I had breast augmentation performed recently by Doctor Zandi, and I am extremely pleased with my results! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
95	-1	Dr Zandi botched a Breast Augmentation.  I should have realized when the Dr showed up late for the procedure and NEVER measured me or examined me prior to surgery, I am left with one breast larger and higher that the other.  I followed up with him and voiced my displeasure and he literally blamed me for not informing him I had one breast a little higher than the other.  I had a infection that occured due to the fact he taped my breast highter, as to somehow think that it would heal as to meet the height of the other breast.  Well I developed an infection he did not want to assume reponsibility for.  His manner is short and curt. I had many questions and he made me feel as though I was wasting his time.  PLEASE DO NOT GO TO THIS DOCTOR FOR ANY PROCEDURES..  I am still dealing the the scars that will NEVER be the same.. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
95	-1	He is extremely hunger for money.  He has no care for patients safety and health.  His skills are terrible and his knowledge is so poor.  His greediness, poor knowledge and terrible skill could kill a patient or ruin his life forever. 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
95	-1	This doctor claims 30 years of experience, but in reality quantity cannot outweight quality. I now have to wake up and look in the mirror at this face. Despite the support and comforting of my family and friends I can never forgive myself to go under the knife of this surgeon. It's not that he is not trained doctor, he proves it with with the diplomas on the walls, but he claims to have a specialty in which he does not at all.  The erroneous comments he would give you is &quot;it takes time.&quot; After consults with Stanford plastic surgeons and UCSF facial surgery center, it proved that his approach and practice is incompetent and below standard of care. I am now fighting to have my face restore at a cost of 25 thousand dollars, five times as much as I paid him. Before you seek plastic surgery, please do a careful research. Check his background and question them until you are sure. Good luck 	5	1	3	1 	Insurance:Unknown
96	1	great job. A pain free experience, great person, great sence of humor, 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
97	1	good physician 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
98	-1	Dr. Zadegan implanted coronary stints in Ms. Tighe, and she bled to death in the Critical Care Unit while attended by many physicians.  See Santa Barbara Court case 1341208:    On October 8, 2008, defendant Zadegan took her to the catheterization lab at SBCH for placement of a stent in a coronary artery. The following morning she nearly fainted and had low blood pressure. An angiogram reflected bleeding. Dr. Art Lee found two sources of bleeding, one of which Dr. Robert Wright determined was caused by the arterial puncture at the time of the catheterization, while the cause of the other bleeding source was unclear. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
98	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
