dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
11	1	 I was referred to Dr.John Qian by my surgeon after my third major back surgery.My injuries are severe,and I was in so much pain that I spent my day's in bed.I had no quality of life and was constantly thinking about suicide.Other Doctor's were apathetic,and content to let me suffer in an undermedicated state.Doctor Qian took my suffering seriously.He is willing to do whatever it takes to get my intractable pain under control.I have been a patient of his for 12 years now,and I thank providence for sending this man into my life.His compassion and empathy for suffering people is truely exceptional.Some other Doctor's feel that they can treat Medical and Medicare patients poorly if they want to,but not Dr.Qian.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
11	1	 After several experiences with apathetic doctors who let me suffer in agony,I was lucky enough to find Doctor Qian.(pronounced chain)His genuine humility and caring attitude are truely admirable.I have been treated by Dr. Qian for 11 YRS and have been able to get my severe suffering under control.A true godsend.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
14	1	commentsWe have been going to her for almost 15years. She is great. Always takes her time to listen and provide solutions.  Jean is wonderful too.  Whenever I call for something, she or Dr.Qadir calls back in a timely manner. I would highly recommend her. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	 Dr Qadir has been our family Dr for abut 7 years now. She is really great to talk to and never hesitates to get you the tests or specialists you need when something unusual crops up or just for your own peace of mind. She called me early one morning with test results when she knew I was stressing over it (normal, thank goodness). For routine care she can handle  everything herself, in her office, without having to go anywhere else. I've appreciated this when dealing with annoying, but harmless, skin issues that I have. I've also seen a couple of the other Dr's in this practice and have been happy with them all. They have a Saturday morning walk in clinic that I've taken advantage of a couple times.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
14	1	 A friend recommended Dr. Qadir to me after I moved to the East Bay. She is a wonderful, caring, professional physician who really listens to her patients and is really tuned in to their needs. I love going to her! Additionally, Jean (staff) is caring and punctual about getting back to me in a timely fashion. The service I receive from Dr, Qadir and her staff is first rate.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
14	1	commentsI was recommended to Dr. Qadir by a friend in 2003.  I transfered my records from Kaiser to her office.  In one visit she &quot;listened&quot; was caring,proficient in care.  She did what all the numerous doctors at Kaiser didnt she showed compassion.  In this 1st visit with her she changed my medications and a whole new wonderful world came to light.  Since 2003 I return to her and trust her word and suggestions for care.  Although, I have moved to the South Bay and it means a long drive to see her I do so happily. Additionally her assistant Jean is a wonderful as well.  She is very good about following up with me in a very timely manner.  I also appreciate the fact that Dr. Qadir doesnt book numerous patients for the same time slot hence because of this I am not waiting long to see her. She is a valued Medical Professional! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	 Dr. Qadir has been our family doctor for many years. She has been great dealing with my husbands complicated health issues as well as routine care for me and my kids, who are now both young adults. She is patient, kind, and always has helpful alternative suggestions to avoid unnecessary medications.  Highly recommend! 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
14	1	.  Very good Doctor, Very concerned and really quite pretty,  I think she's great! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	-1	 The WORST excuse for a doctor I have ever encountered. No follow up, Dr.Qazi was to submit a request for an MRI. No referral for the  MRI my 82 yr old mother was ever submitted. Was put on hold twice by his staff, waited 20 minutes each time, no one ever came back to the phone. Waited one hour and ten minutes to see Dr. Qazi. He spent 5 minutes on his lap top, never bothered to make EYE CONTACT WITH MY 82yr old MOTHER. She left feeling like Dr.Qazi dismissed her because of her age.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Secure Horizons
29	-1	 I should have read the reviews before going to the Dr.  A know it all that doesn't take actual time with a a patient, no concern or return calls when patient has reaction to his procedure.  Insurance Rip-Off 	2	4	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	-1	 This doctor must have gotten his degree from a cracker jack box! How he is in business is beyond understanding!!!He pays no attention during appts and stays either on his lap top the whole time or on the phone RUDE and makes you wait til the point where you just want to leave! He still gets paid from the insurance though.  He should be treating dogs! On second thought he's not worthy of even treating my DOG!!! 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Medicare
29	1	 I have been with Dr. Qazi since he took the practice over from Dr. Rice. I think Dr. Qazi is a good man who does care about his patients but sometimes he seems overwhelmed. I understand this and just make sure I am knowledgable when I try to discuss things with him. Sometimes I have to bring him back to the subject, but people need to understand he does his best. . .I really and truly believe this. I have utilized Loma Linda's Ped. Neurology and have gotten the same results as with Qazi but had to wait D*mned near YEARS to get in to see the Dr.'s there and God forbid you have an emergency. So. . . . Dr. Qazi is it for us. P.S. His office staff is horrible though, since Faaliyah left.  	2	5	5	4	Insurance:Anthem
29	1	 I think that doctor Qazi is a very helpful doctor  he staff is excellent  everything is running smoothly now since they got there new system. I would highly recommend him to others that may have any neurological problems. he took his time with me  and his staff would explain everything very thoughly  if I didnt under stand anything.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Pacificare
29	-1	 I am currently in the process of switching Neurologists for my younger sister simply because of Dr. Qazi's ineptitude. His staff lacks common courtesy and they have terrible follow up with their patients. Dr. Qazi doesn't care about his patients and has been impossible to get a hold of. No one ever answers his phones or is in the office. His hours are &quot;advertised&quot; as 9-4 but he's never there, or he closes early. It's a real inconvinience when a medication says to contact your doctor immediately if problems arise, well the thing with Dr. Qazi is that he's never around. Prime example of his shortcomings: his staff leaves a voicemail to LOWER the dosage of medicine to 50 mg in the morning and 50 mg(because of its side effects), yet when we call for a refill they tell the Pharmacy and give instructions to raise it to 200 mg. The office staff blames us for this misunderstanding when we have a voicemail. Truly a sign of an unproffessional office.  I look forward to another Neuro in the future 	2	3	1	3	Insurance:Aetna
29	-1	 After several visits to his office, Dr. Qazi was consistantly unprepared and unorganized. Most of all, he really did not seem to care. He is very soft spoken and gives the initial illusion of caring but you are just cattle to him and his staff. You will notice right away the staff is reflective of the poor leadership of Dr. Qazi.  	1	1	2	2	Insurance:Aetna
29	0	 I like Dr. Qazi... But you have to have your questions ready!  YOU need to do the research and have questions about whatever you're seeing him about. The info will NOT just &quot;flow&quot; from Dr...... HIS STAFF IS AWFUL!!!!!!  I am switching Dr's because of it.  They are anything but helpful... They DO NOT return phone calls!  G-d forbid you need a refill for a drug that uses DEA script.  You'd better call WEEKS before it's time for the refill. Because they're not going to get it done for you without you riding them! OH! And when it's ready... Don't expect a phone call.  Won't happen.   They are AWFUL!!!  And totally useless!!!! 	1	2	3	3	Insurance:Aetna
29	1	 Dr. Qazi is a very helpful doctor.  He spent an ample amount of time with me inregards to my son and his progress in school since he began to take medication for ADHD.  Dr. Qazi was very assertive and informative when I had questions in regard to my son.  Dr. Qazi has great bed side manner and appears to care for all of his patients.  The office staff at Dr. Qazi's office were all very helpful, they went above and beyond when my PCP messed up my son's authorization to see Dr. Qazi.  i would highly recommend Dr. Qazi to anyone looking for a Nuerologist.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
29	-1	 I do not recommend Dr Qazi to any person looking for neurologic care.  Since Dr Qazi has limited his practice hours due to his work at San Antonio his Practice has suffered greatly. The office is always packed with patients because he is only open three days a week now and the wait for an appointment is up to two months sometimes.  He is limited in his knowledge and if he cannot find the answer to a specific symptom he will ignore it or pass it off as nothing more than imagined.  Please find a better doctor, you will be better off going elsewhere.  	1	2	1	1	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:$90
29	1	.  very nice an helpfull 		5	5	3	Insurance:MedicarePaid/Co-pay:$150005
34	1	 I have never met a more caring or conscientious physician.  Not only did he take the time to answer all my questions, he also explained the anatomy of my thyroid gland to me as he scanned my neck.  He was extremely polite and made me feel completely at ease.  His reassuring manner made me confident that I was in the best possible hands.  I would highly recommend Dr. Qoubaitary as a consummate gentleman and exceptional physician.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	0	 I did not like the way the doctor treated me. It seems like he was way too busy to bother explaining why I was feeling the way I do. When I asked him what else could it be atributed to, he said &quot;I dont know&quot; and he harshly poited that he only deals with the thyroid and can not answer general questions, that I should make an appointment with my primary doctor and find out from her.  So rude! 	3	1	3	3	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
36	1	 I loved this doctor.  Definitely going back, and taking my friends with me! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:TricarePaid/Co-pay:$10
36	-1	commentsIn my opinion; unneccessasry tests ordered, collections letter from billing office with out any prior billing from office. Refills on medication required constant office visits. 	1	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	 Amazing doctor, amazing office. I will be recommending this practice to all my family and friends.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
42	1	commentsI have had nothing but great care by Dr. Q and his staff. He treats me for all my medical concerns and like a human being, not a number. His office is beautiful too. His Medlion practice is helping many people. I saw the negative comments here and it's obvious that patient has other issues. Dr. Q will be missed and I know he'll succeed in his new practice in Las Vegas. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	commentsBoth of the good doctors who brought a wonderful program, MedLion Direct Primary Care to Monterey, CA, is given praises in our house hold. My dear Grandma, who has seen Dr. Samir for about 3 years for care, he saved her life. She has CHF and very hard conditions to monitor, but he did them all in his office, and what he can manage, for only at a cost of $59 a month and $10 each visit. She has Medicare, but even then she was willing to pay extra to see him all because of his excellent care and to  enjoy a friendly environment. Even though Dr. Samir Qamar has left the area, without him monitoring my Grandma the way he did, she wouldn't have her great routine and the knowledge on her medicines and conditions. Thank you Dr. Samir Qamar, you'll be forever in our prayers and for your success. 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
42	-1	commentshe never treated me for any of my issues, always sent me to someone else. He's a very nice guy to talk to but I don't recommend him as a doctor.He charges a monthly fee to belong to his MedLion plan.He ALWAYS has a brand new sportscar ... VERY EXPENSIVE cars.The office staff is comprised of young beautiful women but the only thing they do is greet you and take your money.... so, what else is there to say.Now he has just up and left for Las Vegas and the Dr he left in his place, Dr. Deane Crow. PLEASE check him out BEFORE going to him. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	commentsWhat a great doctor. I only paid $10 for my visit and he diagnosed me with a serious condition. His Access Primary Care practice saved my life. Paid/Co-pay:$10	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	 I have been a patient of Dr. Qaqundah's for at least 9 years. She is fantastic! She is a great listener as well as a great diagnostition. I will never stop being Dr. Qaqundah's patient unless I move or she leaves. I truly cannot recommend her more.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Pacificare
45	1	commentsA wonderful doctor! She takes time to listen and is very thorough. I feel completely comfortable with her. I've been going to her for years until my insurance changed. Luckily another change let me go back to Qaqundah again. Recommended her to a good friend of mine who also loves her. She is the best! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	commentsDr. Qozi-Habash is very nice and caring. She takes the time to explain and she also attentively listens to my concerns. She makes you feel comfortable and she's very respectful and kind. I was referred to her by my co-worker, who had been her patient for the last 8 years, and now I know why. She's the best! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
67	0	 I agree with some of the other comments that she does have a bit of a &quot;god complex&quot; and is quick to discredit any of your own theories to your health problems. She can come across as quite narrow minded. However, she does spend plenty of time with you answering all of your questions and her routine physical exams are very thorough.  	5	5	3	3	Insurance:Anthem
67	-1	 This dr. could careless about you, The worst I have ever been too.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:CIGNA
67	-1	 Does not take the time to fully understand patient problem, tries to force on too many medications that are not needed and unnecessary, and some prescriptions she can not Or won't even fully explain. Seems like she just throws pills at you &amp; out you go.  DO NOT RECOMMEND 	3	2	1	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	-1	 In it for the money, not to help people. Gets offended when you disagree with her and will sabatoge your care in spite for it. HAS A GOD COMPLEX, will trap you into her mercy. I don't think she likes men either. Should practice at Kaiser instead of giving good medical groups like Sutter a bad name.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Medicare
78	1	commentsDr. Q is a perfectionist and wants the best of what YOU want. He takes his time to clearly explain the details of all your concerns and questions.  He doesn't tell you what you want to hear, he tells you the truth. He gently pointed out the reason I was in to see him wasn't because of what I thought, and he took extra time to explain the what's, why's and how's to me.   I had a lot of surgery at one time. He and his WONDERFUL staff called that night (a few times) and in 2 weeks I am looking good, feeling good and my recovery process has been amazing, which goes to show you.. Do what your Doctor says! Pre and Post Op. His staff is really invested in your success. Irene is the best! She tells it like it is and is compassionate of your needs. A friend and I had our surgeries 6 weeks apart and it's clear how they recognize each patients individual needs.  Rachel is awesome and it's like they go through this process 'with'you.  I don't feel like a patient, I am a part of their team. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	commentsNorth County Cosmetic Surgery Center, excellent staff, beautiful and modern facility, Dr. Is excellent with great patient skills. Extremely happy and would recommend to everyone. I believe that consultations are free. I have not had surgery there, but I do know that their surgery center is rated the same as a hospital. I have had Botox and Juvaderm there, and have been extremely happy, as the Doctor does the injecting. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	commentsWhen I received botox &amp; rejuviderm by Dr. Qaqish, he had an excellent approach that was literally painless. Previously, I had the procedure done in Mexico and it was extremely uncomfortable (brought tears to my eyes) and above all, I didn't get the amazing results I received from Dr. Qaqish!! I would also like to compliment his staff for their competence and efficiency. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	commentsFinally! Natural, consistent, lasting results! After years of hitting the Botox &amp; Filler circuit, getting poor, mediocre results; fate smiled on me;  I found North County Cosmetic Surgery, a beautiful state of the art facility. I discovered a treasure trove of face &amp; body rejuvenation choices, surgical and nonsurgical.  My consultation with Dr. Qaqish was very informative, he listened to my concerns, and presented all my options with genuine care, sensitivity &amp; honesty.  He covered the pros &amp; cons, and thoroughly answered my questions, I never felt rushed. His staff are welcoming, and competent.  Thanks to Dr. Q's extraordinary skill with Botox, my forehead 11's disappear for 5-6 months after one treatment! crowsfeet which I believed immune to botox are now diminished, my lips responded beautifully to Dr. Q's artistic Juvederm-wielding hand. Dr. Qaqish is a gifted surgeon who possesses both an artist`s aesthetic vision and specialized medical expertise to bring it all to fruition. Paid/Co-pay:$400	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	commentsDr Qaqish and his staff are all great. They put you at ease and are all very kind I had a lower face and neck lift 4 weeks ago and it is all healing very nicely. Dr Q. called my home a few hours after the surgery to check up on me and to tell me to call him at any time if I had questions or concerns. I can see the difference my surgery has made and I feel and look like a new person.   The facility is beautiful and all the staff are very professional and efficient.  I would recommend Dr Q. and the facility without any reservations. A job well done 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	commentsDr. Qaqish was very knowledgeable and answered all my questions. He was very sensitive to my needs and what I wanted to accomplish. His staff were very kind and professional. 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	commentsDr. Qadeer was very patient in all explanations, took his time with me, and didn't try to sell me anything I didn't need. He seemed very experienced and knowledgeable. And he was really nice and approachable! His staff was also very patient in all financial explanations. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	 Great staff and a great dentist. Had to do some fillings and i must say it was the best experience ever. The doctor was friendly and very funny. Made my experience a breeze. Thanks again Dr.  Qadeer 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:AetnaPaid/Co-pay:$219
96	1	commentsDr. Qazi is a great Doctor but her staff that answers the phone, fills prescriptions and makes appointments is extrememly incompetent. I have had to call in 3 times for them to charge my credit card regarding a bill. In addition, the separate billing department (310) 539-9971 does not answer the phone, but never misses the opportunity to send a notice. 	1	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
96	1	 Dr. (Anjum) Qazi is great, but her office is poorly run. The staff needs some serious training.  	2	2	4	4	Insurance:Aetna
96	0	commentsThe staff is incredibly rude, incompetent.. the worst office staff I have ever dealt with. Dr. Qazi is nice enough, competent, but all in all not impressed with her. She needs to fire her staff immediately!! 	1	3	3	3	Insurance:Unknown
96	1	commentsShe is young and very nice... a great bedside manner.  What she doesn't know, she will research for you.  I have been a patient for a few years now, but unfortunately the service has gone far downhill.  After expanding her practice, she hired a very incompetent staff. It's now very difficult to get a hold of her or even change my contact information. I have made several requests over the past couple of years and none of them have been fulfilled. It's frustrating and I have finally had enough... I am now looking for a new physician solely because of her incompetent staff. 	1	5	4	4	Insurance:Unknown
99	-1	commentsMean and disrespectful to the patient. All he does is send you to see someone else and will not assist you in a personal way. Office staff is OK. 	2	2	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
99	1	commentsVery helpful - and very systematic. Office staff is very friendly! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
99	1	commentsoffice staff never follows through. needs constant reminding 	1	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
