dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
3	-1	 This doctor is clueless about patients conditions and diagnosis. This doctor does not seem very knowledgeable. This doctor does not do any follow up calls to patient. The worst parts is that this doctor never returns patients' calls.  	2	1	1	1	Insurance:CIGNA
3	1	 She was wonderful. Very personable, helpful and caring.   Best doctor I have ever had! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	1	commentsDr. Gabai is a wonderful doctor, he's very understanding and knowledgable. I didn't like chiropractors much at first because of my 1st experience but that all changes after seeing dr. Gabai. I googled him first and found nothing but good reviews, and for the area he's currently in he offers the lowest rates on adjustments and everything else. I've never felt better I go there once a week and remain feeling brandnew, he's really great. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	 Dr. Gabai is caring and knowledgeable. I was apprehensive about getting back surgery, then my friend recommended Dr. Gabai and I scheduled an appointment with him. He was very patient with me, explaining why I was having so much pain in my back. He explained that my lower back nerves were pinched and that was why I was having numbness in one leg. I have been seeing him regularly for my back for the past four months. He lightly adjusts my back into its “correct anatomical position” and miraculously I have no pain. Before seeing him I used to get pain sitting and walking or standing and now I can do many activities pain free. The best part is when I saw the Orthopedic Surgeon for my back last week, he said, that I no longer needed to get lower back surgery. Thank you Dr. Gabai for all your help and care.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
10	1	commentsHe is the best chiropractic Dr in west area, with very gentle manipulation of my back in few visits he got red of my pain.I recommend him to my neighbor and he was very happy too. Sarah Weiz Paid/Co-pay:$95	5	5	5	4	Insurance:Unknown
12	-1	comments 	2	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
25	-1	 Will not respond to patient in a timely matter regarding test results. Patient in extreme pan and will not call back. Tests results in doctors hands and it has been 4 days and no call.  Messages left and none returned.  	3	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	-1	 Unresponsive to needs, rude front office, long waiting for appointment, unavailability of appointment in reasonable time, no follow up for test results and patient's conditions.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	1	commentsDoctor Gabbay MD,Mojan is GREAT, she is amazing, she took time to explain every thing, provinding personalized attentive care, she makes things so comfortable, is very nice, lovely and charming doctor. I will recommend her to all my friends. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	 I would recommend Dr. Gabbay without reservation.  Excellent bedside manner,extremely knowledgeable, and always available to her patients... I underwent a complete hysterectomy in July of 2012, and as it was a first time experience for me having surgery 1 was very, very nervous.  I put my trust in God and Dr. Gabbay.  Everything went great!! KUDOS to Dr. Gabbay...  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	-1	 I would have given a lower score on staff but Maria is the BEST! She was my favorite part of my dr. visits. The rest, howerever was quite unenjoyable. Gabbay induced me because I was two days past due and she saw &quot;discrepencies&quot; in the heart rate strip at my appointment, turned out my baby was completely fine the TWO days I was being induced (obviously, my body wasn't ready to deliver). The nurses said that my baby was probably just shifting positions when the dr. noted the decelerations. I'm sure the doctore knew this but had her own agenda to heed to. All the nurses at the hospital were AWEFUL! And when it came time for me to start pushing, the nurse told me to stop because no one knew where Gabbay was. It took her an HOUR to get to my room. My poor baby's head was so worpped from being partially pushed out for an entire hour. Gabbay is not good at communicating and I always felt like I had unanswered questions after my appointments with her.  	4	4	1	2	Insurance:Anthem
29	-1	commentsI came to that office for birth control. The front staff was rude, and unhelpful. Nobody acknowledged me when I came in (with 3 people working) and I stood at the front counter for 20 minutes (times on my stop watch) until I finally asked if someone could help me. After I put my name on the list, I waited another 20 minutes until i was called to the front counter to pay my co-pay. I waited in waiting room for 22 minutes. Dr. Gabbay appeared to be nice and was very friendly, though throughout our communication she appeared to be rushed. I was interested in specific birth control method and I mentioned that I never used it before. Dr. failed to give me the full range of information regarding it and side effects. She just recommended it to me as one of the best available. When I came back home and looked online for info I developed some concerns. I tried to reach Dr. three times through office. She finally returned my call after I told office staff that I might sue for misinformation. Paid/Co-pay:$40	1	1	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
29	-1	 The most horrible experience I have ever had with a doctor!! I was in the middle of a contraction when she decided she wanted to tell me she didn't like my birth plan! She was hours late and didn't even bother to look at me in the eye before she decided to break my bag. Worst doctor ever. Dr. Kossari came to the rescue.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	1	 I was referred by my primary doctor to see Dr. Gabbay. The staff was friendly and I didn't have to wait long. I get really nervous when I see a new doctor for the first time. She was really nice and friendly. She explained my system throughly and was easy to talk to. I give her a thumps up in my book.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	1	 I am currently 4 months pregnant with my second child and so far I absolutely LOVE Dr. Gabbay and the office staff! I prefer natural birth and was contemplating having a home birth this time but could not afford to without insurance help. I was up front with Dr Gabbay about my reservations about having another hospital birth, due to a nurse at another hospital creating an emergency that did not exist during the birth of my son. She was extremely empathetic and took the time to address my concerns as well as explain her philosophy on birth and her role in it. After my first appointment with her I much more excited about delivering at Holy Cross with her. My husband and son have attended each appointment with me and she NEVER FAILS to address my son as a part of this whole process. She makes a point of making sure he gets to hear or see &quot;his&quot; baby each time.  I cannot say enough good about her at this point in our doctor/patient relationship!!! 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
29	1	commentsMade me feel comfortable 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
33	-1	 He was very rude and arrogant.  He was not at all concerned about what was important for me and my treatment.  He is a doctor that is about his bottom line, not the well-being of his patients.  It alarms me that he is still practicing.  It is doctors' like him that make you scared to go to the doctor.  	3	1	1	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	-1	commentsDo not go see this Doctor. My wife's doctor is actually Dr. Gabbai's wife Michelle. She is great, but keep in mind that Ramin is on call often. When my wife and I had to call him after hours (10:30 pm), he was rude, dismissive and even told me to shut up. He seemed completely bothered that I had called the on call line! He then prescribed an outdated antibiotic which caused my wife to have to go to the emergency room 2 days later (because her condition got worse) to get the right medicine. We will never go back to Michelle and Ramin's practice again even though we love Michelle. The most unprofessional man I have ever talked to. Unbelievable. 	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	 I have gone through about 5 doctors since I moved to Los Angeles and I finally found a doctor that took the time to discuss my condition, listen and follow up.  His staff was very friendly also.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	1	commentsDr. G is the best! Incredibly respectful of my beliefs; she really listens to her patients. I've been searching for a good PCP for awhile now, and I think she is one of the better ones out there. She does run a bit late, but so does every other physician I've encountered. I think their schedules are jam-packed, but I never felt rushed (maybe that's why she's always late...she spends time with her patients!). Passionate and empathetic. Hard to find these days. Keep up the good work! 	4	3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	commentscompassionate, listens, sensitive to my needs, respectful of diversity 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
36	-1	 I'd avoid this one.  She has no people skills and told me on many occasions she was 'too busy' to mail test results and the like to me.  She was once an hour late to my appointment.  Funny thing was, she walked in from what I can assume was lunch 35 minutes after I was supposed to be seen and I wasn't the only patient waiting.  I see that she teaches.  I hope she not teaching bedside manner or compassion because she has none.  It took her 2 weeks to call a prescription in for me, and then it was the wrong prescription.  I don't think I'd entrust her to my health ever again.  	2	1	1	1	Insurance:Aetna
36	-1	commentsThis is funny...having switched to her for primary years ago that first (expensive) visit was very rushed because I overhead she was going to have her eyebrows done.  Then she left town and I never received notification until another dr asked me who my PCP was--he told me she left town.  Then she came back and I began receiving letters about her new practice which involved cosmetic surgery&#63;  So I was never notified that she bailed on me but oh when she wanted new patients they sure had my contact info.  I even received a phone call at home from her office telling me about her new services--boy did I tell that person off!  Still amazed by this. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	commentsI went to Dr. Gabiola for quite a few years.  I thought she was very good, and thought she did a great job.  She did make me wait for hours sometimes though. 	3	1	4	4	Insurance:Unknown
36	-1	commentsI would avoid her.  She might have gone to a great school, which I think she wrote that comment, but she doesn't have the personality to be a great doctor. She moves around alot which I would question and I heard now she works out of her house. If that isn't strange. 	3	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
36	-1	commentsShe is very unsure of herself, she sends me to other doctors for even little things, because she doesnt know how to handle it. My new internal med doctor handles everything. Avoid her. 		2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	commentsDr. Julieta Gabiola is one of the finest in the field of internal medicine. However, one could see this just by looking at the wall in her office, which is crowded with diplomas from Rush Medical College, Stanford Medical, and numerous other prestigious medical institutions nationwide. Her and her staff have a genuine love for the medical community and treat their patients with the respect every patient deserves. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
36	-1	commentsShe is awful, I would avoid her. I didn't like anything about her. 		2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
39	-1	 She is only looking for money and she doesnot have time for you, how many time have you returned from a dcotor sad, depressed even if you do not have anything wrong. She was literally scolding in here tone,I recommned her to be downgraded as well, she will tell you to do all the test , if not required as well, he charged my insurance for the things she never did.My sincere advice please DO NOT EVER visit her.  	1	4	1	3	Insurance:AetnaPaid/Co-pay:$135
39	-1	 Poor staff up front who gave me incorrect information twice. This Dr. LOVES her tests and will attempt to scare you into unnecessary tests for $. She also has a terse manner and is somewhat rude. She didn't bother to tell me she did not deliver babies until my 4th visit! I wasted so much time and money with this Dr., do yourself a favor and pass her up, esp. if you're looking for an OB. Also, all blood work fees are out of your pocket here, I don't know why if they have agreements with insurance companies. I also told her no tests that were not covered and she claimed they were routine and covered, when in fact many were uncovered and labeled as &quot;experimental&quot; and rejected by my insurance. She's not only greedy, she's a liar. I've since found a great Dr in another city who has disagreed with a lot of this Dr's advice on pregnancy.  Please, for the love of all that's good, don't go to this woman for you or your unborn child's care!!! 	1	4	2	2	Insurance:Aetna
39	-1	 This is not a doctor's office, this is a money-making mill!! Dr.  Gabrail, you and your staff will go straight to hell!!! or, and why do you need 10 people in the front office, to make sure they bill enough&#63;&#63;&#63;&#63;&#63; 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	1	 Dr.Gabrail is amazing. She's a no nonsense, very knowledgeable and doesn't sugar coat things. There's a reason she's considered one of the best in the business. Something tells me that the last few negative ratings/reviews posted on here are from a disgruntled deadbeat patient who refused to pay their bill. I've seen nothing but the utmost professionalism from Dr.Gabrail. She delivered my two little angels into this world with the utmost care and perfection. Now she's my gyn, and I wouldn't have it any other way.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	1	 I have been seeing Dr Gabrail for over 19 years and she has delivered the last 4 of my 5 children.  She guided me through VBACs when other drs would only consider another c-section. From a patient standpoint, she looks out for your best interests and I always know that I will receive the best of care from her. If you are looking for a very knowledgeable doctor who will provide excellent care, I highly recommend Dr Gabrail.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	1	 She has NO bed side manners, which to me is a BIG deal. I won't go back to her again.  She seems like she know's what she is talking about, but she was very disrespectful to me.  I also had a very hard time understanding her accent.  	3	3	3	5	Insurance:Anthem
39	1	commentsShe helped me through a difficult infertility period, and once I got pregnant, was willing to stay as my primary OB despite a high risk pregnancy with twins.  She was always highly attentive to my needs, and was always patient with my constant questions. 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	 She has delivered both my children-as first comment said I agree she is not warm and fuzzy but she's a great Dr. looking in your best interest. I probably couldn't work for her but as a pt. I like having her on my side.  Unlike &quot;groups&quot; I have seen in the past, with her I am in right on time not waiting for an hour for a 5 minute pap!!! That was annoying! 	3	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	1	 I've been seeing Sheba for 15 years, and while she is not the warm fuzzy doc that some like, she is smart and vigilant, and as a result, I am still healthy at 60+.  	3	5	4	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	-1	 She's the worst.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
46	-1	commentsterrible, painful, not very nice, rushed,only cares about money Paid/Co-pay:$2400	1	1	1	3	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	commentsDr. Gabucan was very helpful and professional! I enjoyed my visit and was in and out of the office fairly quickly. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
57	0	 The place has turned into a mill.  It's next to impossible to get a doctor to call back and god knows which doctor you get.  	3	3	2	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
57	1	comments 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	 Very good doctor. We heard very many good things from different families and so far this doctor was very helpful and knowledgeble. We never have to wait when it comes to appointments and also whenever we call with question he always responds promptly.  Would definitely recommend this doctor!!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
57	1	commentsOur boys have been patients of Dr. Gach for 15 1/2 years. Our youngest had life threatening medical problems for 12 years. I cannot begin to tell you how wonderful Dr. Gach is. He was there for us night or day and always took whatever time was needed for our son and for us as parents. He is extremely knowledgeable and a wonderful physician and person! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	 Dr. Gach's practice has gotten too busy and everytime I go in, I end up seeing a different doctor.  		3	4	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	-1	 Rushed visit. No physical contact.  	2	5	1	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
84	1	commentsI am so happy with this Chiropractor. He spends the time needed with you and always fixes what is happening with my body. He really helps when I have migraines and I always feel so much better after seeing him. He has a great personality and his staff is fabulous! 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	commentsI had my very first acupuncture treatment with Joel, and it was awesome.  He took his time and explained everything he was doing.  He makes getting stuck with pins educational, and dare I say it...fun!  I have done about 5 treatments and my migraines and headaches are under control.  Thanks! Paid/Co-pay:$95	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
