dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
2	1	 I went to a couple of doctors before deciding to have Dr. Pacella do my breast reconstruction - he was kind, compassionate and caring. Not to mention he is a very skilled surgeon. He walked me through the procedure and talked about expectations and answered all my questions. I am so happy with my result and would recommed him for breast reconstruction or any cosmetic procedure.  Thanks so much!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
2	1	 fantastic surgeon, could not be happier...I'm not certain what this other person is talking about.  Just read any of the other reviews of him on any of the other sites.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
2	-1	 I found this plastic surgeon to be the worst there is around. He does not know what he is doing and is very incompetent. My breast reconstruction was a complete mess and I had to have another plastic surgeon fix the problems.  I do not recommend him to anyone considering breast reconstruction.  	5	1	1	1	Insurance:Medicare
9	-1	 I do not recommend this dentist for your children, please read reviews on other sites as well regarding this doctor.  	2	2	1	2	Insurance:CIGNA
23	1	 Me and my husband have being going to Dr Joe Pachorek for 15 years. He is the best he takes time with you and go out of his way to make sure you are ok. he call you to make sure everything is going well he treats you like Family he is the BEST. I drive all the way from Canyon Country.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	 Joe was our GP for about 20 years while we were in California. He is as close as you could hope to find to a physician with the old fashioned caring attitude toward his patients.My wife and I consider him a friend and wish we were closer than Colorado for our personal care.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
23	1	 Give me a break people.... He is the nicest, most knowledgeable Doctor you will find!  Been going to him for about 10 years! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
23	1	 Dr Pachorek has been my Dr for 22 years. He is a fine pysician,a good person,and very caring and personable. He has personally made a difference in my life, because he has insight and the initiative needed to heal difficult problems (when all my specialists couldn't). I am so grateful for this. I think he is terrific.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	0	commentsI went to him on a friend's recommendation -- he has a rep as an extremely intelligent doctor. Unfortunately, I found him to be disinterested and cocky, and obviously in a rush to get on with his day. He was quick to write me a very expensive prescription that my current PCP saw as inappropriate and aggressive. Also, I had a terrible experience with his answering service (hence the &quot;1&quot; for staff). Never again! 	1	3	2	3	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	 Good and knowledgeable doctor. i have been with him for more than 20 years. approachable and fun to talk to. never rush you out of the office even he is very busy. helpful if you need referral. easy to get appointment with other doctors in the office but not him though. overall, i like him as my doctor.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:AnthemPaid/Co-pay:$10
23	0	 We were unhappy with Pachorek's short attention span and lack of follow-up.  Given the high volume nature of their practice, we elected to move to another doctor.  	3	3	2	3	Insurance:Anthem
23	1	 Dr. was very kind and listened. Correctly diagnosed celiac disease after a simple test and I am so very grateful.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	0	commentsSeems like a decent enough doctor, but I stopped going to Dr. Pachorek when I saw him pitching snake oil in a tv commercial on the History Channel. 	2	3	3	3	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	 Dr. Pachorek has an excellent reputation re diagnosis...knows his stuff.  However, I found him rather patronizing.  I know my genetic condition, am well versed on labs, etc. I sought a response to a question and he brushed it off with an attitude of &quot;I'm the doctor, let me worry.&quot; My husband has had years of good relationship and treatment with Pachorek.  Maybe my questioning his   response, and being a confident, mature woman, put him on the defensive.  I moved to a another internist and am extremely pleased.  	4	4	3	5	Insurance:Medicare
23	1	 I have been a patient of Dr. Pachorek's for more than 20 years and he has always correctly diagnosed any problems, he is very knowledgeable and professional, he takes his time to discuss the details of the care needed.  He and his staff are great.  I give them 5 stars the best physician in Pasadena.   He actually cares and does not rush! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
23	1	 Efficient, knows his stuff and will listen when needed. As with all patients on HMO, time is a factor, but he'll hear you if you don't abuse this.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	commentsFriendly, personable, listens, called me for free to give me diagno 		4	5	4	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	 Very personable. Willing to answer all questions and give referrals when needed.  		4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	-1	commentsbad service. avoid this place. too expensive for the bad quality offered 	1	5	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	 DR. PAABUSTAN IS A VERY GOOD PEDIATRICIAN. HE HAS HAD NUMEROUS PATIENTS OVER THE YEARS,I BELIEVE HE WAS EVEN MY DOCTOR FOR A SHORT PERIOD OF TIME AND I'M 26 YRS. OLD. VERY PATIENT,KNOWS WHAT HES DOING,AND VERY KIND.  HES THE BEST IN MY BOOK! 	4	5	4	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
37	1	 He is the best Doctor I have ever had.  He is very good at diagnosing, hits the nail on the head.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
37	1	 This doc is very good. He listens to his patients and is very knowledgeable. I just started to see him and so far everything is great.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
37	1	 I'm impressed with Dr. Pacal. His communication is  good and appears very good in diagnosing problems.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	1	 Extremely personable, compassionate and concerned. A wonderfully warm person who expressed concern for my anxiety over an eye disorder. Too bad he is now retired.  		5	5	5	Insurance:HealthPartners
39	-1	commentsLack of follow-through on providing Health Records he clearly stated he would provide. 		1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	 Dr. Pabst and the staff were wonderful!! My son who is 3 felt very comfortable and did not cry a tear. Everyone made him feel special and welcome.. I am a client for life. A happy mommy indeed.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	1	commentsDr. Judy is the best pediatric dentist I've ever met. She can give a 4 yr old a novacaine shot like a magician, they don't see it or feel it. I can't say enough about this Dr. and her staff. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	 LOVE DR. PACHOREK!!!   ON TOP OF EVERYTHING WITH RESPECT TO HOW KIDS FEEL, HOW THE PARENT FEELS AND UPDATED INFORMATION ON TREATMENTS.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
42	1	 We LOVE her!  She is kind, caring and knowledgable.  I have a boy and a girl and both kids are very comfortable with her. Very important also.  She has been our pediatrician for years and we would not go to anyone else.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
42	1	 Dr. Pachorek not only took her time to patiently listen to a complicated medical history but came up with the correct diagnosis after 2 other physicians failed in the task. She was great at explaining all aspects of my sons condition and helped him overcome his fear of doctors. I would highly recommend her to anyone.  		5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
42	1	 Dr. Pachorek is a wonderful doctor and I couldn't be happier with her. She is very warm and great with my children. She came every day to the hospital to check on them, she never sent the on call doctor.  I highly recommend her! 		4	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
43	1	 Wonderful dentist.  Great staff.  Dentist even calls you at home the next day to make sure you everything was better.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
43	0	commentsGood dentist, but not his staff. The staff isn't professional when the dentist is not around. For example, the hygienist often takes the time to chat with the receptionist, and stops working while I'm sitting on the chair with my mouth wide-open. Really, take your break when you're not working on a patient! 		1	3	3	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	commentsThe BEST dentist! And I hate dentists but he is very good and gentle. I had a lot of work done here and he is the first dentist I would recommend out of the 20 or so I have seen over my lifetime. Paid/Co-pay:$1000		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	commentsDr. Pacal is an excellent dentist. My whole family has been going to him for years. His staff is helpful and always tries to be accommodating. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	commentsDr. Pacal is a fantastic dentist. Even if he doesn't see you personally that day, his staff is excellent and very skilled. 		4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	commentsExcellent doctor and surgeon.Very courteous,he keeps appoitments with patiens in timely manners;there is no long waiting.As my eye doctor,he explained option plans step by step in simple words.Devotes his time to patient,he doesn't rush,listens and is open to questions.As a good doctor would,he is surrounded by highly trained profesional staff,from the front to back office.Everybody is very friendly and helpful,creating nice atmosphere,that's what every  patient needs.Overall,Pabalan Eye Center,5 stars to you all! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
48	-1	commentsThis doctor, Dr. Francisco Pabalan should be sanctioned.  I had eye surgery and he caused me such severe eye damage I am legally blind.  He never answered my calls and does not respond to my repeated requests to address the issue. I would never recommend this docotr to anyone.  Do not see him.  Also, he has an office in Riverside. 	3	5	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
51	-1	commentsThis doctor sexually abused a patient over a period of several months in the 1970's.  Victim did not report incidences  until years later - with no resolution.  This doctor should be prosecuted; if there are other victims, please report. 	1	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
55	-1	.  Worst doctor I have ever seen in my life - stay away 	2	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$45
55	-1	.   	2	1	2	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
55	-1	 I chose Dr. Allen H. Pachtman after doing a google search in the area. It seems that you really should not believe any of the medical recommendations that you see on legitimate websites. I have had Doctors that had poor bedside manor, however this guy takes the cake so to speak. He is the mos condescending, egocentric piece of work I have ever seen. During my initial consult he was rude, unwilling to listen to me before forming any logical medical conclusions because he evidently knew everything about my medical history just by looking at me. I have never felt that kind of preducice from any practitioner.  Please do not go to this doctor, he is pretty much at the end of his career anyways based on my logical assessment of a person I know nothing about and took at face value because I do not care what he has to say nor care what his past is because of what he looks like, an old washed jerk 	3	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$15
73	1	 Dr. Pacificar is very experienced. During appointments she is very quiet and you need to make an effort in getting answers from her. She also is very cautious. I was completely amazed during my labor and delivery. Dr. Pacificar was extremely attentive. She was constantly calling and checking up on me. From my understanding, she is that way with all of her patients. No need to worry if the dr.  is around ever! 		5	4	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
82	1	 Dr. Pachon was a breath of fresh air for me.  It isn't often that you find a docotr who follows through on what they say.  I her office today to follow up on some labs that I had performed.  The office told me that they would page the Doctor letting her know that my lab results are ready and that she would call me back.  I instantly thought that I wouldn't hear anything from her and that I would have to call her back.  This has been my experience in the past with many different doctors.  To my astonishment, Dr. Pachon called me back with in 2 hours of my call.  I've always frowned about having to find a new doctor.  This is the first time that I'm excited to have a primary care doctor.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
82	1	 Dr. Pachon is the most caring doctor I have experienced. She is not only knowledgeable in her field but takes THE TIME TO LISTEN to your health concerns. She is very easy to talk to, and is realistic in treatment plans. She sends all blood work and other follow up material by mail so you always have a copy of your information.  I have been extremely satisfied with her and her staff.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
82	1	 She is a wonderful doctor that has electronic communication.   It is so convenient for working patients 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:AetnaPaid/Co-pay:$20
82	1	 Dr. Pachon is an incredible doctor; she is kind, fresh-faced, knowledgeable, and takes her time.  She treats every patient as an equal and as a patient, I feel valued and very well cared for.   she is an inspiration! 	3	5	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
82	1	commentsDr. Pachon has been taking care of my medical needs for about a year, and so far has not let me down. Oh, and did I mention, she's damned nice to look at. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	 Love this doc. She's young and fresh and interested in each individual. She e-mails, researches and gets back to you. She is enthusiastic and helpful and I wouldn't choose another doctor. I'm even considering going to an HMO from my PPO cause I wouldn't mind seeing her before I see any other docs.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:AetnaPaid/Co-pay:$20
82	1	commentsI'm a 38 year old single Gay father and was referred to Dr. Pachon by a female friend. Dr. Pachon was very understanding and followed, in detail, my complex medical history. She then made some recommendations, and wrote a prescription. She ultimately ended up improving my quality of life to where I now feel 95% back to normal. She even has an electronic system through the hospital where we can communicate any time and have her answer any questions without coming in for a visit. I'm a tough customer and she's A++ I highly recommend her. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	 Dr. Pachon is the best female family physician in San Clemente that I have ever met!  She is very knowledgable and has great patient communication.  After my visit, I made sure to take some extra business cards so I could refer my family to her.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:AnthemPaid/Co-pay:$20
89	1	commentsWhen I was a child Dr. James Pace helped me through all of those hard things in life to over come now i do feel like i truly can function in everyday life and not harbor all things in my past he is a great doctor 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
96	1	 I really love Dr Pabari. She seems to be so unrushed and meticulously caring when she examines my child during checkups. She took the time to answer all my questions and was really helpful in the suggestions she made. Dr Pabari is a very warm, cheerful and loving person.  		5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
