dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	Dr. Nirmal Rai is the greates doctor in my opinion. I have been to several doctors, and none of them were as knowledgeable and effective as him in my treatment. Every time I am sick or have a medical issue, he correctly diagnosis me, and aggressively treats the problem. I recover from my illness and health issues practically over night with his help. I would recommend him to everyone, he is very nice as well. He even made my son a balloon out of an exam glove, so now my son looks forward to going to see Dr. Rai. I would nominate him as the worlds best doctor! My wife is his wife's patient and my wife thinks that Dr. Meetinder Rai is the world's greatest doctor. They are an addorable couple! I am going to name my first nephew after Dr. Nirmal Rai and my first niece after Dr. Meetinder Rai. They are the greatest doctors ever, they have saved several of our famil members' lives! Thank You Dr. Meetinder Rain and Dr. Nirmal Rai! You have imp[acted my entire family so greatly! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	I am so glad we have the most gentle, and kind dentist right here in Foothill Ranch. You cannot find a better place for your family to go to the dentist. I moved to Dove Canyon last year from Beverly Hills, and I can say this office is the best! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	Thank you Portola Dental and Dr. Sasha for making our dental visits painless and comfortable. A. Greene 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	I was very pleased with the quality of care and the friendliness of the entire staff at Portola Dental. I know realize the difference between USC trained doctors and others. Go trojans! Thanks Dr.Sasha Jenny Whipple 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	I found Dr. Raitt to be very helpful. While he does do typing while we discuss symptoms, I find that he is taking copious notes and is always willing to discuss treatment alternatives and does not hesitate to schedule tests if requested. Rare to find a doctor who will listen to an educated patient and collaborate on strategies to resolve symptoms. been seeing him for 5 years now for back and neck issues as well as general medicine. Always in Sacramento magazine top docs list as rated by peers. My wife sees him as well and is very happy.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
3	1	Dr. Raitt takes the time to be very thorough. He really seems to care about my health and the health of my family.  Very happy with him and would highly recommend him to others.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
3	-1	Dr. Raitt insisted that the pain and symptoms I was experiencing after my hysterectomy were due to &quot;depression&quot; which I did not have.  It turns out it was due to endometriosis which my Sutter Medical Group OB/GYN (Dr. Elizabeth McClure)left inside me instead of removing. (She lied and led me to believe the Endo was gone. She also didn't do a LAVH as consented but did an injurious TAH.)  Dr. Raitt did not tell me that I still had Endo even though he could read that in my electronic medical records. He did help me get some tests and referred me to other Sutter Doctors but no one with Sutter seemed to want to interpret the test results and my pain and symptoms to figure out what was wrong with me post hysterectomy. I suffered with pain and I'm still in pain. I had to go to the Bay Area to get a repair surgery because Sutter doctors didn't or wouldn't help me after my negligent surgery at a Sutter Hospital. Dr. Raitt spends most of the appointment typing at his computer. Depression... Not! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
3	-1	Have been with this dr for five years.  Does a lot of typing, very little listening, and has very little bedside manners.  Can be rude and abrupt.  Would not recommend.  	5	4	2	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
3	-1	At first this doctor helped me and seemed to listen to me. He did tests that came back mostly normal and gave referrals to specialists who also couldn't help me. The root cause of my pain and symptoms could not be diagnosed by these doctors and so they became dismissive and seemed to give up and decide it was all in my head. Dr Raitt insisted I was depressed. I wasn't. He only refers to other Sutter doctors who also don't help to diagnose correctly. No doctor in the medical group took responsibility for figuring out what was actually wrong or prescribe pain relief. I kept trying to explain to Dr. Raitt how and when my pain and symptoms started, but since he seemed to decide it was just in my head, I was scoffed at. The specialists shrugged their shoulders and gave up. I then found a new doctor OUT of this medical group and was then quickly diagnosed! Now I need surgery, but I suffered for years in severe pain. He does try to give patients time, he just didn't truly listen to me. 	2	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
3	-1	I've seen this doctor 3 times with my 80 yr. old mother. Dr. doesn't listen and prescibes LOTS of drugs to her as a cure. Horrible bedside manner. Had to demand petscan for her back (gee, found tiny fractures all over her back!) and to advise him to take her off the Vicodin he prescibed to her. He had numerous elderly patients including my 84 yr. old father. Seems to think that prescribing medicine for all their ailments is the answer. Not interested in alternative therapies. Didn't even had a full record of all the meds my mom was taking! Very disappointed as patients at ANY age should be medically treated with equal care and concern.  	2	2	1	2 	Insurance:Secure Horizons
3	1	Dr. Raitt is OUTSTANDING!!  He is very thorough and cares about what is best for you.  He is also my husband's doctor and found that he has a blood cancer before my husband had symptoms.  Dr.  Raitt is a gem!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Pacificare
4	-1	DR. RAJAGOPAL IS ON PROBATION BY THE MEDICAL BOARD OF CALIFORNIA:http://www.sfweekly.com/2010-09-15/news/doctoring-th...http://www.sfweekly.com/2011-03-16/news/usha-rajagop...Also, you can read the full Medical Board file below: After clicking the link click the Public Records Tab and then click Decision and go to the bottom fourth of the report to read the Cause For Discipline.    www2.mbc.ca.gov/LicenseLookupSystem/PhysicianSurgeon/Lookup.aspx&#63;licenseType=A&licenseNumber;=53230 	 12/30/11	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
4	-1	Here is another more recent unflattering article regarding this doctor's practices.http://www.sfweekly.com/2011-03-16/news/usha-rajagop... 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	I had surgery with her and I am very happy with the result.Since then I go back to SF PLASTIC SURGERY CENTER for microdermabrasion time to time. Dr. Rajagopal is not only knowledgable, she is sweet and a very nice person. I asked her to support our local community fund raising as I got to know her and she gladly offered her service which I deeply appreciated. I am recommening her to my husband to have a hair removal when he is ready.  (he is too busy and scare at this moment) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	I first went to Dr. Rajagopal for a rhinoplasty consult. She examined my nost and talked me out of the surgery! She felt that the results I wanted would not be achievable with my bone structure. I was sooo impressed with this honesty that I have since been back for laser hair removal and microdermabrasion which was done by the nurses in the office and laser removal of dark spots on my face performed by the doctor. I am really pleased with the results. I have recommended Dr. Rajagopal to several friends who have had breast augmentations as well as reductions done and they are so happy with the results. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	-1	Warning: see the Sept 15-21 2010 SF Weekly article about how this physician hired a consultant to post fake internet reviews.  The article also discloses that the medical board found that this doctor's negligence caused a patient to enter a coma, and the patient later died.  Sounds like one sleazy &quot;MD&quot;. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	Finally I have found a good plastic surgeon!  I had surgery with her 2 weeks ago, and she did a great job fixing other doctors mistakes.  She actually operated on the right parts, what a refreshing change.  And the incisions look better 2 weeks later than another doctor's incisions from 10 months ago.  She cares about doing a good job for the patient, not about her ego, unlike many of the male plastic surgeons.  She is very sweet,  knowledgeable ... highly recommended! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	Wonderful experience and results on my rhinoplasty. Very natural results. Dr. Rajagopal has great artistry, attention to detail, bedside manners. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	Dr. Rachelefsky is a problem-solver who is very interested in his patients.  He spends considerable time with you and remembers what you say.  He works hard to resolve your problem and brings current research to bear on the solution.  One of the brightest physicians I''ve ever met. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	expert cardiologist with excellent bedside manner, one of the best in his field 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	-1	After a few visits, I noticed that his way to drag the patient back as often as possible,  was to order some of the tests but not all of them at once. Non-ending visits...Front desk were unprofessional and ignorant sometimes. The goal is to keep you concerned and worried, so you keep going back.  Be aware of surprise charges! 	3	3	1	2 	Insurance:Anthem
7	1	My experiences with this doctor was excellent.  He is through and  caring.  He was very helpful with my immediate needs.  The med he prescribed worked in record time for me.  I m delighted.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
7	1	I have been Dr Rahavi's patient for 2 years. His willingness to listen and discuss all my aches and pains is marvelous. He is patient and kind. My daughter has just been diagnosed with fibromyalgia and she will be seeing him soon.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
7	1	I have been seeing Dr. Rahavi for psoriatic arthritis since 2005. I have found him to be thorough in his examines and willing to take the necessary time to diagnose and review my symptoms.  His easy going style and treatment recommendations have made dealing with my condition  a little more tolerable.  His office has always been able to find time for unscheduled / immediate appointments whe needed and has even called my pharmacy directly with prescription changes. I would recommend Dr.  Rahavi to anyone with an arthritic condition! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
7	1	I felt he was very interested in everything I had to say and explained all my questions easily and completely. His staff was helpful and very kind.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
7	0	We visited Dr. Rahavi for my daughter's arthritis. He is the first doctor we saw for her condition. Dr. Rahavi is very polite, and has a very polite receptionist. However, we found it very surprising in an age where every word of advice from the medical community is to ask lots of questions, that the doctor did not explain very much at all. When I asked a few questions, and wanted some clarifications, to understand why he was asking for the tests he required, he said he did not want to send me to medical school. We are not making any more appointments with Dr. Rahavi and we are looking for a new doctor.  	3	3	2	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	1	I saw her during my pregnancy when one of my friend referred me to her.. She was very patient friendly, answers any questions I have and does a good follow-up.. I would highly recommend her..  :-) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
8	1	very friendly, knowledegeable, explain things, honest Doctor.Her medical assistant Mari is super nice &amp; calls  back promptly.Awesome team,referring all my friends to her 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	-1	I had good reviews for her from my friends so went to her when I was pregnant. Since it was my first one I was very anxious &amp; tensed. She is more duty minded than making the patient trust her.  I will never refer her to anyone 	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	1	Dr Kavita Raj is really professional. She is friendly, gentle, supportive and answers questions when patients are in doubt and need of medical advice. I'd definitely recommend her to my girl friends.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
8	1	She advices very well. She is quiet knowledgable. Talks as if you are close family friend.Suggests the right advice needed and extremely supportive.Love Dr. Kavita Raj 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
9	1	Can be very to the point and direct, but seems very knowledgeable.  	5	5	4	4 	Insurance:CIGNA
10	1	Dr. Raj is a amazing surgeon with great bedside manner. He helped me and my family when i had my surgery and I consider him a close friend now. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	The staff is horrible they never pick up the phone its so hard to make an appointment it makes the process so difficult. When you get there you are not greeted at all and treated like dirt... however seeing the doctor was a great experience. HIS STAFF needs to learn from him I have to switch doctors just because I cant stand his staff. 	1	1	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	I was new patient at his offie which i would not be returning, it was a 20 minute wait just to make a apptointment is obnoxius this experience. the day of the appointment it was a long process just to get call to the room then it was another long precess just to xrays, and then to finnally see the Dr. Which he was nice but his whole staff is horrible not well manner.And not well  groomed, Which all of this reflects on his practice. I had the chance to glance at the office manager which she was so unprofessional to her employees.This whole experieced was bad. If all this things improproved his practice would be excellent.  	1	1	3	4 	Insurance:Workers Comp
10	1	Dr. Raj is a very nice person, and a great Doctor. His staff is so so...My only gripe is that I was not told prior to my surgery that Dr. Raj was going to be using an assistant surgeon. The assistant surgeon that he used was not covered by my insurance. The assistant billed for the same amount that Dr. Raj billed for. Other than the insurance gripe...great doctors, my leg feels great, and Im happy I had my surgery with Dr. Raj.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	1	I had the pleaseur of working with Bal when he was a resident in St John's NL.I was a Nurse on the ortopedic unit. He was great then and I am sure he has only gotten better with time. He has time for all his patients and his co workers. Congrats Bal you have made us all proud! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	I am pleased to say that the staff in doctor Raj's office is nice and friendly and makes me feel at ease at every appointment. I am glad to be helped by them and by Dr. Raj, who always appeases my worries and answers my questions and concerns in a manner I can understand, and always makes me feel comfortable when asking anything I might not clearly understand.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	1	My experience with Dr. Raj has been a great one. Beginning with the staff, everyone was professional, polite, and courteous. The atmosphere is always warm and welcoming. The facilities are also very clean and well kept. Appointments are very reasonable and always flexible for rescheduling. Dr Raj is a very informed doctor and very knowledgeable within his field of practice. I'd refer him to anyone.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	1	I recently saw Dr. Raj. I was so happy with himself and his staff. I vsited him in his Beverly Hills office. I was told I needed surgery on my hip and his aggressive nosurgical approach and optimism made me feel alot of comfort. This is one of the few times in my 70 years a doctor explained anything to me so clear and concise. If I do need surgery and the nonsurgical attempts fail I will certainly choose Dr. Raj.  	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:Medicare
10	1	I had a knee microscope procedure and had a great result. I feel so good. He is very kind and caring.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
10	1	Very smart doctor and very skilled. He did a hip replacement on me with an excelelnt result. He is well spoken and an excellent communicator. I felt very comfortable with him. The main issue I had is waiting time to see him. I waited 1.5 hours as he is very busy. But the wait was worth while. His manager and staff is very caring as well 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	Doctor R is very polite ,kind and has a great bedside manner. He is the best Orthopedic Surgeon in the world as far as myself or my family believe. No one would replace my knee as they said it was too difficult and he did an amzing job with no pain. His staff is great. He has energy and is vibrant and positive 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	-1	The doctor was not acting on common symptoms for Cancer and we got the run around until it was too late for Lymphoma cancer which is very treat able.  	3	3	2	1 	Insurance:HealthPartners
12	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	-1	He is not very respectable. He did not live up to expectations. 	5	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	Dr. Raimo has literally saved my life. My chemical imbalances really have ruled my whole life and limited my ability to have deep relationships. Dr. Raimo has worked with me to find the best drug and treatment for my life, so that I can actually live a normal life. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	I've got complicated issues with mood &amp; more.  I've worked with several psychiatrists over the years and he is very attuned, knowledgeable, and considers many possible options/combinations of meds.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
14	1	I seen this physician for an injury sustained while employed. This physician is by far the best clinician in the field of Psychiatry. I am a living testimony,&quot;of what one dedicated physician can do, in striving for medical excellents in patient physician care.&quot; Thank you D.R. &quot; 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	Dr. Raimo has helped me a great deal and continues to care about how my life is going. Very knowledgeable about medications.  	3	3	4	5 	Insurance:Pacificare
14	1	Dr. Raimo is what one wishes for in a doctor. All decisions are Shared Decision Making (SDM), meds are a tool for recovery, then he works with us to get our live's back. He is great. Highly recommended. He was essential in helping me to get back to work.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	 	2	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	0	High risk pregnancy so had to see Dr. earlier in pregnancy. Appointment made for at 9:20AM.  Wasn't seen by a nurse until 10:30AM. Dr. came &amp; saw me for 5-10min at 11:30AM. When I have complaints about pregnancy, he tells me unhelpful answers. Clinic in Garden Grove doesn't have rooms for ob patients. Very busy.  He appears at this clinic once a week so many of the pregnant patients wait more than an hour.  	4	1	2	4 	Insurance:Anthem
16	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	-1	I cannot believe all the good reviews.  I found Dr. Raffo condescending, cold, and not helpful at all.  She completely MISSED the fact that I was carrying TWINS--despite the fact that there were several indicators. 	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	Dr Raffo is very attentive , compassionate &amp; knowledgable .  I would recommend her to family or friend .  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
17	1	She is amazing! She is patient, kind, thoughtful and will put you instantly at ease. I couldn’t be more impressed with her thoroughness and level of care.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
17	1	She has been my doctor for many years, she delivered my daughter at Saddleback.  She is a good listener, knowledgeable, interested in you, caring,just an overall excellent doctor! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
17	1	She is a great doctor, very personable and answers all my questions.  	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
17	1	Kind, knowledgeable, professional.  Listens carefully and answers questions thoroughly.  Gives good instructions re: what to do for self-care.  Really cares about the patient.  Gentle, too.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
17	1	Dr. Raffo is very knowledgeable and personable, she takes the time to answer your questions and really pays attention to your concerns.  She is well respected throughout the medical community here in Orange County, when my husband and I asked for a recommendation from friends and family in the medical field, we had 5 different people recommend her. We are thankful that she is our doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	1	Excellent physican with significant knowledge.  Reommend highly 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	1	Excellent and humane knowledgable professional MD very rare that you may wish to find I give high value number 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	0	Was given paperwork regarding my choices in sedation and costs prior to procedure. I called to state my choice. Mary Jane, who answers the phone, assured me she'd let the dr know.  Either she didn't let the dr know my wishes or my wishes were completely ignored by the dr. If it was decided that a different sedation would be used I was never informed. No discussion of it even day of procedure. Then I received the bill post-procedure. Called the office to contest. Mary Jane said the dr doesn't normally do the procedure unless a costly sedation is used. When I asked why I was given paperwork detailing a choice of sedation then & why I was not told otherwise when I called in my choice or given a call back, she did not have an answer. I was told by her that she would call back. Never received a call. The office didn't accept any fault for their mistake or the cost of it, were incredibly unhelpful in working w/ me through the situation, & when said they would call me with updates never did.  	1	2	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	Dr. Rabinov herself was great! As for her staff... some of the most DEPLORABLE customer service I've ever dealt with. Absolutely horrible about calling with new information or returning phone calls. I had to side-step and call insurance myself and I don't think that's right. My experience with this Dr's office has been an extremely stressful one due to her staff.  	1	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
19	-1	Be careful with any surprising bill you will receive after the visit. Ask specifically what is included in the office visit and what is not. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	Dr. Rabinov is very personable but you will pay for it.  I was not satisfied with the front desk staff at all, very unfriendly.  For only spending a few minutes and all the doctor did was look down my throat it was over $300 of which I had to pay $123, way over priced for this economy! 	2	4	3	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	I saw Dr. Rabinov a few years ago for a perenially blocked up nose. She diagnosed me for a deviated septum and prescribed steroid nasal sprays. She advised me STRONGLY not to have surgery because it was often not successful or the problem re-occurred. The sprays worked for a few years but the problem then just came back worse. I saw another specialist in LA (Dr. Namazie) who used an endoscope inside my nose and after my history recommended surgery. He believed the steroid sprays long term only made my problem worse. He operated and 4 months on I am breathing and sleeping better than ever. He also prescribed saline nasal sprays to clear up my nose. I didn't follow up with Dr. Rabinov, but clearly her recommendations were too CONSERVATIVE -- surgery really helped. Perhaps she should have had me try nasal sprays too. All in all, she is a good doctor but make sure you get a 2nd opinion.  	5	5	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	Dr. C. Rose Rabinov is wonderful; she has a very warm and assuring bedside manner. Dr. Rose listened carefully to all my concerns and was very helpful in getting a solution at the heart of my complaints.  Dr.  Rose is also very beautiful!  If Obama truly wants to improve healthcare in America he should make sure all doctors and surgeons are like Doctor Rabinov! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
19	1	What a wonderful Dr. We were so concerned about my husband when we went in to see Dr.  She diagnosed it and did the surgery right away.  She is like a member of the family, so kind and understanding.  I would recommend Dr to anyone.  She is a blessing.  I called to ask a question, and Dr. got on the phone and talked with me.  How many dr's. do that now&#63;  IF she says she will do something, you can bet it will be done.  Her staff is amazing too.  We fill so blessed that she was sent out way.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	Very timely and skilled.  Kind and direct.  Staff is polite and helpful 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	When I went to see Dr. Rabinov, I spent the least amount of time in a waiting room I have ever spent.  She was personable and knowledgable, and after I had a scan SHE actually called me with the results.  Amazing!!  The best service I have ever had from a doctor.  And I picked her off my insurance list, not based on anything I had heard.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	1	I love Dr. Rafatjoo.  At first I thought I was going to see a &quot;foreigner&quot; and considered canceling my appointment.  I'm so glad I didn't.  What a nice and considerate man.  He is truly one of the best physicians I have ever used.  His wellness consideration is paramount.  He truly wants you to be your best. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	-1	This doctor totally misdiagnosed me.  Then another doctor in his office took over my case.   They did a blood and found out they did the wrong things with me.  After that, no one would talk to me.  When I signed for a copy of my records to go to my new doctor, they absolutely would not send them.  Dr. Rafi is very insulting at times.  I would stay away from him. 	 3/29/12	1	3	1	Insurance:Unknown
22	-1	The wait times can be extremely long, you have to call repeatedly at times, and it doesn't always feel as if you can talk to the doctor about concerns. He's not an awful doctor, but not the best either.  	3	3	2	2 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
23	-1	Have been seeing her for a few years and I am so sad to say that her work quality and personal demeanor have significantly deteriorated. She is easily upset and angers unpredictably and inappropriately.  There is no reason for a doctor to be rude, engage in name-calling or scream at a patient. I have never waited less than 3-4 hrs in her office despite having an appt.  I have waited up to 4 days for her to return a phone call, if ever.  She tries to practice medicine outside her expertise of OB/GYN.  Gives inappropriate pediatric, oncologic, cardiac, dermatologic opinions and advice that are wrong. I looked at my chart and there were blatantly false notes.  She appears very depressed, angry, tired and distracted. She looks haggard and like she is losing weight.  I definitely would not recommend her at this time.  I question her present stability, judgement and truthfulness.  Sad.  I'll be looking for another doctor. 	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	Excellent knowledge.  Dedicated to her field of practice and her patients. Tries to be comprehensive and treat the whole patient, including emotional.  Respectful of family. Sweet and soft-spoken.  However, problems with her returning calls in reasonable time...can take days!  Also, have had to wait up to three hrs in her office regardless of appointment.  Has never been on time.  I am staying with her for a number of years because she is very smart and kind.  Unfortunately, time has little meaning for her.  Her office is usually jammed with patients who sit and wait for her.  She practices solo in the office and has on-call drs for the off hours. If you want great care, you just have to wait and wait and wait! 	4	1	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	I've been Dr Ragab patient for more than 7 Yrs.   She is great and smart, she help me with any problem i have had.   I would't change her for anything. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	Dr Ragab is great. She takes all the time you need to explain things thoroughly and doesn't ever rush you. That being said, I have never in my many years of seeing her been seen on time. Its a combination of her just being a bit laid back about time, and her spending as much time as she needs with each patient. Because I value the time I get with her, Im more patient about waiting.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
23	1	I would Recommend you to this doctor if you are okay with waiting awhile. I had to wait 35 min in the waiting room and about another 35 mins in the exam room, while i heared her talk in the room next store. She didnt really answer my questions for my problems. All she did was talk about Birthcontrol and took bloodtest and sent me on my way. She very hard to get a hold of when during an emergency. But overall She was alright for my first OBGYN.  	3	2	3	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
23	1	Very kind and soft spoken, gentle touch. Shows real interest in the patient as a person. Always returns phone calls. Tries to understand all aspects and includes families. Very aware of the latest in her field. Great doctor and supporting staff! Only improvements are suggested...office is shabby and not so clean at times.  	5	1	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	I was treated with much respect and kindness, I was always made to feel that I was a preffered patient. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	-1	As a 69 year old woman I was spotting and she told me I had a polyp.  She performed a D &amp; C but the post procedure checkup showed she failed to examine the suspicious area.  She said she could perform the procedure again immediately or I could wait.  I mad ethe mistake of waiting instead of going to another physician.  After one year I changed doctors and the new one immediately diagnosed endometrial cancer.  This was on a regular office visit.  No need for a D &amp; C - just a regular biopsy.  There were no polyps. 	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
24	-1	She was always busy on my pregnant check up. There was no communication about my condition and I said I feel like have fever, she said 'that's totally normal. (It wasn't. )  With her wrong decisions, I came&out; ucla hospital 4times before delivery.  Doctors in the hospital couldn't understand why dr.Rahimian sent me the hospital. (I wasn't ready to have my baby.)  She has NO communication skill with patients.  	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
24	1	She is such a great doctor; knowledgeable, kind, calm. Only downside is that she is on call for delivery of the baby and she was not the one to deliver my baby. 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	Doctor Rahimian is the best doctor you can have at UCLA.  She delievered my baby boy and did his circumsicion.  She is very smart, reliable, pumptual and always very kind and caring.  She is one of the few doctors that really care.   I would recomend her to anyone! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	1	really kind doctor and very smart she has a great bedside manner --------- only problem is that she works out of UCLA and the ob/gyn office is crazy nuts.  		3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	Coming from a horrible experience with Dr. Brad Elkins, I’d have to say that it was refreshing to deal with a civilized gentleman, such as Dr. Rajacich. Dr. Rajacich is very respectful, does not raise his voice in frustration (as did Dr. Elkins), and keeps trying different things in an attempt to resolve stubborn problems. I do agree with the previous poster, however, that the wait time is often extreme and even ridiculous at times. There were some appointments where I’d literally spend half a day at his center and most of that was just waiting.  	3	1	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	-1	i have to wait 2 1/2 hours and he rushed threw the appointment.  He spent 5 minutes with me that I didnt get to ask him everything I wanted to know! 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Anthem
25	1	Dr. Rajacich is a very good doctor who really knows his field. He is kind and always a gentleman. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	This doctor is very knowledgeable, caring and communicative. His frequent tardiness is probably due to the fact that he will answer all questions and concerns completely, regardless of how long it takes. I highly recommend him, but I advise you clear your schedule on the day you see him, or come early in the day before he gets behind. Worth the wait.  	4	2	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
26	1	Relies too much on his computer, has poor memory for crucial facts. 	5	4	3	5 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	. Rabin may run a bit late but usually is more than willing to take the time with you that she did with her last patient 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
27	1	I am 70 yrs old &amp; have seen my fair share of docs over the years. I feel very confident in saying that Dr Rabin is one of the best I've ever had in every area - knowledge, empathy, intuitiveness, listening, diagnosing, etc. I have recommended her to many people, but my highest accolade is that I'm confident in entrusting my daughter's health to her! 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	always running late on appointment, but that is because she takes her time with everyone.  Very thorough and to the point.   Good doctor 	5	1	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
28	1	Best dentist ever for my children. Highly recommend this dentist to any one with young children.  :) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	Fabulous Dr... could not say enough about his expertise &amp; bedside manner 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	1	Very knowledgeable, pleasant, well mannered and dressed.  He can fit you in when an emergency arises.  In addition, he has a PA which also is all of the above.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
30	1	She was very nice to me and made me feel relaxed and welcome. One of my best experiences at the dentists office.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
30	-1	She was nice, but pushy on the sales. She was persistent in trying to sell me Invisalign (after I refused. She then insisted I needed sealants. Because I was 15 years past the age when sealants are recommended or covered by insurance, she proposed drilling and filling all molars. All of these teeth were healthy, and I can't imagine why I would agree to this. Dental research confirms that teeth with fillings are more likely to require later dental work than teeth without, not to mention that I would be getting fillings to prevent...  fillings&#63; 		4	2	2 	Insurance:Delta Dental
30	1	Very amiable disposition, did the job without alot of pain. Nice woman, clean office. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	She does the patient's cleanings herself rather than leave it to an assisstant. She also does braces including the transparent ones although I don't have personal experience with that. I've seen her for 2 years and recommend her. 		4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	For sure one of the nicest, if not the nicest doctor.  He never rushes you and will definitely listen to everything you have to say.  I sometimes find myself the one rushing 'cause I feel that I'm taking too much of his time.  If only all doctors could be like him.  He's very knowlegeable and humble.  You'll feel that he really cares. As a bonus, his staff are professional, friendly and helpful, especially Kathleen who is very beautiful. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	. Incredibly cosiderate and knowledgeable, i trust him fully and recommend him for any one who needs good medical care 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
31	1	Amazing staff greets you at this office. Very personable. The doctor has great bedside manner and the environment is conducive to Q and A and not being rushed (we all have had that experience).  My first visit the doctor quickly diagnosised something I didn't even come in for. Was supportive and helpful (a big part of what makes us feel better).  	4	3	5	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	-1	I would not recommend this doctor or the facility because they discriminate against White Male people. They don't discriminate against Hispanic people. Very poor customer service including their staff.  		1	2	2 	Insurance:Medicare
32	-1	.  		1	1	2 	Insurance:Medicare
32	1	She is a very thorough doctor AND takes the time that the patient needs. I highly recommend her.  	 6/14/06		4	5	Insurance:Medicare
33	1	Brad Rabin is a doctor like no other.  He is knowledgeable.  He collaborates with you.  He really spends time actually listening to you.  He is open to discussing articles you find on the internet or elsewhere.  He gives out his cell phone number for emergencies. Both my husband and I go to him and recently our son who &quot;graduated&quot; from his pediatrician has started to see him as well. He saved my husband's life when I called him late in the evening over a three day holiday weekend. He answered promptly, was calm and reassuring (I was freaking out) and analyzed what I was telling him quickly and correctly to take my husband to the emergency room to be evaluated. He had sepsis and would have died. Dr. Rabin is extremely thorough in all visits.  He will monitor all your care if you see other doctors. He makes excellent recommendations for specialists. What more can I say.  The man is amazing! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
33	1	He's the most knowledgeable and thought-provoking doctors I've ever met.  Not only will he go through figuring out what the reason for your visit is, but he'll also take the time to ask any and every medical question you could throw at him! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
33	1	. Best Internist Ever -- Totally conscientious, knowlegeable, acccessible, unpretentious, thoughful, friendly 	 12/30/07	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
33	1	Brad is one of the best doctors I have ever met. That is a bold statement, but supported by an experience base with over 50 doctors. He is brilliant, invests time between appointments, spends ample time with you during your appointment, collaborates with you, and applies a good balance of an evidence-based approach with an open mind to less traditional therapies. He works with you to develop a therapeutic plan suited to your specific needs. He is genuinely a terrific physician.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
34	-1	This office doesn't do a good job. I had to do a &quot;redue&quot; by another dentist. They are crooks. 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	very caring dentist.  He listened to what I had to say 	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:Aetna
35	1	I was very pleased with the professionalism and compassionate care of Dr. Rah and her staff. She has really taken the time to listen to my concerns and discuss the options available for my condition, ulcerative colitis. My colonoscopy with Dr. Rah at Newport Surgical Center was also a pleasant experience (I have had difficult ones with other doctors in the the past). She was very thorough with her testing and explained all the results in my follow-up visit. If you are considering/in need of a pro-active Gastroenterologist who actually listens to you, I would definitely recommend Dr. Rah.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	1	Dr. Rah is extremely knowledgeable and helpful. I had questions about a specific medication that she knew a lot about. She was able to get me in for my first appointment 2 days after I contacted her office. Then she was able to get me in for tests within 3 working days from my appointment. She's very caring and listens to what the patient has to say.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
36	1	Dr. Raisen's advice greatly helped me.  She was very caring an knowledgeable.  I highly recommend her.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
37	-1	Not knowledgable, works for keeping her job 	3	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	Dr. Rademaker is absolutely the best doctor I have had the opportunity to see for any medical problems that I have had. Her dr. patient manner is excellent and she goes right to the root of the problem. I would highly recommend her.Thank you, Len Kneale 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	This provider is highly recommended because of her professionalism in her field. She makes every effort in making sure that her patients are getting the care needed to improve their well-being. I can attest that she has gone above the call when checking on the welfare of her patients. She askes questions, check medications, and appointments is reaching her patients. Always advises her patients on what can be provided to make their life a little easier, such as: mobility, caregiving- homecare or special services are needed. So much to say, so little room to write a good recommendation regarding this provider. 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	great friendly staff.  courteous doc with great bedside manner 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	1	Wow I am really surprised to see these poor ratings for Dr. Racine.  He took care of my second pregnancy and delivered my son. He was always on time. I dont ever remember having to wait.  I dont know what you are talking about not ordering an ultrasound&#63;  He ordered mine at 20 weeks&#63;  He was very funny and personable.  Even when my husband was giving him a hard time because my husband wanted to induce labor when we hit 41 weeks, Dr. Racine found a way to calm him down and let him know that as long as I was healthy and the baby wasnt under duress he would just have to wait it out. The next day after my son was born he came to check on me, and spent a good 20 minutes talking with us about the baby and our options for having more children in the future (we are an older couple).  I really like Dr. Racine and I would recommend him to anyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	-1	Dr. Racine was my first OB for my first child.After 2 visits, I requested a doctor change. His staff didnt seem surprised nor did they ask any questions as to why. He had a horrible bedside manner. Said &quot;women have been having children for 1000's of years, you are no different&quot; and didn't believe in ultrasounds so he refused to order one. Something to the effect of not wanting his patients to trust a machine's image confirming his care. Based on conversations with nurses and doctors I saw afterward and with my 2nd child, they stated that his years of service and knowledge in the field was well known but they had received a lot of new patients because of his disparaging comments on the their condition. The former may be true, but it was hard to justify his blunt dialogue and obnoxious behavior which seemed unnecessary and scornful. Why practice when your cynicism affects your patient relationship&#63; If you are providing care, you should demonstrate some...  	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
40	-1	I went to Dr. Racine because I was having a lot of pain during sex. He was so rude. He acted like I was wasting his time. I finally had to just ask him if he could check and make sure everything was ok. He tossed the paper gown on the table and said &quot;hurry up and change&quot; and walked out leaving the door open. When he got back he quickly and ROUGHLY checked me then said &quot;well nothings wrong.&quot; I told him again about the pain and he actually had the nerve to say &quot;well pain during sex is better than no sex at all.&quot; and laughed about it. He got up and just walked out. I didn't even know if we were all done or what. Finaly the nurse came in and said &quot;oh are you still here&#63; um..I guess your done.&quot; I left in tears. I have been to many doctors since all this and Dr. Racine is by far the worst doctor I have EVER been to.  Turns out I have a lot of serious medical problems that wouldn't be so bad if he would have only taken the time to test for something, ANYTHING for that matter! 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
40	-1	I highly recommend that if you currently have him or have him to choose from that you STAY AWAY!He is more concerned about his self. When going into the appointments I was yelled at for letting him know about pain that I was in and he proceeded to go on about his own pain and how I should be happy that mine was only temporary. I was also threated that I should not make it so he didn't want to see me. I'm post term and went into the LD one night to make sure everything was ok with me and with the baby because of a decrease in fetal movement and stomach cramping. After finding out that I was dilated to one with no contractions I was sent home only to go to a doctors appointment the next day and be yelled at for going to LD. He would not look into a possible problem with my pelvis and I'm to the point where I can no longer walk. I've never gotten into an appointment on time. Each time I've waited 40+ min. I wish anyone who does choose him as their doctor the best of luck. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	I have been meaning to write this review for a month now, and while usually I'll just forget about it altogether, I'm compelled to come back and let everyone in Irvine know this is the best dentist EVER.    In fact, this is the best dental OFFICE ever, too.  The staff is friendly, calm and reasonable.  Dr. Rajabi is no-nonsense, while being really friendly and practical.    Instead of doing a root canal, Dr. Roberts suggested something else (a pulp cap) in order to save me money and pain.  It worked!  Where he could have charged me thousands, he saved me thousands instead.  For a girl without dental insurance, that's magical.    And the procedure was relatively pain free. Love the friendly and caring staff. They are very knowledgeable and they truly care for your dental health as well as your pocket 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
41	0	Dr Rajabi Is the WORST dentist in Irvine when It comes to a nervous child. My daughter needed to have a tooth removed and a cavity filled. She was very nervous because this was her first experience, The so called Dentist said that he didn't have the time to deal with her and to take her some were else. I will do everything in my power to make sure that this idiot doesn't traumatize another child, PARENTS what ever you do avoid this Dentist. 	4	4	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	Best dental experience and the best money I ever spent. I would not trust my teeth with anyone else ever. If you want the best and honest, he is the dentist for you. Staff are also great and very accomodating. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	1	My family and I continue to see Dr. Rackett because he's a terrific doctor, but he has not once run on time in all the years we've known him. Even 1st appt of the day doesn't work as he arrives late. Frustrating. Other than that, he's great. 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	Has been treating me for a recurring problem for a couple of years. Has tried different approaches. None has been very effective, but my ilness is under control. After I insisted, gave me a pill to treat fungus in the nails that really worked. Dr.Scott is very pleasant and well mannered.  	5	5	4	4 	Insurance:Aetna
43	1	Amount paid is for two visits in 2007.  Dr. Rackett has been my doctor for a number of years now.  He is knowledgeable and runs an efficient office rarely keeping me waiting longer than 15 or 20 minutes.  I recommend him highly.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	1	answered all my questions ... and was very detailed and organized.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
44	1	Dr. Radovic did an awesome job! He performed my bunion surgery to correct a procedure I had done by a different podiatrist. I would recommend him to anyone who has any type of foot issue. I know how daunting it can be to find a doctor you truly trust, Dr.  Radovic is THAT doctor! 	 1/16/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
44	-1	Worst doctor I've ever seen.  I went to him to get my heel injury checked out, he gave me a boot to wear, and I was on crutches at the time, so I didn't walk on the boot, when I got off the crutches, I started walking on the boot and it was twisting my ankle, so I went to get the boot check out to see if he sold me a defected boot, he ended up charging me for a visit to look at the product he sold me, after that, he tried to sell me more products.  He also got very pissed off that I went to get a second opinion and gave me the wrong diagnostic.   Don't go to this doctor! 	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
44	1	I went ahead with the laser treatment for toe nail fungus after seeing Dr. Radovic on The Doctors TV show.  And honestly couldn't be happier with the results! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	1	Not sure why some of the other reviews had so many problems, makes me wonder about their validity. I had bunion problems for years and was very hesitant to go in for surgery. After doing A LOT of research I went in for a consultation with Dr. Radovic. Not only was he extremely knowledgable but his bedside manner put me at ease about the operation. Two months later and I couldn't be happier with the results!!! If you are having any type of foot problems do yourself a favor and go see Dr. Radovic, you won't regret it.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	1	I can not say enough about Dr. Radovic and his wonderful staff. I had severe problems with my feet and had gone to four doctors before I met with Dr. Radovic. I had a golf ball sized bunion on my left foot that was surgically removed. My recovery from surgery was much easier than I thought. Dr. Radovic was kind, professional and  I would highly recommend him to anyone with foot problems.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
44	-1	this guy is the worst doctor i have ever seen in my entire life. i had a surgery july 2008. right now is august 2009. my ankle feels at least 10 times worse than before the surgery. i have no idea what he did to my ankle. he has no idea what he did to my ankle. the other day he called me offering to reduce my outstanding bill (i am paying monthly payment since the final cost was 10 times more than the original estimate) if i remove my negative feedbacks. he didnt even show up after the surgery to tell me what he did to my ankle. he was already on to the next surgery. avoid this guy, unless u want to waste your time and money. now i have to find someone to correct whatever he did to my ankle.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	1	I had a severe hammertoe and bunion when I came to see this doctor.  Surgery check-in time was scheduled for 10:00 AM, but the doctor didn't arrive at the surgical center until about 2:00 PM, and by the time I was prepped for surgery, I'd been waiting nearly five hours. I had considerable pain and swelling for months afterward, and the doctor offered no help with that.  About two months post-surgery, his office staff mailed me a toe splint to pull down the hammertoe — they sent me the wrong size.  The hammertoe was never pinned — it continues to be raised considerably higher than the other toes. The great toe is still bent sideways, and there is still a mild bunion.  I am now scheduled to do a complete corrective surgery with another podiatrist to redo the effects of the first surgery.  	1	1	3	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	1	She is a wonderful doctor for both of my kids. She has a lot of patience and knowledge. She's is sincere and sympathetic towards the needs of my kids. I truly recommend her to all. Almost everything is positive about this doctor &amp; if I had to select something negative, it would be the wait time. The way I see it is that the only reason for the wait time is that so many of us want our kids to be seen by her and she never rushes you through appointments. My family loves her, she truly is a great doctor. The only reason why I write my comments is to help give other parents peace of mind when selecting the right doctor for their kids. Something that is hard to come by. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	She is very good.  Check all my kids throughly and fully.  She controlled my daughter asthma.  I don't mind waiting if she is going to take care of my childrens needs.   :) 	3	2	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
45	1	I cant wait 3 days just for an appointment then another 1.5 hours on appointment day.  	1	1	3	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	Fantastic doctor.  Caring and knowledgable.  Treated my thyroid better than any doctor had in the past.  Great website too.  Check it out at www.DrYoshi.com 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
47	1	Office staff in Poway are rude and sometimes incompetent 	1	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
47	1	Very nice staff.  great doctors. Had to wait a couple of months to get in to be seen.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
47	1	Excellent physician with great bedside manner as well.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
48	1	Dr. Radfar has done dental work on my entire family. He is very gental and has taken the fear out of going to the Dentist. His staff is amazing and treats every patient as if they are part of their family. I highly recommend his office. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	You will love Dr.Radfar and Dr.Haddad! Make an appointment and see for yourself! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	Dr. Dar Radfar and Dr. Georgia Hadaad are AMAZING PEOPLE.  I am a patient of Dr. Radfar and I have been so impressed with him.  I can't say enough about how I've been treated.  I'm not only a completely satisfied with my stunning smile (still in progress) but Dr. Radfar is also a dentist.  Having a one stop shop has been just fantastic.  He's very understanding, doesn't hurt when he gives injections and is constantly working hard to make my smile the biggest priority.  I'm so lucky to have found him.  I hope you all get the chance to meet him and get the smiles of your dreams, like I'm doing.  Invisalign is a perfect situation for an adult wanting the perfect smile and nobody can even see them.  It's an amazing technology. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	Best Fam. Dentistry EVER!I have been a patient since I was single and since Drs. Haddad &amp; Radfar started out in the valley by where I live over ten years ago.I'm now married with 2 children &amp; I'm still a patient along with my husband &amp; kids.This husband &amp; wife team have the most gentile touch where I confess,I find going there and sitting in the chair an escape where I have fallen asleep numerous times while Dr. Haddad was working on my teeth;Same with my son while getting 4 molars extracted for his braces by Dr. Radfar.My 4 year old daughter looks forward to going there to play with the toys and read the children's books.The staff is super friendly &amp; the atmosphere is professional yet more like an upscale beauty salon than a Dental Office.I'm still in the valley &amp; I don't mind the drive because it's all worth it.The name Smiles is very true because everyone is smiling when we walk in &amp; as we leave we are usually smiling too!They take most insurance &amp; payment plans. Easy:(805)DENTIST. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	I love going to Dr. Radfar. Unfortunately he doesn't accept my insurance so he will allow normal exams to be free but any other services are more expensive. He is soooo nice.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
49	0	. always cancelling your appointments and rescheduling 3-4 months later 	5	4	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	1	KNOWLEDGEABLE 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
51	1	patient, direct, 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	. EXCELLENT CARE! I was treated with the outmost care, respect, and dignity! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
52	1	Dr. Meetinder Rai is an absolutely amazing doctor! She and her husband are both doctors, so our entire family sees them. Dr. Meetinder Rai is my doctor and Dr. Nirmal Rai is my husband's doctor. They are both extremely nice. Dr. Meetinder Rai is very knowledgeable and the best doctor I have ever been to. I would recommend her to everyone. She is so nice, and returns my calls promptly at anytime of the day or night. She is the hardest working doctor I have ever seen. She is absolutely dedicated to her patients and pleasant to be around! She is just the sweetest thing in the world, and she dresses so cute, she has amazing fashion sense, I would vote her the most stylish doctor! I was extremely ill recently and she came to the hosspital at 3:30 A.M. and treated me and answered all of my family's questions. Both of the Doctor Rais have saved the lives of several of our family members. I'm going to name my niece after DR. Meetinder Rai and nephew after Dr. Nirmal Rai! Thanks Dr. Rai! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
52	-1	i agree with the other complaint. i suggested prescriptions and she wrote them up without a 2nd thought. she couldnt wait to get me and other patients out of there. (04/2010) rebecca (a receptionist/med asst) gave out another patients information to a 18yo boy who came in saying he needed information about his girlfriend. three other patients and i watched as she did this. and dr. rai was notified and didnt seem to care. (or thats what she showed) there was no apology to other patients or disciplinary action taken. this had been the worst clinic/dr ofc i have ever seen. there is no upgrades in this facility and almost NO privacy. i would never recommend this dr ofc to anyone. i have reported what has happened. this upsets me very much.   :( 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
52	-1	This woman should not be a doctor. She never listens to the patient and always diagnosis the wrong thing. I sprained my ankle and she put me on a breathing treatment and prescribed me penecilin. Another time, I had a big hump on my neck and she said it was a lump of fat. It kept getting bigger so I went back and she decided to have me get a mri. Then she sent me to a surgeon and he said the mass had to come out immidiatley. She acts like she hates her job and she acts like the patients are annoying her. I kept going to her thinking it was just me but when I did have my neck surgery one of the nurses told me I should get a new doctor as soon as possible.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
53	1	Very gentle and good bedside manner.  He is a very friendly person and good dentist. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	Dr R is one of the better dentists I've had in my life.  I went to an office and they used this funky machine and said I had 10 cavities.  I went to Dr R and he was very honest and strait forward with me, I apreciated that.  I go to his office all the way from Compton, but its worth it. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	I had a great visit there.  Dr. R got me in and out really fast, i didn't have to miss too much work.  He's also very friendly and informative, and was very honest which is rare.  Great staff also!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
53	-1	Staff and Doctor was not professional and didn't take time to go over in detail the treatment plan.  	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Delta Dental
54	1	Dr. Rajan is one of the few medical doctors I admire, trust and like. He is extremely knowledgeable, kind and proactive. He gets hospital staff to follow his orders and takes care of the patient.  I wish he had more specialties or could be my family's primary care doc! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
55	1	Dr. Rajabi is the best DDS ever. I had a really bad tooth that needed to be extracted n he did it wo any pain and minimum pressure. He's soft spoken and very nice. He made this scary experience such a smooth one. I was shaking in my pants and his DA and him made everything better. I will recommend Dr.  Rajabi to all my friends and family HE'S AWESOME!!! thank you Doc for such a painless experience 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
55	1	Dr. Rajabi is a knowledgeable and caring doctor.  I have been going to him for over two years now and will go back again.  	4	5	4	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
55	-1	Cold - mean - rubs my gum and asks, is this where it hurts&#63;  I say yes, and he keeps rubbing it for 2 minutes.  It hurts enough - he'd didn't need to keep it up.  	3	1	3	1 	Insurance:Delta Dental
56	1	Excellent dentist and good staff. Very straightforward in regards of billing and cost. I recommend him highly.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
56	1	I just had my 1st visit with Dr. Radaideh after he was recommended by a friend. First of all it started out great because he takes appointments on Fridays! I went it for a basic consultation and cleaning. Dr. Radaideh was very thorough, friendly, and honest. He never tried to up sell me on frivolous products and services, but did effectively answer all of my questions. A nice experience and reasonable prices.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
56	1	During my research for a good dentist, I came across a patient of Dr.Radaideh, who strongly recommends him, which prompted me to make an appointment to see him. I'm glad that I did because Dr.Radaideh and his staff are Very Professional and Cordial. Even the receptionist is nice. Anyhow, I like their work and highly recommend them! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
56	-1	One week after having filling placed, filling came out.  Back molar filling and tooth broke after repair.  In pain for 4 mos. with Dr. saying pain was normal and would subside.  Front tooth filling came out in less than 1 year. The $600 paid was my portion and not the total amt. of bill and was told I would have to pay additional for repair of work done.  Not pleased with any work done and now having to pay substantial out of pocket for disrepair.  	2	2	2	2 	Insurance:Anthem
56	1	Dr. Radaideh is an excellent Dentist.  Excellent visits. Highly recommend him to anyone. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
56	-1	He told me he would charge me $150.00 for each filling. After he filled the 7 cavities I was charged $1593.00. I went to another dentist to get a second appinion and was told he had only filled 5 cavities. This man is a con. 	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	I have been seeing Dr. Radaideh since he started his practice . My impression about him is that he is vey well trained and compassionate doctor who listens to his patients attentively.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
56	1	Dr. Radaideh is an execellent dentist.All my family been treated as roylaties in his practice.We trust him,We ve been going to him for the last 8 years.I strongly recommend him as the Dentist Of Choice.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
56	-1	This man gave me an original price of $400.00 and did the work, it then went to $960.00. It then went to over $2500.00. All for the same work. I am now going to take him to small claims court.  	1	3	1	2 	Insurance:Delta Dental
57	-1	The staff is very rude, unprofessional, and charged me for something I didn't need to pay for. They never explained any of the options I had, which I thought was very inconsiderate. They never offered any advice as to how one should keep their teeth healthy. The dentist and his old hag of a secretary raised their voice at me also, which was very RUDE, especially since my kids were standing right there. I've never felt so uncomfortable in a dentists office. They belittle you. The dentist basically ripped me off. The service SUCKS. I wouldn't recommend anyone to him. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	Hands down the best doctor Ive seen in YEARS! Doesnt only just know his stuff, but listens and is willing to spend more that 5 minutes on a patient. Makes you feel like a human and not just some number to be punched until his next appointment.  Dr Raber will be my only doctor until either he retires or I kick the bucket! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
58	1	Dr. Raber was patient and kind when seeing my husband and son, he researched items and he and his personal nurse called us to follow up to make sure things were going good. When our last doctor retired we had a hard time finding someone that we felt comfortable with but we finally found that comfort again with Dr. Rauber. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
59	-1	.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
59	-1	I made a call 2 weeks ago to this office.  Was asked numerous questions by the girl answering phone regarding my son's situation. I was told I would receive a call back with an appt. time.  For 2 weeks I heard nothing.  I called and left numerous messages asking for a call back.  If they weren't going to see my son, please let me know so I could locate another doctor.  I finally reached someone this morning and very unprofessionally was told they just found out they aren't accepting new patients.  Horrible experience with someone who is supposed to be a professional in the medical/mental illness field.  Glad we didn't make it thru.  After reading other reviews, it would have been a negative experience all the way around.  This &quot;doctor&quot; should be ashamed of the way in which she &quot;runs&quot; a business. 	 11/1/11	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
59	1	Dr. Raghavan is a great doctor. I had been overmedicated by another psychiatrist in this area and was a zombie. After 3 months with Dr. Raghavan I can actually lead a normal life again. Office can be busy but I think that is normal for a good psychiatrist.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
59	-1	I saw this doctor over a period of about 6 months and initially she was o.k. other than her aloofness. Then came the most unprofessional and disappointing medical experience of my life. I hadn't seen the doctor in about 2 months and came in her office in a decent mood. Unprovoked, she was incredibly hostile and started barraging me about how I was just making excuses (I had made none, I just wanted a change of medication due to bad side effects and I was very polite about this!). She claimed that she was just &quot;being harsh&quot; today, but she went way overboard. I understand everyone has bad days but there is never an excuse to take this out on a patient, especially in mental health. She then, for no logical reason I can comprehend, DISCHARGED ME! I can understand if I was hostile and non-compliant, but wanting new medication after being on it for a couple months and getting poor results is a ridiculous reason to discharge someone. Simply no compassion and poor bedside manner.  	 4/23/11	2	4	1	Insurance:Anthem
59	0	I was a patient of Dr. Raghavan for over 3 years and she always ran 30 - 45 minutes behind schedule. She also refused to answer any of my questions over the phone, even if it was simple in nature. Instead, her staff said I needed to schedule an appointment to speak to her in person, which seemed like an unnecessary co-pay. Her current office staff isn't as competent, organized or friendly as her previous employees. Other than a few hours each day, it's almost impossible to reach them on the phone. If I ever left a message, I would have to follow-up because receiving a timely return call was rare. Most concerning was when I tried to reach the Dr. directly with an urgent matter, she wasn't able to return my call for almost 48 hours. Because of these reasons, I do not reccomend Dr. Raghavan.  	3	1	2	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
59	-1	Doctor refused treatment to a patient without prior notification, which I believe is illegal and certainly unethical. It was a very bad experience.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
59	-1	Don't ever go to Dr. Raghavan.  She is the rudest, worst physician ever.  Run as fast as you can the other direction. 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
59	1	I took my adult daughter to this doctor after she was overmedicated by another doctor in the area to the point where she was a zombie.  Dr. Raghavan is working with her to ween off the drugs and move to just 2 that are necessary to control her bi-polar disease. Dr. R. is instrumental in making my daughter's life better.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
59	0	This woman misdiagnosed me for 4 years.  The meds she made me take, made me ill.  My MD finally overtook my HEALTH.  I eventually lost the 45 pounds and am still losing.  I am a moderate diabetic now and am on gluchophage.  I was the only person in my entire family to NOT be adult onset Diabetic until this Quack had her way. She was always toooooooooooo good to write the ONE LETTER WHICH MIGHT HAVE SAVED MY JOB! She always ragged on my Employer, and tried to manipulate me opinions of it.  She NEVER YET has furnished my chart.  I got committed for 14 days and she would NOT EVEN RETURN MY CALLS&gt;  after four years of her ****, I found a new Dr. he has diagnosed me differently, w/different meds and I am good as gold once again. DO NOT GO TO THIS ****!  YOU WILL LIVE TO BE SORRY,  TRUST ME ON THIS!  YOU WOULD BE BETTER OFF TO SWIM WITH A GREAT WHITE.  CHANCES ARE, YOU WON'T BE BITTEN, BUT IF YOU ARE, YOU WILL DIE QUICKLY AND NOT SUFFER FOR FOUR YEARS WITH STIGMATA! 	4	4	3	2 	Insurance:Unknown
59	-1	It would be helpful for the office to return phone calls and could accurately book appointments.  I would also appreciate accurate billing. When I got an appointment booked for a time when the doctor was in the office, she herself was fine for that 10 minutes. I get a rude letter from the office informing me that she would be withdrawing medical service without even the giving an reason why. I would not go to her for any reason.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	1	Caring doctor.Very knowledgable and professional.Office staff have been helpful.I have been with this psychiatrist for the last year and have no complaints.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
59	-1	I have had a good relationship with Dr. Raghavan for 3 years. Today she called me out of the blue screaming about a letter she received from my health insurance company. She said she was “livid” because Health Net accused her of unlawfully billing for services not rendered. I said I would contact the insurance to get more information and try to reconcile the situation. Then she hung up on me. It is possible Health Net made mistake, however, the call from Dr. Raghavan was unprofessional at the least and bordered on abusive. She should have called the insurance company; instead she took her frustration out on me. I am now looking for a new doctor. I would not be surprised to find other patients that have experienced similar incidences with her. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
59	1	A true professional and cares about patient beyond the call of duty.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
59	1	Dr. Raghavan is a lovely, caring, knowledgeable physician. She takes time to find out what the underlying problems are with gentle probing questions.  I have always felt that she is a great supporter when times are rough.  She is not afraid to change medications if something is not working.  She is also not afraid to speak her mind when the need arises (that means a gentle kick in the butt)!  There is some waiting in the reception area, but not for excessive amounts of time.  Her staff (Jackie and Nicole) are well-informed and helpful.  I was recommended to her from someone else and have been completely happy with her.  She no longer accepts Medicare, though.  It doesn't matter how long you've been with her, there is no acceptance of Medicare anymore.  A lot of doctors are doing this as the payments from Medicare are so poor.  Payment for treatment is expected at the time of service, no wishy-washy &quot;I forgot my wallet or my checkbook&quot; kind of stuff.  They collect it ahead of time.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	1	Dr. Raghavan is so down to earth and caring.  I have found that her prescriptions for me are &quot;right on&quot;. She has a great knowledge of causes and reasons!  I can't imagine having to find another psychiatrist.  I've seen 3 others and for various reasons (moved, etc.) have changed doctors, but have never felt that I could completely open up to any of them until Dr. Raghavan.  I would recommend her to anyone.  The office staff is all new.  Give them a chance to become acquainted with a new office and procedures under Dr. Raghavan's instruction.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
59	1	I like Dr. Raghavan, but she has the most disorganized and poorly run practice I've experienced.First, I received bills for payments I had made.When I tried to fix this, there was no record of my payments, so I had to get a copy of the check to prove it.Then, I needed a form for disability insurance filled out.After loosing the first 3, and my insurance being denied for 3 months because of this, I stayed to get my own copy so I could fax it.Next, they moved the office and did not notify me.I showed up for my appointment only to find that there was no practice there.Last time, I still had a 3 month refill on my prescription, so I did not get a new one.  She said to just have the pharmacy request it.  Upon doing that, I got a call saying that I needed to come in again before she'll refill it. I had already gotten a call that day asking to change my appointment, which was in a week.The receptionist had written my appointment in wrong time slot anyway, so I would have needed to change it.  	1	2	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
60	-1	This dr. is physco. He mixes his religious belief's with his work. I felt very uncomfortable with his conversation. He is very unprofessional. I would not recommend him to ANYONE!! 	1	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	Dr. Rahn is the best Chiropractor that I have been to. He spends close to an hour massaging/adjusting...not just a quick adjustment that the other Chiropractors I've been to give. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	He's a great chiropractor and knows his stuff.  Much of his work is done with massage as well as the traditional chiropractic maneuvers.  He was my lifesaver through my 2 pregnancies when I had severe pelvic discomfort. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	Dr. Rahim is an excellent Gastroenterologist. Very attentive and knowledgable.. If he had chilli peppers ranking he would gat a 4 chili pepper vote. :) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	I do NOT agree with the other ratings.  Dr. Raj is by far the most methodical, best Dr. I have ever had.  If there were any problems, they would be that she was not in the office all week and that other drs filling in for her were not always as experienced.  Again, she was excellent, wish I had the option of using her again.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	-1	She is too hard to understand due to the language barrier. She is also prejudice about overweight people. 	5	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
62	0	Each appointment I have made with a UC Davis doctor there has been some snafu.  From showing up and being told that I had no appointment despite a confirmation letter from them in hand, to waiting weeks for referrals to go through when the law clearly states I must have a referral completed within two weeks.  Dr. Raj's office mis-scheduled my appointment for a physical exam and scheduled me for a &quot;brief&quot; medication check.  I wasted 90 minutes, $20 copay, and being that I'm self-employed lost out on $180 I could have made seeing clients of my own only to be told by the doctor that I needed to re-schedule a full-physical.  I was very clear on the phone with the scheduling person that I needed a full physical exam.  A waste of time and very frustrating.  	1	1	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
63	1	Dr. Stivi is an exceptionally caring, resourceful, intelligent, physician with a great staff and clean office.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
64	1	While not usually on time (what doctor is&#63;), she made you feel like you were her only patient that day once she finally gets to you. You never feel rushed or looked over. Dr.  Rahbar is patient, informative and very understanding of your crazy and irrational needle fears! I'd see her again, but I hope I don't have to! 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
65	1	she i very lovely with kids and adult and also helpful. her diagnosis is much better than any other doctor I know. She has been our doctor for 15 years. Me my husband and my two suns are very happy to have such a caring doctors.   god bless her 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
65	1	very knowedgeble and classy dr.me ad my kids adore her very much. her secretary is very punctuate and the waiting time is 5 to 10 minutes. amazing. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
65	-1	.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
66	-1	Staff very in friendly an in helpful I don't think they realize without those of us that do not FEEL well they would not have a JOB it's like going to the calif DMV 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	Did two surgeries for me and his PA's were great. Beverly Perry for the cervical surgery and Lisa Mendez for the lumbar surgery. I was pleased with the outcome so far and it's been 16 mos since the neck surgery and 10 mos since the low back surgery.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
67	1	. Este doctor curo de mis pies de Los talones de anbos 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	1	Very good doctor would recommend her to anyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
69	1	I actually went in to try and see if he could help me with a revision rhinoplasty. I don't know if he did not accept me because it was a difficult case or just doesn't like hispanics. Overall i don't really care since i didn't pay a consultation fee. But he seems too of a rookie. 	4	1	4	3 	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	He is my fave doctor!!!  He built a good communicative relationship when I thought no doctor could.  He is straight forward the best word to describe him is Communicative. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
71	1	Dr Rader is a FANTASTIC Dentist! He was willing to spend the time needed to anwser all of my questions. The quality of his work is OUTSTANDING! He  showed me some of the before and after pictures of patients he's treated. The difference he has made in his patints quality of life is beyond believe! He's made me a patient for life! His team is very friendly and Knowledgeable. I didn't even have to wait to be seated! Dr Rader's office is very modern and clean. If you want to be treated with respect and the BEST quality of care, Dr Rader is the dentist for you! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	Before Dr Rabinowitz I could only see about 20/400 without correction. Now I am applying to fire departments which have very strict eyesight requirements. He is very business like and he won't sugar  coat anything, but if you wasn't the best he is your Dr and his staff are the greatest, they worked so hard and made so my insurance played for everything.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
72	1	After years of being dependant on glasses and contact lenses I wake up every morning seeing the world clearly after Dr. Rabinowitz performed the LASIK procedure on me. Every day I think about what a wonderfull gift he gave me. He was professional, concerned, gave me lots of his time and was always available to me for questions. During the surgery he made me feel very comfortable. I am happy to give him the highest recommendation of any doctor I have ever seen. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
72	-1	he is terrible and hacked up my eyes.  When I would do my follow-ups he stated I was a &quot;slow healer&quot; and when, after a year had gone by, nothing changed he blamed it on me.  He is very aloof and treats you as if you are an idiot if you don't agree with what he says.  Real god complex with this guy.  In the end he passed me off on some intern who gave me a regular glasses exam.  &quot;is this better or is this better&quot;.  The results of the exam showed that he was wrong and I couldn't see so he suggested I go get contacts, which is what I went to see him TO GET RID OF!      This guy is a complete moron.  Stay away for your own safety. 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	One of a kind dentist. He treats everyone with care no matter what kind of insurance they have. He will not puch you to do unnecessary work. My kids love him and even though I moved from the area, we still drive 80 miles for our dental appointments. Highly recommended, go see for yourself! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
74	-1	this guy is a wackjob 	4	4	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
75	1	I have never had a problem getting in for an appointment, always willing to discuss and questions/concerns I may have and staff are amazing! 	5	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
75	1	He was a godsend to my parents when they were palliative....just 4 months apart.  Even helped me,  as a physician cared for me too even though I was from out of province.  Caring, compassionate....an angel. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
75	1	He saved my life!!! (more than once)  He has no problem referring you onto a specialist and quickly.  Always get in when needed, never had a problem booking appointment.  Very, very caring, approachable and understanding.  A real advocate for his patients!  Friendly, helpful staff too.  5 is not a high enough rating! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
75	1	Never seems to interested in me. Always in a hurry to get me out.I am Rarely in but when I am I always feel like I am being a nuisance. 	4	5	2	5 	Insurance:Unknown
75	-1	Terrible. Phone always busy. Takes days or weeks to even book appointment. More eager to get you out than get you in. Refuses to grant referrals to specialists. Takes weeks to fax a single document to another doctor. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
75	1	He is an excellent and very caring doctor with a wonderful bedside manner. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
76	-1	When you see a doctor for the first time and he says &quot;did someone call for a plumber&quot; in regards to catheterizing your 6 year old son that was the first red flag for me. My son was traumatized during the whole procedure and so was I. His bedside manner was inappropriate and made me and my son feel uncomfortable. My son had to have a catheter put in for 2 other procedures by a different 2 different people at 2 different facilities and there was no issue during those times. My son was not in any pain at the other facilities. When Dr. Raffel put the catheter in it seemed like it was shoved up the urethra without any regard for my child. Hope this info helps someone in the near future. We are NEVER going back there. 	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
77	1	No problem. Very personable. Makes referrals. And the front office staff is very nice and helpful this is a rarity in most Dr's Offices today.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
78	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	Our son had to have a major heart surgery 5 days after he was born.  Dr. Raff was so confident (in a good way) in his abilities to be able to take care of our son.  He was very honest and was very professional.  Our son has to have 2 more surgeries to complete what is necessary to &quot;fix&quot; what he has.  I am so glad that we have Dr. Raff to work on our son.  We would not trust anyone else but Dr Raff and his staff to work on our son.  He saved our son and he will always have a place in our hearts and our sons.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
79	1	Dr. Raff is a very good surgeon.  Our son had TAPV, and Dr. Raff did his B T shunt. I always felt confident in Dr. Raff's abilities, that he would do his best. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	Very Kind.  Really cares.  Always listens.  Often late but he has always given me as much time as my medical problems require.  Gave me his cell phone for emergenicies - though I have never called it. Extremely thorough and focuses on preventive care and screening exams. What I am most happy with is they have real people aswering the phone.  With the last several doctors I have had, I most often had to leave a message on an answering machine.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
80	-1	At first we were impressed, he can come across as very kind, listened well at first. I had met him while working in the medical field and we at first felt lucky to have him be our doctor. After 2 visits that went well (I thought) we got a letter saying to find a new doctor, even though we had just been there they didn't warn us that was coming at all. When I called for an explanation I got 3 different stories and one staff said the doctor personally said he didn't want to treat us anymore. We were shocked, humiliated, and saddened by this event. I felt like it was done very unprofessionally. To this day I can't even stand to hear about him. They should realize what this does to patients who have chronic illnesses and have to keep starting over again with someone new. It's hard enough to trust again without this happening! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	A person on his staff was not helpful and withheld information from me and Drs. nurse.  I was in a lot of pain at the time and the Doctor sent me a letter and said &quot;find another doctor.&quot;  A friend of mine experienced the same problem, &quot;find another doctor.&quot;  He was never on time for appointments.  Sometimes I had to wait for over 2 hours.  	1	1	3	5 	Insurance:Medicare
80	1	Staff is polite, helpful and extremely caring. Dr. Rainsford and his P.A. are both very good and I always feel well taken care of when I go there.  	5	3	4	4 	Insurance:Medicare
80	1	Referred to Dr. Rainsford by Hospital Nursing staff.  His office has changed location and staff in the past year. He has added a PA. He is in the hospital a lot.  I don't mind seeing the PA in the clinic (She is good).  As long as he is there when I need him in the hospital.  I am often in the hospital.  He is never on time but he is worth it.  His PA is usually on time.  We are happy with his care and have referred our freinds to him.  	4	3	5	4 	Insurance:Medicare
81	-1	ive been a patient of dr.raikhel for almost a year.honestly for me this dr is not good shes very unprofessional and rude with her staff.i feel like she dont care about anything else her office manager honestly i dont know what shes still doing there she is the rudest office manager ive seen. her staff including her pas are WONDERFUL without them the office wouldnt be there.i would not recommend this dr at all im sorry but she is just really unprofessional when it comes to waiting to see her 2-230 hrs is too much to be waiting but the pas arent that much to wait for i seriously dont understand how she herself became a dr,drs are professionals and office managers too they need to talk to this dr or suspend her license. 	5	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
81	0	I have been a patient of Dr. Raikhel's since she started her practice in Torrance almost 20 years ago - yet, I will not wait more than 2 weeks to see her, and then once at the appt to see her, she doesn't even show up.  Kristen and Susie are both great Physician Assistants but if I make an appt. to see the doctor, she should be there to see me.  After the New Year, my family will be looking for a new doctor.  	3	1	3	3 	Insurance:CIGNA
81	0	Very inefficient office staff and rude office manager. They moved their office last year without notifying patients. Doctor is empathetic but rather patronizing. Usually a short wait to see a physician assistant, but long wait for the doctor.  	2	2	2	3 	Insurance:CIGNA
81	1	I thought Dr. Raikhel was an okay doctor. I really loved the other doctor in the office, Kristen. She is super nice and very down-to-earth. I felt very comfortable with her. I have had to wait a long time in the waiting room quite a few times, which I guess is kind of normal for a doctors office.  	4	3	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
81	-1	. Very unprofetional and very careless of patient and very unknowledgeable 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
81	1	SHE IS VERY GOOD AND WANTS TO MAKE HER PATIENTS WELL .  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
81	1	Excellent physician.  Office messy and disorganized.  Not unusual to wait more than 2 hrs. for a scheduled appointment. 	3	1	3	5 	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	I am happy with the care I get from this small office. Although I am a fairly new patient, I am treated as if I have been there for years. Unfortunatley, I have yet to meet Dr. Raikhel herself, but her PA Kristen has been wonderful to me. The medical and office staff are kind and helpful. The only thing I dislike is that the waiting room is a bit cramped and sometimes there is a longer wait to be called comparing to most doctors offices.  		3	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
81	1	During my visit I felt that I was treated very well.I would absolutely recommend this doctor to my family and friends.  I felt this visit was a big help.Overall I would rate this visit : good. 		2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	He gets to the root of the problem.  Talks you through everything and is very easy to understand and to talk to.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
82	1	Dr.Raiman is the best diagnostician in the world.  I had seen more than 20 doctors in the past 8 years and I was misdiagnosed with various ailments and put on wrong medications. I was about to giveup when a friend recommended me to see him. He thought about the  diagnosis on the first visit and ordered the correct blood test, and on the folow up visit nailed the diagnoses. He is the best doctor ever.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
82	1	Amazing doctor. I just became a patient and was so impressed with his interest in getting to know me as a person, not just another patient in the &quot;mill.&quot;  He listened to my concerns and was very thorough in his evaluation. A++++.  Wonderful! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
82	-1	Hi,    Ive been using Dr Raiman for 4 years now.  I haven't had an issue up until now.  I have a quick question about a prescription that the I asked the doctor to call me about.    After the first attempt the doctor nor anyone else called me back.  After the second attempt I was told the doctor is very busy and he might not call you back.  After the third attempt to get the doctor to call me back for a 5 minute conversation, I was told this on the phone.    &quot;If you want to know this, and you want to know that, this probably isnt the medical clinic for you&quot;    This was told to me because apparently I was asking too many questions about my health and about getting the doctor to call me back.  This was told to me by the doctors main scheduler and problem solver.    So let me get this straight.  If I have a general question about my health status, and I ask the doctor or staff to answer that question, then its not the correct facility for me.  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
82	1	Amazing doctor and staff. Very concerned for your overall health. Great bedside manner as well.  Top rate all the way! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
82	0	He's an OK doctor, but tried to bill for a shot we never received.  Had a difficult time to get it resolved.  	2	3	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
83	1	Excellent physician, who always has time for me and all my questions. Gives wonderul selfless service to all. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
83	-1	Very rude and made patient feel dirty/lectured on unprotected sex. 		3	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	Dr. Rab is wonderful! He is great with our daughter who suffered from broken legs in a terrible car accident! His staff mirrors his care and concern for his patients! Our family feels blessed to have him as a doctor! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	He's been my Dr for five years and he's been great and now he's my children Dr. As well. I love him because he's been really helpful and he's always there when u need him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	i adore Dr Rabago! He helped me through some issues with my cervix and always explained things in a manner which i could understand! He also guided me through my pregnancy and i was totally comfortable asking him even the sillist questions! he never made me feel stupid about asking a million questions either like other doctors have! he was dead on with my daughters wait and due date! he said i think she will be a little over 7lbs and a day or two past her due date.. sure enough! 7.3 and 25hours past her due date here she was! my daughter has a cyst under her tongue and instead of popping it himself Dr Rabago wants to make 100% sure its ok and send her to a specialst.  i love that when he isnt a 100% he double checks! he isnt afriad to make sure! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
86	1	Dr. Shawn and his staff did the extra paper work to help me with my insurance issues. He even stayed after hours to complete my dental treatment! Thx Dr. Shawn.  No more pain! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
86	-1	This office doesn't do a good job. I had to do a &quot;redue&quot; by another dentist. 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
86	-1	HOrrible do not go here. He is rude and doesn't do a good job. I had to do a &quot;redue&quot; by another dentist. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	. high tech office friendly staff and caring dentist 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Pacificare
86	-1	They do not provide services they charge you for and then try to collect funds fraudulently.  They charged my credit card for $2,120.00 without my signature and before any services were rendered.They billed insurance company for one amount and charged me a different amount.  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Aetna
87	1	Excellent doctor, very helpful and knowledgeable. Took time to listen and explained my condition to me with out rushing me out. Staff very polite and helpful.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
87	-1	I have a lot of experience being a patient, unfortunately, but I have never been treated as rudely on a regular basis from an office as I have by this office staff. This doctor was a last resort for me in an area that is very much hurting for GOOD neurologists. The best one moved. Dr. Rabiee is a nice man if you can get past his staff, but they are snobby, snotty, unfriendly, and they talk down to us like we are peasants. Every time I've been in a health crisis due to chronic illness they have scheduled me 6 months out and act like I should be grateful they even spoke to me. The Doctor himself is soft spoken and has never been rude but he is not very knowledgable in regard to my condition. Unfortunately, the nearest neurologist that is worth the time is 2.5 hours away or I would give this office up in a heart beat! If you have no choice he is the lesser of all evils in Redding for neurology but that's it. Two family members had lousy experiences here, too.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
87	-1	When I suggested to Dr. Rabiee that I did not believe I had MS but a spinal condition he told me&quot;if you do not like my diagnosis, find another doctor&quot;.  Which I did. 	2	1	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	Very empathetic and helpful.  Takes time to listen and seems to really care. 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	My children saw Dr. Rachmat for about 3 years, until we moved out of state.  Even though it has been over two years, she still remains our favorite doctor of all time!  Not only is she a skilled doctor who has a great report with children, she respected me as a parent, and was always willing to listen to me and make sure I understood my child's medical condition.  She went above and beyond for my kids many times - one time even calling me on her day off to follow up on my son's illness.  My son had a lot of health issues when we first started seeing Dr. Rachmat, and his previous pediatrician had not done much to improve my son's condition.  Dr. Rachmat, on the other hand, did everything possible to improve my son's health.  She gave us new medications, brought in other doctor's for consults, and referred us to specialists, when needed.  My son is virtually medicine-free now, and I believe the credit goes largely to Dr. Rachmat for this.   I cannot commend her enough! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
90	-1	Very unpleasant attitude, in fact I found him rude and distracted. Spent no time listening to my concerns. My wife had the same experience. Avoid him at all costs.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
91	-1	kept us waiting 3 hours past our appt time, then made us pay an additional $150 to tell results of cancer biopsy after we paid for the biopsy. He wont tell you if you have cancer unless you pay the $150 for another office call. They are unprofessional. They treat you time as unimportant. Officer staff was rude when we complained about the wait, understand we are sitting there waiting to hear the &quot;cancer&quot; word and they could care less. 	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	Wonderful doctor - very personal 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	wonderful physician. very caring and explained everything well. i have switched my entire family to him. he is truely one of a kind and I am very glad that I found him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
92	-1	I thought he took a lot of time to listen to my symptoms, but seemed slightly distracted and seemed as if he wasn't really listening to what I was saying. He didn't seem to care much about my concerns and passed everything off as &quot;normal&quot; even though I was clearly experiencing abnormal symptoms. He ordered blood tests and didn't even take the time to call me back to explain what the results were. His nurse called and told me he was putting me on a cholesterol medication without explaining why, what my numbers were, or ask if I had any questions. He didn't even know that with PCOS you don't have to have cysts to have the syndrome and wanted me to have an ultrasound to look for cysts, even after I had explained that I no longer had any. I would not recommend this doctor.  	5	5	1	3 	Insurance:Aetna
93	0	. EXTREMELY RUDE STAFF to the point that I will NEVER come back &amp; prefer to go to another physician 	1	3	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
93	1	Great doctor. She did take the time to explain things to me that my other GI docs did not. I feel so much better.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
93	1	Am very pleased with Dr. Rahimi and her staff. She takes time to listen and is VERY thorough. She has helped me make progress with a long-standing condition, and I finally have hope that an answer will be found. I'd recommend her for sure.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
93	-1	I did not like her.  She did not seem that knowledgeable.  She was unable to diagnose what was wrong with me and implied it was all psychological.  I will NEVER see her again.  When I finally was diagnosed by another specialist I realized how mediocre she is.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
93	0	Very well informed and seems to know her stuff. However, her front office staff is rude and disrespectful. I have never experienced such inept and snotty people work in a front office. I would find another doctor just to have a better overall health care experience. 	1	1	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
93	-1	front office is too emotional they will twist and turn your words around and upset the doctor!!! She really needs a new staff.  Too many good Doctors around to deal with unprofessional behavior 	1	3	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
93	1	She is one of the best doctors I have used for my condition. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
93	1	She's the best ever.  So helpful and caring.  Her staff was so accomodating. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
94	1	Wonderful staff and doctor.  See perfectly now!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
95	1	great dentist. I did not know they still exist. honest guy who truly cares about his patients and their dental health. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
96	1	He is THE doctor to go to when no one else knows what they are doing.  He's the Dr House of northern CA.  Most other doctors in Monterey County use him as a reference...he's that good. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
97	1	Middle aged doctor. Courteous and considerate. Doesn't say a lot, but answers questions thoroughly. Very busy practice, but felt like he gave me his full attention without rushing. Very deliberate in his examination.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
98	1	She's a great doctor. She is very knowledgeable, straight forward, and helpful.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
99	1	Dr. Rabbany is truly an expert in his field.  Helped me come out of a serious L5-S1 herniated disk condition successfully.  I am 100% out of low back pain and living a normal, healthy life.  He is experienced, caring and his treatments are highly effective.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
100	-1	When I went to this Doctor for some health concerns he sent me for blood work. The Doctor asked me if I had eaten anything that day. I told him yes. At that point he said &quot;Well, if they ask you in the lab tell them no.&quot; Hmmmm.. I ask you how accurate would those test results have been&#63; 	5	3	1	1 	Insurance:Pacificare
100	1	. Very good and caring doctor 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
