dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	I could not have asked for a better experience!!  Dr. Baker is awesome!!  Because of her talents in her field I have so much more self confidence!!  I can't stop smiling!!  It is amazing what having a nice smile can do for you!  I highly reccommend Dr.Baker and her staff!  They are all like family to me now! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	Dr. Baker and her staff are few and far between. They are always courteous, prompt, friendly and always there for you (even in an emergency). Best of all their even open on Fridays, unlike most orthodontists and dentists these days. I recommend everyone I know that may have a need for braces to use her. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	Dr. Babino provided professional and knowledgable care, but her staff is the worst I have ever experienced in 68 years!  They are indifferent, rude, unprofesasional, and incompetent.  	1	3	4	5 	Insurance:Medicare
2	-1	The doctor is just fine.  I've been a patient since 2000.  In this time, I probably only saw a doctor 3 times.  All other times it was the NP.   The office staff is the WORST I've ever experienced.  I've been trying to call and make an appointment for 2 weeks now.  Nobody EVER answers the  phone.  Getting a straight answer out of anyone there is impossible.  I'm actually switching doctors because of the poor service.  	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	1	Dr. Babino is great.  I have been a patient since 2000 and haven't had a bad experience. She is thorough, professional, friendly and has a good bedside manner.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
2	-1	Doctor great-staff is amazingly inept. I have never seen anything like this in a professional office.  I had trying to get a simple answer to a question for 2 weeks and I finally drove over there yesterday and STILL could not get a straight answer from the office staff. Unbelievable....  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
2	1	I have been a patient since 1999 and have NOT had any bad experiences.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
2	1	Unlike the previous patrons who visited the office, I have been a Patient since 2001 and have had nothing but OUTSTANDING service.  Dr. Babino is personable, professional, extremely calm and knowledgeable in her specialty.  The Office Manager is efficient, thorough with great customer service.   I HIGHLY recommend this exceptional Doctor and her staff! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
2	-1	Staff completely clueless - unknowledgeable, slow, and I've ALWAYS had to call to obtain test results. Offices could be cleaner. Doctor OK but not very helpful. Had to follow up more w/ her for test results (mammogram, etc.) than she did w/ me. I would not recommend.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
2	-1	Terrible, I would not refer this office to anyone that I know or dont know. The staff is clueless!! I dont know what qualifications you must have to work a this facility, but if you can find another office, choose that one. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
2	-1	Horrible Doctor and even worse staff. Had a mammagram and had to hear about the unfavorable results from the hospital. Doctor was clueless.Staff is evenworse.  		2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	-1	. NEVER USE HER 		1	1	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
3	1	Dr. Ballard has been my oncologist for the past eight years and he is truly the best doctor I have ever had. He successfully guided both me and my mother through our respective cancer diagnoses and treatments. He is the most caring physician and has a very calming and reassuring bedside manner. I have since moved out of state, but continue to return to Dr. Ballard for all of my follow-up care. I would recommend him without hesitation to anyone... 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	A very caring and ectremely pleasant physician.  Does not rush you and answers all of your questions.  Very through in evaluation and in treatment plans.  Not overly aggressive and wants you to participate in decisions.  I would highly recommend this physician as a highly skilled oncologist.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
3	1	Dr Ballard is the BEST! Very caring, kind, never rushes patients, although this sometimes means you need to wait a bit longer than with other doctors, but he is well worth the wait. The staff is also very caring and takes an interest in the health and well being of every patient.  What wonderful professionals to have on ones team when dealing with Caner!!! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
3	1	Excellent,caring physician. Beautiful office. Caring and compassionate staff.  I feel like I received the best care possible for a difficult condition, 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
4	0	I am especially not satisfied with the staff!Waiting room filthy!Dr badea seems knowledgeable,but does not seem to do his home work on ordered test/referal results.Questions like&quot;what can i do for you&#63;&quot;, when i am there to hear the results of an MRI that he ordered and have to brief him on why i am there. Makews me feel as if he hasnt taken time to evaluate the results. Visits are rushed and last no longer than 5 min.With 3 min of that with me bringing him up to date as to my reason why i am there.I am always there 15 min prior to appt time,spend 30 min in waiting room, 15 min in exam room, and 5min with dr.My time is important too.  	1	2	2	3 	Insurance:Tricare
4	0	First appointment was very caring, took time to listen than ordered tests.  Second appointment he was late getting to work for whatever reason (do know it was not an emergency he was on) and was seen by PA instead of him.  MEDS were recommend &quot;just in case&quot; regarding my age and bone density even though it was in the normal range.  Stopped taking them after adverse effects and research on lawsuits on this med and cases won by patients.   Doctors should not recommend meds for &quot;just in case&quot; or certainly when for last decade lawsuits have been won by patients regarding a med.    STAFF is useless and don't seen to know what they are doing.   Took 3 times to get them to file insurance with medicare first, and secondary Tricare For Life.  STAFF opens up late and we wait outside until they get there.  If it's to open at 8 for patients surely staff should be there at least by 7:45a.m. and not arrive at 8:15 or closer to 8:30 when DR is suppose to arrive.  I have fired him and his staff.  	1	3	3	3 	Insurance:Medicare
4	0	The doctor himself is very nice and caring, but his staff very rude and had no people skills what so ever.  The doctor also does not like for you to go to other specialist that might know more about your condition and God forbid you need a refferal you have to leave 10 messages and got to the office about 5 times after waiting 3 months for the appointment!! He needs better staff!! 	1	1	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	I love going to Dr. Badea's office. Both him and his physician assistant are very pleasant and aggressive with healthcare. I almost always get in the same day when I need an urgent appt (even when they are very busy). However, administrative and nursing staff is very important in the healthcare setting. They are the core of the office, and are the FIRST and the LAST to encounter your patients, therefore, they set the tone for patient satisfaction. I have not experienced distasteful attitudes from them, but they aren't very good with patient privacy at the front desk, I have yet to have them answer the phone when I call, I'm still waiting on a callback from the message THEY asked me to leave!, and I am highly disappointed about having to use the restroom in the dark because the bulb was out and the lock on the door was broken. Just a few tweaks will change everything! Other than that, total satisfaction! 	1	4	3	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	-1	Dr. Badea is a knowledgeable doctor but his staff is lazy and very unprofessional. If you need a referral you must stop back in to the office and continuously badger them until it happens. It doesn't take 3 months to get a referral. 	2	2	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
4	0	Staff is the worst I have ever dealt with.  Office is disgusting.  The doctor is very kind, caring, and knowledgeable but obviously incapable of hiring and keeping reliable, professional employees.  	1	1	2	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
4	0	Staff is rude and unfriendly.  Dr. was nice in the beginning but had changed.  I wouldn't recommend this office staff to anyone.  Sometimes wait 1 hr- 1 hr and half for appointment.  	1	1	3	2 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
4	1	Dr Badea is a very kind and caring Dr.  Very knowledgeable and helpful.  He cares about his patients and their health care.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
5	-1	One extremely brief visit and he ordered surgery. No other options. I had to search out other options on my own, which I tried. Very expensive.  	2	1	1	2 	Insurance:Aetna
6	1	Dr. Barngrover gave me back my life.  I spent a year in bed because of my pain. That was 8 years ago and now I lead a fairly normal life. He helped me to accept that I will never be free of pain, but I can have a full life as well. He has such a fantastic &quot;bedside manner&quot; As does Jesse (Physicians Assistant). I usually do spend about an hour there before I'm seen, however, it is simply because he takes whatever time is needed with every patient.  He is most definitely my favorite doctor! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
6	-1	I have been with this doctor for over 7 years and have only seen him roughly 10 times. I'm always deferred to the PA and I have never gotten out of the office in less than 1.5 hours. The doctor seems to never be available and hides behind his nursing staff when I've tried to contact him for emergency issues. He won't consult with my other doctors and seems more interested in getting as many patients as possible resulting in crowded waiting rooms, extremely long waiting times and very rude staff who don't return calls within 24 hours. I have had several situations where my appointments were scheduled over 30 days resulting in a  lack of pain medicine to cover a chronic condition of nerve damage that I will have to cope with for the rest of my life. I have suffered from 2 severe episodes of withdraw and allergic reactions to medications prescribed by the doctor and he never returned my calls or responded to my surgeons request for medical records. I'm considering legal action.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Workers Comp
6	1	wait time has been up to 4 hours before.... takes too log to see doctor 	5	1	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	He has changed my life for the better! I was in deep depression because of constant pain, he listened to me instead of forming his own opinion. I am working full time now and have a much happier family life.  The only doctor that has truly helped me! 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	1	Dr Barngrover and his Assistants are great.  They show they really care about you and try to take care of your pain.  The front desk ladies.  Are rude, ignore you, don't smile, and try to avoid speaking with patients and helping.   The wait time.  Is the worst I ever seen.  But hey, nothing's perfect.  So bring a book if you can read with the pain you got.   The biggest plus goes to the Dr.Barngrover.  He tries his best and makes up for all the slackers that work for him in the reception desk.  	3	2	5	5 	Insurance:Veterans Administration
6	1	Dr. Barngrover is a very special person and a wonderful Dr. who genuinely cares for his patients and goes to any degree to be helpful with a difficult pain situation. I don't know that I've ever seen a more compassionate man. He has relieved me and found what's wrong. I had little to live for before I saw Dr. Barngrover and local physian is well below this standard. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	I DRIVE FOR 1 HOUR EACH WAY EVERY MONTH TO GET MY PRESCRIPTION ORDER. I USUALLY WAIT 2-3 HOURS IN THE WAITING ROOM, 45 MIN. TO 1 HOUR IN THE CONSULTATION ROOM, & SEE HIM A TOTAL OF 5 TO 15 MIN OF WHICH HALF OF THE TIME IS FRIENDLY SMALL TALK. A LOT OF THE OFFICE STAFF IS RUDE. THE APPOINTMENT PERSON TRIES TO BOOK YOU WITH THE OTHER PRACTIONERS INSTEAD OF DR. BARNGROVER. DON'T COUNT ON ANY HELP FROM THE INSURANCE PERSONNEL. DR. B IS KNOWLEDGEABLE & FRIENDLY. HE DOESN'T TREAT YOU LIKE YOU'RE CRAZY & MAKING IT UP FOR ATTENTION LIKE MOST DRS. (I'VE SUFFERED FROM FIBROMYALGIA FOR YEARS.)HOWEVER,IN THE BEGINNING, I LOST HALF OF A YEAR OF MY LIFE SO SICK ON NARCOTICS THAT I COULDN'T FUNCTION AT ALL. I DID LOSE LOTS OF WEIGHT THOUGH SINCE I COULDN'T KEEP ANY FOOD DOWN. NOW I'M STABILIZED, BUT NOT PAIN-FREE. ALL IN ALL HE'S A GOOD DOCTOR. I SUGGEST BRINGING LOTS OF BOOKS, VIDEO GAMES, ETC. FOR THE LONG WAIT TIMES.  	2	1	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	1	I think he is the best,he sit and talk to you.One of the best Doctors I have and understand about my fibromyalgia and did not turn me around making me think it is all in my head. 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	Dr. Barngrover was able to diagnose a problem that had been a constant source of pain for me as a neurological one and backed it up with independent nerve conduction testing. The Gen. Pract. and others thought it was muscle or bone and prescribed for that making me sick for some time...Dr. Barngrover's pain management plan works for me.I count my blessings that God led me to this wonderful healer, helper, and reliever. I've been a patient for three years now. My prayers are with him every day. There are FEW good ones left. He IS one of them.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
6	-1	Seems to be more concerned with prescribing narcotics then actual treating the source/cause of pain. Did not request records from my referring Doctor - developed his own diagnosis based soley on my pain complaint. Will not go back to this Doctor. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	During my visit I felt that I was treated very well.I would absolutely recommend this doctor to my family and friends.  I felt this visit was a big help.Overall I would rate this visit : good. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	Sidney Barr was the best doctor I have ever had. Unfortunately she left her practice about two years ago to pursue other interests. I would go back to her in a second. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	Very pleasant eperience. Treated me like a real person with a real problem rather than the typical &quot;churn and burn&quot; feeling I have received from most other doctors. I felt genuine concern and have recommended him to anyone who is seeking a new primary care doctor.  The office is lovely and my wait time has never been an issue.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	1	A local Doctor told me I wasn't sick and everything was fine without even examining me. He examined my condition and found a very serious problem in my lungs. He will always be our hero.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
8	1	He is very nice,kind and gentle,he has moved on but I miss him.I wish him well at his new job. I also work in the Medical office and have been around Doctors for many years,he is one of a kind!!!! 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Secure Horizons
8	1	He is a very good doctor & takes a true interest in everyone of his patients.  He is leaving us soon & we sure hate to see him go! The people where he is going will be very lucky to get him! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	Dr. Babcock is very knowledgeable, thorough and caring. She has great bedside manner and makes sure all your questions and concerns are answered. I think she is very smart and talented and one of the best in Atlanta. Her office is in a building with free parking. The office is nice, and her staff is great.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	Very knowledgeable.  She isn't all about &quot;procedures&quot;.  She isn't all about selling products.  She is about providing great care to her patients.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
10	-1	Dr. Babatope does not appear to have any interest in the patient other than giving one a prescription, getting you on your way and collecting a large fee for a two minute visit. 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
10	-1	This doctor will take your money and write you a script, but after that you're on your own. Avoid at all cost!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	Dr. Bak is wonderful with children!!! My kids love to go and see him. He really lets you know if something needs to be done now or can wait. I used to work in a pediatric dentist office and they really tried to scare parents into doing things that were not necessary. Dr. Bak does NOT do this!!!He is really great and the staff is friendly.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	1	Dr. Barfield is by far one of the most helpful, kind, and caring doctors I have ever met with. She really does care about all of her patients and whenever I need a doctor appointment I reqest her because I know I will be in good hands. Her office staff is also very kind and I never feel like i'm being rushed out. She is very comfortable to talk to and will answer any questions you may have. She is genuinely concerned about her patients health and really makes the efforts to remember and connect with her patients.  I would recommend her to anyone 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
12	1	Dr. Barfield is in one word, wonderful. She is very personable and makes you feel like she actually CARES about her patients.  She also asks general health questions showing genuine concern.  Mostly, I appreciate the way she spends longer than five minutes in the exam room making you as comfortable as possible. She has successfully diagnosed symptoms and investigated further to prevent larger problems, or possible problems.  I would recommend anyone, and everyone to her.  She has literally saved my life.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
13	0	Technically good, but lacks professional manner. Seemed rushed, blaise, and acted sort of bored/disinterested. Could not be reached when family member who had procedure had unexpected post-op issues and needed help (no colleague to do back up, either). Would not recommend. 	4	4	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	I could tell within just a few minutes of speaking with Dr. Baliga that he is extremely qualified and I really liked and trusted him. HOWEVER, it took two months to get an appointment. When I arrived thirty minutes early since I was a new patient, I was told by other patients that I might as well take a long nap. My appt was at 11 and I saw him at 1:30. So I waited three hours. Unacceptable, I have a job too.  	2	1	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	Decent doctor. Half of his staff is rude at best. However the other half is courteous and professional. the earliest I've been seen is1.5 hours past my appointment time. 	1	1	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	Don't plan on getting into a room on time.  The first visit, I waited 3 hours AFTER my appointment time before I got into an exam room.  Consecutive visits weren't much better.  	4	1	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	Dr. Baliga is an excellent physician, one of the best I've ever seen.  Being the only Endocrinologist in Auburn, he is always overbooked.  That may be because he spends so much time with each patient.  Plan on 1 hr. min. for visit. Labs are first come first serve @ 8 a.m.  	4	2	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	This is an excellend doctor.  He is very busy, but does not sacrifice quality in care.   My prior endocrinologist practically abandoned me.  Dr. Baliga's office may be full, but his staff is highly qualified.  They returned my call promptly when I need to hear from them.  I checked out his credentials too - he is very experienced and qualified.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
14	1	Great doctor!  Unfriendly staff, espically the woman that works the waiting room window.  Very long waiting lines every visit, always an hour + wait... even for lab work.  If it wasn't for Dr. Baliga I'd never bother with this place. 	1	1	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	-1	Don't bother making an appointment time, they make you wait hours in the waiting room. It is almost impossible to get an appointment anyway. It took 4 months to get an appointment. 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	Staff is horrid, and extremely unorganized.  I have not been once and been in to see him within 30 minutes of when my appointment was supposed to be.  Once it took 2 hours...Unfortunately he is the only Endocrin in the Auburn area.  	 10/6/11	1	1	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	0	I waited an hour on my first visit...there were 25 people ahead of me. I asked if everyone waited an hour...rude staff answered...some people wait 2 hours...Wanted co-pay before I saw doctor... I left! 	2	1	3	3 	Insurance:Medicare
14	-1	He seemed to be very knowledgeable as far as his field was concern but his mouth could use some washing out. He was very disrespectful to my wife and me as well with his vulgar language. I have never seen a doctor talk with that kind of language about any body part as he did. Also when I asked for a referral from when I went to the ER he would not refer me to the doctor that I needed to a specialist that isn't his field.  	3	3	1	2 	Insurance:Humana
14	1	Dr. Baliga is real nice. I went to an endocrinologist in Birmingham, and Dr. Baliga was better than him. Dr. Baliga spent a lot of time with me and seemed concerned about what is going on with me. He ordered some tests. The doctor in Birmingham did not care about what was going on with me. He stayed in the room about five mins, told me he did not know what was going on, and sent me home. I look forward to going back to Baliga to see what my test results show.  I made a right decision choosing Baliga! I would really recommend him! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	Had to see Dr. Baliga because I missed an appointment with his partner.  We clicked somehow and for the first time since 1990, my diabetes is under control and my HA1c is below 7.  Unbelievable compassionate but doesn't talk a whole lot.  Listens well and does more in each office OV than any endo doc I saw before.  Makes his patients feel appreciated and important, NEVER condescending, rude, or seeming           un-interested.  His concern makes me want to do my best.  he wasn't on call and insisted one time that he be called at home on the weekend about progress or lack thereof of a problem I was having.   BEST doctor I have ever had, bar none!!!! 	 10/19/08	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
15	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	-1	Very unprofessional Doctor and staff members, the staff is extremely rude and discourteous, not sure if it was the color of their patients skin or if they are genuinely rude and obnoxious people to everybody. Maybe Hispanic patients are not welcome; if so please post it on the front door so we don’t have to be put through the experience. Dr. Ballantyne is either over worked or has a revolving door policy with his patients because you get three words or 30 seconds out of him, whichever comes first. Do yourself a favor and avoid at all costs. 	1	3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	This Doctor was wonderful. He did surgery on my knee and when I thought I would need surgery on my other knee, he didn't just do surgery, he took tests and told me I didn't need at this time. I liked him very much and would recommend him to others..He took his time and explained everything to me in detail...  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
16	1	DR. BALLANTYNE IS A WONDERFUL DOCTOR. OFFICE VISITS ARE ON TIME AND THE STAFF IS VERY KIND.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	Dr.Barnwell appears very knowledgeable and helpful, The staff appers compentent.  I have been a patient for several years my only complaint would be the time.  I always have a scheduled appointment however the wait time is far too long.  There should be more consideration for the the patient's schedule. I literally have to take a full day off work for an appointment. You must give up at least 5 to 6 hours for one appointment.  Other than the time I have been very please with the overall service. 	3	1	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	Disorganized office staff.  Doctor is very helpful and knowledgeable.  However dealing with office staff is very stressful.  Charges patient extra to take credit card for payment.  There is an additional charge if you call and ask questions about drug interaction with over the counter medicine.  I will not return.  	 2/7/11	1	1	4	Insurance:United Healthcare
17	1	Very knowledgeable.The staff is rude. I probably will not go back. I don't understand why patients are informed that you have to pay cash and if you you a debit/visa/credit card, there is a fee. 	1	2	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
17	-1	The first time I went to their office, I saw her husband, Dr. Kenneth Barnwell.  He was great.  Reminded me a lot of a small town doctor, very friendly and courteous.   I was scheduled with her the second and thrid time I tried to go back there.    I ended up leaving.  They are terrible on time.  My wait was outrageous and I had an appointment.  Instead of offering some apology for the inconvenience and an explanation, the staff had a nasty attitude.  It seems to me that this doctor thinks we are vying for her services when in fact, she needs to understand that she is vying for our business.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
17	-1	This doctor and staff are terrible. I have been a patient there on/off for years. I am young and take care of myself so I only go once in a while for a routine physical. The wait time is crazy and that is at 8am. I had a physical in May and still have not recieved my lab results. I called and they told me they do not mail them to patients, I would have to come in and pick them up. WHAT! ARE SERIOUS! They inconvenience their patients to the fullest. Believe me I will never go back there again! She is terrible and no personality. She is not friendly AT ALL. I have contact BCBS about her service and request an investigation of her practices.  	1	1	2	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	Very caring doctor with a comprehensive approach to medical services that is unparalleled. 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	Very intelligent and informative. Goes way beyond anything I have ever experienced in a doctors office. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	Dr. Barber was an excellent surgeon.  We met with him as a second opinion and he squeezed us in at the end of the day after surgery so that I didn't have to wait after my cancer diagnosis.  He had so much experience, knowledge, compassion and high standards.  He called me the night before surgery and also again after some pathology report discussions.  I trust him as a doctor and know that he was an answer to prayer. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	great bedside manner. 	5	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
20	-1	I am a doctor and as unpleasant as this review is, it is a warning to other patients about this doctor's judgement and knowledge.  He as supposed to put an epidural in my wife.  Instead ended up placing it as a spinal which also entered her blood circulation.  Because of that she was not feeling anesthesia over her abdomen yet was becoming more obtunded (the narcotic was being delivered to the brain).  Kept telling the nurse anesthetist to give more narcotic and lidocaine (the nurse said &quot;are you sure&quot;&#63;).  My wife had pinpoint pupils from the narcotic, unable to answer questions and requiring 10 liters/min of oxygen and about to be intubated.  Instead of reevaluating why anesthesia was not working, wanted to give her another dose of narcotic.  I told him to stop and started resuscitating my wife with fluids, medications to bring her blood pressure up and high flow oxygen.  Baby's heart rate dropped to 80.  I thought I was going to lose my wife and unborn daughter that afternoon.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
21	1	The BEST PCP I've ever had! He is very personable and caring, very understanding. He seems to have a true desire to take care of you and address your health issues. Very good at following up. I loved him. I was very sad when I left the state because I don't know if I'll ever find a doctor as good as him again.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
21	1	Best doctor EVER!  Smart, caring, takes time with patients. Highly recommend.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
21	1	He's a great doctor- personable, professional, excellent manner, helpful, answers questions and follows up. I would reccomend him fully. You sometimes end up waiting past your appt.  time (I've never waited more than thirty mins past) 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	Best overall primary care doctor I've ever had. Listens, follows through, is reachable, gives explanations, cares about his patients like family. He was my husband's dr. and I changed doctors after I met him; wanted him looking after my health. I've recommended him to people who live in my area.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	-1	Don't know if a good dr. of not, his office medical assistant refused to make an appointment, was rude and threatening. She stated not to question her, or she would make things difficult or either just keep hanging up on me, not letting me through. I just called to make an appointment with a Dr. I had never seen before! Never said anything to his nurse, just may I make an appointment. Office staff seems to decide who gets to see the dr. He must not have any knowledge of how he staff greats potential new patients. Strangest experience I have ever had trying to make an appointment. Very scarey that he has a medical assistant deciding what goes on in his office without anyone supervising her. Would be too afraid to try this office again because of his staff. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	Dr. Barnes has done two very major surgeries on me and I couldn't ask for a better doctor. He is kind, caring, and knows what he is doing. When it comes to Orthopedic surgery, he is the only person I would ever use.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
23	1	I enjoyed everything about the visit.  The staff was particularly helpful and happy.  Dr. Bailey has been a friend and extemely good physician. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	Dr. Banks is patient when listening to what is wrong.  She has a great way of describing how to solve the issue in a way I can understand.  Her office is clean and the front desk staff are helpful.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
25	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	Careing, Doesn't mind second opions. He is not God, But he is great. I would reccomend him to anyone. I don't have the words to describe this Dr. Great,Great,Great. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
27	-1	Horrible doctor and person.  Don't go see her.  She will tell you that you need surgery that you don't need.  I got victimized and now I can't even walk.  I lost my job.  See someone else. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
27	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	Dr. Barnett took me on as a patient to do a revision of a Spinal Cord Stimulator that my pain clinic and then another neurosurgeon 'could not place properly'. she was honest, giving me a 25% chance of making a different model work. She is different in that she actually woke me during the procedure to see if I was getting coverage. I wasn't, so she removed it. I believe she does a lot of revision other neurosurgeons can't repair or won't touch. She is very honest, which I loved. Her staff is really great also.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
27	1	My orthopedic doctor referred me to Dr Barnett, said she was the best around (better than other neurosureons in his own practice).  My L5 disk had herniated and caused numbness down my leg/foot.  I had talked to about 6 or more nurses around the office and the hospital and they all said she is awesome.  I found her to be very polite, friendly, and thorough in her work.  I have been very pleased with her office staff as well.  No complaints at all.  She even commented that she's worked with one of my other doctors at the Capitol building on important issues.  I would highly recommend her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
27	1	Dr. Barnett has done neck, back surgery on me and brain surgery on my son.  She is the most caring doctor I have ever had and I went from being unable to walk to doing deep knee bends after surgery.   I absolutely love her! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
27	1	I went in for an L4-L5 herniated disc.  I first went to a joint doctor who tried all of the non-surgical methods first.  After trying shots and physical therapy I decided that surgery was the last route to take.  I had conflicting information from the joint doctor and the first neurosurgeon (2nd opinion) I went to.  Then I decided that since it was my nerves giving me the Sciatica I would go to a second neurosurgeon for a third opinion.  Dr Barnett was very thorough throughout the diagnosis, pre-surgery, surgery and post surgery.  I know I made a good choice of doctors because even after my uneventful surgery the nurses at the hospital were impressed with her work on me and other patients.  Even my physical therapist commented that Dr. Barnett's other patients she worked with seemed to recover quickly.  She is very busy and it takes a long time to see Dr. Barnett but for me it was well worth the wait.  	 10/27/08	4	2	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	1	A dr. who will answer all your questions and provide you with extensive information. The well organized &amp; clean office is staffed with friendly &amp; helpful assistants. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	he was friendly, and communicative and instilled a great degree of confidence that he would do his best to find out what was wrong.  I liked the fact he asked if I had any other questions before he left the room.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
30	-1	.  	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
30	1	Dr. Baird is an awesome plastic surgeon.  I had a tram and a breast reconstruction and it came out so good, I am really happy with the results.  He is such a nice person and the office staff is top notch.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
30	-1	.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
31	1	Great Physician. Personable. Listens. explains options 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	-1	.  	2	4	2	2 	Insurance:Tricare
32	1	Good Doc 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	awesome doctor and great staff, He has helped my son several times get back to where he needed to be.  Very caring and compassionate when it comes to his patients 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	1	Great visit. Got me back to running quickly.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	-1	Very passive and strange, and hard to track down when he's needed. 	3	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	-1	Dr. Bagley seemed okay in the beginning (I went to her for my 1st pregnancy). But when my water broke, she showed up at the hospital in clothes covered in paint! She left b/c I wasn't dilated enough, and after a long ordeal the baby was in distress, the hospital was trying to reach her and she took around 2 hours to show up after they called her. She also scraped me while checking me when she first came to the hospital, I jumped and screamed when it happened, then started bleeding. I asked her what happened and she said nothing had happened, I was fine! Horrible experience and most likely why I had a post-cesearean infection. 	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
35	-1	The worst dr's visit of my life! I have never, ever been so disrespected or mistreated by a medical professional in all my life.I left the office in tears and I still tear thinking about what I endured.This &quot;practitioner&quot; should be ASHAMED of the way she represented herself. I did think that her staff was pleasent...they were kind enough to check on me after my visit & assure me that I was not the first person to feel like this, nor was I the only one to complain! *You wonder why she changed practices&#63;&#63; It doesnt take much to do the math...My heart goes out to those young ladies who had to see her for their first GYN visit. It was enough to put fear into anyone. I know the experience doesnt have to be like that...doctors like her are part of the reason why people dont go to their annual visits, that people dont open up about problems & ask questions,that people don't have trust in the medical professionals who's job is to provide them with the upmost care.She has no integrity or heart.  		1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	1	LOVE LOVE LOVE Dr. Bagley! Best OB/GYN I have ever been to. Sad that she left my area. Great compassionate manner, answers questions.  RECOMMEND!!! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	1	Love Dr.Bagley and her staff. Always there to answer any questions and willing to help. Very good atomosphere in the office and friendly staff.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
35	1	Very nice office and staff. She is a very nice doctor and answers all questions. She made all of the appointments an enjoyable experience. I would recommend Dr. Bagley.  	 12/29/04		4	5	Insurance:CIGNA
36	-1	Dr.Babalola is rude very unprofessional. She care less about your health all she do during your visit is talk about her personal life. She show no concern about your health. She yells and screams through out the office. I heard her tell a patient one day how long will this take for your office  visit. When i heard those words come from her mouth i knew then she did'nt care about her patients. She stated she needed to go to lunch . I never ever seen a doctor care more about eating than having a concern about her patients health. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
36	-1	.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
37	-1	Beware of this doctor!!!!!!!!!!!! Dr. Bahrami availability is unacceptable.  His demeanor is unsatisfactory and his knowledge is very questionable.  He directly states that he will make mistakes and fears the patient will hold it against him. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
38	0	Very cold personality. Sits and types instead of listening to you. Denies pain medication even if it is really needed.  	2	2	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	1	I've been going to Dr. Baker for about 3 1/2 years and have been very happy. He listens to me, orders the necessary tests, and his office calls to follow up.  I think he's rather busy, my first checkup took a couple months to schedule, but his staff's been willing to fit me in when necessary.  I can't evaluate his medical knowledge, but he seems to ask the right questions.  I've recommended him to others.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	-1	I was referred the Dr.Baker by Dr.Doug Lawrence. What an AWFUL mistake! The absolute WORST personality - whatever happened to 'bedside manners'&#63; I only saw him once and thank God I only need to go for refills every 6 months. Talk about a total waste of my time and $40. And, since going there - I've talked to a few others who feel the same way (wish I'd heard from them before I had to change PCP's).  	1	5	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Backer for over 3 years and find him to be an excellent doctor.  Both Dr. Backer and his staff are friendly and efficient.  Dr. Backer has a great bedside manner and spends as much time as needed to make you comfortable and to answer your questions.  He is very professional and knowledgeable.  Once I read an article which created some concerns for me about a medication I am taking.  I left a message with a staff member as to my concerns and several days went by and I had not received a response.  I thought possibly the staff member didn’t give him my message. When Dr. Backer did call me back I could see why it took him some time to respond to me. He had done a through research of the subject matter and was able to completely satisfy my concerns.  I feel completely satisfied intrusting my cardiovascular medical care with Dr. Backer.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
39	-1	this physician is really not good at al.l.  his staff seem to have been trained to be rude and not helpful, particularly his spouse who works in his office or has worked there.   i would not advise anyone to go to this physician 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	-1	Doctor had no bedside manner nor after the surgery no bedside manners about him or his staff. Main concern is not the patient but the dollars they can get from you. 	2	3	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	Very knowledgable, good bed side manner, takes his time, answered all my questions. I like this doctor very much.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
39	-1	 	4	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	nice. kinda quiet. doesn't rush thru appt., 	4	5	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	Very thorough, quiet type person, compassionate, excellent bedside maner, great smile, always seems happy.  Very good but VERY busy.  No problem recommending him as a diabetic doctor.  	 11/22/08	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
41	1	This doctor is a very good doctor and cares for the patient.   I give him the highest recommendation possible.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
42	1	He usually takes the time to make you feel like your important to him rather than rushing you through like your just a number.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
43	1	Dr. Banov and his staff exceed my expecations as an office. Working in healthcare myself I understand it is difficult to make everyone who walks through the door completely happy esp. those with mental health issues. Not only is Dr. Banov knowledgable about his profession, but he goes above and beyond to try to treat the individual. He does offer research studies for people who do not have insurance. He has changed his staff in the last few months so maybe this may make a difference for you all who complained about that. For those with all the negative comments, I would suggest you check YOUR attitude at the door before you enter anyone's establishment. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
43	-1	Whatever you do, do NOT GO TO THIS DOCTOR OR HIS OFFICE.  Staff is rude as is he - they dont care about you - just your money!! They treat you like a chicken on an assembly line slaughter.  You get 10 min and out the door.  They dont return calls.  Often you cant even see the doctor but you see a nurse or practitioner.  Its been the worst experience I ever had with a psychiatrists office.  They  just dont care about you - just your cash or your insurance company...it just was such an awful feeling being there.  Office is also old and dirty..Always pple in waiting room on hold calling insurance companies while their provider would peak out the door because their appointment time was running out.  They honestly wouldnt care (or notice) if you killed yourself.  We just had to leave because it was so terrible even though we couldnt afford anything else.  Its just a bad scam and i would NEVER recommend anyone to go there.  They never even took my history! 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	I have been seeing Dr Banov since 1994. He is a very good doctor. I trust him, and that's not something I say about most doctors. I had a problem many years ago with one of his staff, but when he knew, the problem was corrected immediately. Apologies were immediate as well. The office seems to run very smoothly when I'm there.  	 10/25/10	4	4	5	Insurance:Aetna
43	1	While his staff may come off as uncaring, the doctor himself is a very caring, knowledgable, and sensitive doctor. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
43	0	Three words about the office the staff and the man, cold, cold, cold. Also if missed appointment you are charged $100 or more depending on their degrees. 	1	3	1	5 	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	Dr. Banov has been patient, understanding, professional, kind and most of all extremely willing to go above and beyond for my family and me.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Assurant
43	1	I admit there was a problem with his staff.  He seems to have rectified the situation.  My results with him have been outstanding.  Ignore the past write ups and try him yourself.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
43	1	Dr. Banov doesn't listen to his patients very well.  Once he has made a decision, he walks away even if you have questions or concerns.  His office staff is the rudest and coldest I've ever been in contact with.  I would rather slam my face into a concrete wall to avoid having any interactions with this office staff.  I was once &quot;reminded&quot; through the front waiting room window (in front of other patients) that I had an outstanding balance.  When I challenged it, his wife, who is the office manager, realized it had already been paid and that a mistake had been made.  I was very embarassed.   I changed doctors in his practice three times and eventually left his practice all together.  When you have to visit a psychiatrist, it's very private anyway and you already are feeling at your worst.  To be intimidated by his coldness and insensitivity, then be verbally & emotionally abused by an incompetent office staff is the worst situation you can be in.   Do yourself a favor, find another dr! 	1	3	2	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
43	1	I am complete agreement with the other comments about Dr. Banov and his office. He is an extremely informed doctor about psychiatric medicine but his office staff is terrible and insensitive. Dr. Banov is a nice man but don't look for the &quot;warm fuzzies&quot; from him because he can come off a little cold. 	1	2	3	5 	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	Dr. Banov is extremely knowledgeable in his area of expertise. The office staff if indifferent and often times rude. I am not there to see the staff however, and Dr. Banov is worth it. 		3	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
43	-1	This rating is for the Northwest Behavioral Medicine group, not specifically for this doctor. The office staff is very rude and they do not follow up on requests. My appointment has been cancelled without my knowledge and it has taken up to 5 days simply to refill a perscription. 		2	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	just a very good dr.  i will use him again in the future 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	1	This is the most caring and loving Doctor that I think I have ever had the pleasure of knowing in 60 years of life and treatment.  He is very much on top of the newest medicines and treatments and I would highly recommend him as a personal (Internal Medicine)Physician to anyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
45	0	This doctor has terrible bedside manners, is always in a rush to get you in and out and won't take responsibility for his office staff and there messups.   Also gets upset if you question something.  Waiting time is 1 to 1.5 hours or more.  Fired him and found me a new doctor who takes time with patients and works to find out what if anything is medically wrong.  	2	2	2	3 	Insurance:Tricare
46	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
47	1	EXCELLENT Physician. Very prompt and took care of my needs on the first visit. He is now my doctor for as long as he'll have me.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
47	1	Long-time patient of this physician. Always helpful, great office staff, clean and neat exam rooms.  Five stars.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	1	Very thorough and informative doctor - takes the time to listen and answer your questions.  Spends a lot of time with you and does not seem rushed - really pays attention.  Very pleased with his care and attention to both me and my husband. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	He listens to what I have to say, respects my questions, and feelings. Looks up things he is not sure of (ie certain meds) friendly and caring. I find him very helpful.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
48	1	A doctor who listens and doesn't have a huge ego! What a delight. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	-1	Run! Very poor quality of medical services were received. 		3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	Dr. Joseph Barnes is one of the best doctors anyone could ask for. He delivered all 4 of my children and he is so caring. I lost a baby and he called the hospital constantly checking on me and told me if I just needed to talk, just to call him. I could have never made it through my pregnancies without him. Too bad he has retired.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	1	Dr. Barnes is very &quot;to the point&quot;. I am in and out in minimal time and he doesn't drag out my pap or other exams. He has never kept me waiting, and I can tell that he gets annoyed with the nurses if they take too long bringing me back to the room. I had one occasion where I had an out of the ordinary situation and he saw me that same day.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
50	1	Dr. Bankston extracted my daughter’s wisdom teeth two weeks ago. I wish he had been around when I had my teeth extracted. The experience went exactly as he described in the consultation visit. We were in and out of his office in 90 minutes. My daughter had minimal swelling and she only used three pain pills after surgery. I was really impressed when I received a phone call from Dr. Bankston the evening after surgery to check on my daughter. Dr.  Bankston and his staff are a real class act !!!! 	 8/1/11	5	5	5	Insurance:BC Med
50	0	I think you should think twice about this surgeon. The person who makes the appointments didn't inform me of the correct documents to bring.  In addition, the doctor paid no attention to my insurance stating no referral necessary. I waited a very long time to see Dr. Bankston after which he spent very little time evaluating me.  I ended up faxing previous doctor's evaluations to Bankston and he (it's been a week) and he still has contacted me back even after I called their office on numerous occassions to see if he got the data.  Oh, the nurses on the phone seemed very busy and unable to pay attention to the questions I was asking on the phone.  If you have a chance, look elsewhere for a doctor.  	2	2	2	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
50	-1	completely agree with the 04/15/2008 reviewer. I had the exact same experience. Getting followup answers/ appointments is like pulling teeth, pun intended.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
50	-1	I have been to his office three times now. The first I waited one hour, the second 2 hours and 15 minutes, and last time it was 1 hour. When you finally get to see this doctor, he spent no time explaining anything about after-care. His staff is just as bad. During my second visit, I asked the front desk clerk to be sure to phone in my prescription to my pharmacy so that I wouldn't have to wait at the pharmacy counter in pain after my surgery. Did they do it&#63; Of course not! The clerk knew very well that I wouldn't be able to double-check in my sleepy state coming out of surgery and took full advantage of it. I would suggest that you explore other options before scheduling your appointment at this office.  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
51	1	The doctor was very polite and personable. I enjoyed going there and would recommend it to anyone new in the area who is looking for a good ob/gyn.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
51	-1	Received terrible service from this OB, shocked this man is practicing. Needs to get out of the field! 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
51	1	Dr. Bahr is a wonderful physician. He is respectful and compassionate. I wish all doctors were more like him.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
51	1	Dr. Bahr is very knowledgeable and makes sure you understands all options, including pros and cons. He is very easy to talk to and has a very personable manner. He takes his time and doesn't seemed rushed. He is a good listener regarding your concerns for care and treatment.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
51	1	very down to earth; explains things very well in lay man's termsl very pleasant; good looking ,too 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	Dr bailon is the best,he takes his time and really trys to get to the root, im happy i was assisgned to him when i was on kaiser, im still trying to get him. i wished he had a private practise.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
52	1	Dr. Bailon is fantastic doctor.  He is willing to take the time to listen to the needs of his patients, and in turn explain what is required of them.  If necessary, he will recommend the proper specialist, or medicine, to take care of your individual needs.  	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
53	1	Excellent dentist. Dr Bagheri's wtg room fills up quickly and stays full. However he sees you quickly too. He is very professional and inspires confidence. No surprises; He discusses cost of the procedure with you prior to procedure. Just ask. I have been shopping for dental implant for about 2 years, and he is the right doctor for the procedure. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	Great doctor. He is knowledgeable and listens. He is a problem solver and is willing to address a challenge. I am very impressed and looking forward to his working with me to make my problems with my feet better.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
54	-1	I waited for a half hour after my appt time in the waiting room, and then was escorted into the exam room, where I waited another half hour. When Dr. Bailey arrived, he was rude, condescending, and uncaring. This will be my last visit with this doctor. 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	Dr. Baldwin is a wonderful caring person as well as an excellent doctor. She always listens to my input. She is moving to another state and will be sadly missed.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
55	1	Dr. Baldwin is an excellent doctor.  She was extremely helpful in assisting my needs and ensuring that I received the appropriate referrals for follow-up care.  I would highly recommend her.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
56	1	Excellent physician. Didn't push surgery and gave me my options. I eventually chose surgery but the choice was mine. I recommend him highly.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
56	1	he always comunicates with me in the best ways and explains everything! he know what he is talking about and makes sure i do too. he makes going to the doctor nice and enjoyable and is the best man i know; aside from my husband. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
57	-1	I am EXTREMELY upset with Dr. Baron.He is arrogant, short, and condescending.Not sure what has happened to him over the years but I am not going to return to this practice.Yes, he is the doctor and I am the patient, but you do not dismiss me or my concerns.Simply rude. 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	Dr. Baron is friendly, will listen and is open to dialogue on your condition whatever it might be. The wait time is typical (in other words too long). 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	Dr. Baron is my dad's physician and we could not have a more caring and kind care taker!  Very knowledgeable.  The staff is always considerate and respectful.  They were all a Godsend for my father.   Thanks to them all! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
57	1	Dr Baron is very personable.  He actually takes the time to sit down and listen to you.  I've never felt rushed when I'm in his office. He's been spot on three times when I've medical issues.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
57	0	I've been going to Smokerise for over 15 years and Dr Baron's approach has changed from a investigate get to the bottom root cause to a quick give a shot solution. Kathy the PA is more personable but has also taken that path as well. I  regret having to change but my family needs someone who will sit and explain the issues and answer my concerns. Medicine is not exact, so time is needed to hone in on the problem despite how much experience one has and that whats missing from Dr Baron. He seems to have strayed from his DO training. The front office staff is very short and abrupt and helps to undermine the service that you should receive. Again i have moved on to another Primary Care Provider because i need more than a quick  look-see and treat approach. My experience my different from others so good luck.  	2	2	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
57	1	Dr. Baron is great! He has a holistic approach and minimal doctor ego. He also has a dry sense of humor and seems very genuine. The office staff is not very organized, however, and long waits are not unusual. Bring your patience, a good book, and a clear schedule and you'll do fine.  	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
57	1	I have been a patient of Dr Baron for several years and always leave his office feeling happy. During my visits he has always made me feel like I was his only patient during that time. He doesn't rush and talks to you like a person, His assistant Cathy has always been very helpful and nice.  I have even called his service after hours (once late at night) and he returned my call within minutes, Kudos to him and his staff 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
57	1	My family and I have been w/Dr. Baron for about 15 yrs.  He is wonderful, caring, and knowledgeable.  He takes time w/you and doesn't hurry you.  His PA is wonderful as well. I highly recommend this physician.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
57	1	. Have used them for ten years they are friendly helful and you can get in if you are sick 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
57	-1	I had been feeling very ill over the weekend and decided to call Dr. Baron's office for an appointment (My primary car physician).  The receptionist said to come to the office and the PA can see you.  I got there with a 103+ temperature and dizzy and she then told me I'd have to come back another day.  She looked too busy playing solitaire on her computer to fill out new patient forms.  I told her I knew what it was and I simply needed an antibiotic prescription.  I left and went to the Emergency Room and they confirmed what all the classic symptoms told me prior to:   Lyme Disease from a tick bite easily treated with Doxycyclin.  I have never been so disappointed with a receptionist.  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
57	1	I got very frustrated with Dr. Baron over the years since he wasn't around much and his office staff is the worst.  The PA's are good but I only saw Dr. Baron a couple of times in 7 years.  	3	2	4	4 	Insurance:Tricare
57	1	Dr. Baron spent a great deal of time with me and made sure every concern I had was addressed. He was very pleasant and caring. The nicest doctor I've ever had. I plan to make him our family doctor for many years to come.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
57	1	This physician is Great with diabetes, high Blood and Cholestrol. He focus on Wellness and has a great Physician Assistant. My husband and I have been his patient for 12 years plus.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
58	1	. Great Doctor 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
59	1	This doctor performed an abdominal hernia surgery on me.  The hernia was so large that it required two types of graphs (one mesh and one pigskin).  I feel that his surgery was excellent and I was very pleased. 	3	4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
59	1	I am a referring physician. My patients have received outstanding care from Dr. Barrett, and are universally pleased. Can recommend he and his colleagues without reservation! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	Great re: ruling out need for surgery.  Right and Left Shoulder surgery (eventually).  I refer FRIENDS to him.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
60	1	Very thorough, had excellent results from surgery. Would definitely go back to him if needed again. 		3	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	Dr. Bacon did major surgery on my back for scoliosis on me 11 years ago I am now 27. He saved my life and my dancing career. If it wasn't for him I would not have a healthy strong back. With out this surgery I would have not been able to have kids or dance again. He was amazing and made me feel like I was important. Yes the wait in his office may be long, but well worth it. I just saw him for a check up last month and he still remembered exactly who I was and all about me. So those who think he is a bad doctor... Well lets just say you are wrong. I recommend him to everyone. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
61	-1	I went to his office- waited 1hr 45min in the waiting room. I went back for xrays &amp; ending up waiting a total of 2hrs 45min &amp; still was waiting for Dr. Bacon &amp; he never came. I eventually went to the front desk &amp; ask to be refunded my co-pay. I never even had the Dr Bacon come back &amp; recieved ZERO customer service. While waiting for them to refund my co-pay, multiple the waiting room was over filled &amp; 3 people came &amp; asked when they would be seen &amp; everyone was told they were next. They were clearly overbooked &amp; understaffed. Now I have to reschedule with a different doctor &amp; am still in pain. Dr Bacon's focus is clearly on overbooking &amp; money- vs his patients health.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
61	1	Probably the one of the slowest doctors in Utah.  I regularly have to wait over an hour for an appointment.  Sometimes as much as 2 hours in the waiting room.  Horrible.  This will be my last visit. 	3	1	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	Dr. Bacon and his PA have helped with with a painful tail bone issue.  My main complaint is the excessive amount of wait time (especially with a painful tail bone!) sometime requiring a 2 hour wait to see a physician.  I would find another doctor if I could ensure they are as helpful with this problem. 	4	1	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	I have seen him for over a year now after having emergency surgery. He saved my life and my leg and I am forever grateful to him.  I trust him with my life and recommend him to anyone! 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
61	-1	I would warn anyone I know to STAY AWAY from this doctor.  I broke my knee cap in half and he did my surgery and follow up work for 5 months now and just a few weeks ago admitted that he wasn't sure what to do with me...REALLY&#63;&#63;&#63;  Honestly I wish he would have told me from the beginning that he was an incompetant slob.  He and his staff were horrible and completely unprofessional.  I was told after several appointments of waiting for 3 or more hours that &quot;That's just how it is when you see an ortho specialist&quot; so deal with it.  If you would like to be treated like an impocile and second rate then this is the place for you...but then again thats just my opinion. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	Dr. Bacon saved my life. I had severe back problems after an auto accident. My condition worsened over time. I qualified for surgery after four years of attempting other procedures that did not work. Dr. Bacon's surgery gave me a life again. I can now go back to work and pick up my children. I recommend him without reservation to anyone. He is a surgeon of the highest caliber. I would place my life in his hands again.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
61	-1	He was very unprofessional and demeaning in his approach to me.  I have suffered from severe scoliosis since childhood and was seeking some relief and was told to basically deal with it because I had lived with it long enough now that it should be normal to me 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
61	-1	The most arrogant doctor I have ever dealt with. Left a bone chip on my knee cap after working on my knee.  His response was &quot; that happens sometimes, do you really want me to open you up again just to remove that small thing&quot; 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
61	1	He was sensitive to my sons pain and needs. He was accomodating.  He did a good job taking care of my son's broken arm. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
61	-1	My husband had a bad tibia fracture.  Bacon was on all at the ER.  He didn't bother to come talk to us or even look at the xrays.  He had the ER splint it and sent us home.  Now there are blisters on the site of the break and the leg is swelled to twice the original size. 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	The service is always great Tonya is spectacular patient and sweet. My son got a chance to meet Dr. Raymond son. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	Doctor Bailey is phenomenal.  Most of his staff is wonderful, but his main receptionist has to be one of the most hateful, disrespectful, bitter people I've ever come across in any industry.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
63	1	Dr. Bakarich is a top notch guy. He  patiently and knowledgeably answers all my questions. He has successfully addressed a number of personal issues. I would rec him to anyone.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
63	1	I have great respect for this Dr. He is extremely caring and personable. I was having some concerns and he was extremely supportive and went out of his way to explain things to me. I have recently moved out of state and I dread hunting for a new OBGYN!Dr.  Bakarich is great! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
63	-1	This doctor is always in a hurry and made me feel like I could not ask questions. When I did ask educated questions, his answers were wrong. He told me that he had never heard of birth control causing yeast infections, even though there is a warning with every package of oral contraceptives that it may cause vaginal infections. He also promised to consult with another of my doctor's. He never did.  		4	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
63	1	I liked him well enough, but he reminded me too much of Mr. Rogers, which was weird when he was giving me a vaginal ultrasound. 		4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	Dr. Barber is reasonably punctual,has a good personality and sense of humor, and I liked the fact that he explained all the options and did not rush me into an operation. Once I finally decided to have my knee replaced, I am walking again without pain! I wish I had gone ahead sooner.  I've really had an excellent outcome and would recommend him to anyone! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
65	-1	 	5	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	does not spend enough time explaining  things to patient 	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	My grandmother had surgery with Dr. Barbour when he was in Cumming. He was great! When I needed to get my knee worked on, I looked him up and was so excited to see that he was back.  He is better than ever.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
66	1	The good news is he's returning to Georgia. Bad news is he'll be down near Atlanta. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	I was extremely satisfied in all ways with my TKR but very sad when I called for an appointment in November (my surgery was in April) to discuss a small problem and was informed that the practise had disbanded and Dr. Barbour had moved to Oregon! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	He's an awesome doctor but unfortunately he's no longer in Georgia. He's now in Coos Bay, OR. Lucky for them.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	1	Wonderful doctor.  He delivered all three of my children.  I have always felt confident knowing he is one of the best in Augusta. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	Dr. Barfield came highly recommended from family members. He was my dr when I gave birth to my first son, but I am trying NOT to go back to him if we have another child. He was all about time and having meds and getting the baby out FAST! He even told me that I was luckly to give birth during the week, but he doesn't work weekends! While, I fill as though he is a good dr when it comes to surgery and meds,but not a very good one with natural childbirth.  	4	3	3	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	1	 	1	1	5	2 	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	 	4	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	I had an appointment with Sherry today, and I think she is an awesome doctor. She is knowledgeable,and cares about your health and answers all your questions without being in a  big hurry.I'm glad she has an office in Evans Ga. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	Great Doctor, takes the time to listen. Dr Barinoswki wants to find out what is wrong and will help you feel better.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
71	-1	This is the worst doctor I've ever dealt with. I am a divorced dad and live in Demver and my children are in Georgia. I was told that if I ever want to speak with her i have to come in for an appointment. Yes, they confirmed I have to book a flight, rent a car (and hotel room most likely) and make an in-person appointment for the 3 minutes conversation I needed to have with her. DO NOT use this doctor.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
71	-1	Dr.B seemed nice every time I met with her but didn't have much knowledge of the medications, starting me off on the wrong dose. Front office would go over a week before calling in  pre auth, causing me to have to pay out of pocket 100's of $$.i had a glitch with my insurance &amp; they would not work with me, I got it straightened but the Dr. had to do another pre auth and front office again lied saying they had called it in but didn't until Thursday &amp; Becka after calling it in told me MEDICAID SAID I Didn't HAVE PHARMACY BENefITs when she had just called it in. Friday Medicaid said they were waiting for Dr.B to sign off and they would approve asking me to call Dr. office back,I called &amp; Becka from front office told me Dr. B was not going to sign off &amp; I had been released &amp; hung up on me. Front office never gave the doctor my messages.My brother called in &amp; Dr.B told him that she was afraid she was being flagged because they needed her Suboxone License# &amp; she released me. MEDS$500 IMSCREWED 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
71	1	She is the best dr I have ever delt with and never gives out meds unnessary.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
71	-1	Horrible experience with this doctor. Went in for an evaluation that lasted only 15 minutes and cost $200. I tried to contact the doctor through the office and her email that was on her card to express my discontent with the quick evaluation, but never received a response. My prescription began to run low and after numerous attempts I finally got a follow up appointment that I was told would be free during my first appointment and over the phone. However, when I arrived they tried to charge me $50. When I tried to explain the monetary situation to the office manager, Dr. Babalakin said I was rude to the office manager and refused to see me again. After explaining that I still needed my prescription, she gave me a refill, then claimed that it was her right to refuse service to me from here on out. So, basically since I didn't feel my first evaluation was thorough enough and because I expressed discontent with their business practices, I was seen as a nuisance and told not to come back. 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
71	1	Our first appointment,we were seen late by almost an hour.The office rushing to leave didnt write us the needed prescription,we had to drive back 33 miles the next business day to pick up the prescription.The next needed appointment was not scheduled during that visit,causing us to seek another doctors asssistance or miss taking behavioral medication, as they had no appointments available for 13 days and would not give a temporary prescription....very disapointed as they said this is &quot;my job&quot; and pretty much my problem/responsibility.  	2	2	3	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
71	0	Dr. Babalakin is a nice person, and her office is very welcoming. She always tried to accommodate appointments when I first came in. However, I was on the same antidepressant for 2 years, then attempted suicide and was put in the mental hospital twice in a 2 month period -- She did NOT think I should try a different med. Also, 3 psychiatrists (one before the suicide attempt, and the other 2 from the hospitalizations) all thought I should be placed on a mood stabilizer. Dr. Babalakin said NO without even discussing my symptoms. The final straw for me was that I had 2 weeks of my medication left, so I called for an appointment. I was told she was booked completely full because she would be going out of town next week. Unable to get an appt. within the 2 weeks before I ran out of medication, I asked if she could call in a one or two week refill to keep me stable until I could see her. They said they would tell her my predicament and she would call me. She never called.  	3	4	1	4 	Insurance:CIGNA
72	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Banks for approx 6 years. She is very pro active when caring for her patients. However, at times, I find that the front office staff is a bit unfriendly and could use some personal communication skills when dealing with patients. Also, the nurses may want to concentrate on their &quot;tone&quot; when communicating with their patients, which at times may come across as abrupt. 	2	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	I have been a patient of Sandra Banks for 10 years. In all that time she has continued to listen to her very pro-active patient and offers suggestions and methods of tratment that is usually on target. Referrals to other speoialists are on target and top notch for my personality and medical issues and for my insurance.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
72	-1	Very disapointed in the waty I was treated by both the doctor and her staff!!   I never did receive any helpful information regarding my medical problems.   I have since moved on to another doctor whom is already been a great help to me.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
72	1	Great doctor , listens to you and  have you feeling better very fast.. i highly recommend Dr.  Banks 	 11/2/07	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
72	1	Love her! Great doctor. She listens to what you have to say. Gives you suggestions and offers things before saying this is what we are going to do.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
72	1	Always kind, explains what she's doing and discusses options before deciding on treatments. Warm and friendly. Always checks to see if insurance will cover referrals (sends to best dr. who is in-network) and formularies before prescribing. Office runs very close to scheduled times; if not, they will call you or tell you when you arrive what to expect.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
73	1	Have seen him regularly for self and family for 5 years.  Found him open and willing to work with patient treatment preferences.  Not sure he's accepting new patients because he is a preferred provider by many.  If you can join, by all means do so.  Good humored too.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
73	1	Very friendly and knowledgeable.  Listens well and offers solutions.  Is very candid, open, and approachable.  I highly recommend him.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
73	-1	does not appreciate patient asking questions; does not endorse the philosophy that the patient is the one who is responsible for their own well being; gets upset if patient asks for a &quot;natural&quot; approach instead of pills; says he will do something but does not follow through; has no &quot;game plan&quot; other than pills 	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
74	1	Words can't begin to express how wonderful Dr. Bailey is.He is never too busy to listen to any concerns or answer any questions you may have. With my own personal expierence. He made himself avaliable to deliver my baby girl when he wasn't even on call. He truely cares about his patients and by the time your pregnancy is over and your new bundle of joy is in your arms you really don't see him or his nurse Jenna as your dr/nurse you see them as a friend or even closer as family. Thanks to Dr. Bailey and his knowledge, connections etc. I was able to have a VBAC with my second daughter having completely natural childbirth. The expierence was amazing and I plan on having another natural childbirth in the future. Of course I only want Dr. Bailey as my doctor during the most percious times of my life. Honestly, he doesn't act as if this is his job...he shares the joy with you and the look on his face when he places your baby in your arms is priceless.Thanks Dr.  Bailey for everything!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
74	1	Dr. Bailey is WONDERFUL!! During my concerns of my first pregnancy he always took the time out to talk to me. His nurse is wonderful as well. I would recommend this doctor to anyone! He is also helped me after my pregnancy with other emotional issues and is always caring and offering to help whenever I need him.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
75	1	After going to see this dentist and have major work done, i still needed to have additional work for dentures; the office assistant that answered the phone was VERY rude. Told me to bring in $500 of the estimated 1000 for my new dentures.  I had not been told this previously and asked why did she now require a deposit as I had already had 2000 worth of work done.  She replied &quot;They are free you know!&quot;  after filing a complaint with Dr. Baird he sided with her and closed my records.  My partial broke last week and I called to see if they would order me another one before Christmas and I was told that Dr Baird closed my account and wanted to KEEP IT THAT WAY&gt;  What kind of people are these&#63; Very rude, treated me and my daughter (when we were temporarily on Medicaid) like we were white trash.  I am no longer on govt asst. but am self paying. POOR customer relations 	1	5	3	5 	Insurance:Unknown
75	-1	during a root canal the drill bit was broken off in the canal and was not removed. He wasnted to wait a few weeks before continuing on to the crown. Its been 2 weeks. Not only did I get a full bill the office never called to check to make sure I wasnt having any problems. When I called to let them know I was surprised to get a full bill  and how no one called to check on me all I got was sorry this happend not sorry how is everything going. just sorry its your choice not to come back. 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
76	1	Very knowlegeable and compassionate  The office staff have always been professional while friendly.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
76	1	Great doctor, always concerned and thorough very! Great doctor overall. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
77	1	This physician is one of those rare individuals who has been able to turn the mistakes he made into an incredible personal triumph for himself by speaking openly of his own faults and who now uses his experience to help other men who suffer from the same issues that he himself once struggled with. He has helped my husband face his own demons with courage and with Dr. Balogh's candid admissions, he has helped us to see that shame is a construct of the mind that will keep you sick as long as you allow it to. Bless you in your journey back to wholeness Dr.  Balogh and keep up the good work! Many Thanks 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
77	-1	Therapy interrupted secondary to his going on probation for having affair with at least one patient. Experimented with medications that were not appropriate for disease. I am very distrustful of psychiatrists after my experience with &quot;Dr&quot; Balogh. 		3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
77	-1	Patients are guinea pigs for studies and when things go wrong he just drugs them up hoping to quiet them. Had my daughter on 9 drugs after a study went bad. Sued for malpractice & he declared bankruptcy to avoid it. Currently on probation for having a &quot;romantic&quot; relationship with a patient (yes, he's married).  Pompous drug pusher - drugs drugs drugs - he loves the pharmaceutical companies he did studies for! 		3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	1	I was introduced  to Dr. Ballard and his team about 4 years ago. They are the  most caring dental team I have experienced. I have a bad fear of needles. He understands my situation and always makes sure I am comfortable before any procedure. He never criticizes me about that. I am a grown woman who behaves like a kid when it comes to needles. They have taken very good care of my teeth and gums. Good Job to Dr Ballard and the team.!!!!I will gladly refer them to my friends and family.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
79	1	Dr. Bailey is a really great physician. He is very practical in his explanation of your childs illness. He is also very good with children, which unfortunately, is not the case with many pediatricians that my children have seen. Within the Longstreet Clinic, he is one of the best pediatricians.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
80	-1	Have had neck and back issues. Went to see him and he overlooked something blatant and serious. Had me me do pt for somthing else.  	2	4	2	2 	Insurance:Aetna
81	1	I WISH he were still in private practice!! He was my family dentist for life and a truly wonderful dentist.  I really felt I could trust him and that he had my best interest at heart.  He went to the VA to head their program.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
82	-1	.  	5	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
82	-1	I would not recommend this dentist to anyone.  When I went the first she proposed a treatment plat around 6k, told me I had all kinds of cavities and recommended I get 5 crows.  I knew something was fishy, when I went for 2nd opinion another dentist told me I had no cavities at all and did not need any of that work done.  Not to mention that she took full set of ex-rays and I had a horrible time trying to get them to release my ex-rays.  Now I know why they didn't want to release them.  She will want to rip you off big time.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Coventry
82	-1	The office staff is very unprofessional and they do underhanded things with their patients. The staff will tell you that this is your copay and then you get a huge bill in the mail from them saying that your insurance didn't cover this amount. They are very unprofessional and should be investigated by the dental association for their practices. Their office opened a credit card account for my wife and she never authorized it and charged 1800.00 to it and forged her name to the receipt. This is criminal. Something has to be done but please don't use their services go somewhere else.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
82	-1	I waited over 1 hour to be seen and doctor Bahrami was very rude and spoke in a demeaning manner to her staff. She all but called her assistant stupid in front of me. Doctor talked down to me as a patient and person and was leaving me in the room for 20 to 30 minutes at a time to work on other patients. She used laughing gas on me and left me unattened which I believe is against the law while she worked on other patients. Doctor's staff was nice but doctor was very unprofessional to staff and myself as a patient. I would highly recommend if anyone seeks out this practice or dentist to rethink it. Office is very old and outdated and very dirty looking inside. Never will return. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
83	-1	.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
83	1	DR. Bader is very helpful and caring. He takes the time to listen to you and your children. I would highly recommend him.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
84	-1	Wrong Diagnosis, Was given mega doses of steroids and now know that they were not necessary, Never on time, wait forever in waiting room and in treatment room. I would never recommend this doctor 	4	1	2	2 	Insurance:Medicare
84	1	 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	Dr. Barnes is an excellent Doctor. I  have and will continue to recommend him to my friends with back problems. I had never had a surgery before. He and his staff were just great. One night in the hospital and I was walking  pain free with no meds. Very quiet,proffessional man.  Highly recommend going to him 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
85	1	My doctor referred me to Dr Barnes office they even called for me. Visit 6 weeks later, I waited an hour was seen by his assistant,they took xrays, sugesetted physical therapy, setup an appointment for an MRI, given medication. It was a good visit. Very through I will see Dr Barnes when he gets MRI films. His assistant called me with the results spinal stenosis, surgery necessary. Saw Barnes 3 weeks later spent 15 minutes with me and explained the procedure he wanted to performe. Lumbar Lamienectomy &amp; spinal fusion This is a serious operation I am seeking secound opinion. 	5	2	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	Dr. Barnes is a very understanding, kind, and ethical surgeon. He puts the best interest of the patient first. He is very talented and gifted in his craft. I know of several people who have been operated on by him and they all say the same. He is very meticulous, fixes it right the first time. He is also very protective of his patients when in the hospital. If something is not right, he makes them correct it. He has a very calm and courteous demeanor that has earned him quite a bit of respect. Great doctor. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	Dr Barratt is great.  He made me feel very comfortable in a rough time.  He is thoughtful and caring.  His staff is pretty good as well.  I have to go in for labs often and they are always friendly.  Make your appointments first thing in the am or one of the last appts and there is very little waiting involved.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
87	1	Dr. Barrett has been my doctor for 8 years, and he has always gone out of his way to satisfy and comfort me.  He is exceptionally kind, his patience is outstanding, and he treats you like a dear friend.  A very loving person.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
88	-1	I called for an appointment to be told I could not be seen for one week.  When I questioned why it would take so long, as I was sick and could get much worse in a week; I was told it was up to the doctor to see me quicker.  The person on the phone told me they would talk to the doctor about fitting me in.  I was called back one hour later to be told that Dr. Baggett would no longer see me, as I have an attitude and was rude to his staff.  In my opinion, asking questions must be frowned upon by Dr. Baggett and his staff. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	Alwats able to get same day or next day appts. when needed, never have to wait long and he seems to really listen to your concerns and questions.  	5	5	5	4 	Insurance:Tricare
88	0	Even as a current patient, he would not see me on short notice after an ER visit.  I shouldn't have to wait 2 weeks to get in after an emergency.  Not empathetic to my issues or questions, felt like he gave short answers and wasn't willing to spend much time before shuffling me off to a specialist. Yet he is supposed to be my &quot;primary&quot; care specialist.  	3	3	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
88	1	Very easy to talk to.  My teenage son went to see him to talk about &quot;guy stuff&quot; that he was uncomfortable talking to me about.  He has always seen me same day or next during office hours if I needed it.  Seems very knowledgeable. Staff is great and I don't think I've waited over ten minutes past my appointment time to see him.  Highly recommend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
88	-1	He never fits me in on short notice.  I've tried to schedule many appointments with him b/c of an illness but I'm always referred to a medical clinic around town!  This shouldn't be the case.  	3	4	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
88	1	Good person to person skills with the patient, listens, takes into account what the patient says and thinks.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
89	1	 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
90	-1	I went into this practice with a smile, and left out depressed with my eyes feeled with tears. Girl at the front and payment desk was nice. The nurse that called me to the back, was not pleasant at all. She asked me why I was seeing the Docter, but when I told her she told me(We don't do that kind of test cause it's to expensive!!) I said yeah&#63;.. well I'll talk to the Doctor about it. When the Doctor came in 15 min later, Her attitude was ice cold and she had worse bedside manner I've ever seen in a Doctor, but, she wasn't as bad as the nurse. The time to get to understand my concerns as a new patient was not given at all. I felt that she assumed the worst about my situation, before allowing me to expain things completely. She had more personal oppinons, than she did professional. She made rude and sarcastic comments about my personal life. I was not cofortable at all.  I would not recommend her to my worst enemy! Today was my first and last time going to her! 	2	2	2	2 	Insurance:Humana
91	1	Amazing.  The best surgeon I have every seen. 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	I love this man. He was a God sent. He has helped my child greatly. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	We've been seeing him for over a year - he's a diamond! 5 stars is not enough! Not only is he qualified, he's caring, compationate, resourceful, and cautious. He's not the Dr who immediately pulls out his Rx pad, he uses sand therapy as a means to get to the route of the problem and uses chemical and psycho therapy to fix it. He's great with kids and was a ped for many years.  Mentally unstable child&#63; He's your guy! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
93	0	Didn't know if he had my records when I first saw him and I told him if he didn't I wasn't going to be very happy.  He asked if I would be mad and I said no I would be furious.  It took me from August to November to get an appointment about my sleep study which showed heart problems for which I have since had treatment. Finally got my CPAP on November 15 and it didn't have the chip he said he needed in it and the cornerstone people said they could cyheck on that and call me.  The lied, never checked, and never called.  I won't use Cornerstone medical again.  Had my CPAP at Doctor's Hospital and sife had hers at St. Franis and had her CPAP in two weeks time.  Seems to be a nice man, but will have to ge to know hime and see how things progress past the initial visit.  	 12/23/11	3	3	3	Insurance:United Healthcare
94	1	I have five children and have been using Dr. Gene as my primary pediatrician for 20+ years,  he is wonderful!  We have a working relationship that allows me to express my concerns as a parent, my opinions about my children's treatment, and past experiences, with out fear of judgement.  I have always had good results with our true team approach.  Thank you doctor Gene for being such a great doctor! 	4	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
94	1	. He is wonderful with children, He really gets to know them as well as the parents and when he gets to know you, makes you feel so conftorable 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
95	-1	The other reviewers must not have seen the same Dr. Robert Barrett that I did. I had a horrible experience. I was pregnant for the first time and had experienced some spotting. Doctor Barrett walked into the room and without examining me at all, told me you lost this one. He was not sensitive at all. He told me I would bleed for several days and better luck next time. I was shocked. He did NOT perform an ultrasound or any test to confirm his statement. I had already seen his partner, Sean Lambert and asked for a progesterone test, which they failed to do, even though they took my blood. I asked Dr. Barrett to test my progesterone and see if it was low and he said it did not matter. I went to a new OBGYN the very next day and got an ultrasound, which confirmed I was still pregnant, the baby had a heartbeat and this new doctor also tested my hormone progesterone to find out it was indeed low and put me on progesterone medicine to save my pregnancy.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
95	1	Dr. Barrett is a very caring OBGYN.  I've been under his care for a few years.  He's performed surgery on me and successfully identified and treated my endometriosis.  I highly recommend him to any woman.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
95	1	Dr. Barret and his nurse Imani were amazing during my entire pregnancy. I had a hard pregnancy with complications and it paid really close attention to mine and my babies needs. I would highly recommend him to anyone who's having or planning to have a baby.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
95	1	Dr. Barrett is very friendly and very good at including you in the decision-making process. He appreciates an informed consumer and will strive to honor your wishes. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
96	1	He's been around for a long time so he knows what he's doing! He's got the best staff...they're knowledgeable and have been with him for years. I like the way the staff really gets to know their patients. Their office manager is really sweet, and the nurse is very warm and sensitive to my needs. I've recommended him to many family and friends and they've all had great experiences with him. If I get pregnant again I will definitely have him deliver my child and I will be going to see him for my regular check-ups. Thank you, Dr.  Bannister and staff!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
96	-1	DR. BANNISTER HAS THE POOREST BEDSIDE MANNER AS WELL AS OVERALL MANNERS OF ANY DR. THAT I'VE EVER HAD TO EXPEREINCE. WHEN I TOLD HIM I HAD DIALATED AT HOME HE TOLD ME TO MAKE AN APPT. FOR THE NEXT WEEK AND HE'D CHECK ME JUST SO I'D FEEL BETTER. WELL WHEN HE CHECKED ME HE HOSPITALIZED ME BECAUSE I HAD DIALATED TO 2. THAT'S NOT EVEN THE HALF OF WHAT I WENT THROUGH THAT'S JUST AN EXAMPLE OF HOW HE TREATED ME THE WHOLE TIME HE WAS MY DR. I DON'T RECOMEND HIM TO ANYONE. 	1	3	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
96	1	Dr Bannister is very htorough and caring.  He ensures that his patients have everything they need to feel safe and comfortable in their pregnancies. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
97	-1	Made bad prescription and it took too many phone calls for her to respond to the call that the medication was not working. Then appointment set months away. 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
97	1	You would her to be your PCP 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
98	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
99	1	I went to Dr.Brian Baker in terrible pain and in need for a root canal.Instant relief and he was straight up front and honest,the most helpful dental visit I've ever had! I can write this because now a year later I have just had my second root canal by  Dr. Karen  and I cannot recommend her at all. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
100	-1	Would not return to this dentist. The staff is friendly but the cleaning was subpar and they performed additonal services in the chair and charged me without asking me first.  	3	5	2	2 	Insurance:Aetna
100	1	Outstanding dentist - I am so glad I found her office.  It's easy to find a dentist - difficult to find an outstanding dentist and office.  I would recommend her office to anyone in the Atlanta area without any reservations!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
100	1	Dr. Babo is a caring attentive dentist. She provides top quality services. Her equipment is all state of the art. They can do crowns in one day 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
