dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	Dr.Daniel performed a biopsy on multinodules of my thyroid gland.His staff were so nice and explained every step they would make and why. I was extremely nervous about having needles stuck in my throat. Dr. Daniel was prompt, and explained every thing he was doing and would ask in between if I was ok. He is a very down to earth Dr. I have been to countless doctors trying to get a diagnosed truth about a thyroid issue of mine that is complicated. Dr.Daniel did the procedure beautifully and quickly. He talked with me afterward about my options re: possible surgery and or other means of treatment. Biopsy came back negative for cancer. I am still on the fence about surgery . But Dr. Daniel and his staff sure made my visit (and by the way my first visit) so pleasant that I would not hesitate to go back. He is a class act.  	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	1	I've known (and used as a patient along with my immediate family) Dr. Daniel for 16 years. As a fellow physician I've worked with many surgeons and I can say without qualification that he is among the best. He genuinely cares about his patients and keeps up with the latest standards of care, consistently has great surgical outcomes, and has handled many complex and challenging cases with skill and compassion. Many of the medical and nursing staff at our hospital use him, which speaks volumes.  	 9/29/06		5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	-1	SEE THIS DOCTOR IF YOU WANT TO CONTINUE TO HURT THE REST OF YOUR LIFE. MAYBE ITS BECAUSE HE DOES NOT HAVE THAT MUCH EXPERIENCE. HAD RUPTURED DISC THAT IS FIXED NOW BY A REAL DOCTOR. I HAVE NEVER HURT SO BAD IN MY LIFE SEEING THIS DOC HE COULD NOT HELP AT ALL.  ITS SAD PEOPLE LIKE THAT HAVE A LICENSE TO HELP PEOPLE.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
2	1	Great Doctor and great staff. I have always had nothing but great things to say about Dawson and his staff. Would refer him to anyone with back problems. He has given us a chance to be a family again.  Not fast to pass out narcotics for a quick fix but long term solutions!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
2	1	I have been seeing Dr. Dawson for a number of years for fibromyalgia pain and Osteoarthritis.  His staff has always been very pleasant and professional.  Dr. Dawson has been wonderful at answering my questions and taking time to talk with me about how I am handling any pain that I have and has been there to help me after I had surgery and a number of dental procedures back to back and went thru an episode of crying.  He knew exactly what was wrong.  Basically, I had been put thru too much within too short a period of time and he knew exactly what to give me and within two days, my crying spells had stopped.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
2	1	The whole office was good and my appt was taken care of fast. And you can get him to call back if u want more info very prompt.Been with him over 1 yr and still happy with him.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
2	-1	This Dr. does not listen to his patients complaints in it's entirety. He tease with them and tries to manipulate in a (flirtatious way)  into his own final diagnosis.In the end when he can't do a positive and/or accurate diagnosis he find a way to shove you off and not want to return but u know you have to in order to continue treatment. He is not fair in referels of you to other doctors.  	3	4	2	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
3	1	Very friendly and caring dentist. Also staff was very helpful with insurance. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	-1	This facility is a profile of incompetency, disorganization and complete disrespect for the patients time or helath care concerns. Follow-up and follow-through, at least in my expereiences with  Dr. Danforth,  Has been non-existent. Do yourself a favor and go elsewhere.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
4	1	She takes her time with you and asks pertinent questions.  She also explains everything very well.  Dr Danforth is the best physician I have ever been to in Newnan.  I would definitely recommend her to family and friends.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	I cannot say enough great things about her.  She is the only doctor I will use in the area.  She really makes you feel like you are a priority.  I have and would suggest her to anyone I know.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
4	1	Dr. Danforth is very caring and compassionate. She is very aggressive when trying to figure out whats wrong. When I leave her office, I am very satisfied in knowing I have an awesome doctor! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	As a balloon guy, on the go, and 49 This doctor is a god send, One of the finest I've ever had. Only sorry I've moved. Calm, great listener, knows his stuff. Just tops, and I'm not one to gush. 	 6/12/09	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	Dr. Danielak was great! She gave us so many details in our test results. She was very helpful ! Her staff was great too! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	Mary is an extremely qualified, intelligent psychologist who evaluated my daughter and helped her receive extra time on the college board tests; quite different from the school psychologist.   Mary performs quite thorough evaluations and will delve to find  the underlying problems.  I have been quite impressed with her knowledge and ability to help my daughter. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	Mary is an amazing therapist.  She has terrific insight, and a great way of telling you what are ready to process.  I would recomend her to anyone who has a genuine desire to work on their issues or relationships. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	-1	I took my daughter here for ADD evaluation.  Paid $1700 for tests and was not happy with the final evaluation.  I thought Dr. Danielak rushed me through the feedback and I felt like she was not patient with my questions.  She charged me for the full time of the feedback session even though she finished with me 30 minutes early.  I asked her if I could call her to discuss further results on the phone and she was hesitant but agreed. Never used this time but needed her to fill out a insurance form that asked 3 questions about my daughter's diagnosis-.  would take 5 minutes to fill out. She wanted to charge me $70 to fill out any form. Since I had 30 minutes left on my consultation that was worth more than $70, I asked if she could use that for payment.  She refused and told me even if it took only 5 min she would still charge me $70.  I felt this was unethical and WOULD NOT RECOMMEND this doctor if you are looking for someone who isn't about just making money but really wants to help. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	Dr.Day has agreat bedside and always takes time to discuss what ever the patients issues are.  Would recommend Dr. Day to anyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	-1	The Office Staff was VERY polite and efficient, This rating is for the Physcian. The nurse came in took the history, did an exam, &amp; then the Doctor came in the room. I went on this appt. w/father who felt he needed to repeat a few details to the doctor abt. his history when he was abruptly cut off and told to be quiet and let HIM be the Doctor since He was the one who went to Medical School. He simply wanted to tell us that testing procedures were needed and get out ASAP. We left feelng like a number &amp; having some of our questions answered by OFFICE STAFF.  The way my father was treated was just plain RUDE ! 	1	3	1	3 	Insurance:Medicare
9	1	DR. Danaker did a whipple on me in May 1995 while he was at Emory ,with a 10% chance of recovery. In my book there is none any better and he gives God the credit.I have visited him one time sence Emory and have just retired at age 72 as a Fire Chife and EMA Dir. May God continue bless him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	He is very confident in his abilities, which is very comforting to a patient. He takes his time with you and makes sure you fully understand everything. He is genuine and personable. He is also thorough. I had a Gastrojejunectomy due to Crohn's Disease and he checked Everything out while he was in there. After the surgery he was cautious about my diet, something which the nurses said alot of Doctors didn't do. He is also particular about the care you will get in the hospital, only chosing to place his patients in the wing with the highest overall rating and best nurses. I was thoroughly impressed. My family was completely comforted. He's the best Doctor I've ever had.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	The Doctor is very knowledgeable and helpful. Everyone at the office is very helpful and pleasant.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
10	1	Dr. Day is a very kind, and careing doctor. He will help you in anyway he can. i saw him for the first time and i was really impressed. Thankful to have him as my dr. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	Dr. Day was so helpful.  He took care of my problem - something I thought would be difficult but he knew just what to do. I also found him to be very personable. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	-1	started seeing Dr. D'souza in 2009 when he was with Wellstar of Woodstock. my medical needs were status quo (no major/ongoing health issues).Spring 2010 I began experiencing horrible back pain on my right, lower side that seemed to get worse when I drank/ate. Made an appt with D'souza, told him that I suspected it was a kidney stone. He did exam and urinalysis; which revealed &quot;high level of blood.&quot; He prescribed antibiotic and to return in 2 weeks.3 days later pain was worse and i returned to office. He said he didn't believe it was a kidney stone (with 5-minute exam) and then referred me to Rebound for physical therapy. Weird. No improvement 2 days later, I return and demanded a CT. He complied. The CT showed a large stone in the left kidney, right kidney, and urinary tract. AND, a gallstone 1/3 the size of my gallbladder. Thank goodness I trusted my gut (literally) and not D'souza-- the doctor who couldn't be bothered.  	4	3	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	1	Great doctor. awesome diagnosis.  very knowledgeable 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
11	1	Top diagnostician 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	Dr. Dawson is knowledgable, especially regarding dieting and nutrition. BUT -- prepare to wait. She was more than an hour late and NEVER BOTHERED TO APOLOGIZE! Even on her best days, it's a half-hour wait in the waiting room. But this was ridiculous. She is curt and unfriendly, which I don't mind - I don't want to chat, I want to get down to business. But for an office that charges for missed appts, they don't seem to respect MY time as much as they demand I respect theirs. 	3	1	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	-1	I have been going to Dr. Dawson for about 6 yrs. now and for some reason her quality of care has dropped drastically. Amongst other reasons, this one instance was the icing on the cake for me. I went in for an emergency appt. and the most she did was ask me if I was still taking a medicataion that she had prescribed a year earlier. She did not examine me and I'm wondering if it was because this was not a &quot;scheduled&quot; appt. I am back on the prescription as she suggested but unfortunately my condition has not changed. It seems as though Dr. Dawson is focusing more on her specialized weight loss program which is OK but please communicate that to your other patients so that they are given the option to stay or find another doctor. I will not be going back to Dr.  Dawson! 	3	4	1	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
12	1	I went to Dr. Dawson after having problems with my period.  I was bleeding 28 days and off 5 days!!  She put me on a vegan diet.  This helped for a year however I would not keep up the vegan eating because I was not getting enough protein.  I ended up getting a partial hysterectomy.  SHE WAS GREAT.  She provided the pictures I asked for and called me a couple of times post surgery to make sure I was okay.  I recommend Dr. Dawson to anyone that ask me for a name of a good GYN. Her holistic approach is what we need more of.  People fail to understand the impact drug can have on ones system even if taken for a short peroid of time. We need a network of holisitic doctors.  Thanks Dr. Dawson.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	0	Dr. Dawson's bedside manner leaves much to be desired.  She is dry and curt.  She delivered my oldest child.  What a nightmare she and it was.  I labored way too long without medicine.  And pushed and pushed with no success.  My blood pressure skyrocketed and everyone was tense.  Just before she finally decided I would have to have a C-section she used the &quot;jaws of life&quot; and I delivered my son.  I would not recommend Dr. Dawson.  	4	2	3	3 	Insurance:Aetna
12	-1	Patience was not allowed in treatment plan.  I made numerous request needless to say none of the were profilled.  I switched 	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	-1	. incomplete workup, lack of concern, unhelpful, had to be reminded to complete requests and then the prescription was uncorrectly written 	3	1	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	1	I absolutely love this doctor!  She is ultra-professional, informed and cares about her patients. She is not only my ob/gyn, but she is monitoring my weight loss plan through her affiliation with the Physicians Weight Loss Center.  Her bedside manner is impecable, her staff is professional and helpful.  I became her patient after seeing an episode of TLC's &quot;A Baby Story&quot; in which she delivered a delightful african-american couple's baby boy.  I like her holistic approach to caring for her patients, yet you have the option of more traditional treatment as well.  After being forced to go elsewhere for treatment after an employment change and switch in my insurance coverage, I was happy to return to her care when I changed employers and she was in network with my new insurance coverage. Great doctor, you'll absolutely love her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
13	1	Dr. Danforth was a God-send! She really listened to me and was so, so helpful.  I just called my mom to tell her how much I loved Dr.Danforth! She exceeded my expectations by far! I couldn't believe how thorough she was.  I'm going back to see her in a month for a follow up but I would have to say that she was the best doctor I've ever had, seriously.  She honestly and genuinely cares about her patients and it shows.  I could really feel it and I'm so glad I went ahead to see her instead of canceling like I wanted to when my alarm went off this morning.  :) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
13	1	I went to see  Dr. Danforth and had some concerns about leg and hip pains and she refered me to a wonderful specialist.I also had concerns about my sleep apnea she referd me to a excellant ENT doctor. I know when i go to my doctors appointments i am in good hands when it comes to my health.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
14	-1	Worst doctor ive seen.  Thinks she knows it all. No heart 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
14	-1	not happy at all. works like walmart clinic. over crowded .  factory so to speak 	1	1	2	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	-1	 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	Would highly recommend Dr. Davis.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	Great Man and Great Doctor.... His care and compasion is what brings me back ....every time ! Professional to the MAX ! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	Received breast augmentation by Dr Dascombe. He is a genius. I LOVE the results!!! If you are looking for a PS in the Savannah area, he is the man to see. He is nice, personable, friendly, and his staff is awesome! HIGHLY recommend. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	After undergoing MOHs to remove skin cancer on my back, I was left with five huge deep holes that resembled gunshot wounds. Dr. Dascombe was able to close them up and continues to monitor my progress. The surgery was last October and it is now September. The scars are healing well and someday I will be able to wear a backless dress again thanks to his surgical skill and precision. I remain a loyal patient.  	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	0	Had a breast lift w/augemntation plus an around-the-world tummy tuck at same time. I had lost tremdous weight went from 215 to 130. So, breast sagging badly and kept getting cyst under them. The skin from my stomach was sagging.He did pictures of end result on computer and it WOWED me! However, the end result was terrible! My incision from around-world-tummy tuck came open in several places and got infected. My right breast though had the augumentation done was still sagging with all skin under it, and under the arm too. Went back to him for follow-ups, kept telling him about the issue. He admitted in person and by mail/email to my husband that he didn't do right breast correctly. Also, that for the around-world-tummy tuck he only pulled from lower stomach down and cut off the excess skin. That he didn't take from top (under breast and pull down) to do the around-the-world tummy tuck.  Yet, wanted me to pay the anestheia fee/more fees for him to fix his own mistakes! 	3	2	3	2 	Insurance:Humana
16	1	I had breast augmentation performed by Dr. Dascombe. I went from a 34A to a 34C. I did, however, have a few complications after surgery that I felt were overlooked and brushed off. His staff members were very helpful and kind. Overall, I am extremely happy with the end results. My scars are very minimal. It's a great feeling to be able to wear whatever I want and not have to worry about stuffing my bra anymore! 	5	5	3	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	Dr. Dascombe has done brilliant work on my numerous skin cancers and plastic surgeries.  With one on my nose, he worked hours creating a flap (using adajacent skin from my nose, rather than a skin graft that would not have matched at all (think of a dimple on a golf ball).  I find him to be bright, helpful, caring and attentive.  I have read the other 3 reviews. It seems to be human nature thet people will commonly spend much more energy to complain and condemn than to praise.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
16	-1	Dr. Dascombe performed a breast augmentation on me a few years ago. I will never use this man again! He made no attempt to check on me after the surgery and I had a few complications that he brushed off. He had a nurse that removed my stiches and she had zero personality and she was not very gentle. My results were not what I wanted and my scar is not so great. 	3	4	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
16	-1	I went to this doctor because of a cyst on my forehead and he brushed me off - even though several years earlier he was pushing the wonders of a forehead lift. Guess the cyst wasn't big enough business for him.  He had really acquired an attitude since my previous visit.  I won't be back. 	4	4	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
16	-1	I literally was in the exam room & opening by car door in 8 min. He just glanced at the lesion & said it was cancer.  I went to another MD to have it removed because of this doctor's attitude.  The 2nd did not think it was cancer but removed it and biopsied it.  It was not cancer.  This MD told me I would have a 1 1/2&quot; scar & my eyebrow would be raised and would be red about 2 yrs.  I have a 1/2&quot; scar that barely shows 1 month after the surgery & my eyebrow is not raised.  	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	Dr. D. was my doctor from 1996 to 2002 when I moved away from the area.  She probably saved my life by prescribing Lipitor for my high cholesterol and a med for my IBS.  She also treated me for a severe throat infection and was very knowledgeable about the right meds.   The staff was always friendly and helpful. 	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	Great staff and a great doctor now that she isn't spreading herseft to thin.  	5	2	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	-1	This is the worst dr I have ever been too. First the wait time is crazy. My last visit, the appt was 4:40pm. I was called back at 5:30pm, the incompentant staff could not even take my vitals correctly. Then Dr De Veranez came in about 6:15. The visit got worse. She not only diagnosed me incorrectly, but she also prescribed medicine that I did not need. Her reading of the blood work results, she was soooo far off base. Her staff could not even do a simple EKG. Then under false pretenses she sends to the hospital to have the same test. The hospital said I was correct, she was wrong. I have since found a good dr. Thank God! She also confirmed that Dr De Veranez was way off, and her diagnoisis was wrong, and she was not prescribing the right medicine, and was not even close. I am not sure how this dr stays in business. Her staff is awful and I have no confidence that this dr has a clue about what she is doing. If you are currently seeing her, I would think twice.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
17	-1	never use this doctor! Her staff is the worst you could ever emagin! They never return calls! My first appt. I showed up on time. They didn't even have me in the computer. I waited 2 hours to be seen ( no one was in the waiting room, just me) and then they tell me I would need to reschedule. Next time I went back, I showed up on time and it was 4 hours before I was seen!! Every referral appt. the office set up for me to see another doc. they never sent to the paperwork to so when I was on those appts. I was sent away because that office didn't have the paper work to see me!!! And I even took off work to go to those appts!! I will never gooooo back!  Whenever you call the office line you're always forwarded to a VM even though the staff is sitten behind the counter bumpin their gums, acting the fool...gossiping , everything else besides work!!!! A bunch of monkeys!!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	I've had two tooth extractions by Dr. D'Arco and it has been a very pleasant experience. His staff is very nice and he makes your experience as pain free as possible.  I highly recommend him! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	We took our child to see him for the first time. At the time I was impressed.  However I'm a little concerned by the amount of medications that he has prescribed for my 12 year old.  250 mg of Zoloft, with Vyvanse and Kapvay.  Needless to say we are contacting our general physician about the high dosage of Zoloft. Everyone we have talked to including a nurse that used to work at psychiatric ward has indicated that is very high.  	3	3	3	4 	Insurance:Aetna
19	1	I went to see Dr. Davis for severe depression. He did prescribe meds and they are working beautifully. If he suggests other meds you can refuse. He helped me and I would recommend him.  Bring a book because you will have to wait.  My only complaint.  	4	1	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
19	1	Dr. Davis is truly a professional in every since of the work. His knowledge, skill, and competency is second to none. He is compassionate, considerate, and  most of all concerned about the well being of his patients. Case in point yesterday after my appointment (7pm)I discovered that I had locked my keys in my car. I went back inside, told Dr. Davis and he immediately offered me a ride home (12 miles Hwy 314 N.). Moreover, he not only drove me to my house to pick up my spare key; he also drove me back to my car and waited until I was in before he left.I admit that he is not always on time, but name me one doctor who is.  	3	2	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	0	Went to see Dr Davis due to major depression related to my job. He talked to me like I was a kid. I'm 58. Would not listen to what I had to say about my illness. I asked him for time off work for therapy and taking all the meds he prescribed. He told me I needed to get back to work asap. Took 2 weeks to fax out FMLA papers I had paid him to fill out. My daughter had to call as the front office kept giving me the runaround without any consideration for my sickness. Would not fill out my STD papers and would not refund the 25.00 fee. I did not go back for a followup appoinment as he did not help me at all. Neither did the meds. I would not reccomend this doctor to anyone.  	1	2	2	4 	Insurance:Anthem
19	-1	I will NEVER go back!!  Every time you go you have to wait awhile.  I understand being 10-30 mins late. But not 2+ hours!!!  I was more stressed out waiting for my appointment then I was for the actually reason of going.  He loaded me down on medicines that there was times I thought I was going crazy.  Well crazier than what I already was.  I will NEVER feel comfortable going to him again!! 	2	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
19	0	MY WIFE SAW DR. DAVIS FOR 3 MONTHS IT APPEARS HIS MAIN GOAL IS PRESCRIBING DRUGS AND TELLING MY WIFE TO 'TOUGH IT OUT'. HER LAST APPOINTMENT WAS 2 1/2 HOURS LATE WITH NO APOLOGY. GETTING THROUGH HIS STAFF FOR QUESTIONS OR INFORMATION IS NEXT TO IMPOSSIBLE. IT TOOK 2 DAYS AND 7 PHONE CALLS TO RECEIVE A VAGUE ANSWER FROM HIS STAFF.  	2	1	2	4 	Insurance:Coventry
19	-1	Horrible, Horrible experiences.  I went to talk about my father's death because of sadness and ended up leaving with tons of medication.  We never discussed my situation.  Will not listen that there are side effects.  Tells me it's all in my head.  I waited two and a half hours with my children and noone even apologized.  When I mentioned it to the doctor, he said my son was expecting me an hour ago.  How rude is that&#63;  All he wants to do is medicate and have you come every few weeks to get the money for the office visit and there are so many people there it takes forever to get in.  My first time with a Psychiatrist and it was the worst.  He was supposed to call me back one day.  Never did.  I called three days in a row and office promised he would call.  NO PHONE CALL.....Beware and see someone who really cares about your situation and not medicating you out of your mind....  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	-1	I've been reading some of the comments from 2007 and, let me assure you, nothing has changed.  All this Dr. wants to do is make $$ off lots of appointments and give you lots of different drugs.  If you find a drug that works he will only prescribe it one month at a time so you have to come back.  I took my special needs son to an appointment with me, and the Dr. didn't even acknowledge him.  When my son made a move toward him, Dr. Stuart didn't even look at him, he just put his had up like a traffic cop.  He doesn't have compassion, he just wants to make enough money to keep his BMW shiny.  	3	1	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	Dr. Davis is very knowledgable and most helpful.  We always have to wait a long time to see him, and he does seem a bit overzealous to medicate alot sometimes, but I believe he knows his stuff and has his patients best interest at heart.  	5	2	5	4 	Insurance:Aetna
19	1	I waited for almost an hour past my appointment to see Dr. Davis, but I think it was worth the wait.  He prescribed medication which so far is helping me.  I have a follow up coming up, so I will repost for that appointment.  Despite the other reviews I would recommend Dr. Davis.  So far, so good.  	5	1	4	5 	Insurance:Aetna
19	-1	Very poor experience, did not listen, manipulated words, juat wants to medicate medicate medicate.  Very poor bedside manner, lots of friends told me later about this, wish I had known before I saw him.   Horrible! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
19	1	I wish I'd read these reveiws prior to meeting with him.  I did not feel my personal care was a priority of his.  I also did not feel as though my thoughts or views on my condition were acknowledged much less appreciated.  Again, I agree he is very knowledgable but... I felt his bedside manner not on par with my personal needs.  	1	1	3	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
19	0	Dr. Davis is a knowledgeable guy, but I got the feeling that he was scheduling far more appointments than were necessary and then once my problem was stabilized he started inventing new reasons to have more appointments. You have to stand up for yourself and not let him schedule appointments on a weekly basis unless you really truly need them. Otherwise he will take you to the bank.  	2	2	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	0	Dr Stuart is very knowledgable when it comes to medications, but if you have any questions other than about the meds or wanting to get answers he is offended and becomes unprofessional.  		2	1	4 	Insurance:Aetna
20	-1	This dentist cannot be reached with emergencies occuring on Fri-Sat-Sun. Even though a recording indicates the patient will be contacted, the call doesn't come and this wasn't just a one-time experience.  My entire family used his service for a number of years but the overall experience and results left us with no choice but to seek another provider.  He's very nice but, at the same time, a little strange (acts very nervous and hyper). I really don't have anything bad to say about him but I have nothing good to say either.  I'm merely stating our experiences.  	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	1	I have had horrible time finding a good dentist. I was really terrified to even go back to a dentist. Dr. Dean is my husbands dentist so I decided to give him a try. Well he is go great that I now take my 6 yr old to him. He is so gentle, comforting, and very nice.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
21	1	Dr. Day and his staff are wonderful!! They do not rush you and sit down to explain everything. They listen and encourage.  Would recommend and will never go to another!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
21	1	He is one of the best Doctors I have ever gone too.  He sets and listen to your ever word, he does not rush your time and I would recommend him to anyone.  	 8/7/08	5	5	5	Insurance:Humana
21	1	This Doctor is a great! Hes very knowledgeble,proffesional,and helpful. The staff is polite as well. Would recommend this dr.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	1	He lacks communication skills, he is half prepared to discuss your medical case when he comes into your room, always seen like he wants to rush you out of the office, talks down to you.  	3	4	4	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	-1	Thinks  he really is G-d. He is arrogant &amp; chauvanistic.  He does what he wants and does not listen to the patient 	2	5	1	3 	Insurance:Medicare
25	1	My personality does mesh to great with this doctor's and I don't go for anything other than my annual exam, so I've never really tested his knowledge.  His office is kind of weird because he shares it with his brother who is a GI doc, so you're waiting for your annual looking at pictures of inflamed intestines.  I wouldn't recommend him to a friend, but I can't say I'd strongly discourage it either. Just so-so. 	4	4	4	3 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	Pretty good.  Shares office with his brother - gastroenterologist 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	1	Dr. Daugherty is extremely knowledgeable and immediately established an open environment in which I could express my thoughts, feelings, and concerns.  Great doc! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	The best therapist I've had.  Wish this is who I started with.  There was something about her that allowed me to share things about myself that I have only told God.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
27	0	I will admit that I had a poor attitude about my experience during my previous two visits with the Phlebotomists. She failed to acknowledge that I made 2 attempts.  I felt as if she was verbally attacking me based on her patronizing tone.  There were 2 attempts to draw blood and both times, they failed to find my vein.  But I didn't get a chance to mention that. The word that comes to mind about Dayalans behavior today would be condescending. While I was being candid with her upon her request, she called me disrespectful and ungrateful and went on about how she stayed late to see me.  She asked me about my my ratings on my blood sugar and I honestly could not remember what it was since it had been over 3 months since I last took the reading.  She continued to patronize me for not knowing the number and after three times of going on about this, I finally told her I was done with the subject. I'm the one who chose her as my doc. And I was really surprised at her behavior.  	5	4	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	1	I went to the hospital, via ambulance, with chest pains on a 911 call.  I was admitted, and told that before I could leave, I would have to be checked out by a cardiologist.  I had met Dr. Davidoff two days prior while visiting a friend in the hospital and I was impressed by her professional manner; hence, I requested her as my cardiologist.  She reviewed the data from all my tests and told me I needed to have a nuclear stress test.  She reviewed everything about the test and how it would be administered as well as all my options.  Her staff was every accommodating in setting up the test and ensuring that I had all the information about it (test is tomorrow).  So far, I am very happy with her as a cardiologist.  And the most important reason I chose her is that the friend I was visiting said that Dr. Davidoff had saved her life.   Thank you! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	1	I saw Dr Davidoff in here Warner Robins office. She did a thorough check up on me after an anxiety attack which others thought was heart related. She helped me quit smoking after 24 years and easily added 10 years to my life.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
29	1	She is great, she listens to your problems and never makes you fill rushed. I recommend her to women who are looking for a doctor that seems to be generally interested in all your problems. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	Wonderful Dr to my wife although he had to refer her to Dr Travis for surgery.  He answered all questions asked of him and said a surgeon was needed.  I also thank Dr Ford for her recommendation to him.  Dr Darrah is straight forward with his diag and tells it like it is.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
30	1	a very competent doctor, straight forward about what needs to be done, isn't overboard with meds, surgery or tests. great sense of humor, staff is great. i highly recommend him 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	Very thorough, very patient. Will do a lot of tests, rather than invasive surgery when he can help it. Will only push therapy when you want it. Generous with his time, though he sometimes runs late on his appts. due to emergencies.  Good doctor! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	1	Best doctor !!!!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	0	Makes many appointments on top of each other, and has made me wait many times.  I put up with it, because this is what doctors do.  Today I had a terrible experience, and had to write about it.  My wife must have made an appt a few months back, they called to confirm with me, for her and our three children, not sure why they didn't call her.  I said ok, and called her to remind her.  We changed our insurance recently, and when she called them, found that they do not accept our plan at all.  The doctor called her back immediately and screamed (and cursed) at her, saying our family were &quot;irresponsible, low-life idiots&quot; as well as other things for wasting his time, then hung up on her.  I went into the office immediately, asked the lady at the desk to get him so that we could speak about what he said to my wife, he screamed from the backroom that I should leave immediately, and they should call the police, and how awfull of people we were.  I couldn't believe him or his behavior.  	2	1	1	4 	Insurance:Oxford
32	1	This is by far the best office staff and Dentist I have ever had the pleasure of going to. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
33	-1	Would not see me after surgery, and had to see another doctor to correct the surgery that Dr. Davis did already.  I would not go back to him, ever.  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
34	1	My surgeon at Emory referred me to Dr. Davis for my radiation and I'm so glad he did.  That was two and a half years ago.  I've been pleased every time I've dealt with him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
35	1	Great doctor, Professional surgeon. I would recommend him to any woman. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	-1	In Dr. Davis's office you usually have to wait at least an hour or two sometimes and while delivering my son.. a massive fistula was caused and he said it would be very simple yet never returned my phone calls and then refered me to a surgeon instead of the 2-4 stitches he said it would take which has resulted in five operations within a year, loss of my job, loss of being able to spend time with my son much less hold him and a colostomy! It has been an AWFUL-HORRIBLE can hardly describe his practice! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	1	Dr. Daly really saved my life. I had a very complicated problem requiring an even more complicated surgery. None of the other surgeons I tried to get to help me would even talk to me. Dr. Daly knew exactly what was wrong with me and what needed to be done. My insurance didn't want to pay for the surgery but Dr. Daly and his EXCELLANT staff fought for me and got me approved. I think Dr. Daly is the BEST! He is friendly and knowledgable and I would highly recommend him. You do have to wait a long time in waiting room (take a good book) but nobody grumbles.... everyone there doesn't mind because he is such a good doctor and worth the wait! Great friendly staff! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
37	1	Excellent physician. Came highly recommended by my Oncologist. Quickly put me on the right antibiotics and got me through my chemotherapy.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
37	-1	Cold. Did not listen to me at all. READ a paper from the CDC website to follow instruction. Told me he'd give me more tests and did not. Overall, very disappointing and I left feeling worse than before I was &quot;treated. &quot; 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Humana
38	0	He was my doctor during my third pregnancy. I had leg cramps due to a vitamin deficiency and he had no clue - he suggested panty hose! A friend advised to take Magnesium - which the doctor should have known- and my leg cramps ceased immediately. I should have never let him deliver my baby - doctor was in a hurry because it was the end of his shift - he didn't coach me at all like my previous doctors did - and my son suffered the consequences - his collar bone broke during delivery due to Dr. Deary's poor coaching/inexperience/being in a hurry. My baby was in tremendous amount of pain for weeks. This incident happened January 2005. I hope Dr. Deary has learned from his mistakes since then.  	5	4	3	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	1	Dr. Deary delivered my first child and is currently taking care of me while I am pregnant with my second. Hes wonderful. The nurses there are so sweet and nice. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	He is great. His is always helpful and seems to really care about any issues or problems you may have. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	Great friendly doctor for children.  Staff great, too 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
40	-1	This doctor is very rude and has no  respect for women. I have not gotten over my traumatic experience with this doctor performing the procedure.It was an outpatient procedure involving a dye that is introduced into the uterus to the fallopian tubes see if there are blockages. The speculum that he used was not the right size and so I had the most painful experience with the procedure.He would not walk you through, he doesn’t even explain what he is doing, he had to insert the instrument and take it out about 2-3 times.He told me to relax and was pissed off when I said I was feeling pain.He said he is not able to see what he needs to be looking at. When I told them to stop, he walked away just like that and told me that if I don’t cooperate then he is not doing the procedure.  I am dealing with infertility that is why I had this procedure.This satanic doctor made it even harder for me.I had been traumatized and did not want to have any other procedure done. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	Great doctor; so popular had to expand his practice.  Did my hysterectomy...no complaints before, during, after procedure.  Still does follow up appts.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
42	1	I was referred to him in mid 90's by a friend who is a malpractice attorney.  Raved about him.  He has been my doctor since.  Now he is my wife's, my mother in law's , my sister, my sister in law (and her mother), my daughter and nephew's doctor.  Always accessible for a work in, thourogh.  Although doctors are generally bright, He stands out with his knowledge and  excellent demeanor.   My only worry is that he may retire before I am done with him! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
42	1	I agree with the other raters.  Very knowledgeable, friendly and he convinced me that my health was very important to him.  I cannot give high marks to Chatham Medical or his staff. He is worth putting up with his staff for.  	2	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
42	1	Dr.Daugherty is warm,approachable, kind, concerned and very knowledgable. Excellent diagnostician. He is trustworthy and listens exceptionally well. I have asked really stupid questions that he has answered without making me feel stupid - and without laughing or correcting me! He spends adequate time and never seems rushed. Staff is marginal but worth overlooking for his care. Parking is free.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
42	1	very friendly, empathetic and willing to listen to patient's problems/symptoms. Very considerate - does not rush thru appt. Would recommend very highly.  Friendly, helpful staff, also 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
43	0	He was really nice but did a horrible job. I had moles removed and he told me that the scars would be gone in a year. Its now 5 years later and the scars are still VERY noticeable. He is nice when you first meet him but then after that he gets rude and doesnt want to spend time with you. He is always trying to rush everything.  	3	4	2	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
43	1	I had reconstructive surgery on one side with augmentation to the other. After consultation with Dr. Davoudi,  I listened to his expert recommendation and together we came up with a plan.   I am very happy with the results so far! 	 2/7/12	5	4	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	0	He will sell you on his charm and tell you what you want to hear. Had tummy tuck and lipo and not good results at all. He even suggested a revision. Poor contouring, left very noticeable chunks that should've been addressed in surgery, dogears on both ends of incision, pubic hair raised over 2 inches,overstayed time in OR and now owe more money. My results are awful and I don't trust him to redo. Go somewhere else! Don't let him fill you with false hope and smile his way to your cash. Follow up is almost non existant. 	3	2	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	Words are just not enough to express the level of joy and happiness I feel when I look in the mirror today, two weeks after Dr. Davoudi enhanced my “life”. My arms and abs have been something that has always prohibited me from being who I wanted to be, and wear the cloths that I wanted to wear.    Dr. Davoudi with his expertise and skill, along with his staff has given that back to me. From the beginning all the way to the end, Dr. Davoudi’s staff was all the most warm and extremely professional people I think I have ever met in a doctor’s office.    He definitely has one heck of a team and I do not hesitate to recommend him to everyone and anyone needing a change to their body!    Thank you to all of you for making my experience so very wonderful! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
43	-1	tummy tuck , flank lipo, breast lift, implants .  tummy tuck looks good, lipo is lumpy  and still in pain (over 2 months)  my breast are the worst -   I have one large round breast with 2 inch nipple ... one long skinny breast with 1 inch triangle nipple.   I had to go to ERs for care or pay other doctors,  looking into another surgeon to fix my breasts .  I have many pics.  and video from the crappy hospital care the night after surgery ... I sat in a pool of blood for 5 hours ... calling nurses over and over 	1	4	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	Dr. Davoudi is very handsome and smooth. He was very attentive until I paid him. The price quoted went up by about 40%. I felt that the rushed and provided no post surgery follow up. 	3	4	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	Dr. Davoudi did a great job on my breast lift. I am very pleased witht he results. The only thing I would have him change is adding more mature staff to his office. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
43	0	Dr. Davoudi lied to me. He made me believe that  he would do my breast reduction the way that I had asked, but he ended up doing what he wanted to do. Now I am stuck with extremely small breasts and almost lost my husband because he told me whatever I needed to hear so that he can make $. I think my satisfaction and well beings should be put before a doctors income. I am very disappointed and my marriage and love life will suffer for the rest of my life because I wasn't givin what I asked for.  If he wasn't going to give me the results that I wanted then he should have told me and I could have made other arrangements and maybe would have gotten the results that I asked for.   My warning to all is, Dr Davoudi is similar to a car salesman. He is very smooth talking, basically telling you what you want instead of asking you. Some astic surgery is irreversible, so think twice and make sure that this is really a decision that you want to make because it can be a life long mistake.  	 2/17/11	5	3	2	Insurance:Aetna
43	-1	Dr. Davoudi was very nice during the initial consult but just as another patient stated AFTER surgery he was very short with me. I drive 2 hrs to his office and his total time with me takes less than 5 mins and he wont listen. I regret going back to him for a revision on my arms because he did not do what I asked him to do. He DOES NOT LISTEN! I thought I would save money going back to him but it was a total WASTE! Do not waste your money with Dr. Davoudi. Research and try another doctor because now I have to pay ANOTHER doctor to fix my arms and I am terribly depressed about it. 	4	4	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
43	0	Was very nice when i met him for my consults. after surgery, for follow-up appts, he was very short with me. Didn't seem to care about any on my concerns. When i call about a problem, staff would seem almost irritated. I am getting a revision by a diff. DR because he didnt give me what i asked for. 	4	4	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
43	0	I needed breast reduction for medical reasons. He came recommended by my Dr's office. I was measured and pictures taken. I saw him long enough to ask what I wanted and the staff did the rest. Should have been my first clue. I saw him once more before surgery. We again talked about that size I wanted. I came from a 38 DD and asked for a full C cup.  He never visited me in the hosp. I went back two weeks later to get my tubes out. Of course I screamed as it was very painful. He said quite you will scare people. I looked at him like you do this and see how it feels.  By the time I healed and could finally wear a bra none of the C cups bras I bought fit.  I ended up with less then a B cup and I have to wear a padded bra. I have jagged scars and my nipples keep peeling. It has been year and a month since I did the surgery. My insurance paid $17000.00 and my share was $1750 The worst money I ever spent.  Would never recommend his services again and I let my DR who recommended know about it.  	 12/27/09	5	3	2	Insurance:Aetna
43	1	Dr. Davoudi did my tummy tuck and lipo. The results are GREAT!!! He really cares about his patients. He was even willing to come in on New Year's Day if I needed him too. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	Excellent dentist with a equally excellent staff.  Very honest and respectful. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	I had the most positive experience, pain free, and great bedside manner. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	Dr. Decker is one of the best, not only is she knowledgeable but she is compassionate with her patients. Ever since I started as one of her patients I've been extremely satisfied.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
45	1	I was very impressed with Dr. Decker as well as her staff, I know I was a nag, but they never let on that I was a bother to them. Dr.  Decker preformed my surgery, and I've been completely satisfied, I would refer anyone to her, she's wonderful! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	1	Not only is Dr. Decker my OBGYN, but as soon as my daughter was of age, she started to see her, as well.  We both love her and trust her completely.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
45	1	dr decker was my doctor for 3 years, i have since moved away and am now required to go to the dr at a factory-like facility in my new city. i miss dr decker and her staff....they sent me yearly reminders for my visits and always got back in touch with me in a timely manner. dr. decker herself is easy to talk to and always recommended the least invasive procedures....i would move back to savannah just to be treated like a human when i go to the docter, vs. just some sort of number, as i am now.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Providence
45	1	Dr. Decker has been my obgyn for three years.  It is great to have a young doctor who is up to date on all the latest procedures.  She takes the time to answer all of your questions. If she's running late, it's because she treats all of her patients equally; like they are her only patient. I have reccomended her to others.  Her staff is caring and compassionate and work to your schedule not theirs.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
45	1	Dr. Decker is a wonderful OBGYN.  Sometimes you have to wait longer than you'd like when you show up for your appointment, but the quality of service is well worth it.  Not only does she spend as much time as the patient desires answering questions, she is slow to recommend any type of surgical procedure unless she knows all other options have been used.  She's been my GYN for 4 years, and delivered my first daughter a few months ago.  fantastic doctor.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
46	1	Dr. Jill Darling is fantastic! She takes time with you and does not just go through the motions like most Chiropractors.  I traveled 1 hour to her office.   Great Lady! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
47	0	Never on time. Doesn't listen to patients especially on dialysis.  Difficult to understand and VERY impatient 	4	1	2	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	-1	I thought she was rude, made it well  known she was Dr davenport with a PHD. I dont feel as if my question were answered or we solved any problems. 	5	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	I Love Dr. DavenPort and her staff. She seen my son and she is th best, she gets to know you not only the problem, and she gets right to the point.  I would recommend her to the world 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
48	1	Although, not overly warm and fuzzy, has great empathy and helped me to put things into perspective.  I am very thankful to Dr. Davenport.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	1	Ms. Davenport has helped me tremendously. I've developed great insight from her.  	3	3	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	1	I thought she was quite compassionate.  She listened and challenged appropriately.  I would recommend her to others.  	4	5	4	4 	Insurance:Tricare
48	-1	Rude, arrogant, doesn't listen to the patient. 	3	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	In our eyes, this physician is an angel with wings.  Have never encountered a more compassionate, caring and knowledgable physician.  Without a doubt, he saved my husband's life due to a rare medical condition.  Very few physicians today will take the time to prary with you and your family prior to surgery.  Can not say enough good things about this physician.  Highly recommended.  Always answers questions thoroughly and explains his thoughts in detail.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
49	1	The BEST! Very kind, courteous, respectful and listened closely to all my issues. Recommended sleep apnea surgery and I had it and it was 100% successful.  He should give classes to other doc's in Savannah on customer service! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	-1	I went due to stuffy ears and decreased hearing.  I got a hearing test and was told yes I did have decreased hearing.  I knew that already.  He wanted to try a treatment to see if I had bruxism.  I had told him that this had been ruled out by my dentist.  I was given a prescription.  This medicine was a duplicate (very similar) to something I was already taking.  It made me think that he did not listen when I told him the meds I was on, did not fully look over my chart, or was unfamiliar with the product I was taking.  I have not been back due to lots of billing problems from the office staff.  They did finally get the bill fixed but it took several calls and 3 months.  I have had chronic ear infections since then and I think I will try a sinus doctor this time. I was disappointed in the visit.   I was hoping clear up some of the stuffiness 	2	5	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	-1	No bedside manner, doesn't bother listening to you, and is not hands on.  She will diagnose you from the computer, write a prescription and see you next week! 	4	4	2	2 	Insurance:Aetna
51	1	Dr.Dawson is a highly intelligent and loving woman.My daughter loved going to see her!!! Unfortunately, she moved.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
51	1	Dr.Dawson is one of the best psychiatrist who I have seen for 12 wonderful long years and will still be except unfortunately she moved to North Dakota.  May God bless Angela and I don't appreciate people trashing her good name! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
51	1	Excellent physician!!! Clinical workers were helpful as well.... Office staff seemed to changed frequently.. that seems to be the norm in Doctors Offices.. Regardless- you will be sorely missed in here in the Atlanta area!!! North Dakota &#63; Who is for global warming now &#63; God Speed.. Go Dawgs! 	 9/1/09	3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
51	1	Just to clear up some of the other comments, the people who haven't met with her often may not have noticed it and have taken offense - one of Dr. Dawson's eyes actually does not focus on you, so she isn't trying to be rude - she has a disability.  I agree that her general office staff leave a lot to be desired but I have found her to be knowledgeable and helpful.  She will work with you if you are medication averse.  She helped me move my child from stimulants to non-stimulants and then to a combination that worked better to meet both needs.  You just have to ask her, the majority of parents want medications so it's probably a breakdown in communication.  She does sometimes come across as aloof but she was very empathetic when I went through medical problems myself and even though I was only there for my child's med check-ups, she took the time to talk to him about how he was handling my hair loss (chemo) etc.  	1	3	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
51	-1	Billing problems - overcharging on patient contribution resulting in numerous calls to insurance company for help.  Staff was rude and argumentative, although I understand there is a new office manager.  Only use her for med management every 90 days to get RX refill + and dread the meetings.  She doesn't connect well during the 10min sessions, poor eye contact, feels very condecending and low empathy. Her questions and answers sound rote without any real interest in background or historical qualifiers.  She came highly recommended by my internist but I don't think I would recommned her personally.  	1	2	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
51	1	Once again Dr. Dawson has come through for me as well as her new office manager , Lynn. I needed an emergency appt for my teenage daughter and the scheduled her right in and spent a great deal of time talking with us.  The office staff was very accomodating and I will definitely refer frends co workers and other family member to see her.  I hope she is still taking new patient.  Thanks alot Family Behavioral Health.... 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
51	1	I HAVE REALLY TRUSTED DR.ANGELA DAWSON W/ MY TREATMENT. SHE HAS HELPED ME W/ ALL OF MY ISSUES. DR. DAWSON IS VERY EASY TO TALK TO AND SHE IS VERY KNOWLEDGABLE ABOUT MY MEDICATIONS. sHE ALWAYS REMEMBERS WHO I AM AND TAKES THE TIME TO LISTEN AND REALLY HELPS IN OUR SESSIONS. I REALLY WOULD RECOMMEND DR. DAWSON TO ANYONE WHO WOULD NEED HER SERVICES.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
51	1	I took my child to Dr. Dawson and my first impression was that the staff first off was awesome and very helpful. I love the fact the Dr. Dawson took her time with me and my child in answering questions and letting me know what was wrong and how we can both help her. I would go back and I am going back. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
51	1	Very pleased. I felt she really listened and connected with my son.  	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
51	-1	Very bad doctor has no real knowledge of childrens problems. VERY willing to pump kids full of drugs. Was in and out in 10 minutes and the whole time she wouldnt even look at my child or even listen to her. She said its a mental imbalance right in front of my child and made her feel like she was retarded. I wish someone would do something about this lady as she is no credit to doctors anywhere. Then I found out later she billed medicaid for a bunch of stuff she never even did. Glad I only paid what I did and she said that was because it wasnt covered. I hope she is truly stopped by someone. Her staff was also very rude and even made my child feel dumb 3 times. I was so glad to get out of there.  I will never return!!!!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
51	-1	Terrible! The doctor was only in the room a few minutes, but just wanted to push prescriptions. She was overly impressed with her own knowledge and looked off to the side, never at my child or myself. I would never recommend her, ever.  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
51	-1	Did not make eye contact with me and ignored the presence of a concerned family member who accompanied me to one appointment. Very eager to prescribe multiple drugs; but not willing to help with tapering off of an antidepressant with a short half-life to avoid withdrawal symptoms. She half-heartedly acknowledged the discontinuation syndrome associated with this medication; but offered no suggestions on how to discontinue the medication other than skipping days. She was not aware of what the lowest manufactured dosage of the medication was. Prescribed an additional antidepressant to treat insomnia, a side-effect of the first antidepressant, since one of the side-effects of the second one is drowsiness. 	2	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	She gave us attention and explained everything in a manner we could understand. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
53	-1	You should plan on showing up 30 minutes late because he will not see you before then.  Staff is rude at best and certainly not knowledgeable.  I went in for a physical and had to read and explain the form too him &amp; staff because they could not follow simple directions and left half the form blank.  	2	2	2	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
53	1	After four years of the worst pain I have ever had in my life and TWO surgerys, After the two doctors who did the surgerys gave up on me Dr.Danna is still there to help me with this. He never gets mad at hearing me complain about my pain and is always there to help me in anyway. I can say that if it were not for him I could not live with this pain any longer. I have now moved to Acupuncture a doctor that Dr.Danna sent me to and I have been pain free for a month now! So I will wait however long I need to in his office because I know that I will be taken care of by a real doctor who cares about you and not just the money! And his office staff of Besty and Ann are wonderful! These people have saved my life!! Which is more then the two surgens have done.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
53	0	I was never happy seeing Dr. D'Anna. Office visits were always 30 minutes to an hour beyond the appointment time. Dr. D'Anna could have cared less whether I got the help I needed or not. He is a joke and by far one of the worst doctors I have ever had to use.  	1	1	3	3 	Insurance:Tricare
53	1	He is the most wonderful and personable doctor I have ever had.He Really cares about you and will bend over backwards to help you! He did have a problem with staff for a while but they are all gone. He never forgets anything about you and will consult with other doctors and study your case on his own time. I have been with him for almost 20 years and I just pray he never retires.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
53	1	Very good doctor who unfortunately has had some bad luck hiring staff.  Don't let his staff reflect on his ability, he's an extremely good doctor and has treated me since I was a little girl! 	1	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
53	0	The staff is rude on the phone and in person. The doctor always seems too busy to really deal with patients. 	1	2	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
53	0	Very poor office staff except for one employee. 		3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	Staff is bad but Dr. Daus is good. I wish he had better staff and delivered somewhere besides DeKalb Medical Center.  	2	4	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	1	Dr. Daus has been my ob/gyn for 16 years and saw me from my teens and through the birth of my child in my late 20s. He was my mom's ob/gyn as well and delivered 2 of my little brothers, one of which was a preemie and is a thriving teenager today. He is an excellent doctor with a wonderful sense of humor to help relax you during your visits. He is very easy to talk to and very helpful with questions and concerns you have. 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	The dr is awesome. The staff are the worst any professional office could ask for! They are so rude and they are not welcoming at all. Would not go back just because of the staff!! 	1	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	Dr. Daus is wonderful.  He has been my doctor for over 15 years, brought both of my children into the world and helped me through other issues.  A wonderful doctor and person.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
55	1	Dr. Dalal takes time to listen to his patients. He is an excellent surgeon, and a compassionate human being! I'm so thankful to have found him! After two previously botched surgeries, performed by less than competent surgeons, Dr. Dalal took on my case and repaired my shoulder. I felt/feel like a new woman! My entire family is so grateful for this man! He has earned our gratitude...Hope &quot;Dr.  D&quot; continues to be blessed! Thanks, Angela Spradley 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
55	1	Dr. Dalal was very helpful, friendly and knowledgeable with me.  He did an excellent job on my hand surgery.  The only problem that I had was the wait in the waiting room was terrible.  	4	2	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
55	-1	1+ hours late on appt. did no exam at all, agreed to an mri and wanted to inject me with cortizone without any discussion. Told me my insurance &quot;sucked&quot; (yes, he said &quot;sucked&quot; and that my injury &quot;sucked&quot;). He talks at the speed of light and sends in a woman before him who asks you a bunch of questions then he comes in later and has no knowledge of what she asked.  He is terrible.  I wouldn't recommend him to anyone for any injury. He is a disgrace to the medical field.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
55	1	Dr. Dalal has been extremely helpful on the several occasion I have had to visit him due to sports related injuries. He listened intently to my problems and full explained what he beleived to be the cause. I have highly recommended him to friends and would highly recommend him to anyone else.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
55	-1	Had to wait 2.5 hours for my scheduled appt, which is rude in and of itself. When I did see Dr. Dalal, he didn't do a full exam and insisted on doing cortisone injections. I was ok with that--people with orthopedic issues usually have pain! I wasn't even on the exam table as he was prepping me and I asked him to wait and NOT do the injection until I adjusted my position in the chair. He said, &quot;Ok&quot; then immediately jabbed me. I was so surprised that I flinched and he verbally snapped at me. Afterward, he sat on the exam table (I was still in the chair), turned his back to me, and then proceeded to dictate his notes into a mini-recorder. I felt so violated and ignored. My new orthopedic dr. and my physical therapist said the head dr. at Dr. Sinal's office is good, but that Dr. Sinal &quot;isn't a very good doctor&quot; and &quot;doesn't know what he's doing.&quot; AVOID.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
56	1	I've been seeing Daugherty for years. The wait is always awful and the waiting area is blinding from the sun during afternoons, and hot in the summer. The wait time in the exam room for him is usually long too. But he is always worth the wait. He always cares about my health, takes his time with me, answers all my questions, and if he can't fix it he knows who can and referrals are always easy. The wait time is shorter if you can make a morning appointment on Mondays or Tuesdays. 	4	1	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
56	-1	Dr writes prescriptions but does not follow up on the effectivness and just prescribes more or other medications. He does not check what he already prescribed.  	4	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
56	1	Great doctor, knows what he is doing. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	. Great doc very helpful I fully recommend 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
58	-1	Because of Dr. Davis' neglegent staff and herself, my daughter was not allowed to enroll in school.  It is May 2011 and no one has entered ANY shot records into the GRIT system for my daughter since July 2009.  This is just one of MANY unreliable instances in this office.  There is never a doctor on call and Dr. Davis is only in the office about once a week.  The answering service sends you to the ER who in turn wants to know why you are NOT at your primary care when it's 2:00 on a Monday afternoon.  Everything I have written are specific incidents that occurred with me and my children.  These are just to name a few.  My advice steer clear of Dr.  Stacy Davis!!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
59	1	Excellent dentist, kind and gentle, knows what she is doing. I highly recommend this dentist.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
59	1	I had a broken tooth and made an appointment with Dr. Dabbas. She was kind, gentle, painless and very professional. I had to have a root canal and a crown. It was truly a pleasant experience.I highly recommend her to my family and friends.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
60	-1	Several years ago I gave birth to my first child. Not expecting this doctor to arrive to deliver the baby, her bedside manner was terrible.  She snapped at me and said you're not on my list!  Not wanting this person to do the delivery, I got out of bed, dressed, and left the hospital with my husband.  Delivery was scheduled the following day with this doc's partner---no problems.  	5	1	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
60	1	I have been going to this doctors  for about 5 years. She is very cordial and nice and very attentive.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
61	1	I have Diabetes, Fibromylgia, Degenerative Bone Disease, COPD, Vitamin D Deficiency, High Blood Pressure, Sleep Apnea and other things, and for years doctors have just pilled me up for the pain and never helped, Dr. Daily-Smith took the time to assess, test, and evaluate my problems. She always takes the time with her patients, I am not just a patient on the books. If she feels that you need more evaluation she will refer you to a specialist, which I have gone to one that could care less and did not help me, once I told Dr. Daily-Smith, she of course appologized and referred me else where, understand she is can not be responsible for someone else down fall. Dr. Smith corrected my medications, and now my pain level is controlled without junk drugs, and I am 500% satisified with the medical service that I receive at her office. I would recommend Dr. Daily-Smith to everyone and I do friends that have tried Dr. Smith love her as well. I have never encountered anything bad from her staff.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
61	1	My husband went to Dr. Dailey-Smith after a terrible experience with a Dr. in Rome. She discovered dangerously high 400+ cholesterol and with diet and meds had his cholesterol under 100 in 8 weeks. He stated that in his 50+ years he had never had an MD give him such personal attention nor seem so genuinely engaged in patient care. Thanks to Dr. Dailey-Smith we were able to procure new health insurance for my husband that went from $810/mo to $410/mo. I feel that she likely saved my husbands life.  To the detractors, to some degree you must advocate and take responsibility for your care.  We did when we left the care of the physician in Rome.  Thank the good Lord we found Dr. Dailey-Smith as it is likely she saved my husbands life. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
61	-1	She gave me a sample of a drug that had an interference with another Rx she prescribed and when I caught it, I called to notify her. I received a call from her nurse saying the dr. had not had time to read the interaction info because the sample was new!! DUH!!!  Her front staff does not return phone calls. Two items were miscoded forcing Medicare to reject the claims. I finally got in touch with somebody who corrected it, but I cannot get anyone to call me back regarding the other one.  I cannot recommend this doctor to anyone, especially Medicare users!! 	1	3	2	1 	Insurance:Medicare
61	1	I love this practice! The staff is very welcoming, friendly and knowledgible.  I hate going to doctors but Dr. Dailey-Smith listens to me, puts my fears to rest.  I feel very confident that I'm getting the best care available.   I highly recommend this practice! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
61	1	Dr. Dailey-Smith and her staff, SAVED MY LIFE!  I totally disagree with the other people's ratings.  She is an excellent physician, knowledgeable and easy to talk to.  I love WeCareMD, I would never go any where else!  You will not be disappointed. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
61	-1	I would never refer anyone to Dr. Smith. I went there for an illness I had been having. Everything seemed fine until she suggested going to get lab work done. Ok, no problem had that done and was told by her that I should call her on Friday for the results. I placed a phone call to her office as she had requested and asked for the results.I was told she would call me back by 3pm or no later than tomorrow. Well, I did not receive a phone call from her until the next Wednesday. After placing at least 3-4 phone calls to her office. By that time I had seen my regular doctor, went to pick up the lab results myself and had my doctor read them. My doctor even called Dr. Smith's office to have them fax blood work results. We had to call twice to get that. It turns out what Dr. Dailey smith labeled as &quot;nothing to worry about&quot; was in face a serious life threatning illness. How dare you call yourself a doctor that &quot;cares&quot; for your patients, when you can't return a phone call. Do not use this doc. 	2	3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
61	-1	I told Dr. Smith up front that aI didn't have great insurance coverage and trusted her to not steer me wrong and she proceeded to refer me to 2 specialists for procedures that were unnecessary and very costly! I will not go back to her and I do not trust her at all! 	4	4	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	Not only is Dr. Mary Dailey-Smith an excellent doctor she also has a fantastic NP MS. Cook. We Care Md staff is great.  They are always very nice and helpful.  I am able to get a same day appointment all the time.  My questions are answered within a timely manner.  The wait time is a usually office wait time of 30mins.  They have an x-ray machine and a procedure room in the office which is great.  Again this practice is fantastic.  I recommned anyone in the nearby areas of hiram, ga to use this practice.  They treat infants up to geriatics.  M. Dasher 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
62	1	Up to date on the latest treatments available. Extremely knowledgable. Excellent bedside manners. One of the few doctors around that really wants to help everyone that needs him. He saved my arm when others had no idea what to do. I will forever be great full for his out of the box thinking.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	1	After severely dislocating a finger I went to see     Dr. Dantuluri. He was able to perform surgery the next week and things went very well. I would highly recommend.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
62	1	Simply put  - the best doctor I have ever seen.  Easy to talk to - very very intelligent.  He made me feel very good about having fairly serious surgery.  Would recommend to anyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	1	Very kind and caring. Wants to help and no issue big or small he will do a thorough job. Listens, asks and cares. I recommend him to anyone, even my own my family members. I also asked him questions not directly related to my condition and he took the time to listen and advise me on the best possible thing I could do for myself.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
63	-1	very abrupt and complained how cheap Medicare is.  	4	4	1	2 	Insurance:Medicare
64	0	I was told he was very intelligent but he never had any answer for me to correct nerve damage.   5 .years  I was given blood and urine tests regularly so he knew my intake habits yet I was always treated as if I was an addict looking for drugs.  I always asked about corrective surgery to which he never gave any hope.  We had a communication problem.  I felt as if he had never experienced major, chronic nerve pain.  Many times he left me in excruciating pain.  I lived with pain the whole time I was under his care, settling for just enough relief to be able to mentally bare.  Being told this was all he could do.  I submitted to physical therapy, back injections, and acupuncture, none relieving pain more than temporarily.  Christmastime he informs me he will no longer provide service and releases me with a list if pain clinics and 30 days medication.  If you expect to be treated with compassion and have your well-being be priority find another doctor.  	2	2	2	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
64	1	I cannot thank Dr. Danyo enough. I have fibromyalgia, a chronic pain syndrome that some other doctors don't believe in (although there are a million reasons that it's valid). Dr. Danyo never questioned my pain, and is trying to help me through acupuncture as well. If it wasn't for him, I'd be in huge amounts of incurable pain every day. His staff is wonderful. (FYI: He doesn't HAVE a PA. He's a pain management doc, not a spinal surgeon. He can't tell you where all your nerves are - nobody can - so, him landing on a nerve during an epidural can happen. And he has rules for his practice, like any other pain management clinic. If you mistreat him or his staff or knowingly break those rules, then due to the serious nature of the drugs he prescribes, you can be thrown out. I try to be as nice as possible to him and his staff, and I have never had him or them be anything but nice. One nurse can maybe be a little curt, but I only saw her once, so I don't get these complaints about his staff. ) 	 9/26/11	5	4	5	Insurance:CIGNA
64	-1	Contacted Dr. Danyo's office after finding their website (physicianpainwellness.com)to see about getting an IME. Spoke with Julie Graham via email on Fri 4/8/11 about scheduling an exam. Was quoted a price of $800.00 for records review and complete medical exam. Exchanged emails with her again on Monday 4/11/11, then she ceased contact with me. Also left her a message on her voicemail with no response.  Left voicemail with office stafff on Friday April 15th, 2011 and nobody called me back again.  I was trying to get an IME for a Tort claim against the Department of Veterans Affairs. First they are more than happy to help me, then all of a sudden they quit talking to me with no explanation.  Luckily i had not purchased an airline ticket to fly to Georgia.  I still have not received any explanation of the sudden change or why they will not return my phone calls or answer my emails.  I do have emails to back of my claims above.  Not happy with their lack of professionalism. 	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
64	-1	I've been seeing Dr. Danyo for many years and have found him to be less and less sensitive, helpful or even attentive.  He avoids questions on how else I can improve my back pain.  I have become acutely aware that he is only interested in getting you in and out, doing as little as possible and talking about the weather rather than helping to find long term relief.  Yes, he is just pain management. don't go to him for answers or for a cure.  He has caused more pain by hitting nerves (yep I jumped off the table) and damaging soft tissue with radiofrequency ablation.  If you're going to make someone wait 1 1/2 hours why put them in a cold room with nothing to read.  Let them sit in the lobby with comfortable chairs, TV and mags.  Staff is incompetent to say the least.  I'm searching to find a decent caring dr. for degenerative discs, sciatica and bulged disc.   Help! 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
64	-1	Had a horrible experience with Dr. Danyo.  The epidural went into my nerve...and was extremely painful. When I called an hour or less after my appt to talk to the Doctor, and asked him why it went into the nerve (I thought perhaps it had to), he replied that if it had I would have jumped off the table.  I told him at the time it was horrible pain and then he said he had hit a nerve and when asked I said that the pain went all the way to my foot.  I believe the medicine was delivered into the nerve and now I am in worse pain and the procedure was excruciatingly painful.  He was extremely rude on the phone and hung up on me.  	 12/21/10	3	3	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	-1	Very rude and cold reception girl. I waited 1hr for my appoint......then I had to go. They said I was irresponsible and did not want to see me again for missed appointment !!! The need to get some responsible help or go out of business.  	 7/26/10	1	2	1	Insurance:Medicare
64	-1	stay away from that place - very rude personnel, over 2 hours wait for 30 seconds of the doctor's time. I really don't know who posted the good comments... his staff&#63; 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	1	Very caring doctor.  Listens to you and hears what you are saying. (Those are two different things!). Dr. Danyo is very knowledgable and has been able to manage my pain effectively.  I know most comments on sites like these are made by people who are disgruntled.  Please know there are some very satisfied patients of Dr. Danyo walking around.  I select my health care professionals based on word of mouth recommendations from others.  Dr. Danyo is a consistent referral I've heard from many amongst my network of individuals.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	1	Dr Dayno is a great doctor and I am going back to him.  I don't want surgery but do need his help.  I too did not care for his P.A. but when I said I didn't want to see him, I did not have to after that. Nurses and staff was always very good to me.  I think he does a GREAT job.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	-1	. Bad horrible experience!  I would recommemd staying as far away from this &quot;Dr&quot; as possible! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Assurant
64	1	Non-invasive, willing to try alternative therapy, listens! May have saved my life! After being on Tylenol for a year and telling numerous dr's I was concerned Dr. Danyo heard me and did a liver panel blood draw. He found that my liver enzymes were elevated and gave me a new med to take that does not hurt my liver and works far better than the tylenol. He takes his time with you and really listens. Lets you partake in your care/choices and explains them well. He's not just a great doctor he's a fantastic human being and I'll forever be grateful to him for helping me.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	-1	Take drug test and they come up negative, yea me too.  Medicine is out of your system by this time.  I am not a &quot;druggie&quot; or any type of dependency.  I have accute sciatica and am in constant pain.  TYLA I think this is her name, had called my phone 11 time for me to come in.  I was out of town and tried to make appt when I came back.  They never bothered to return my call.  She was very RUDE for a so called professional.  She had also placed these cals from her personal phone, because I used the number to call her back.  I pay CASH in FULL ea visit, they are RUDE, and VERY unprofessional people. 	2	1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	Dr. Danyo and staff have helped me a lot with my pain. For those with negative comments, a pain management doctor is supposed to help manage pain. That's why he's called a &quot;Pain Management&quot; doctor. He is not a surgeon and he cannot fix you. For those of us who can never be fixed having someone manage pain enough so we can live is a godsend. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
64	-1	Danyo sent the wrong report to Social Security, said he'd send the right one, never did! I didn't find out until I went to a new Dr I had been seeing this quack for 35 months! Was only interested in seeing the next patient!I Passed a drug screen, but failed it! The medicine I take (prescribed by Danyo,) is used up by your body! In other words when the effectiveness of the drug is used up by your system, there's nothing left in your system for a drug screen to find.So I took 2 urine tests, both results were negative So I failed them because my system had used them up. I had mentioned to Danyo numerous times that I had ran out before the end of the month, hence no drugs in my system! Danyo's a joke as a medical provider! I wouldn't let him treat a stray dog!!!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	It's hard to find a doctor who listens, takes into account what the patient is saying, and then discusses the available treatments.  I've had many successful treatments (ESI's, RF's, Blocks) that have controlled my pain, and for the issues that are not treatable through a procedure, I thank god that I have a doctor who is willing to prescribe pain medication.  For those who disagree with avoiding surgery, surgery only addresses stability issues, Surgeons don't guarantee pain relief, so any doctor that tells you once you have surgery, your pain will be gone, RUN!!!  If you happen to get pain relief following surgery, count your blessings because it may be short lived.  Look up the term &quot;the domino effect&quot; when investigating spine surgery.  It may be a short time before needing the services of a pain management doctor again even if you have opted for surgery. Once you've had surgery, good luck finding another surgeon that is willing to address your spine issues.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	-1	Thank god for real doctors, and I don't mean this one. I should have gone to a surgeon years ago but Dr Danyo told me to postpone my surgery as long as I could. Almost 5 years of agony and pain killers, and the problem was cured in 5 hours by a real doctor fixing my back with a spinal surgery. After 3 weeks I was back at work , and now, six months later, I am back to my normal life without any restrictions. No more pain or pills for me. The only regret that I have is waisting several years of my life listening to somebody who could not help me (as far as I know Dr Danyo is not a surgeon). I guess I will never know why he could not just say: &quot;sorry, it is over my head, you need to see another doctor&quot; but rather let me suffer all those years telling me to put off surgery for a long as I could.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
64	1	I've had nothing but a positive experience.  It's hard to find a doctor, like Dr. Danyo, who is willing to actually listen and take into account what the patient's complaints are when diagnosing and treating, especially in situations when there are not any tests to verify the patient's pain. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	To the response on the pain pills, if you get meds. that means you cannot be cured, only managed and be thankful for that. You could just be left to sit and suffer. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	Personable. Takes time to discuss concerns and explain issues related to medical condition. Phone calls have always been returned on the same day.  Emergency work-in appointments were available on multiple occasions with unexpected pain flare-ups. Out of six appointments, the longest I've waited was 40 minutes; more often than not the wait has been less than ten minutes.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
64	-1	Very rude and irresponsible staff, there is no way to get anybody on the phone, never return your messages. Staff (including Dr Danyo) blames insurance company for delay in services and procedures, mix up after mix up in filing paperwork with insurance company. After we switched doctors, insurance delays disappeared and all procedures were approved and done very quickly. 	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	One of the best doctors I have seen in years. Always on time, cares about his patients. Staff is friendly, helpful and knowledgable, an asset to Dr. Danyo's practice. I feel blessed to have found this wonderful doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
65	1	Friendly, easy going, tends to refer one to other doctors rather than addressing the problem himself.  	1	2	4	4 	Insurance:Medicare
66	1	. great doctor! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
67	-1	I had been into this ER the day before seeing Dr. Davis - I'd accidentally slipped and fallen into the side of my bathtub, and I was in pain that was just getting worse and worse. He refused to do any tests since they'd all come back fine the day before, and then told me it was all fibromyalgia and yelled at me for trying to use an ER to treat chronic  pain. As it turned out... Traumas can take a few days to show up. The reason I was in that much pain&#63; I had broken a rib, punctured my spleen, and was slightly bleeding internally. I went to another ER the next day after the dressing-down he gave me, and I was in the hospital for a week after they discovered what was wrong.  	 9/26/11	1	1	1	Insurance:CIGNA
68	1	My recovery was great. Dr. Dasher has his office in Macon. I saw him in another doctor's office in Griffing.  It is wonderful to have surgery in my home town and to have a good physician 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
69	1	This dentist was awesome!  I am terrified of dentists.  The staff made me feel so welcome and comfortable.I was able to have treatment done the same day.  Overall a great experience 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
70	1	VERY KIND AND DOES A GREAT JOB. I HAD SURGERY ON FACE AND AM VERY PLEASED.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
70	1	Dr. Davies is an excellent plastic surgeon. She is very friendly and knowledgeable. Her work is amazing. I cannot say enough good things about her. I will never use another plastic surgeon. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
71	1	Dr. Das is an ENT surgeon.  He emailed and called my son daily to check on him once discharged from the hospital.  Dr. Das is a very compassionate and skilled surgeon.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
72	-1	DO NOT GO HERE! This guy has no idea what he is doing and thinks ALL chiropractors are stupid. In my humble opinion, D'Auria doesn't know what he's doing. Additionally, this guy tells me he's going to call within a week after he reviews my records and then over two months later, I had to call him. Then he tells me that he's trying to save me money. WTH&#63; My insurance is paying for it - how is he saving me money&#63; I think he just forgot about me and didn't have the balls to tell me that he forgot. Moreover, he tells me that I need to get rehabilitation when he just put me through physical therapy. I asked what's the difference and he didn't have a good answer. Why did I waste me time&#63; 	5	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
72	-1	 	2	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	Dr D'Auria was very thorough with helping with my back following my car accident. He also referred me to another specialist concerning my headaches. He and his staff were very professional.  	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
72	-1	Avoid. I was made to feel that he was too busy to give diagnosis, yet there were no other patients in office. All conversations were conducted in hallways as he rushed out of exam room when questions were asked. The entire staff seemed like they were in training or had just started. Very poor patient care and disorganized.  		2	1	2 	Insurance:Aetna
73	-1	MANUEL A. DAVILA, DMD. This man is disrespectful and gives the feeling that he is better than you. His bed-side manner is sub-par. As a patient, you are simply another dollar sign to him. I would not recommend him to even my worst ememy. The practice would do well to remove him completely. The only reason I am spending the time posting is to warn others of him.  	5	3	1	2 	Insurance:Humana
74	1	I could tell she knew her craft right away which put me at ease. I was extremly impressed with her knowlege of my condition and that i took her 5 min verses the several visits to my orthopedic. All the people in the waiting room obviously loved her- she hugs everyone. Sometimes you have to wait, but it's worth it. She takes her time with each person so waiting didn't matter once I understood how caring she is.  Just a wonderful experience for me and I'm cured! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
75	1	Wonderful! Knowledgable with a wonderful bedside manner. Takes the time to talk to you &amp; doesn't rush. She along with all of the other doctors/nurses/staff at Douglas Women's Center are AWESOME! HIGHLY recommend 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
76	1	i have found dr.davis to be very knowledgable and helpful and one of the most concerned doctors i have ever met or been to.  i cannot imagine how anyone could rate him anything but the best.  His medication recommendations have been on target and very,very helpful. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
76	-1	This doctor specializes in suboxone therapy; however he is completely undesucates about basic aspects of this drug such as mechanism of action. He has often given me faulty or misinformed medical advice on aforementioned drug, resulting in numerous problems for me including bad drug interactions and problems wih post-surgical pain management. Also on several occasions he has prescribed to me medications that I later found out had adverse, possibly fatal, interactions with eachother. In fact, he has tried to prescribe me the same MAJORLY contraindicated medication on two separate occasions!! I always find myself having to check up after him to make sure he hasn't prescribes me something dangerous or hasn't given me bad medical advice.  I have had to do much independent research on his faulty and educate him myself using my findings. It is unacceptable to me that a supposed specialist has no clue about the medication he is prescribing, and has come so close to causing me major harm 	3	3	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
77	0	 	4	2	4	2 	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	Very great practice, our primary care physician.  	5	4	4	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
79	0	Commendation from Georgia State Legislaturehttp://www1.legis.ga.gov/legis/1999_00/fulltext/sr41... 				 	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	Personable and friendly. Atmosphere was great. Really seems to listen. No questions money back guarantee on glasses and satisfaction guarantee on contact lenses. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	Best in the Boro!  Not treated like cattle, oh my &quot;Lord&quot; did I say that! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	Wonderful! Dr. Deal is wonderful and so is his staff. I always enjoy my appointments and know that I am well taken care of.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
80	1	Dr Daftari is an excellent surgeon and communicator. His bedside manner was excellent.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
80	1	Very knowledgable and very helpful.  Had disc replacement surgery between c6 and c7.  Awoke from surgery and the pain was gone.  5 months later and still no pain.  Would highly recommend the surgery and the doctor.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
80	-1	Would not recommend him to anyone else.  Daftari and his staff made me feel like my time and money was wasted.  He did not listen to what I had to say and his staff didn't either they were more interested in me hurrying up with the paperwork and leaving. 	1	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	If you need an outstanding neurosurgeon here's your man!  Knowledgeble, dkilled and very careful that you will know what he will do and what the results will be.  He is great to work with and confidence inspiring.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
80	1	I'm an active 59 year old male. Over the last three years (2008 - 2011) I was suffering from increasing numbness and pain in my neck and left arm due to a bone spur and disk narrowing.  Shots helped at first, but in 2011, it became necessary to undergo surgery. My orthopedic surgeon, Tapan Daftari, MD, did a fantastic job of the surgery July 14th at Kennestone Hospital, Marietta, GA. I am free of the symptoms that I was experiencing. I am again able to enjoy life with my family and I feel terrific!!  I only have great things to say about Dr. Daftari, his skills, and his great support staff.  I also want to say that Kennestone Hospital was great as well.  I was extremely well cared for.  The surgery went exactly as planned in a timely and efficient way, with no post-operative complications.  The staff was VERY professional, facilities clean and even the food was good!! (5 Stars to all) 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
80	1	I, as many others, have found my paperwork frequently lost and a few appointments not show up.  Staff work is sloppy and cold reception.  LONG WAIT! Daftari himself is extremely knowledgeable and wants only the facts as proven in tests.  I can respect that although a bit cold.  Fast paced and seemed annoyed but DID hang around for ALL of my MANY questions.  Not very sympathetic to patient lifestyle or pain.  This will be my 4th back surgery after failures.  Seems scared of lawsuits and cautious in answering my questions at first. He did open up and recognize me as a &quot;person&quot; by my 5th visit.  Then instead of answering only statistics, he finally did start giving me advice based on his experience.  He is arrogant (like all my other spine surgeons have been), but appears to be more aware of the complexities of my surgery than any of my other 3 opinions so far this time around or previous surgeons.  I think his fast-paced and hard-to-swallow mannerisms may be worth it.  	1	2	4	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
80	1	Dr. Taftari was very thorough in his pre-surgery examinations and testing to provide the most accurate recommendation.  I decided to have the anterior lumbar disc replacement surgery.  It has been six months since the surgery and I have almost no pain!  My husband and I just spent five days walking around Savannah, GA and I had no discomfort.  Prior to the surgery I could not walk for more than 10 minutes without being in extreme pain.  I am extremely grateful to Dr.  Daftari for changing my life! 	 9/20/11	4	3	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
80	-1	DO NOT GO!!! Dr Daftari was the worst dr experience i have ever had. I waited two hrs in the exam room because they lost my paperwork. Daftari came in for 5 min and did not listen to a single thing i said. While I was waiting on him he was flirting with some of the staff members and talking about what he wants for lunch that day I believe he said he wanted long john silvers. He was flirting this whole time while i am in pain and waiting on him to see me.I have a very serious neck injury and he did not care one bit was very arrogant and seemed to not care at all about my injury. PATIENTS BE WARE!!! This guy sees you as another paycheck and would rather flirt with his staff and make jokes rather than do his job. I will not ever go back and will make sure everyone i know does not make the same mistake I did.  This guy is a joke, the DMV will give you more help and info than this scab dr will 	 5/14/11	3	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
80	1	excellent DR and fabulous outcome.  very respected surgeon.. refer all my friends to him 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
80	1	this is a great doctor.I am not looking for a good buddy. I am looking for the best doctor and he is the best! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
80	1	Very straight forward doctor. Accounting office needs help, but doctor is very knowledgeable and knows what he is doing.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
80	1	he took time to explain everything to me and seemed very trust worthy 	5	5	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
80	-1	This doctor is not very caring, very rude, he has a God Almighty attitude, his staff is not very caringI found another doctor, also his office lost my patient records,and I was told they will call me when my patient records was located, I called them back the following day, and was told my records had been found they had been misfiled. Sloppy work, this doctor is in a rush to get to the next patient, I am disgusted he was not helpful and I went to see another doctor with great results. This this doctor is not recommended.Some of his former employees do not think very highly of him , including former patient I found out. 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
80	-1	I had an appointment with Dr Daftari, I waited in his office close to one hour,then he could not find my back xrays and I had to wait another 45 minutes, until they located my back xrays, because the xrays showed up in another office/same location, but with another patient,he looked at my back xrays, and told me to see an orthopedic doctor, he is a surgeon not a regular doctor, and walked out of the office, he did not recommended an orthopedic doctor, but was very rude and none caring, and in a rush, and lacks communication skills.I talked to my primary doctor who recommended an orthopedic doctor, also my doctor was disgusted with this doctor nasty attitude.  I do not recommend this doctor 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
80	1	He talks one on one. explains everything to you so that you can understand.He answers all questions.he tells you what to expect after surgery. What you have to do in order to have a quick recovery.He did my back surgery in 2007 & now he's doing my neck.2009 . I trust him. I drive a schoolbus And have to work he's helped me stay on the job. My back is pain freenow thank to him !!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
80	-1	Not only does the staff at the Austell office does not care or is knowledgeable, seems this office has a bad habit loosing patients appointment schedules and records. I waited for over one hours until they found my records, follow-up and compassion is non existant in Dr Daftari office. Daftari himself is very rude and does not care very much about the patient, I never felt so deprived of pertinent information and general compassion for humanity, he is not a good doctor, he is always in a hurry to move on to another billable patient.I do not recommend this doctor he is very arrogant and cold, and only sees money in a patient. I absolutely do not recommend this doctor 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
80	1	Dr. Daftari is an AWESOME back dr. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
81	-1	Dr. Davidson has no personality at all.  All he does is look at your pump and tell you what to do with it then the minute you leave his office you are in trouble because he tells you do take too much insulin.  He does not listen to you and has no patience with his patients.  I traveled too far and paid this man too much to be my doctor for him to act the way he did.  I was not his patient for very long. 	3	1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	Very nice,friendly and the most knowledgeable Dr. I have found in this field. The staff is excellent. He is caring and listens to your concerns. You have to wait a little because as I said he takes his time with you.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
82	-1	Does not listen to her patients. Basically told me I was lying to her and that I was just depressed because my husband is in the military. Have since gone to a new doctor and found that I have MS, not depression. Extremely rude, and acts as if you aren't worth her time.  I recommend every stay away from her! 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Tricare
82	1	Excellent! Staff and Doctor are incredible. I have been with her for 10 years and love going there. My 4 children never complain about going to the doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
83	1	Dr Dawson is one of the best doctors I've  seen. He delivered my baby like it was his. He was encouraging and prompt even after calling him at midnight he still showed up and performed his wonders. Highly recommended. Thanks Doc.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
83	1	I've been a patient for about 3 years. Dr. Dawson is the most caring, involved OB/GYN I've ever been to. I actually enjoy or visits, and feel like he genuinely cares about his patients. Not only is he knowledgeable, he's very kind and easy to talk to. He makes sure to answer all your questions and leave you feeling well taken care of. He is almost always right on time and never rushes your appointment. His staff is helpful both in the office and when you need to call in about questions. No question is &quot;too stupid&quot; and they are prompt in their answers. They also have a wonderful online service that allows you to view all your medical records and test results. The only downfall is that the billing office is not very compassionate or willing to make payment arrangements. That being said, I once owed a lot of money but had an emergency situation and Dr. Dawson was kind enough to override them and allow me to come in regardless. Overall Dr.  Dawson and his office get an A+ from me! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
83	1	 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	He was my doctor for 10 years and I credit him with keeping me alive. Unfortunately, I had to change when he implemented the $1500 annual copay. I will miss you Dr. Dannehl.  Leonard 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
84	1	Dr. Karl Dannehl has been my internist for over 20 years. I am very satisfied with his knowledge, bedside manner and the personal interest he takes in me. I'm glad a friend referred me to him way back then. 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
84	-1	I first saw Dr. Dannehl concerning some symptoms I'd been having in my esophagus. He correctly diagnosed my problem as acid reflux, but he never asked me about my diet. He just me some expensive pills to take for the rest of my life.  Anyway, I eventually stopped taking the pills. I changed my diet and lowered my carbs, and now I rarely have problems with reflux. But he was of no help in diagnosing the real problem.  A few years later, I had some lab work done. Even though my glucose level was in the pre-diabetic range, Dr. Dannehl called it &quot;normal.&quot;  He just told me to get a little more exercise, which was poor advice, since I was already getting a lot of exercise. After doing more research (including paying for my own glucose meter!), I discovered that my body cannot tolerate a lot of carbs, so I made some major adjustments. He gave me absolutely NO advice about lowering my carbs or changing my diet. If I'd listened to him, I would've probably ended up with diabetes in a few years.  	2	2	2	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
84	1	Friendly, informed, personable, great at diagnosing problems. However after numerous visits where I was kept waiting an average of 1&1/2 to 2 hours I switched Doctors.  	5	1	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
84	1	Great guy whom I have had as my PCP for 25 years. I was originally referred to him by one of the top orthopedic surgeons in Atlanta. Staff is good, but (as noted by another writer)difficult to contact on short notice for prescription refills.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
84	1	Dr. Dannehl has been my PCP for nearly 6 years when I first moved to Atlanta and he was highly recommended to me by a family friend.I quickly saw why, Dr. Dannehl is a very nicer, younger Dr. that takes time with his patient and REALLY cares.Dr. Dannehl has gone way above the cal for me in the past when I was dealing with negative personal issues in my life and he took time out of his 100+ patient days(that he now has to see because ins. now pays Dr's practically nothing for our visits)but when I was hospitalized in a not very pleasant fashion he got on the phone with me and called me at the hospital and called the hospital numerous times on my behalf to help coordinate my discharge.I love Dr. Dannehl and have referred tons of people to him but because for the firs time in my life (I am only 32) as of yesterday I no longer have health insurance &quot;because of the economy&quot;my employer &quot;no longer can afford to provide it for us&quot;I am very sad by this of course and pray things turn around.  	1	3	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
84	1	Dr. Dannehl is an excellent doctor, but his staff is terrible and it is very difficult to get a prescription or appointment on short notice.  	1	4	3	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
85	-1	The doctor wasn't even there for my follow-up visit.  I also called the staff shortly after he'd prescribed new meds as I had a terrible headache and other side effects.  They could have cared less.  The staff let me sit there for an hour while they wrapped Christmas presents.  I didn't know you could stay in business like this.  Will never go back.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
85	1	I have seen Dr. Dass for over 2 years, including 4 hospital stays, 2 of which he was my assigned doc @ the Clarke Center/Mem Hosp. If you are unfamiliar w/him, he does seem to be an elderly doc with a poor memory &amp; whose accent is often difficult to understand. Now that I know him, he is a caring doc who listens to me about my meds &amp; situation. Yes, he is ALWAYS late. The reason is, he sees 3 groups of patients @ Memorial's Clark Center-- One group in the morn, one group @ lunch (why they're closed from 11:30 to 1:00) &amp; one group after office hours. I acknowledge he should lighten his patient load in light of his hosp work. He does have a PA now w/whom you may schedule your appts, which is especially helpful if all you need are you regular meds. There is usually NO wait for him.  	4	2	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
85	-1	Waited 2 hours for 15 min of him talking about nuerons to me as if I were an imbecile just so he would re-prescribe the medicine I was on since the age of 12. Cares nothing about paients, just tries to cram asmany in as possible and not absorbing 1 iota of what they say or who they are. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
85	-1	I met with Dr. Dass, and he got my chart wrong, prescribed me medications after only sitting with me for 15 minutes. The Medications he prescribed ended up giving me hives, and when I went back to tell him what he had given me was not working, he just upped the dosage. His patient care is terrible and he even had the audacity to tell me that I was doing better, when I was infact doing worse and never gave me the chance to explain, all of this after waiting for two and a half hours to see him. Very unhelpful, and very disappointing.  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
85	-1	I agree with other comments - a terrible doctor who should not be in practice. I would consider him dangerous to someone in a crisis.  I shared this opinion with my current psychiatrist and he admitted that he had heard this from others.  What a shame that Dr. Dass has vulnerable patients in his hands.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
85	-1	Completely unhelpful, as long as there is not an issue at any point, they are compliant.  However, as being a doctor, he is not there for the well-fare of his patients.  Response time is very long, even in an emergency situation.  The best altenative, deal with them as little as possible, and not if all if your insurance allows it.  I don not have a long history with him, but in the small time it has been difficult getting my concerns met.  	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:Medicare
85	-1	He is just uninterested. Period. Uninterested in his practice and the patient. Once I got there 15 minutes early for the first appointment so I could get out in time for another appointment. He waddled in around an hour late! Then, he took his fast food breakfast back to his office, closed the door and ate it before he saw me. This is intolerable! Once I got back there, he went on and on about himself! I didn't get a word in edgewise. Of course, I missed my other appointment because of Dr. Dass. The worst Doctor I have been to in 20 years. He actually mentioned he was only working to pay off his home! He is not evil, just burnt out and should have stopped working long ago. His staff has adopted his uncaring attitude. Sad, pathetic place.  	 2/19/10	1	1	1	Insurance:Medicare
85	0	Didn't seem to really listen. Last visit it took him 5 minutes of hinting and a correction that he was treating ME not my husband. Does seem to know his meds. Not someone I can discuss my detailed sympotomes with.  	5	5	2	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
85	1	. Wonderful doctor 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
86	-1	He is just not nice.  I know anyone can have a bad day, but that is no reason to not be nice.  I will NOT return to him, I did change to one of his partners.  I feel sorry for his staff.  You can tell he makes life pretty miserable for them.  	5	1	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
86	1	Dr. Davis is an excellent surgeon. He is very dedicated. 	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	Dr. Davis is an excellent doctor. 	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	I have not had to any issues with wait time with the exception of one, and that was only when one of her patients went into to labor and she wanted to do the delivery v/s someother dr. I was understanding b/c I would want her to do the same thing if that was me. I was still given the option to see the practioner. She is he best and I will never ever leave this practice. If you are blessed enough to get her as a dr, go for it.  You will not be disappointed with her 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
87	0	The worst experience ever. Waited for an hour to see her and when she finally squeezed me in between procedures, she did not look at my chart to realize that she was reviewing test results that she ordered. (she thought that I came in because of pain) In addition, she did not explain that I needed to have a precautionary test...she just stated that I could have Cancer.AWFUL experience. Will never return.  	1	1	2	3 	Insurance:CIGNA
87	1	Dr. Camille Davis-Williams is one of the BEST OBGYN's in the State of Georgia!  She was highly recommended and now my entire family (myself, my 2 daughters, my sister and mother) all come to her for our services. Too often, people today are always in a rush/hurry--But this is OUR HEALTH! It takes time for Quality Care. (I personally would never want to rush a physician that is dealing with MY HEALTH—My ideal physician is one that will take their time when dealing with symptoms in order to properly diagnose) Therefore, for me &amp; my family, it is worth the wait to see a Doctor who cares.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
87	1	Dr. Camille Davis-Williams is a great doctor, however she is never on time with her patients.  If you have plenty of time to sit around and waste to wait to see her for 5  minutes then go for it.  She was my OBGYN for 20 years, but I had to drop her and get another OBGYN because I got tired of scheduling my doctors appointment for one time and not seeing her until 2 hours AFTER my scheduled time.  It stressed me out too much.  They used to have you call in for your test results, now they have you come in and pay yet another fee just to get your test results.  She does not take time out with her patients like she used too.  If you actually get to sit down with her and talk to her after your appointment, then it must be your lucky day!  I think she has too  many patients.  	2	1	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
87	1	Excellent, friendly and caring.  Her office staff is very professional from the telephone call to the visit.  It was wonderful to know that she is a product of the last Dr. Mack Jones, my previous doctor.  Dr. Davis-Williams is very knowledgeable, friendly.  You are not left feeling like another number.  I will continue with Dr. Davis-Williams.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
87	1	I haven't seen Dr. Davis-Williams in a long time.Iwas one of her first surgery patients.An exelent Dr.I will never forget her and her kindness and patience. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	Excellent doctor.  She's very calm, takes her time, and always talk with EACH patient.  For this reason, sometimes the wait is longer than usual (which can become frustrating. )  OVERALL, SHE IS THE KIND OF DOCTOR THAT NEEDS TO BE TRAINING OTHER DOCTORS!!!!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
87	1	I haven't been seen by her in some time but when I did she was very pleasant, patient and  knowledgeable.  I never had to wait very long to see her when I made an appointment.  In my opinion she is an excellent physician.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
88	1	Dr. Doa is the best. She is very helpful and has a wonderful / great bed side manner. She always ask about my life style / family to her understand me and meet my medical needs. She even gets on me, when I don't do the right things for my health. I would recommend Dr. Dao to anyone. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	Dr Dao is amazing!!!!!  She really takes time with each of her patients.  I would recommend her to anyone who is looking for a caring Doctor.  She explains things on the level of understanding.  She never talks above you or looks down on you because you ask questions.  She actually encourages questions from you.  She is the BEST. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	For years,I complained about stomach problem. I visited several doctors offices but only Dr.Dao listened and was able to seek out a positive outcome. She knows are work and deligently seeks that u are happy and satisfied. Keep up the good service.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
88	1	Dr Dao is a great doctor. She's caring and professional. She went out of her way to help us in an emergency situation. She'll take time to listen and compassionate. We're happy to have her in our area.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
88	1	Dr. Dao is great -- she really cares about her patients.  The toughest problem I have had is on occasion getting through to her office (they do need a new voicemail system -- or heck, just a direct line during office hours!).  HOWEVER, she and her office has made time to see me during a couple of &quot;pseudo-emergencies&quot; that I have had (Me: &quot;I've got road rash from a bike spill, and it's starting to discharge -- should I worry&#63;&quot; Them: &quot;Hold on one second.&quot; [Few seconds later:] &quot;Can you come in now&#63;&quot;)  They don't overbook, and I've rarely had to wait more than 15 minutes to get in once I have an appointment.  I do wish they had slightly expanded hours, but all-in-all I've been very happy, and the treatment I've received has been top-notch.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
88	1	Dr. Dao is an amazing doctor! She really listens kindly and gets to know you. I often feel like my doctors are trying to rush me through or make their decision regarding diagnosis/treatment within 30 seconds of looking at my chart -- Dr. Dao takes her time, asks a lot of questions, and makes thoughtful decisions about the best ways to move forward. I never feel rushed or like she's not taking my concerns seriously. She frequently calls me personally to discuss test results or to follow up and see how I'm doing.  All in all, I'd sum up Dr. Dao by saying that she combines all the personal attention of a small-town doctor with all the knowledge/resources of a city doctor.  :) Can't recommend her highly enough! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
88	1	Dr. Dao is a wonderful doctor, very knowldegable and caring.   She speaks with clarity and in laymens terms, helping to make a visit with her the most comfortable it can be! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
89	1	Dr Dawson is the BEST. He is not only a great physician, but a great person. He is very skilled in his field and compassionate. He talks to his pt. and family with respect and hope even in hopeless situations. THE BEST !!!!        His office staff however is the complete opposite. They are rude, cold, and insensitive. I only had phone contact with them but it was extremely bad. But if you can stand that you will not be disappointed with his services at all. 	1	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	my son has ulcerative colitus, I am 100% sure that Dr. dawson saved the life of my son! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
90	1	Listened and cared. Helped me when no one else would. Sees most of my family now 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
91	0	He does put you at ease.  The time you have to wait to see him is horrible. 	3	1	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	This is the best obgyn i have ever had she was real nice respectable and didn't act as if i was bothering her she cares and is sincere about the help she gives you the pap was'nt as bad or dreadful as i antisipated . i appreciate her thank God for her 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
92	1	I have nothing but the highest of praise for Dr. Dabney. She has treated me with dignity and respect which I find lacking in plenty of m.d.'s these days. Her office staff is altogether a different story. They are rude and obnoxious and not very helpful when you call with questions.  	1	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
92	1	Dr. Dabney is so very nice and kind. She took the time to explain to me EXACTLY what was going on and the course of treatment we needed to take. I would highly recommend her to anyone needing an outstanding OB/GYN.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
93	1	He is fantastic with psychotherapy and diagnosis. He didn't make me feel crazy or judging in anyway.  It is expensive but worth every penny.  I would recommend for CEO's. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
93	-1	 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
93	1	He's the best. He is no nonsense, though, so be ready to work. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
93	-1	HORRIBLE...He once told me when I was in a crisis he would only see me once every two months because he could not afford to see me for what I was paying (Medicare rates)!  He agreed to accept Medicare, so that was his problem!  I was nearly suicidal!!!!  I did try filing a complaint against him and the woman said I had a valid complaint all the way to the time of the decision and then all of a sudden they ruled in his favor....hmmmm, could it be at the time, he had a lot of pull with the State&#63;&#63;&#63; I believe so as do many others! This of course was before the ceiling really came crashing down on his son.  Prior to that, I swear, I should have been paid for being HIS Psychiatrist as I had to sit there and listen to him talk about his sons case during MY session...and he was worried about what HE was getting paid&#63;&#63;&#63;&#63;&#63; DO NOT GO TO HIM!!! 	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
93	-1	orrible psychiatrist. Do not waste your time with him.  He is incredibly rude, condescending, and reckless. He spent less than 20 minutes with me and acted annoyed when I had some questions. Needless to say, go somewhere else if you actually want help. 	 10/10/11	2	2	1	Insurance:Unknown
93	-1	I was sent to this &quot;doctor&quot; back in 1998. During my last visit with him I told him I was feeling better and no longer wanted to see him.  His response to me &quot;If you want my professional opinion, I think you're f**ked in the head.&quot;  Needless to say I never went back.  You can only imagine how damaging an experience my &quot;treatment&quot; with him was.  If you're thinking about seeing this guy, do yourself a favor and RUN the other way. 	 10/7/11	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
93	-1	Dave Davis is a horrid man who doesn't care about his patients. He needs to lose his medical license for malpractice and as soon as the other shoe fall someone is going after his license and every penny he has ever made off of the poor patients who put their trust in such a devious, evil doctor. 	 9/25/11	1	4	1	Insurance:Unknown
93	1	I have seen the reviews about Dr.Davis. I was kinda nervous about going 2 see him cuz of the reviews but he is very open &amp; honest &amp; one of the best doctors I have ever been to see. I talked 2 him over the phone before my visit &amp; he was very understanding with my situation.When I arrived at his office the staff was very kind &amp; welcoming,they offered me something to drink several times. This was my best experience in a Doctors office.I'm very glad that I didn't listen to what everyone had to say about him.I'm the type of person who understands that people make mistakes &amp; people also lie about other people cuz he didn't do something they wanted but anyways I'm very glad that I went. I will be going to office for further treatment. His office is beautiful &amp; he is a kind gentle man,who treated me very well. I hope that you see my review before you make up ur mind bout him. Check him out for youself don't always take the word of other people you don't even know.        Thank you,Stephanie 	 7/25/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
93	-1	 	 7/6/11	3	3	1	Insurance:Unknown
93	-1	 	1	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
93	-1	had this guy several years ago at ridgeview. He was assigned to me, I certainly did not choose him. He is uncaring, cold and down mean. He scared me quiet honestly. Stay away from this guy. I did more for myself than any of his hockuspockus! 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
93	-1	I agree with the other comments. He has a standard patter to your problem. He doesn't take insurance hence you pay out of pocket. I had the money to pay, but I never felt good about him and his manner. He doesn't listen, eager to move on and asks the same questions in each session. He is after the money and he does over medicates you and isn't really interested in you at all. Hence you have to go back until you find someone else. I would not rate him highly and feel his days of practicing medicine are really over. 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
93	-1	I went to Dr. Davis 18 years ago and he was pompous and arrogant then.  He did absolutely nothing to help me.  He got me addicted to an anti-anxiety drug that nearly ruined my life.  Needless to say, it took another doctor nearly 10 years to correct the damage he did.  Don't go to him! 	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
93	-1	I found Dr. Davis to be very creepy.  I always felt like he was hitting on me rather than trying to help me.  He charged a fortune.  I found out later his sone had been charged with murder.   If he can't raise his child right, how can he help others&#63; 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
93	-1	Worst.psychiatrist.EVER.  Cares only about himself and self-promotion.  His son is serving a life sentence for murder.  Would YOU want to have a mrderer's father for your Doctor&#63;  I think not.  This man is dangerous.  Stay far away from this one. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
93	-1	Doesn't spend anytime with patient; 10 mins and rushes. No support at all; just doesn't care . Only wants the money from Insurance.  	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
93	0	He swindled so much money out of me (perscription refills, cancelling an appt on Friday for Monday, etc) that he was causing more anxiety than he was treating me for. Don't go to him.  	1	5	2	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
93	1	Dr. Davis is very helpful, but tough.  He's fair, and extremely insightful.  If you are not truly interested in receiving therapy, then he won't waste your or his time time.  He's expensive, because he's the best. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
93	-1	Dr. Davis is out for the money only. He is pompous and self centered. He's false belief in his skills lead to a very serious drug interaction which required ICU hospitalization of a patient. He should be investigated for malpractice.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
93	0	Dr.Davis has cancelled almost every appointment I've had. He is only concerned about getting new clients into his practice. He also charges to call in perscriptions.  		1	2	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
93	0	He is more interested in his pay than your need. 		5	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
94	0	Incompetent staff in regarding to billing.  Not helpful in getting billing resolved.  	1	1	3	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
95	1	I think I have found an allmost perfect Dentist. What I like about her clinic is - She offers cost effective functional general dentistry and treats patients of all ages. She is doing orhodonic braces on my two kids currently. Her rates are unbeatable. She allows me to be inside the operatory with my kids when they are being treated. I know sometimes you have to wait a little. But that is a sign of a busy popular Dentist. I have had no issues with Insurance or payments with her. She quotes a treatment price and you pay exactly that and walk out. No hidden fees or bills/statements to follow later. I prefer that compared to other Doctors not even ready to quote you exact price of the treatment. On the whole she is a down to earth, committed, well experienced and hardworking Dentist who knows what her patients expect from her and she does a good job of offering this service. I always recommend her to my family and friends. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
95	0	long waiting time, Dr. did not answer my question and she rush on her work.  She let her assistant to do the cleaning.  	3	1	2	3 	Insurance:Delta Dental
95	-1	I went there a few months ago to get my dental cleaning done. They asked my credit card to keep on file and my insurance information. They said once I come outside from the dental cleaning, they will notify me if the &quot;insurance eligibility&quot; has arrived through fax.   Once I came out from my regular cleaning, they had charged me a hundred dollars illegally. They said they performed &quot;Deep cleaning&quot;! I was in their office for a total of 30 minutes. Who has ever gotten deep cleaning done in 30 minutes&#63; They did cosmetic polishing of the teeth which is regular cleaning and they had also received my insurance information but did not file! Once I left, they filed my insurance and recieved money from them.   Double charge! Insurance claim and 100 dollar charged to my credit card!!   I have disputed the charge and ordered my insurance company to stop listing this fraud dentist as a provider. Please beware.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
96	-1	Mary is a medical professional who uses fear to scare pregnant women into being afraid if they do not follow what Mary wants them to do. Worse, she is unable to manage multiple patients in labor at once when she is on duty at the hospital. Her incompetence led to my daughter needing forceps during labor. She is ill qualified and should not be a midwife, perhaps should consider a new profession.  	1	5	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
97	1	 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
