dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	Dr Yugueros is one of the best surgeons i have ever been to. She is very sweet and knows her stuff. I had a breast reduction and she has been great. She gives you a phone number where she can be reached 24 hours a day and on a Sunday she called and checked on me. I would recommend ANYONE to her if you need any kind of plastic surgery.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
1	1	I had a brazilian butt lift and arm, bra fat smart lipo and she has done a great job so far because she is very meticulous with her work and very patient. I'm coming back to her if I need anything else! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	0	Dr. Yoon is a well respected surgeon among his peers. I have no doubt his work is first rate when he does surgery - he did my ACDF. However, I'm concerned about his attitude and willingness to discuss things with curious patients or his willingness to seek a solution to a difficult problem. Of my other spine issues, he said, &quot;It's just pain, live with it.&quot;  I presume this is because the diagnosis wasn't as black and white as my neck, so he didn't want to get his &quot;hands dirty&quot; with a case that didn't have a 99.99% chance of success. A little reading into the professional journals would have been nice - even I could find supporting evidence. In short, he's a jerk. And rushes you out of his office. Go somewhere else if you want help.  	5	2	2	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
2	1	Had anterior cervical discectomy and 3 vertebrae fused on 1/3/11.  EXTREMELY successful.  Back at work in 1 week.  No problems and little pain.  Dr. Yoon is the best you can get.  Don't take a chance on an ortho surgeon to do this work.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
2	1	I saw several different surgeons and chose Dr. Yoon because of his experience and credentials.  He is one of the best surgeons in the world and has taught many of the surgeons who are at the best hospitals in the country.  I had my cervical spine surgery (ACDF) and did great.  Just an overnight stay at a great hosptial and quickly recovered.  Best of all my neck and arm pain is gone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	1	knows his stuff more then anyone ive met.Will not go to drastic(surgical) measures if not necessary.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	1	I just have had a discectomy and I am still recovering from it. Dr. Yoon was very comforting talking to him abouth the surgery before and afterwards. The day of surgery after being taken to my room Dr. Yoon visited and checked up on me again before he left that day. His staff continued follwoing up with me until I left. This is my first time meeting and using Dr. Yoon but I am very pleased with him and his staff.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	1	Removed tumor from spine and corrected alignment...very dicey 14+ hour surgery.  Excellent results, no problems: This is the guy you want for extreme work 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	1	Performed laminectomy and spinal fusion on me 17 months ago.  I am very satisfied with the medical results.  His manner inspires confidence, and I recommend him without reservation.  He was referred to me by a physician friend of mine who felt that Dr. Yoon was an outstanding surgeon.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
3	1	Excellent Doctor with lots of experience. Has removed dozens of lesions. Always on time and follows up.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	He is on time, and thorough in his evaluation of your problem.  He answers your questions and when you leave, you understand your treatment plan, follow-up. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	-1	I suffer from a skin disease. The primary doctor I was using to treat it went out on medical leave, so someone suggested Avis Yount. I made an appointment for her and when I arrived the receptionist informed me that Avis was booked and that her husband Peter was available. When I went to see him he wrote a 100+ dollar cream prescription for me to try. The cream made it worst. When I made another appointment to get this corrected, this jerk, Peter, said that he would not sign a disability form for me. &#63;&#63;&#63;&#63;&#63;&#63;&#63;&#63;&#63;&#63;&#63;&#63; What! I never asked for a disability form to be signed. This guy is horrible.  	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	1	He seems to make the patient pay as much as possible. I stayed an unnecessary night in the hospital and I had a checkup that took over an hour with only five minutes of interaction with him or a nurse. 	5	3	3	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	-1	 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
7	-1	The treatments are working a little bit. I expected it to take some time. The problem is his attitude. My mouth fell open when he called my son shorter and fatter than his brother. This upset my son very much. I can't believe a grown man and a physician sworn to do no harm would say that to an impressionable 14 year old boy. I would not recommend this MD to anyone that needs to bring a child in.  	5	1	1	3 	Insurance:Anthem
8	1	I recently had a fracture of the right wrist,as well as surgery.  Dr. Yarbrough was wonderful and I would recommend him to anyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	1	Had hard time w/Workers Comp.  Dr Yarbrough assured me he could help with shoulder problem and did.  Did not have any pain or problems.  He has excellent manners, advice, and followup.  Best experience with a doctor I've ever had........  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
8	1	This doc and his staff were the most pleasant and helpful staff of any office I have ever been in.  Very professional as well.  Being an ER nurse myself, you know how stressful the day can be and you would never tell by their attitudes.  The physician was informative, prepared, and definately explained the options you had as well as the best option.  Even though I was a nurse he explained everything as though I wasn't so I fully understood.  He made an unpleasant situation as pleasant as possible.  He has a smile that won't quit and professionalism that won't either.  Strongly recommend him and this group.  I only had one appt. that I had to wait about 30 min.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
8	0	Busy practice, usually running late. 	3	1	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	She is very knowledgeable of developmental issues with children.  She really goes above and beyond to assist us. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	-1	.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
10	0	I don't like the fact that evrtytime I come in the office there's new staff members. It makes me wonder why the change so often.  	2	2	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	0	This doctor while caring seems very scatter-brained and has often written the prescriptions with different meds and dosages from month to month without mentioning any changes.  And she will not call in changes to the pharmacy even though she made the error, requiring another trip to the office to pick up a new prescription if you don't notice the problem while there.  She is almost always running 30 minutes to an hour late.  Her office staff and therapy associates change often.  	1	1	3	3 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
11	-1	Regular office visit.  I have been here many times, each time requesting a change in medications.  This doctor only has one combination he prescribes, and actually accuses the patient of &quot;drug seeking&quot; when requesting a change for side effects.  After 3 years of this, I'm done.  His rudeness went overboard this week, and lack of professionalism was shocking.  As a medical professional myself, I don't think asking for a change if something isn't working, or is causing side effects should be considered a bad thing for a patient to request.  I left the office with the same prescriptions as usual, and determined to find a new physician as soon as possible.  He has been told he's not &quot;approved&quot; in my network, unless he files an appeal, and he refused to deal with the insurance paperwork, or even a quick phone call.  He's upset that his procedures were denied by my insurance, but again, he refuses to appeal his request.   I'm pretty patient with most medical providers, but enough already! 	2	1	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	1	Excellent care. Concern for patients welfare and allow patients to particpate in decision making process. Offers chioces of treatmenst available.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	1	just the best. able to help more than most doctors 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	-1	.  	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:Aetna
13	1	I really like her. She is very knowlegeable. Very she is very aggressive and she is a certified physician for Natural Hormone Replacement in pellets and Traditiional Hormones.  She is Great!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
13	1	I have been seeing Dr. Young for three years.  I am pleased with the service I have received including hormone replacement.  I have visited several doctors over the years and no one has given me as much information as Dr. Young has. I believe that knowledge is power. Dr. Young is knowledgeable and she does not mind sharing the information.  	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	1	I had the opportunity to make an appointment with Dr. Young. I was able to get an appointment with her with in 24 hours of calling her staff was really pleasant and helpful. Dr. youg was surprisingly great considering her reviews. i deffnite that the her reviews are very deceptive. Being in the medical profession myself when I have to comare her with other physician that I have seen in the past I found her be the best. She was very knowlegeable of all subjects that we discussed and she insured that I received information on the things that we had discussed. I am so happy that I did do not allow the reviews on her to deter me freom seeing her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	-1	If you're thinking of hormone replacement, do NOT go here! As an OB/GYN she should know all about women's hormones but she doesn't and prescribes potentially harmful hormones and supplements. The lack of communication is a HUGE drawback. She doesn't return phone calls. Extremely unprofessional. Ever seen a dog wandering around a Dr.'s office&#63;&#63;&#63; This doctor brings her dog to work. Staff has an extreme turnover rate, -7 new people in less than a year's time. Contact your nearest compound pharmacist for a list of doctors who prescribe natural hormones. By the way, she wouldn't file with tricare because &quot;It's not worth it, they only give her $50...but I had to pay it!!  If you go to her website you will see she has her fingers in too many things and is not focused on any one thing, hence major mistakes. She's just trying to get rich quick. Her Dr. 's Assistant asked me if I make my husband give me sex every night!!  Very professional! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Tricare
13	-1	Dr. Young is the worse of the worse. Always late, nasty dog roaming the office. I understand why Houston Medical Center revoked her priveleges.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	1	I love this doctor...she is very sweet and understanding. She delivered 3 healthy babies. I love seeing a black educated dr. with her own. If you don't like the way she works heres an idea &quot;GET ANOTHER DR OR SIGH UP ON ANOTHER INSURANCE&quot; THANK YOU DOCTOR YOUNG FOR ALL THAT YOU DO HERE IN MIDDLE GEORGIA.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	0	Saw Dr. Howard last year. After being called back to a secondary waiting area I observed a DOG roaming the rooms freely. I was called back a second time to get my blood test results.  I did not see Dr. Howard, I saw a representative who pressured me into buying a book on bio-identical hormones and tried to insist I would feel better if I had these pellets implanted even though I told her I felt great and my hormone levels were average. She wanted to know where I worked, I guess to see if I could afford the $180.00 every three months for the replacement pellets.  	3	1	3	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	-1	If you are a women don't see this Dr.I told her I was gaining weight and her advice was &quot;just lose it.if you have kids you'll never be that size again.&quot; I was still thin!I had 2 miscarriages under her fertility treatment.she said it must be my husband. She tried to treat him with Clomid under my name... not legal.so he went and saw 4 doctors who said he was fine! I wasn't I have Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome. Which is why I was gaining weight and why I lost the babies... O it's the NUMBER ONE reason for infertility in women!!! SHE SUCKS!!! When I had my second miscarriage she some how turned it into a conversation that my husband and I were moving.We were not moving.I knew what she wasn't saying- that she didn't have a clue. My next doctor took one blood test and I had PCOS. The only reason I saw her was she was a refered through my Dr and tricare. It just goes to show YOU HAVE TO DO YOUR OWN RESEARCH.  YOU CAN'T TRUST AN OVER WORKED DR AND CHEAP INSURANCE! IT'S Your Health take care of it 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Tricare
14	1	Dr. Yi is the Best. Everyone in the family had a very good experience there. We were very pleased with the treatment  and would highly recommend her to anyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
14	1	Excellent experience.  I had an emergency, and Dr. Yi was very accomodating to help me as soon as possible.  She is very knowledgeable, understanding and provides thorough explanations of the procedures, and costs.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
14	1	Very knowledgeable and made me feel very comfortable. The atmosphere of the exam room was also very soothing. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	I had a wonderful experience with Dr. Yi.  She quickly made it to where I can come in the same day for an emergency appoitnment, she diagnosed me and made an immed appointment to have my tooth extracted.  She was very kind and she listened very well.  Her staff was super friendly as well.  I recommend this dentist to any new comber! 	 2/20/12	5	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	I chose Complete Smile Dentistry because they were open on Saturdays.  I had two of my wisdom teeth removed and had my teeth cleaned.  I am very happy with the results.  Dr. Yi and her staff were very nice.  	 9/25/11	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
14	1	This is a wonderful practice. I moved to Florida 6 months ago. However, I still keep Dr Yi as my dentist. It is better to expend money in travel, but safe in health. I highly recommend her as a dentist and all of her assistants. One other point I am a physician, my father is a former dean of a school of dentist, my step mother is a dentist too. I surly can identified quality knowledge,  professionalism and good hands. You can find all of them in this practice.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
14	1	The staff is very kind and is concerned more about the patient. The doctor is very helpful with the patient and is willing to help you smile happy out the door. Dr. Yi is more than happy to share her knowledge of dentistry with you. She is a great doctor that is appreciated in the dentistry community.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	She is very kind and helpful. I really recommend her if you have any problem with your teeth. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	Dr. Yi is an awesome dentist; very professional and warmhearted at the same time. She is very skillful and competent. The office is so stunning and clean as well as  the nice treatment of the staff. Today I have extracted two wisdom teeth in less than 20 minutes; In other words she is the best. Although I have to drive almost 30 miles to go to see her I rather go there than some other place. I am looking forward to my next visit.  	 3/8/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Delta Dental
14	1	Very good experience for me. She is one of the nicest doctors/dentists that I've met. Dr. Yi and her staff create a very comfortable but professional environment and the actual procedure, I did a clean up/wisdom tooth removal, was alot less pain than I expected. When I got my wisdom tooth removed, it only took a day to heal...She is always on time as well. The last time I was there I came a little early, and she took the time out of her lunch break to start our appointment.  	 1/25/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	I have been going to Dr. Yi practice for over a year and a half (Since I have been living in GA). She is very professional, king and friendly also her staff. She always try to acomodate my appoinments to my busy schedule, My husband also go to Dr. Yi.  	 12/12/10	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	She is very professional. All procedures are explained to the patient so that you understand exactly what will be done. Also I like that they open on Saturday. It's very convenient for us. 	 12/5/10	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	Dr. Yi and staff members are so nice and helpful. My 5-year old son and 11-year old daughter loved her. They simply like to go to the dentist's office.  :-) 	 12/3/10	5	5	5	Insurance:Assurant
14	1	Dr. Yi and her staff are true professionals.  They took their time to explain everything to me, from the xrays, treatment options, prevention, what my insurance covered and out of pocket expenses, they made sure that I felt comfortable with the options they provided.  Dr. Yi's office is very clean and inviting.  She actually made my visit to the dentist, enjoyable!  Thank You Dr.  Yi! 	 11/3/10	5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
14	1	Dr. Kim and their staff are extremely helpful and they really do care. Anyone can do what they do as there are plenty of doctors are there in the market, but Dr Kim is extremely knowledgeble, hardworkng and their service is second to none.  They are SIMPLY THE BEST 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
14	1	Dr. Yi is a fantastic dentist. She is very professional, gentle and trusting. Having a true fear of going to the dentist, she has made every visit a pleasant one. All procedures are explained to the patient so that you understand exactly what will be done and she will gladly answer you questions. I have had a large amount of work done and she has set up a plan that I can do a little at a time. I have complete confidence in her work! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	0	He sees too many patients and does not have a good beside manner. 	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	He is a fabulous doctor.  He is extrememly smart, meticulous, and kind.  His work is phenomenal! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	I was referred to Dr. Yeh for an abnormal mammogram.  The diagnosis was early stage breast cancer.  She has been extremely helpful, patiently answering all my questions, giving me complete information to help me decide on my best treatment options, and has respected my wishes.  When I asked for a second opinion, she encouraged it and set up the appointment for me.  Her staff is very pleasant and has made a stressful situation more manageable.  I feel as if I am in control of my treatment options.  I highly recommend her for those going through similar medical situations.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
17	1	Several years ago I had an abnormal mammogram and was referred to Dr. Yeh for follow up. I did not have a serious problem but Dr. Yeh and her staff have treated me with the utmost kindness, and respect. She listens and tries to be helpful. She's extremely knowledgeable in her specialized field. When I had a minor problem that wasn't in her field she phoned a colleague, discussed it with him and asked that he call in a prescription. After a couple of years of normal mammograms she said that I could go back to my gyn or continue with her. I choose to stay under her care because of her superior knowledge and the care that I've received. I recommend her highly for anyone who might be facing cancer of the breast, thyroid or skin. 	 7/12/07	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	My children love him, I love him! He really listens and addresses all of your questions.  There is no one else I'd rather see! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unicare
18	1	very good with children, always makes them smile! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	0	Dr. You is described as &quot; straight forward &quot; however, he hardly listens to what a person has to say before he responds. I feel he needs to learn to listen to his patients and learn to advocate on behalf of us and not belittle us. I feel that he often has a condescending tone when he answers my questions. In the beginning he did not bother me, however, his constant cocky demeanor and blatant non caring tone has turned me to seek another primary physician. It sucks because he did prescribe me with medicines as I needed them.  	3	1	3	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	-1	I kept having dizzy spells and feeling weak. Contacted severe pain in the right shoulder area. He increase my Simvastatin which made matters worse. He sent me to have x rays on my neck and ultra sound also. I stopped taking the Simvastatin and I now feel normal. After all this he wanted me to see a neurologist because he couldn't figure out what was wrong and never mentioned the side effects of the drug I was taking.  	3	3	2	1 	Insurance:Medicare
19	0	In search of a new PCP was told he was a good listener but I don't feel that he listened well to me at all.  	5	5	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	The Best Doctor I have ever had,understanding stright forward, willing to listen. Would highly recommend him to anyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
19	1	My entire family are patients of Dr. You's. He is a great doctor. He was able to diagnose my brother's rare disorder after 2 doctors, 3 ER doctors, and 3 specialists couldn't. He came to the hospital to check on him on his day off. You do not find doctors that care that much these days. He takes a personal interest in his  patients and is very 'no nonsense' when he needs to be.  I know a  lot of people who recommend him & I definitely do too! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	1	Dr. Yancey has an helpful and excellent assistant the really puts you at ease.  I always have early appointments and I never had to wait.  Dr. Yancey is very knowledgeable and if he does not have an answer at the time of your question, he will certainly contact you with an answer promptly.  He is a doctor to admire and any patient of his is very fortunate to have him.  You will never forget his caring and confident spirit.  He will stop by every day while you are hospitalized to speak with you and keep your spirits up.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
21	-1	Despite his credentials, do not go to this doctor. Throughout the process, I continue to state that my teeth is not straight...he always had an execuse. two years later, I am out of braces, but my teeth is still crooked, and he use every execuse in the book. I am going to visit another orthodontist...And if I am told that he has been feeding me bull...I WILL SUE.....DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME, MY DENTIST RECOMMENDED DR. YURFEST..AND I WILL TELL HIM NOT TO RECOMMEND ANYONE ELSE.....  	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	I visited four other orthodontists who were not able to help me without extensive and painful jaw surgery. Dr Yurfest did an outstanding job. My dentist called to compliment him and started taking his own wife and children to see him! Dr Yurfest is extremely professional and personable. He and his stafff always put me at ease. I could not be happier with my result and outcome! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	0	I went for a consultation and HATED this practice.  I will NOT get invisalign here.  I cannot express the discomfort I felt.  The assistant did 90% of the work and Dr. Yurfest examined me for a minute or two and proceeded to tell me how &quot;messed&quot; up by teeth are. But he was repeatedly complimenting his assistant and at one point referred to her as &quot;the bomb.&quot; If you like the sarcastic, unprofessional type of doctor, this practice is for you.  As a business professional myself, I am not amused and REFUSE to spend a penny with this practice! 	3	5	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
21	-1	I went to get my braces done based on my dentist's referral, and I am disappointed by the whole treatment.     The treatment costs me ~$8,000, which I paid it out of my pocket, and it's taken ~3 years. Yet my teeth are still in limpo and even worst than before.     The treatment process is terrible. The progress is rarely discussed and very slow. Normally, he treats 8+ patients at time, just like assembly line. His assistants are still in training.    Well, frustrated with the bad outcome, I went to two dentists, periodontist, and orthodontist to re-evaluate my teeth condition; all of them are disappointed the way my teeth be treated. From them, this is the poorest treatment that they have seen... Anyhow, now I'm definitely not going back there again EVER. Sadly, I have to start the new treatment again, and it would cost me another fortune. With new ortho, I have confident on him. I'll post his name in next review.     If you decide to go with this Dr. Yurfest, please think it again.. 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
21	0	Please reconsider again when you select Dr. Yurfest to your ortho. He is very nice and care person; however, you can only see his assistants who will do 90% works.  So, here is my story: I've been longer than a year with invisalign ~$7,000, but it didn't fix my teeth a bit. Then Dr. put me on wired braces and charged me more money per visit. Yet, 2 years have gone by, and I have been agonizing with my &quot;metal mouth&quot;, plus putting ~$8,000 debt in my credit card. Depressing and frustated, I went to couple dentists for re-evaluating it; they were disappoint with the way my teeth treated...As of now, I don't know what to do...whichever damn way I do, it would cost me another fortune. So, please PLEASE do research and ask questions when you select ortho to fix your teeth or son/daughter's teeth. DO NOT MAKE THE SAME MISTAKE LIKE I DID.    In conlusion, I would NOT recommend this Dr. Yurfest to you! 	3	4	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	Dr. Yurfest is very professional and personable.  Very nice guy to talk to - great sense of humor.  He is one of the country's foremost orthodontists who has worked on many prominent people including those in the entertainment fields.  He is recognized as the top Invisalign orthodontist in the country.  His excellent work has been featured in books highlighting the results achievable with state-of-the-art orthodontia. Dr. Yurfest listens to his patients and designs a treatment protocol to optimize their results. Slightly more expensive than some others - but his work and reputation speak for themselves and the results are well worth it. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	Dr. Young took the time to go over everthing that was to be done, and why it was to be done. His bedside manner with me and my family was great. Dr. Young may not have as much as the senior partner of this group, but he is an excellant dr, and I am grateful for all he did, not only on my behalf, but the care he took with my family.Dr. Young, Thanks again. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	-1	Still having complications even after one year.  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Medicare
23	1	I had a very goosd visit with Dr. Yost. I actually felt like he listened to me.  Great doctor!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	1	great doctor 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	I just had a very some very GOOD contact with thes great young man. I think he is just BEST.   Thank YOU very much for the work YOU did on me ! ! Much LOVE ! I shall write more later, LOOK for it, 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
26	1	Have to agree with the other comments.  I trust him completely if I know whats wrong with me.  If I wake up feeling lousy, I love the fact that I can call him at 8, have an appointment at 9, and be at the pharmacy by 9:30.  But I also take a daily prescription medication.  I've been on this for years, Dr. Yager would give a 30 day supply and every month I would see him (and his new staff).  My new GP is happy to make life much easier with a 90 day supply and 3 refills.  	3	5	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	1	I have been seeing Dr. Yager for 9 years. At first I was very impressed by his caring manner and that I could get an appointment the same day. To be able to see your doctor within an hour of calling is unheard of in Atlanta, so this is a huge plus if you just need an antibiotic perscription. But I have noticed over the years the increasing restrictions on doctors have negatively impacted his practice. He doesn't seem to go the extra mile anymore and the fact that he charges a surcharge for credit card payments is a violation of the MC/VISA merchant agreement. He also is not very familiar with the top specialists in the area so his referal ability is severely hampered. He also has trouble hiring proficient staff and has to do a lot of the paperwork himself. Bottom line, for an emergency he is vastly superior to the hospital emergency room, but if you have a serious or chronic condition, he is not an ideal choice.  	2	5	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	-1	he charges extra for paying with a credit/debit card, which is actually against policy for visa/mastercard/amex.  if someone were to report him he would lose his merchant ability and only be able to accept cash only. 	1	3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	Dr. Yager is the best family practitioner I have ever had.  I have been going to him since 1997.  The personalizaed care is unheard of these days. He calls you at home to see how you are doing and if the medicine is working!!!  Can you believe that!  You can get an appointment on the same day if necessary.  I recommend him highly.  He takes care of my whole family.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
26	-1	Doctor had a fill in Dr. on first visit.  Visition dr gave me a new diagnosis of diabetes type 2. Schedule apt. to see Dr. Yager the following week. Got a call the next day to tell me it was type 1 diabetes.  Went in for my schedule appointment.  All he did was have a nurse do a finger prick test to tell me my sugar was high(already know that!) and charged me another $20 and told me to go see a specialist in my healthcare network! Poor office space and incompetent doctor.  	2	5	2	2 	Insurance:Aetna
27	1	Very helpful and compassianate doctor, Helped me a lot I.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
27	1	Very good doctor, very polite and understanding takes pain to help his patient, was benefited with the visit with him..  Recommend him highly 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
28	1	. Dr Yanda &amp; his staff made an unpleasant experience not so unpleasant- they were great! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	1	The doctor was at least an hour late to both of my appointments. In fact, his nurse asked if I would mind moving back in to the waiting room while so that they could bring someone else into the procedure room. The billing was sent to the wrong address for months and they turned me over to a collection agency.  	1	1	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	1	Dr. Yanda has been my Dr for 14 years.  He is a wonderful,caring Dr. and his assistant Laverne is the best.  I have had to wait a bit in the waiting room but it is because of the time and care that Dr. Yanda gives each patient. I dont' mind waiting because I know he will give me the same time.   5 stars! 	4	3	4	4 	Insurance:Aetna
28	1	Dr. Yanda has been my physician for 4 years now. He is very helpful and understanding. After blood tests I get prompt calls as to test results. I would highly recommend this doctor. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	My appointment was 2:45. I arrived at 2:25. I waited until 4:15. I asked how much longer would I be waiting they said just a few minutes. I saw Dr. Yanda at 4:25. I think they should have acknowledeged that I was there and explained the delay.I thought they had forgotten that I was there, 	2	1	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	Dr. returned my phone call after hours and was very helpful. a 5 star doctor.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
28	1	Dr. Yanda himself seems like a decent, knowledgeable enough doctor. But his staff is disorganized, unresponsive, and seemed to take days to relay to him questions I would call with. Once, when I was so ill after a colonoscopy that I could not pick my head up off the pillow, a friend who had come to stay with me had to call the office several times, each time leaving messages on the &quot;nurse care&quot; line to which we had been directed when she took me home. We waited for hours for a callback. Finally, desperate, she punched herself through the phone system to the business manager and told her what was going on. We got a call ten minutes later, and a prescription called in to our pharmacy shortly afterwards--but never a call from the nurse or the doctor. 	1	1	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	Her whole staff of doctors are great. I love her 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
29	1	I have taken my son to see Dr. Younblood since he was 4 weeks old & she is AWESOME....very knowledgable, listens well, and gives good feedback......I love Dr.  Youngblood and the entire staff!!! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
30	1	Dr. Yarbrough is such a kind and knowledgeable doctor. She never acts rushed and always seems to care about my problems. She always seems happy to answer any questions I may have.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
31	1	Dr. Yarbrough is a good psychologist and a good man. He is genuinely interested in the patient's welfare and works with the patient for a timely resolution of his/her problems. He is punctual, polite, and knowledgable. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
33	-1	I went to this doctor and he was very arrogant, and recommended me to a GYN and told his nurse to make an appt. for me. I called back about 1 week later and she stated she did not do that and i needed to call them myself. She was rude and i will never go back.  	2	3	1	2 	Insurance:Aetna
34	1	Very knowledgeable and patient.  Generally helpful but a little distant.  	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:Coventry
34	1	Also sees patients at Century Center Atlanta. We love him.. our son has been a patient since 1996 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
35	1	 	4	1	5	3 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	I was nervous about having facial plastic surgery -- because I didn't want to look &quot;scary&quot; afterwards.  The sole reason I chose Dr Yellin -- is his reputation for providing natural looking results -- no &quot;scary&quot;. When my hairdresser saw my &quot;after&quot; results, she asked if I would share the name of my surgeon with the salon.  She said that my results were so natural looking that,honestly he was the only doctor she would ever consider referring to her clients and friends. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	An EXCELLENT M.D. in every respect. Talented, competent, patient, thorough, friendly, supportive. Never rushed. A great staff too. The results of my eye lid lift and face lift are exceptional. The results are completely natural looking. I'm very happy with my whole experience and highly recommend Dr. Yellin. He's the best!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	Dr. Yellin really cares and is a perfectionist. He does all his own sutures and does not use staples as most doctor do. Beautiful work. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
36	0	This Dr. seems too busy to care - he even has someone else listen to his patients for him, and then his staff summarizes back to him so if they miss anything, he won't even know or care. After they &quot;debrief&quot; he comes into the room with an arrogant &quot;hollywood star&quot; attitude of know it all and won't even listen if you have anything else to say.   I guess all the attention he's gotten has really made him too busy and arrogant to care. I still like doctors who take the time to listen and don't make you feel like your are wasting their time ..even though you paying for it. 	2	1	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
37	-1	Dr. Yu's nurses were very kind. He was also nice and friendly. Acted VERY fast. Had a really, really hard time getting him to listen to us. It was like he had made up his mind before entering the room and meeting us. The advice he gave us was completely OFF. We went to Atlanta the following week, and my daughter now has surgery scheduled in a few weeks, along with other therapies/medical treatments scheduled before the surgery. Children's Healthcare of Atlanta understood the severity of my daughter's situation, thank God. Dr. Yu didn't even want to follow up with us until six months later! How messed up is that&#63;&#63; I understand that he is a good doctor, but he seemed very ignorant of my child's problems. I do not plan to see him again. I hope that other children in his care are followed more cautiously and more frequently. I would recommend getting second opinion to whatever he has said.  	5	4	2	2 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
38	1	Dr. youngs manager dropped me as a patient due to me having an owed balance pending.Balance has been paid off before this was decided.Sure there were other patients with pending balances. I beleive it was totally rude of this office to do such a thing for someone without insurance.I looked up to Dr. Young and had the highest respect for this man however, after finding out he agreed to the managers decision and not caring if his patient needed him.I have no respect for him. If I am in the hospital and he is on call at the hospital making his doctors rounds for the am hours of the day and come to my room, I will reject him as a doctor and request for another Dr. on staff to treat me so he will know what it feels like to be rejected. My family will not let him see them as well in the future. Sad in this world but true. 	1	4	2	5 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	My entire family relies on Dr. Young and has for many years.  We LOVE him and his staff! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	1	Dr Young listens and cares!  His Staff is excellent.  I highly recommend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	1	Dr. Young is always willing to spend the time needed, and to answer all questions.  He is an exceptional physician! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	Finally a doctor who listens to his patients, cares about preventative health and his office staff work in sick patients without making them wait and suffer.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
38	1	Dr. Young is a fine doctor...and a really good person. He has been our family doctor for many years.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	1	I was a patient of Dr. Young's for over ten years (until I moved out of state) and am also a nurse who worked with him in a hospital setting. By far and large, one of the best physicians I know of in Athens. His care is excellent, well-informed, and delivered with the utmost in professionalism. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
39	-1	.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	-1	I went to DR. Yuan to find out if I had proetate cancer HE checked and told me he would bet me I didn't..He was wrong I DID!He then sent me to DR. MARK Mc Cord I feel that after paying over $33,000,00 that the only motavation they had was $$$ They both lied to me and both made mistakes which could have cost me my life!!In DR.  YUAN case,it might not have been lying as much as STUPIDITY!! 	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
40	1	Successful Vasectomy Reversal. Excellent surgeon! Very knowledgeable and straightforward. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	Excellent service and highly skilled surgeon; highly recommended by others. Successful vasectomy reversal with no issues at all. An invaluable resource. Definitely the best in the business when it comes to microsurgery and reversals. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
40	-1	My dad went to Dr. Yuan to check some painful urinary problems that he had been having for the past 2 months.  Bottom line:  He paid 25 bucks to tell him to come back another time.  Dr Yuan was late to the appoitment, which is funny because when I crossed him prior to entering the room, he was discussing gossip with some of his receptionist.  Second, he was rude to us showing very little patience and knowlege.  I tried to ask him some questions and he kept cutting me off. Moreover, he never identified the problem without actually explaining the whys and the hows of the problem.  It was really quick, remained 10 minutes in the room, did not even say goodbye and fled to the next waiting.  Bedside manner:  Extremely sucked.  Anyway, I would not recommend that doctor to anyone just if in case you have urinary issues.  Funny considering that I am a med student at the moment, and it's such a turn down when you see so much ego in the field.  Hope you can do better next time Dr. Yuan.  	2	1	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
41	1	Dr youngblood delivered my son,he was very nice and helpful. It was actually funny because in the office visit I really wasn't to fond of him(he just has a dry sense of humor)then once I found out he was the dr on call I was less then pleased. However he surprised me and was great.I gguess he was in his atmosphere that he felt more comfortable.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
41	1	This has been my dr for many many years and I love him....HE IS THE BEST DR I'VE EVER SEEN!! He always....I mean always has a smile on his face, very caring, listens well, takes time out for each patient. He returns calls at reasonable times, and makes you feel very comfortable.  I highly recommend Dr.  Youngblood!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
