dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	 Awesome doctor. Great staff.  I highly recommend this practice 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
10	1	commentsLove her, she really made us (my son) feel like she genuinely cared about us as patients and not profit. 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	commentsDr Vallejo was very caring and compassionate.  I really like her so far. I Def recommend her! 	4	3	4	4	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	 New to the area and office was recommended by a friend.  Was seen by Dr. Vallejo.... thanks found my new primary care physician! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
10	1	 Dr. Vallejo was very pleasant and helped me understand my medical condition better than any other doctor I've been to. Highly recommended.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
10	0	.  The waiting time is so long and i felt like they just wanted to get rid of me 	4	2	3	3	Insurance:Anthem
12	-1	 When he ask you a question and you answer the question 100 different ways and he say that he still doesn't understand what you are talking about then there is something wrong with this doctor. He doesn't speak very good english. He does not follow guidelines set by workers comp and he will lie on paperwork. He is sneaky and he allows his staff to come to work sick and spreading germs. This is the worst doctor I have ever visited. I would never refer him to anyone, not even the pit bull next door.  	1	3	1	1	Insurance:Workers Comp
21	1	commentsGood bed side manner!  Took her time to talk about whatever I wanted to.  Very punctual and made me feel very comfortable. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	comments 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	 Terrific staff.  Very friendly even when I had to cancel an appointment.  Dr is very patient and wonderful with kids.  I had to bring mine to an appointment once.  He likes to &quot;cut to the chase,&quot; so having things written down before your visit is helpful.  In my experience, he is a good doctor.  	5	4	3	4	Insurance:Tricare
32	-1	 The staff is extremely RUDE and unfriendly. Also very unorganized. One of the nurses there could not even draw my blood because she was so nervous. She ended up telling me that she gives up and sent me to the hospital to have simple blood work. I will NEVER go back there again. I have changed doctors.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Tricare
32	1	commentsDr. Van is a wonderful doctor. I trust him and recommend him to all. 		4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	commentsThe service used to be better years ago when they has just one office in Griffin. It's now iffy, to say the least. It's a long, long wait to get an appointment with Dr. Van, and if you get one of the walk-ins only Drs., they are usually over-worked and unfriendly. They are always running late with appointments, and one time a few years back, they FORGOT about my appointment. Have fun having them call medicine into a pharmacy for you. When I requested another weeks worth of migraine meds, it took them 5 days to call it in, when the nurse said that she would do it that day. What if that was medicine for a heart condition, or something as serious&#63; 	3	3	3	4	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	 Never makes you feel rushed.  Listens to your concerns.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
48	1	 Have seen Dr. Valdecanas for several years, both for annual checkups and appointments for illness.  She is always knowledgeable and professional, and always works me in/sees me if I call with a problem.  She is very responsive to &quot;Medbuddy&quot; website questions and requests.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
48	1	 Dr. V. is such a sweet lady! She's very personable and also very professional. She answers all questions that I have, (no matter how silly they seem) explains everything that is going on and what procedures are necessary.  My and parents and I have been going to her for about 6 years and we couldn't be happier with our choice! 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	0	 Dr. V is ok.   It's her staff that makes me crazy.  If you phone in a perscription it's not better than 50/50 that it will get done.  	2	3	2	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	1	 Dr. V. has always been extremely helpful and has pointed me in the right direction on several occassions.  She is also the only doctor who has ever routinely checked my feet (necessary for diabetics).  I am impressed with her humanistic approach.   I have referred several people including my mom and all are happy! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	1	.  Good solid doctor, but her office staff is clueless so avoid at all costs! 		3	4	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	1	 This office is helpful and knowledgeable.  I would recommend.  	5	3	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
49	-1	 I have encountered a lot of doctors, but never one as rude and inconsiderate as this one.  It was bad enough that he has rude to my child and myself, but then he proceeded to slam and question the knowledge/intergrity of our referring doctors.  It's really sad that we have doctors like this that are not compasionate to their patients medical needs.  	4	1	1	3	Insurance:United Healthcare
50	1	 My entire family has transferred to Dr. Vancil's office, because he and his staff are simply amazing. They care about their patients, do their work with excellence, and go out of their way to help. I have had terrible experience with dentists in this area, and Dr. Vancil is a rare find. He does not recommend unnecessary procedures like my previous dentist and treats his staff with courtesy and respect. I strongly recommend him. One last thing, he is very good with children.  I took my preschooler there, and my son had a great visit! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	1	commentsDr. Vancil and his staff are first rate.  He's one of the best dentist I've ever had.  He genuinely cares about his patients and their over-all wellness.  His bed-side manner is amazing and you never feel rushed.  He does his absolute best to make sure you're comfortable and tries to make procedures as painless as possible.  I would HIGHLY recommend him (and have) to anyone. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	 Dr. Vandewater is a wonderful doctor. He makes you feel confortable about the procedure you receiving. He is straight forward and tells you everything you need to know. Bed-side manner is great and I would recommend him to anyone.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Humana
65	-1	 He was the rudest dr. I have ever seen. I would rather see a vet that ever be around this man again. He thought he was God.  	4	3	1	1	Insurance:United Healthcare
65	1	 Excellent bedside manner and medical knowledge.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$25
66	-1	 They told me I had a deviated septum and tried to cajole me into scheduling surgery as soon as possible.  I had a 2nd and 3rd opinion, which both told me that I do NOT have a deviated septum.  Do not believe these guys, they are not in business to make you healthy or better, they are in it to make money only.  The Dr. I got my 2nd opinion was able to guess who had misdiagnosed me...apparantly these asshats have a reputation with other ENT offices as being a 'nose job' mill.  You have been advised, and if you don't believe me...get a 2nd opinion.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:CIGNA
66	-1	.  there are better options out there for you and your family 	1	1	1	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	1	commentsSmart 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
70	-1	 I would not encourage anyone to visit this doctor unless she changes her staff. Pleasant doctor but the staff is uncaring and unprofessional. I am making another appointment and making another copay just so that I can speak to the doctor directly and let her know how her staff treat patients.  	1	1	1	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
71	1	 Superb doctor. He treats you as if he would spend all day with you if you need or wanted. He is very patient, understanding and a remarkable listener. Not to mention, he is very knowledgable and does everything he can to find or understand what is going on. I have had 5 other doctors in the past, and he definitely tops the list, and trust me, it is not easy finding a doctor with all of these qualities and more.  The waiting room can get pretty full at times, but it is definitely worth the wait (and the drive)! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:CoventryPaid/Co-pay:$25
71	1	 Was a little worried seeing a new psychiatrist in the area, however I'm glad I chose Dr. Vakharia. Very intelligent individual who properly diagnosed me. Have been seeing him for seven months, and can already see progress. The staff is helpful and friendly and make you feel at home.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
71	1	commentsHe is an xcellent Doctor who is knowledgeable, caring and courteous.  I very seldom have to wait a long time to see him and the visits are according to the patients needs, not too short and not too long.  Dr. Vakharia is a wonderful Doctor! 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
71	1	 Dr. Vakharia is very caring & really takes time to listen to issues you have.He also always asks of any new issues or worsening of problems.He is very concerned about his patients,im so happy i found him.His office personel are also helpful & polite & his assistant is as caring as he is.Wonderful group,the whole office,i like everyone there.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
77	1	 Very polite, with excellent Dr. Patent communication in person. However after patent leaves, She did not follow though with the paper work, and lab work, after a two plus week wait for a pre-employment physical, the paper work is still incomplete, and the job gone.  	5	1	5	4	Insurance:CIGNAPaid/Co-pay:$35
77	1	commentsDr. Van Schuvyer was an amazing doctor here in Woodstock, Georgia. I have yet to find a doctor that I find more passionate and caring about her patients. Our family misses her kind and nurturing spirit. I wished we lived in Trenton just to have her as my doctor again. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
77	1	 Very caring and easy to talk to. She knows her pharmacology and is well able to spot trends in you health. She has special abilities in treating older patients.  There no better doctor anywhere. Had a practice in Woodstock Ga. previously.  Tremendous loss to patients here when she moved to Trenton. Very much revered by our whole family. It has been very difficult to replace her.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
84	1	 He is very kind and knowledgeable, but wants to give me a rectal exam at every visit.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
84	1	 I found him most caring and has set a goal of keeping me healthy for my remaining days. Main concern is diabetes and related side effects. Gives me adequite time on each appointment and is concerned with cost.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
85	0	commentsThis dentist should be avoided.  He missed several cavities in my child,s teeth.  Plus, he really didn't want to put sealants on his teeth. I had to insist that he apply the sealants, even though the cost was covered by my insurance completely. 	3	3	3	3	Insurance:Unknown
85	-1	commentsDo not use this dentist.  They are not very friendly at all and I my children when they found out it was time to go to the dentist again, said please don't take us to that dentist office again.  They have since been to a new one and are much happier.  Please consider another dentist, especially if you have children. 	1	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	 Doctor was very friendly and helpful. I have been a patient for a couple years and have been satisfied with the services.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Delta Dental
85	1	 I found this dentist to be a good dentist but his staff is not good.  Sometimes my calls were returned and most times they were not.  The dentist is good for my son so I will continue to use him as a dentist for him.  	2	5	3	4	Insurance:CIGNA
91	1	commentsTypical chiropractic office. Came in for new patient special and then got the hard sell for thousands of dollars worth of treatment. Will not return 	3	3	4	4	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	.  Great practice, great Doctors, great service!!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
92	1	 This is the way in which a medical practice should be run.  Dr. V is not only technically very, very good; she cares very deeply about her patients as does her entire staff.  Wish I could give 6 stars; she deserves each and every one.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
95	1	 Dr.Vance is an excellent surgeon. He is very helpful and caring.He was  very pleasant in the hospital,  and in his office. We found him very knowledgeable about his subject , as well as for the rehabilitating period .He takes great pains to help you understand what he did when he operated , as well as after , and during your rehab.  He's a great doctor.  ! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
