dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	-1	Dr.Upshaw didn't ask what kind of symptoms I was having, didn't listen as I tried to explain my symptoms. Dr. Upshaw predicted what it may be, but wasn't 100% sure.  	2	5	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
2	1	I am also confused by the 2009 posting.  Dr. Unterman is a fine skilled cardiologist who performed cardiac surgery on me personally in October 2011.  He is highly respected, caring, friendly and a doctor that I will continue to use. Other members of my family prefer him as their cardiologist as well. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	I'm not sure what the other individual rating was about.  No other doctors are in the room when proceedures are done.  Dr. Unterman is one of the best doc in the city and does some of the most complicated cases that others will not touch.  Very skilled. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	-1	would not trust this doctor- has been known to upcharge while doing procedure's by having his partner Lippsitt stand next to him and shoot the bull while Unterman does the procedure 	5	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	I feel confident with Dr. Ulrich treating my family's vision and my own (I have type 1 diabetes).  	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	-1	This doctor lack of knowledge and care resulted in a deterioration in the in one of my son's eyes.  I filed complaints about him and think it is better to avoid dealing with him.  Your vision can't be replaced. 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	Dr Ugwonali was great, smart, friendly, on time. gave me options.  I would use him again if needed. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	Diagnosed a previously missed broken wrist, advised a course of treatment that included an excellent physcial therapy referral.  Probably could have made a bunch of $ operating on it, but correctly advised me not to go that route.  	2	4	5	5 	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
5	1	Dr. Ullah was great! I did not feel rushed at all. He listened to my concerns and asked lots of questions. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	Dr. Utberg changed my opinion of chiropractic medicine. I was an extreme cynic but after two visits with Dr. Utberg, I became a believer. He takes the time to explain the underlying reasons for any procedure. He gives excellent advice on how to avoid the issues in the future. He does not schedule endless re-visits to correct an issue. I highly recommend him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	Dr. Utberg has been my chiropractor for over 15 years and is, by far, the best chiropractor I've ever seen. His hours are very accommodating &amp; he has a friendly, professional &amp; caring demeanor towards his patients. Overall experience for the past 15 years: a 10 on the rating scale! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	Caring professional and friendly staff and Doctor. Very kind and listens. Prescriptions sent on time. Everything is done electronically. They call you back on time.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
8	1	always willing to help and find out what is going on.   Highly reccommend 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	-1	 	2	2	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	a wonderful doctor that pays attention to details 		4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	Great Doctor...  love that he gets right to business and it on time.  So many doctors let you sit for hours.  In and out and the best personalized service.  Cn ask for anything better.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	-1	To be Honest, I dont know why they let this doctor practice. He no longer has knowledge of what he is talking about. He might have been a good doctor back in his days, but he is only out to get money from patients. He does not care about his patients. I would never be seen by him again. Worst doctor that I have ever met. 	5	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	Caring and supportive. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	AMAZING DOCTOR.GOD SENT.GOOD STAFF. ORGANIZED, RESPECTFUL.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
13	1	I would highly recommend Dr. U to anyone facing cancer.  She has treated me for breast cancer for 2 1/2 years at the Hope Center in Cartersville.  I actually look forward to my appointments with her.  She answers my questions clearly and thoroughly--it is amazing how much she knows about cancer and cancer treatment.  I trust her judgement completely.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	One in a million doctor! Don't know of many doctors who will treat a patient like a person, and not just another on the list.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
14	-1	I agree.  My first visits were wonderful.  I could not believe I had found such a great, caring PCP.  Then, when I really needed My Doctor following stroke symptoms -at the age of 41, she was less than helpful/knowledgable.  	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
14	1	Dr. Updegraff is very personable. She has always taken time to listen meand she makes me feel that I am important to her. She has even called me at home to personally report test results.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
14	1	She is very nice and takes the time to listen to you and discuss with you.  She is very understanding and seems to care about her patients! I have recommended several people to her. 	4	4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	Great Dr.! Kindest Dr. I have ever known.  All others should learn from her. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	-1	You will wait a long time once called back. She is very &quot;fake&quot;, &quot;sweetie, baby, honey.&quot; She is not very knowledgable and not through. She passes the buck to others rather than giving you total care. Changes her opinion/views from visit to visit. ALWAYS calls in scripts instead of handing you one. Have to call and wait 72 hrs for refills. 	2	2	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	Dr. Monira is a great dentist. All my friends and family now go to her. She has great timings and is very caring. Her staff is very nice too. Overall, clean and efficient service, and she has all the latest tech. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	Very clean, nice staff, doc takes her time and answers your questions. Will come back again.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
16	1	She is very knowledgeble, very compasionate and a good listener. She is the best doctor that I HAVE SEEN AND i WILL RECOMMEND HER TO FAMILY AND FRIEND 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	Doctor is very accomodating, and saw me as an emergency patient.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	1	Excellent Physician + Caring Staff and best hospital. My experience could not be better under the circumstances. The doctor explained my wife's condition and helped me understand what to expect. My wife is back home and healthy. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	Very caring and patient physician. Took excellent care of my mum 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	Dr. Ugweuze saw my mother while she was at Skyridge. We were very impressed with the information he shared and the knowledge he had regarding cardiology. He took the time to talk with our family and explain what we should expect and kept us informed. My Best to him, and we are thankful for serving our Mom! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	The Hospital was clean and doctors very knowledgeable. We use this doctor and Hospital again. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	Dr. Ugwueze has excellent bedside manners. A very knowlegeable and compassionate physician. My wife owes her life to his careful attention to details. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	A proficient and compassionate doctor. Explained my complex medical conditions, in a language I could understand. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	Dr. Ugwueze is very thorough, knowledgeable and compassionate. His ability to explain my condition in simple english was highly appreciated. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	The doctors at skyridge are kind and took good care of my wife. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	Dr. Eze was very caring and patient with me and my family and all the questions we had concerning my brothers care. He was very detailed with his explainations and treated us like real people. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	-1	One of my family members was admitted to Skyridge Medical Center in Cleveland,TN recently with a diagnosis SZ vs TIA. Dr. Eze Uqwueze was completely unknowledgeable in this area. He would not answer simple direct question, he did not have a proper understanding of BASIC neurology terms such as: pt. is none responsive to noxious stimuli while having Sz. It was very difficult to communicate with Dr. Ugwueze secondary to his strong accent and poor understanding of English medical terms. I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND DR. UGWUEZE TO ANYONE. My family member sat in Skyridge Medical for 4 days without proper care with Dr. Ugwueze as the Hospitalist on call.  		1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	My daughter had 4 teeth filled in one sitting (under laughing gas). Everything was fine. Dr. Ullah called in the evening to see how she was doing. Very thoughtful and caring. 	5	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	My experience with Dr. Ullah was great!!! I don't enjoy going to Doctor's office period and she made me feel more than comfortable.  She was very through with explainig the exact treatment I needed, understanding of my financial needs and called the next day to check on me.  She is one Doctor that I would recomend and will see again. Thanks. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	Dr. Ullah at Cummings Family Dentist really understands what people need nowadays... reasonably priced dental services that don't take allllll day. I really appreciate how she runs special deals on services periodically so I can get the treatments that make my smile healthier and look better... her 50% off a new patient exam was what caught my eye and I sure am glad it did. I would recommend Dr. Ullah to anyone looking for a caring dentist in or near Cumming. She understands that times are tough so she makes it easier for us all to still have healthy teeth and gums. Thanks Dr. Ullah!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	Board suspension aside, Dr. Ulbrich is one of the most talented OB/GYN’s in the state of Georgia.  Based on the aggressive nature of the posts I would imagine his suspension was initiated by someone with a personal vendetta.   It is a shame that our community, for a time lost such a truly gifted physician. He delivered all three of my children, high risks pregnancies and they were all amazing deliveries.  As another person stated, almost timed to the minute. I have heard numerous other physician’s comment on his excellent surgical skills, one even saying ‘he has the best hands of any surgeon I’ve operated with’.  As someone who had access to statistical outcomes at Piedmont Hospital, Dr. Ulbrich consistently had the lowest C-Section rates, the highest successful VBAC rates (vaginal birth’s after previous C-Section) and lowest surgical complication rates.  Yes, he does practice progressive medicine.  If you are looking for a holistic, natural, birth he may not be the physician for you.  	 6/2/12	5	4	5	Insurance:Aetna
20	-1	I don't usually rate anything but I need to here since he may be back to practicing medicine again soon.I am neither sensitive nor a hippie, however, I think that doctors should be respectful of patients' choices and vice versa.Dr. Ulbrich's recommendations are mostly based on what is most convenient for him and not usually in the patients’ best interest.What he has recommended for me for my NON-high-risk pregnancy and birth of my child: pressured me into an amniocentesis during an appointment (no prior mention that I need to make a decision that day), induction for no valid reason (9 days before my due date and no complications), mockery when I briefly asked about the possibility of a natural birth, use of forceps during birth when I have not been pushing for more than 30 minutes and neither me or the baby were in distress, and prescribing me with his choice of birth control pills when he knew I was still breastfeeding and I specifically asked for a mini-pill. I did have a healthy baby 	 11/10/11	3	3	1	Insurance:United Healthcare
20	1	I have been going to Dr Ulbrich for many years and have always had excellent treatment from him.  I have referred several friends to him and they have all been very happy with him. Not only is he good with annual check-ups, he took great care of me before, during and after my hysterectomy a few years ago.  Dr Ulbrich will let you know about watching your weight -- if you don't want to hear about doing what's best for your health (i.e. eating right and losing weight!!) then you won't be happy with this doctor's refreshing honesty.  Sorry folks, if you are packing pounds, he'll say lose some!!  (More doctors should do that!!!) And yes, the time may stretch some but he always has enough time to listen to his patients. I am happy to recommend Dr Ulbrich as he is an excellent doctor and surgeon.  	 6/8/11	3	3	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	1	Dr. Ulbrich is a very knowledgeable, kind, caring doctor.  My experience with him was exceptional and I have and will continue to recommend him to my friends. 	 6/7/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	I would like to post my comments now knowing that Dr. Ulbrich's License has been suspended. I was giving his number by only recommendations from other patients, some that were nurses that worked along his side. Yes, he spent quality time with each and every visit during my 2nd pregnancy. I delivered at the Piedmont Fayette Hosp back in 2008, which was a VERY enjoyable experience expecially being my first induction. I was happy to have this option and a Dr. that would carry out my request (Planning) due to not having family to care for my first. Dr. Ulbrick knew exactly when and how things were going to go down. Too the minite, he called the time I was going to deliver and he was well ready for my delivery. I totally recommend him if you want a Dr. that knows what his doing and enjoys what he does. He has never made moves on me nor anyone I know, the ones that are in the medical practice. I CANNOT WAIT FOR HIS RETURN.  	 4/28/11	5	3	5	Insurance:Coventry
20	-1	My first child was born with this doctor. It was NOT a good experience. I had seen the nurse midwife in the practice, and I was hoping to birth without drugs. He mocked my choices, and was very rude during my labor. At my postpartum appointment, he did an internal exam without a nurse in the room, and prescribed birth control that was NOT compatible with breastfeeding even though he knew I was breastfeeding. He even went so far as to lie to me and tell me the prescription was safe to take while breastfeeding. Thankfully I read the insert, the one that said DO NOT TAKE THIS WHILE BREASTFEEDING. After the exam was over he cornered me in the hall to ask me AGAIN whether my relationship with my husband was stable, which had already been asked during the exam. I found this inexpressibly creepy, and I never went back. The day I heard his license had been revoked I literally danced for joy. 	 3/30/11	3	3	1	Insurance:Unknown
20	0	This doctor's license was suspended for sexual misconduct with patients:http://services.georgia.gov/dch/mebs/retrieveBoardOr... 				 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	I wish I would've seen Dr. Ulbrich for the birth of my first child.  Maybe then I wouldn't have had the problems that I did.  His bedside manner leaves little to be desired but his expertise in his field more than makes up for any rudeness he may exhibit.  While it is true that you have to wait forever to be seen (unless you are one of the first appts. of the day), when he does finally come in to see you, you will not be rushed!  He will spend as much time with you that you need and answer any questions you may have.  If you have thin skin and can't take constructive criticism then this is not the Dr. for you.   But if you want someone who is very skilled and knowledgeable in their field, is more concerned with your well being and that of your unborn child and not just to sit back and socialize and crack jokes than this is the doctor for you!  I would highly recommend him to anyone!!! 	 2/9/10	5	3	5	Insurance:CIGNA
20	1	I have been seeing Dr ulbrich since i was 17 and pregnant with my first child, he delivered my 2nd child and now is getting ready to deliver my 3rd, he is a great and caring doctor and so is his staff.  i wouldnt go anywhere else 	 2/5/10	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
20	-1	It's been 14.5 years since my experience with Dr. Ulbrich, & it is an unforgettable one. Vacation was his priority & the birth of my child was something to be taken care of before he left.  I was young & naive & he pressured me to be induced. My body was not yet ready to deliver the baby so he used those seaweed suppositories that they use for late-term abortions to try to speed things along the day before. Delivery was too complicated to detail here. APGAR score was 2 & respiratory had to be called in. I was home from the hospital less than 24 hours later because he discharged me before he left to go out of town! I also had complications with my episiotomy & he was unreachable during the week after my delivery & his office staff was completely useless about the issue. He knew it was bad, he even felt compelled to tell me that nobody had ever sued him before. I didn't sue him either, but I did switch doctors.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
20	-1	My story:  I had a complete removal of my uterus and ovaries due to severe endomitriosis at the young age of thirty.  Removal of ovaries for a female is medically analogous to castration in a male--it's a serious issue, leading to the loss of important hormones that affect many systems in the body.  Hormone replacement is given, but most doctors know little to nothing about hormone replacement.  This doctor is no exception.  He is arrogant, but not because he knows so much--he is arrogant because he thinks he does.  After I explained my concerns about HRT therapy, he interrupted me to deny half of what I was saying and then went on to say something that was entirely incorrect.  I did not go back to him.  Time and research has proven me right and him wrong. If you are an intelligent person who does her homework, you will certainly not find him knowledgeable. 	2	2	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	Hmmm...take your own bathrobe unless you don't mind your butt being exposed - his gowns are not gowns, they're vests.  Also, expect to wait a long time because Dr. Ulbrich is not punctual.  Oh, and he's extremely arrogant.   Now for the good news...Dr. Ulbrich will spend as much time with you as he did the person before you, and the person before that.  I have never felt rushed by him.  This is one of the reasons he runs so far behind.  When I was looking for a new physician, because mine had moved away, I asked nurses that I knew had worked with him they all told me what a great doctor he was, and that has been my experience.  Somethimes he doen't listen enough because he talks alot, but he's very knowledgeable and I trust him to help me make good decisions for my health.  	4	1	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	1	I have known Dr. Ulbrich since I was a 17 year old nursing student and he was an OB/GYN resident at Georgia Baptist Medical Center (now Atlanta Medical Center); I'm now 45. All the female OB residents went to him; my former OB/GYN Dr. who I went to stopped doing OB and recommended I go to him and had him deliver her own baby. Those are pretty good referrals. He has delivered both of my children and I could not have had more pleasant experiences. For those of you who complain that he gets on you about your weight--you know you should lose weight. I have the utmost confidence in him and would recommend him to anyone. I don't like waiting either but have to wait the same length of time at some point at every other doctor's office I go to. He also saved a friend of mine's life when she was being ignored about a lump in her breast and needed a 2nd opinion--told her she knew her body better than anyone and if she felt something was wrong, he'd listen. His staff has always been great to me.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	0	After a visit to the ER for a developing cyst, I went to see Dr. Ulbrich.  He told me we would &quot;monitor&quot; the cyst and then told me that I was approaching my birthday and what I could really use was some botox injections for the frown lines in my brow.   I have no respect for this doctor and will not recommend him to others.   If you have a serious gynecological issue I would definitely go elsewhere.  If you just want to look good then he's your guy.  	4	4	2	3 	Insurance:Coventry
20	1	Dr. Ulbrich delivered all three of my children and he is a wonderful doctor.  He is blunt at times but he never says anything that isn't correct.  Dr. Ulbrich saved my mother's life and I trust him with mine and my babies' lives.  I have recommended him to alot of women in the past and they have all been extremely satisfied with him without fail.   I have been his patient for 15 years and would never consider seeing another OB/GYN! 	3	2	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
20	1	I've seen Dr. Ulbrich several times for annual exams and one small outpatient surgery. Every time I've seen him I was frustrated with how long I had to wait - sometimes over an hour just to get in. Once you get in and sit on the table, you have to wait at least 30 minutes longer for him to come into the room. It seems like he spends a lot of time with Pharm. Reps, which is unprofessional when I am waiting naked on the table in the room next door. However, every time I leave Dr. Ulbrich's office, I feel extremely happy that I waited for him. If you have the time to wait, Dr. Ulbrich is a great doctor. He seems like a medical encyclopedia – he can recite the history of every OBGYN – related medical condition I ask him about. He always has immediate solutions to my problems, and I appreciate his bluntness and how he is to-the-point (some women may be too sensitive for that).  I definitely trust Dr. Ulbrich to deliver my first born baby.  	3	1	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	1	Dr.Ulbrich and his knowledge saved my life so I don't have anything bad to say. I will say he does get straight to the point so if you're a sensitive type who doesn't want to hear the uncomfortable truth you may want to look elsewhere.  	2	4	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	1	His front office staff is weak and making an appointment is difficult. He does spend alot of time with patients and works hard to explain everything. Seems to be very knowledgeable.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
20	1	I have been tried many doctors and I believed is the best. He is very concern about your weight but he is right. If you are overweight, you cannot be healthy. I will recommend him.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
20	-1	Oh where to start. First, he does not support extended breastfeeding- my child is younger than 2- told me that I needed a life, too. Called LLL &quot;Nazi-ish&quot; and then demonstrated he has no knowldege of what LLL does- or any benefit to extended nursing. Secondly, he told me that my exercise plan was wrong, and that a personal trainer was a waste of time. Wrote me an RX for a diet drug (that I did not ask nor do I want) and told me that this was helpful to 'change my lifestyle'. Said that diet and exercise weren't going to be enough for me- assumed my BMI was over 27% (without a test) when my trainer tested it at 24%. Couldn't find my IUD, but said he assumed it was still there and I shouldn't worry about it. This was a reschedule of an appointment that he was 2hours late for because of multiple drug reps in his office (per one of the nurses and the receptionist) I will never use him again. I will never recommend him to anyone.  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	1	Dr. Ulbrich or Peter as most of his patients refer to him as, is an extremely intelligent man who knows his area of specialty. I have been a patient of his for 18 years and he has delivered all 3 of my children. Several of his patients are nurses who work for him, there is a reason why they choose him over other doctors. He is very direct – blunt at times – but his first priority is the healthy birth of your child and your continued health after your child is born. I would not go to another doctor.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	1	I am a physician and he delivered my baby, available at any time during my pregnancy,saved my life and my daughters life. I had a chance to work with multiple doctors and he is my absolutely favourite. All my friends and family has him as OBGYN and are very satysfied. Highly recomend. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	0	Ugh, Dr. U drove me up the wall about my weight, and when I asked for help managing it, he told my husband to watch what I ate. Not Helpful. I was retaining water pretty seriously at one of my last appts and I got a lecture on weight gain- he did not listen to me at all. THAT BEING SAID... I refuse to go to another doctor. Dr U was so fantastic/amazing/wonderful in the delivery room that it was worth putting up with his constant nitpicking. His office staff is an entirely different subject. They would call me with test results over speaker phone, put me on hold forever to make an appointment, and were generally unpleasant to deal with.  		4	2	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	1	He is strict on your weight. He is sometimes a jerk - but he knows what he is doing. If you are sensitive he is NOT for you.  		3	3	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	1	I LOVE DR. ULBRICH. YES HE IS DIRECT, AND YES HE IS CONCERNED ABOUT WEIGHT ISSUES, BUT THOSE ARE BOTH GOOD THINGS IN A DOCTOR. MANY WOMEN USE PREGANCY AS A REASON TO OVER EAT. DR. ULBRICH HELPED ME SEE THAT I WAS OVERWEIGHT FOR MY FRAME AND ENCOURAGED ME TO LOSE WEIGHT FOR MY CHILDREN THAT HE DELIVERED. HE IS A WONDERFUL AND TRUSTED DOCTOR IN MY HOUSEHOLD. MY HUSBAND I REFER TO HIM AS &quot;PETER&quot; AS IF HE WAS FAMILY. I WOULD NEVER GO TO ANOTHER OBGYN FOR ANY AMOUNT OF MONEY. THANK YOU FOR ALL YOU DO DR.  ULBRICH! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	0	I am never happy at the amount of time I wait to get and appointment and to get in once I am there. They generally make me feel like I should be grateful to be there at all. Yes, Dr. Ulbrich is a stickler for weight loss but I appreciate the directness. Most Drs. never say anything when they should. I was profoundly unhappy with the skin center in his office.  		1	2	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	1	Wonderful, Sincere, Kind. Dr. Ulbrich has been my OB-GYN for the last 14yrs., has delivered both of my children. Would not and will not see anyone but Dr. Ulbrich. I have referred him to several people over the yrs. and will continue to do so.  He is the BEST !!! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	0	Came across as arrogant and and did not listen to me at all. Criticized my weight even though none of my other doctors (including top Atlanta cardiologist) have never said I needed to lose weight. Also, the procedure he performed on me was excruciatinly painful. I will never go to him again and would not recommend him to anyone.  		2	2	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	-1	Only visited office once, they scheduled me for the wrong office so I had to see the nurse practitioner. Since it was my first visit I specifically reguested this visit with the doctor. They lost my blood work in the lab. I never received any notification that my pap was normal. They never requested the records from my previous OBGYN. It takes at least 2 to 3 days for them to call my pharmacy to refill my perscription. They even denied me help when I needed a perscription called in before I went out of town.  I was very, very disappointed with the service (or nonservice) I received from this physician! 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Coventry
20	1	Dr. Ulbrich is a wonderful OB GYN. He is warm compassionate and truly enjoys working with women health issues. I highly recommend him. He is easy to talk to and he focuses on preventive health and improving quality of life issues.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	1	He has to be the best OB/GYN doc in GA. He also has an office located at Piedmont Hospital. Almost all of my friends use him as there doctor. I would highly recommend him to anyone looking for an OB/GYN. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
