dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	 I've been a patient of Dr Caldwell for many years.  She is attentive, respectful, and has consistantly provided excellent care.                                  It can be difficult to speak with her nurse and I have gotten very frustrated with rounds of phone/voice mail tag.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
1	1	commentsI have been a patient of Dr Caldwell's since 2006. She takes the time to listen, and has a great bedside manner. HOWEVER, I have had a terrible time with getting return calls or questions answered from her nursing staff. 	2	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	 I have seen Dr Caldwell now for several years.  When I first saw her I was impressed that she was able to spot chronic problems that my previous physician had not, specifically low vitamin B levels for my age. I know I have better care now.  Dr Caldwell will listen to me and respect the opinion I have on the functioning of my body.  I am so pleased with her that I sent my son to her.  He is satisfied with her also.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
1	1	 Dr. Caldwell has been my primary care physician now for several years.  She has also cared for two of my daughters.  I have found her to be caring and a good listener. Response from her nurse is prompt. I have referred my husband to her as a definite improvement over the care he has rec'd from another physician at Alpharetta Internal Medicine (over the past several years). I am confident that he will be more satisfied. I am very confortable questioning her conclusions and suggestions and she is always receptive. I am very satisfied with Dr. Caldwell as a physician and caring individual. I am a 55 year old woman.  	4	4	5	4	Insurance:Aetna
1	-1	commentsDue to change of insurance I was forced to find a new Internist. I was given Dr. Caldwell's name by another physician I respected. I scheduled an appointment with Dr. Caldwell's office and went over all the new patient questions and was given a date of 3 weeks away. When I arrived for my first appointment I was told my appointment was not until 2 more weeks, a totally different day and time than I was told over the phone. When I expressed that I was sure my appt. was on the day  I was there and I had specifically written it down as it was my first appt. with the Dr. the receptionist just said no it was not. The receptionist never once said it could be a mistake on their part or she was sorry or anything. I am now glad I have another chance to seek another physician, since the first impression you get is with the staff. 	1	5	1	3	Insurance:Unknown
1	0	 Very stern and unnecessarily nasty when she felt I had asked too many questions.  Instead of saying she had used up my alloted time, she told me there were many more people sicker than me out there. I think she was in a very bad mood that day.  I never saw her again.  I left the office crying and feeling much worse than when I went in there.  	3	5	3	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$40
13	1	commentsDr Cain is an excellent doctor who explains the procedures that he is to perform and puts you at ease with his explanation of what to expect.  He is a good bladder surgeon. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
13	0	commentsThis doc is a very nice guy but you want someone very aggressive when you have a high PSA and you are younger (40,50,and 60s) otherwise it can spread outside the prostate. (Apparently, younger men can have a very nasty and lethal type). I found another doctor because Dr Cain does not a high number of prostate surgeries and with all that is at stake, you want someone who does this surgery frequently. 	4	4	4	1	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	commentsDr Cain is the friendliest doctor I have ever met. He will spend a lot of time with you and explain every detail with you. I was so impressed with him when I needed surgery because he is very organized and was there for me whenever I needed him. WONDERFUL doctor!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	commentsDr. Callahan reminds me of a young &quot;Dr. Welby&quot; (if you are old enough to remember who that is). He took a lot of time to explain things to me-- I don't know how he can do that and keep on time, but he was pretty close (I think I waited 10 minutes or so). Only downside was that he's not in the office very often, I think only one day a week. A coworker recommended him and it took a few weeks to get in to see him. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
29	-1	 After an accident at work that herniated L-4,L5,S-1, I went to Dr. Cabot on a rec. from a friend. He tried facet injections which were extremely painful and not helpful. He seemed angry when I returned because they had in fact, made me worse. He scheduled a CT-Myleogram. Did not use an IV to replace fluids. Sent me home with a migraine headache. I laid in my bed for 12 days with a migraine. He refused to fix the problem and refused to give pain meds. His unwillingness to do a blood patch allowed blood to seep into the spinal canal. This created scar tissue. IT CAN NOT BE REPAIRED. 11 years later I had to have surgery to try and repair. Ended up worse. I am now perm. disabled and in EXTREME pain every minute. This man destroyed my life - literally. Do not let him treat any part of your spine. You will wake up every day for the rest of your life in agony. Most days the pain is so bad i want to die. Could have fixed it easily. You get what you pay for.  	3	2	1	1	Insurance:Workers Comp
32	1	commentshe is the most caring doctor i have ever been to. He is an excellent surgeon. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	.  Thorough and very pleasant 		5	5	5	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
34	1	commentsDr. Callahan is good and smart.  He helps my mother whenever we call him.  He is patient and skillfull. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	 Great doctor. he did not try to push any treatment or procedures on me that I did not want. knowledgeable. Definitely recommend, one of the best EENT docs in the area.  	3	3	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
37	1	 Always felt I was rushed every time didn't seem to understand what I was searching for for answers.  	4	3	4	4	Insurance:Coventry
39	1	 Dr.  Ken is the best around West Georgia! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
50	-1	 I had a very bad experience with this Dr.  he is very dishonest 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Medicare
50	1	 I have been very pleased with Dr.C. Have known him for a long time and he has always had the same pleasant attitude and sharp mind. I would and have recommended him to many people.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	1	 Exceptionally competent and conscientious.  Takes time to probe and listen to patient concerns. Excellent bed side manner, patient, and friendly.  Stays up to date on current medical practice techniques.  Highest possible rating from a senior citizen who has had dozens of other physicians before finding Dr. Caldwell.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:$40
50	-1	 Makes you wait 3 hours!  He was rude by walking out of the room and did not come back. Twice this happened after waiting 3 hours to see him. He told me he would reffer me to someone else for matters he could not address but never did.  I called three times about this matter and after no response chose to find another Dr. I have never had a Doctor to walk out of the room say I'll be right back and not come back.  	5	1	1	1	Insurance:United Healthcare
50	-1	commentspoor quality 		1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	commentsThe medical and clerical staff were so nice and helpful. They called me back within 5 minutes of my leaving them a message. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	.  This doctor office is wonderful! On time as well 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
64	1	commentsDr. Caby is badass! Would trust him to cut me open any day! 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
64	-1	 My husband saw Dr. Cabasares for a biopsy of his thyroid.  The doctor told us that my husband had cancer before even performing the biopsy.  When the results came back in conclusive, we were told &quot;we could just take out the thyroid anyway&quot;.  After seeing a specialist, my husband DOES NOT have cancer.  Glad he didn't have the surgery.  Now the bill has come in and they don't accept credit card payments, which is the only way our flexible spending account will pay out.  	1	2	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	1	 Dr. Calk spent a lot of time with my son and me.  He answered all our questions.  He was very knowledgeable and explained things thoroughly to us.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
73	1	 Dr. Calabro was recommended to our family when my daughter was admitted to the hospital for unexplained seizures. After meeting with her, we were extremely impressed. We are an AP family, and at the age of 18 months, my daughter was still breastfeeding. Dr. Calabro was extremely supportive of this and also said she was &quot;relieved&quot; to hear that she was breastfed bc there was no need for worry about hydration. She was also very receptive to the vaccinations we had chosen not to give our daughter and other decisions we had made with information at hand. I highly recommend her to any parent who wants a pediatrician who will listen and not just make orders that are expected to be followed.  		5	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
84	1	 I've been to over a dozen different dermatologists in my lifetime and I'll rank my first visit w/Dr. Calloway as third in terms of a comprehensive exam.  The top guy had me lay on a table and examined me with a magnifying glass, making notes.  The second guy cost me a fortune biopsying every slightly abnormal mole.  Dr. Calloway carefully examined my face and scalp and then did a quick examination of the rest of my skin, focusing on places I expressed concern about.  He quickly identified some areas as abnormal and sent them to the lab.  He came highly recommended by other doctors and I found him personable and (at face value) competent.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$20
84	1	commentsVery caring! Listened to my problems and helped me get better.  Great experience! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
84	-1	commentsWent to see Dr. C's PA.  I was examined very quickly, prescribed medication and sent home.  The course of treatment did not work. I called to make an appointment with the Dr., explaining to the secretary that it would be great to go to the same office to receive a second opinion.  She dismissed the idea, telling me there would be a 4 month wait to see the Dr.  I made an appointment to see the PA, came in for my appointment, waited 35 minutes (past my appt time) in a noisy waiting room (more like a train station), finally gave up and left.  I'm hoping there is a clinic with a more professional staff in town.  I really have no idea what this doc is like; I can only draw conclusions based upon the staff he hires and the way he allows them to conduct business.  Sad. 	1	1	1	3	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	 Great doctor!  The staff was very helpful and Dr. Callaway was very thorough and helpful with my skin condition.  Will definitely go back and will send my family to him.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
84	1	 The best doctor in the whole world.  Very friendly and caring.  Takes his time to listen.  Helped me tremendously with different skin problems.  I have recommended him to everyone I know.   He is awesome! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:$25
84	-1	 I would not go to him again.  I went to him for moderate acne and he suggested accutane,  I declined, I think he just wanted me to take it so I would have to come back more time so he could charge me more.  I found a different doctor that said I did not need accutane.  	3	2	2	1	Insurance:United Healthcare
84	-1	 I was a patient of Dr. Callaway's from Jan 06 - June 06 and he dammed near killed me. I had a serious skin infection and rather than acknowledge that he didn't recognize it treated me with various concoctions until I finally insisted upon being seen at Grand Rounds at MCG. The doctors there immediately correctly diagnosed my condition and told Dr. Calloway which presciptions to use. I was at the maximum dosage for these and for the meication to handle the pain. After 3 weeks, I went back to him shaking uncontrollably for being overmedicated. His only comment was to continue with the medications as prescribed. I immediately went to another Doctor that sent me back to MCG. At the Dermatology department at MCG, I was immediately taken off of all medications and checked for liver and kidney damage. My condition was originally cleared but has left me with considerable scarring and pain.  	1	3	2	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
84	-1	 Dr. Callaway also raised his voice with me and also asked me if I wanted to get a second opinion. I visited him for the same problem every week for about 3 months and then had to return 3 years later due to the same problem which went dormant but did not disapear. I still did not get any relief from him after running test after test. The final relief came from asking a retired nurse who was a neighbor of ours. She pointed me in the right direction and we bypassed Dr. Callaway. I would not recommend him to anyone due to his lack of knowledge.  	2	2	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
84	-1	commentsWhen I made suggestions to DR.Callaway about my skin problem,he became angry and raised his voice,then said &quot;would you like a second opinion&#63;&quot; I was a bit surprised at his lack of professionalism and I left. I wouldn't recommend him to anyone. 		2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	commentsWonderful, compassionate, cutting edge information.  She provided discussion of the underlying causes to my symptoms and balanced my hormones. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	 Very informative and helpful where other doctors have failed. Helped balance out hormones and thyroid.  	3	2	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
85	1	 Dr. Cabeca was very thorough and worked with me to balance my hormones and get me off of blood pressure and diabetes medications.  She is the first doctor I have seen who tried to get me off meds instead of putting me on them.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
85	1	 I've been going here for several years.  I personally much prefer the nurse practitioner, Libby Carter than the doctor.  The doctor does not have the best bedside manner.  They are NEVER running on time so make sure you have plenty of time.  Libby takes her time and truly wants to figure out what is best for you.  She is very quick to respond to phone call messages and emails.  I do think that this office is proactive in finding hormonal issues unique to each individual.  I have numerous friends who have never had a hormonal test done so for those that can't find solutions to problems, this is a great office!  I am not impressed with the staff either. If you can get past the front desk and to Libby, you will be pleased.  They do like to schedule more visits than needed and seem to make money by doing so.  They also like to push their products and supplements which I don't care for.   It's all about being selective and getting what you need and leaving the rest there! Libby is excellent! 	3	2	4	4	Insurance:Coventry
85	0	 Saw PA. After 3 appointments I questioned a bill in July and when I challenged the billing that should have been for an annual exam I was told I was wrong. I was not. I canceled my next appointment and planned to chalk it up to experience.Cost me $600 out of my pocket after insurance to learn this.  	4	3	3	3	Insurance:United Healthcare
85	1	 I scheduled a consultation with the nurse practitioner of Anna Cabeca. I visited with the nurse practitioner due to her being covered by my insurance and Dr. Anna Cabeca is not. When scheduling the appointment, I allowed them to charge $50.00 onto my credit card. Office staff said they could not tell me how much visit was until after visit..The consulation consisted of a 10 minute conversation about healthy eating after me filling out a questionaire. I did not return for a follow up visit. On 6/2/11, I received a bill for $122.66.I called and wrote on the bill and mailed back, my refusal to pay the bill and how I think they are misleading and  their patients about the charges.  	3	5	3	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
85	1	 I have yet to see this doctor.  I always see the Nurse Practitioner.  She seems knowledgable regarding my problems, but would be nice to see the doctor also.  	4	2	3	4	Insurance:United Healthcare
85	1	 Very good OB and speaks Spanish too.  2712 Parkwood Drive, POB 920, Brunswick, Georgia 31520 	5	5	5	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
86	1	 Dr. Cable has a conservative approach to treating back pain.  	3	4	5	5	Insurance:Workers Comp
86	-1	commentsHe was not helpful and have no knowledge of what his doing. 	3	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	 I have been going to Dr. Todd Cable for many years.  If It weren't for his extreme knowledge of pain management I don't know what I would've done.  I regularly get lower back injections and he also explained to me in 2004 about Medtronics nerostimulator.  I highly recommend Dr. Cable.  He is a compassionate and caring physician.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
86	0	 He helped my Aunt who had pinched nerve in her neck...he did an invasive procedure and has her on a strong psychotropic med for maintenance. I saw him for spinal arthritis and fibromyalgia. He wanted to do a 2-step procedure requiring gen. anesthesia both times. Is very difficult to talk to or ask a question of because he speaks as tho he is reading from a medical textbook. My aunt took her daughter with her because of this; otherwise wouldn't know what he was saying. Makes up his mind quickly and is aggravated if one wishes to ask about anything else. When I mentioned fibromyalgia he said, &quot;if your muscles are sore then you should get back to your hiking.&quot; This is why I rated him low on knowledge: fms is not caused by inactivity nor defined by 'sore muscles'. I told of bad reactions to gen. anesthesia. He wasn't deterred. His plan was set period. fwiw: didn't prescribe any meds for me; told my aunt Topomax is &quot;the&quot; med for neck pain. He IS good for nerve blocks.  		4	3	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
86	1	 I have been going to this dr. for 8yrs. and he has been so good. He takes the time to fine a way to take the pain away without using drugs first. Then he starts the meds. that best suits the patient.  		4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$17500
89	1	 Dr cabanas is very knowledgable non judgmental and compassionate.  I felt he treated me as if I was his very own family member.    I felt better just talking with him and relieved that I was apparently in good and caring hands.  His diagnoses and treatment were right on.    I have found the doctor me and me family need! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$25
94	1	commentsDr. Camasta is the most caring dr i have ever met and he did a complete miracle on my foot! HE IS THE BEST!!!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
94	-1	 This doctor and his staff are a JOKE! Once they lure you in for surgery, he is DONE with you. No cleaning surgical sites and God FORBID you come back before your time and receive a SNIDE attitude from him. Take your business to a REAL doctor.  	1	5	1	3	Insurance:Aetna
94	1	commentsAfter my operation by doctor Camasta, I recovered at 100%. He is the best doctor for foot and ankle. Every doctor I met told me I should be in wheel chair for the rest of my life. Now after my operation I can walk normaly and I don't have any pain. I call him Dr Miracle. He is a wonderful, competent and comprehensive doctor. Thank you Dr. Camasta 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
94	1	commentsI met Dr. Camasta in Montreal Canada. I had six months ago a fusion of the ankle and a stress fracture of the tibia. I could'not walk when I met him. He told me he could help me and make another operation to put my foot in the proper angle. I have been operated on November 11th 2007. All the people who took care of me were absolutely very nice. Dr. Camasta is very kind. I had confidence in is judgment and competence. I am now waiting for the results, but I am sure it's going to be a success. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
