dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
2	1	commentsDr maude is excellent. She knows her stuff and is very professional. She is extremely concered with your welfare and if she can not help you, she will lead you to someone that can be of help. 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	.  he was good knowledgable very helpful and great and on time 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
5	-1	comments 	2	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
19	0	commentshas no staff. don't know when's doc would answer d phone which has no signal at all. can't leave msg. out of my 12 calls, dr. answered 1. hv 2 email regardng schdule. expect response in a few days. my appt at 9PM, waited almost till 10:30PM!! there'r &gt; patient waitng when I got out after 11PM. He gave me impressn that he went his way that late 2 help me, I brought him food 2 thk him. guess that's his &quot;normal&quot; hr. am sick.couldn't move all limps much hm bound. no social connetn. struggle 2 c him. got out feeling bad. but deperate, emailed reschedule. use abbrevatn as usng hand hurts. he refused his exact words -- &quot;seriously – please type in English – I’m not going to respond to this type of communication.&quot; Now I hurt way &gt; physically so much typng n feel like crap. think Psychiatrist supposed 2 make u feel good n care about u&#63; Paid/Co-pay:$15	1	1	2	4	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	 Fantastic doctor; very patient, very helpful and knowledgeable.  Absolutely recommend 		5	5	5	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
20	1	 Dr Pang is very knowledgeable. He tells you of new medicines that are available. He sets up your appointments on a schedule. Any other problems you have he often has a suggestion to solve them.He takes an interest in his patients.  		5	5	5	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
27	1	commentsAfter seeing 2 doctors about my ankle tendon Dr. Pascual was the ONLY one that diagnosed the problem correctly-posterior tibia tendon rupture. Wearing the boot and Fector patch and pain free for 5 days straight! The best I've felt in 2 years! Took the MRI and will go back to figure out the next step. The staff very down to earth and treated me well. The wait extra heavy because she was going on vacation so it was packed. Doctors punctual&#63; Really&#63; 	4	3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
27	-1	commentslook profesional on computer .but when you go ther you wait one hour our more /bogus add thats not her on add//// staff suck;s can;t rememeber anyone or what the patient there for or &#63;  get your act togther or go back to school/think of patient not $$$$$$$$$ 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
29	-1	commentsThis doctor seems to have a problem with dads.  Seems to focus on breastfeeding to the exclusion of fathers.  As a dad, when I had questions or tried to express my concerns, she talked over me, told me I needed to be more supportive, told me I needed to put all future concerns, questions in writing and wouldn't allow me in the exam room with my baby.  Auwe.  Looking for another doctor. Paid/Co-pay:$100	3	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	 To agree with the previous comment, Dr.Pager is usually late. But on a good note, Dr. Pager is old school. She's not into all of the medications, &quot;new age&quot; products and such. She's full of information and straight to the point. She also writes EVERYTHING down to you. So if you're no-fuss parents consider her. Just make sure when you schedule an appointment, you know that you may end up waiting a little bit longer then most offices. She's excellent at what she does, you can call her all hours of the night and she will ALWAYS follow up with you (not you to her) if you endup  in the ER. If you want the type of doctor you probly had growin up she's it. Her staff makes up for where she lacks.  	5	2	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	1	commentsDr. Pager was my lactation consultant, and one of the best physicians I have ever seen. I would have made her my pediatrician, but I moved. She even called me at home several times, even on weekends and a holiday, to check on me. She also spent at least an hour with me each time I saw her. I have never had such personalized care by a doctor. 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
29	-1	commentsAvoid at all costs! Today we had our first pre-natal appointment. After waiting for 30 minutes, she called to inform us that she was late because she had to take her call to the Toyota dealer and that took longer than expected. After waiting for 10 minutes more after that we decided to leave and look for another pediatrician. Obviously she does not respect her patients and is convinced that her time is more important than ours. Having to take your car to the dealear IS NOT A VALID excuse for being more than half hour late. Period! 	2	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	commentsThe best dentist I've had strongly reccomended 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	commentsDr. Patel changed my smile and I thank him so much for it.  I was embarrased with how my teeth looked for so many years and could not find a dentist that I could trust.  I found him and have sent my husband to him as well who had to have a root canal and a crown he compelted in one visit.  You are truly a skilled artist Dr. Patel, your team is great and always makes me feel comfortable without being judged.  Thank you for taking care of my family. Sincerely, Your happy patient 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	commentsI switched to Dr Palalay from another oncologist - He is caring and listens.  There is always a long wait but the care he provides is worth waiting for. 	5	1	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	 Compassionate and understanding. Keeps up to date with the latest treatments. Listens to his patients and doesn't rush through the appointment. This, along with perhaps some overbooking, causes him to run late most days. But if you can plan for that, he's worth the wait.  	5	3	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
41	1	comments 	5	2	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	commentsVery good doctor - knowledgeable and caring. Respond to calls or questions. 	5	3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	comments 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	commentsEarlier this year, I had to have my thyroid removed and was advised to have it done by Dr. Richard L. Pang.I met with him and scheduled my thyroidectomy. He was very proffessional,explained the procedure ,answered all my qestions,and reassured me everthing would be fine.The procedure went well, and I thank him for all he has done for me. He is a very caring and kind physician, with an excellant bedside manner.He is the (best of the best) in my opinion, and I would recommend him to anyone who needs his services. Mahalo Dr.Pang 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	 Dr Pearce is very helpful and has great service.I would defiantly recommended Dr Pearce.  	5	4	4	4	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
61	1	 This doctor is very compassionate, takes time to explain, and helps the caregiver along with the patient.  		4	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
64	1	 Caring, knowledgable,prompt.  I felt so much better! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
64	1	commentsVery Good 		4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	commentsI had liposuction on my thighs, calves, and ankles. I am very satisfied with the results. Dr.Pasquale is very easy to talk to and his explanations are easy to understand. His staff are very sweet and always helpful when I have questions. I'd definitely recommend him to anyone thinking of having plastic surgery. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	commentsExcellent doctor and results. I couldn't be happier with his and his staff's professionalism and care. I would absolutely recommend Dr. Pasquale for any cosmetic work. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	commentsLast yr was my 10 yr high school reunion,and I felt like doing something very subtle to my face but wasn't sure what I needed exactly.Getting scheduled for a consult was very fast and easy.During the consult I spoke w/ Dr and one of his consultants and had my treatment done same day.Dr. said what would help would be fillers.His nurse took me into one of the treatment rooms and numbed me w/ topical lido and placed an ice pack under my eyes for a few minutes.When Dr came in he looked at my face again and after numerous &quot;crackling sound&quot; injections,he made my dark circles and hollowness under my eyes vanish.He is a man of very few words,but if you don't need a hand holder and able to get past his shell by simply talking to him,you'll be glad to have him as your doctor. Back to my reunion,my classmates said that I looked great and many said I look the same since hs! Now if looking 10 yrs younger in not a compliment,I don't know what is!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	commentsExperienced, great eyes, artistic and knowledgable!  Fixed what another cosmetic/Plastics Doctor botched! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	commentsI am a nurse who went to Dr. Pasquale after consulting 5 other plastic surgeon for a infected breast implant/skin deformity caused by the implant and he was the only one willing to help me without charging me a fortune.  He has removed the implant, done a scar revision and fat injections to rebuild my skin.  We are still in the process of healing but everything looks unbelievable and going in the right direction.  He walked me through ever step of the way, sits down and talks to me before procedures to make sure I'm comfortable and dont have question and I'm satified.  He is very supportive through my whole reconstruction and always  keeps me in the loop.  He is awesome, his staff is very personable.  He has done an amazing job thus far and was there for me every step when no one else would help me. I would recommend him a 100% to anyone I knew.  Aside from being an awesome doctor, his prices are very reasonable! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
67	-1	commentsMy experience with Dr. Pasquale was a nightmare. I originally had surgery for breast implants and an arm lift. Over a three year period, I had to have two sets of implants removed because of infection and my arms were a zigzag mess. Fortunately, I moved to Virginia and found a doctor that was an amazing surgeon and she performed reconstructive surgery on both my arms and breasts. Beware:( 	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	commentsI consulted with 6 other plastic surgeons before deciding to go with Dr. Michael Pasquale.  I was very impressed by the 27 page typed folder I was given explaining what to expect before, during and after surgery.  All my bases were covered with all the meds he prescribed.  I am a nurse who previously worked in plastic surgery.  My recovery is definitely less than I expected or the 3 weeks that was written in my folder.  I was sitting on the beach 2 days after my breast augmentation with mastopexy.  My breast look and feel great! I highly recommend Dr. Pasquale! Paid/Co-pay:$8040	5	5	4	4	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	commentsDr. Pasquale and staff were, by far, the friendliest, most helpful and knowledgeable group of people.  Very well trained.  They listened and quickly addressed my concerns, easing my mind in every way about the procedure.  Timely with their appointments and flexible to fit my busy schedule.  The excellent pre- and post-surgical care blew my mind.  Just goes to show that they are ensuring a successful outcome for you.  I am so happy that I selected Dr. Pasquale's office to do my surgery because Dr. Pasquale is a highly-skilled professional plastic surgeon who works with extreme precision.  I appreciated his artist's eye and that he knew what would look great for my body.  I love the results because they are so natural.  I wouldn’t change a thing.  I am so very pleased.  I feel like Dr. Pasquale and his staff truly invested themselves in my success, and I am feeling very successful.  I wish anyone and everyone who is considering plastic surgery would check out Dr. Pasquale’s office. Paid/Co-pay:$7000	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	commentsDr Pasquale is a fabulous doctor!!! He did my breast twice first from a full C to a full D! The procedure was done perfect and I had no problems or complications!!! Good work 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
67	0	commentsDr. Pasquale did a tummy tuck on me and ruined my mid-section. He didn't put the belly-button back in the right place, so the tiny, unnatural belly-button opening was wrongly put too low, and the actual belly-button stem is inches higher. I had to pay to do a revision, which he still screwed up and did not fix it. He not only messed it up the first time, he was not skilled enough to fix his own mistake the second time around, even shelling out more money! I don't know if he used to be good at one time in his career, but I would not recommend going to him. Find another doctor who cares and who knows what he is doing. 	3	3	2	4	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	commentsDr Pasquale did my rhinoplasty procedure back in February, and I am very very pleased with the results. He was very straight forward and confident that he could accomplish what I wanted done, after several other surgeons said they couldn't. And sure enough he accomplished it with ease! I am very satified with my work, and am planning on going back to him for more work. I suprised my husband coming home from Afghanistan with my new nose and I have never felt more beautiful! Paid/Co-pay:$6000	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
67	-1	commentsWorst doctor. Regret ever going to him. Now I have to live with the deformation that he created. 	5	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	commentsI had a tummy tuck and breast augmentation and I could not be more pleased with him and his staff. He is down to earth and answered my questions before and after as you can see he cares for his &quot;work&quot; a great deal. My recovery was quicker than he told me. The breast look natural and the scar from my tummy tuck looks very nice, well below where my Bikini covers it. I highly recommend him. Paid/Co-pay:$15000	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	commentsI had liposuction and breast implants by Dr. Pasquale just 4 months ago. I am very happy with the result. Breast are perfect, there was one small area after liposuction that required a very small revision which he did for free under local anesthesia.. It all turned out great !! Dr. Pasquale was always attentive and when he notice the area said he needed to do that. This is an honest and caring Plastic Surgeon. Paid/Co-pay:$12000	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	commentsI had breast augmentation by Dr. Pasquale three months ago, with Saline 425cc they are PERFECT. Feel natural look natural, great cleavage and his staff is wonderful and caring.If you are looking you have to see him !! Paid/Co-pay:$7000	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	commentsI had an upper and lower mommy makeover. The breast were increased from a b cup to a large c almost a D. They look as my husband said--great !! My belly had stretch marks and lots of skin after my second child. Dr. Pasquale told me liposuction would not work even though I wanted that. I am soooo glad he talked me out of liposuction as the tummmy tuck got rid of 80% of my stretch marks and it looks good as well almost my old figure back. I have nothing but praises for this guy !! Paid/Co-pay:$15000	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
67	-1	comments 	2	2	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	commentsI had liposuction on my upper abs yesterday.  Today, I feel great. I removed the girdle thingie and I'm so pleased with the results.  Even though the area is still swollen, I can already see that its flat and exactly what I was hoping for.  It'll probably be better.  I had the surgery yesterday, and today I feel better than I expected.  I'm a little sore, but I haven't had to take my pain meds every 4-6 hours.  I took it this morning, and will again before bed. I'm not saying that I'm ready to run a mile, but I'm able to walk, sit, stand, etc without any excruciating pain. I've even gone out to the store just to get out of the house.  Dr. Pasquale is excellent.  This is my second procedure with him, and I highly recommend him if you're looking for a doctor who has great technique and a keen eye for shape and beauty.  He also has a great staff.  I felt well taken care of from start to finish. I'm so happy that I decided to go back to Dr. Pasquale; he's absolutely the best. Paid/Co-pay:$4000	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	comments3 weeks out from a mid and lower face lift, combined with a temporal brow lift and new breasts. I LOOK FABULOUS! I highly recommmend Dr. Michael Anthony Pasquale of Honolulu, Hawaii! After consulting with many surgeons I consulted with Dr. Pasquale. His knowledge far surpassed any other Dr. I had seen. I appreciated his straight talk and he was the first to suggest a mid-face lift, which I am soooo THRILLED with the results! The sagging muscles go up not out, so you don't have that stretched, horrid, facelift we have all seen. In fact a friend of mine is so impressed she is seeing him today. All I can say is I look 10 years younger and very, very natural.THANK YOU Dr. Pasquale for matching my outside with my inside! This was worth every penny...and the boobs are FABULOUS as well!     &quot;DR. PASQUALE MAKING THE WORLD A MORE BEAUTIFUL PLACE, ONE FACE AT A TIME!&quot; 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	commentsI had Breat Augmentation done by Dr. Pasquale back in March of 2005. He really did an amazing job and I would use him again. I sometimes forget I had the sugery done because they look so natural and I've received many compliments on them. My husband loves them and can't believe they are not real. I am super happy with his excellent work on me! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	commentsEverything went well from the consult up to the day of my augmentation surgery. After I woke up and had my bandages taken off, I was very dissapointed. They were noticable uneven. Went back to him for a revision and came out lopsided on the other side. Two bad surgeries by him. Lucky for you that didn't have anything go wrong. 	5	4	4	3	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	commentsI am asian and had my eyelids done by Dr. Michael Pasquale in Hawaii. I wanted a deeper crease and went to three doctors in Honolulu who did not want me do it the way I wanted. Dr. P was the only one who understood what I wanted exactly. The surgery went well and my double eyelid is perfect now. I have nothing but good things to say about Dr. Pasquale. He understands and listen to me. Paid/Co-pay:$2000	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
67	0	comments 	4	3	4	2	Insurance:Unknown
67	-1	commentsI had a rhinoplasty done with Dr. Pasquale and let me tell you I SHOULD NOT HAVE CAME TO HIM! needless to say my nose, is crooked to the right, a little hump on the left side, a really bulbous tip and generally doesnt fit my face at all. We discussed what would happen with the surgery and he generally seemed overly confidant that it would work out. I had to re-enlist in the service and am researching someone to do the revision. Overall I am VERY dissatisfied. 	2	3	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
97	1	 He and his staff were very helpful and pleasant.  Highly recommended!!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
97	-1	comments.Not professional at all . Rude, your are in and out like no compassion 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
97	1	 Dr. Pau and his staff are very caring and really try to make your life better.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
97	1	comments 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
