dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	she's very kind an friendly. she takes her time and answers questions. has great bed side manners.She delivered my first baby and I was very happy with the experience of having her as my dr.  	 3/12/11	3	4	5	Insurance:CIGNA
1	1	She is a nice, polite, caring doctor.  Her staff isn't great, but I am a returning patient because of Dr. Heidari alone.  	2	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	1	she was INCREDIBLY kind and thorough.  VERY thoughtful and just overall GREAT experience!!! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
2	1	I started seeing dr huang in 2005.  Since then I got pregnant three times, 2 beautiful baby girls, and 1 mc.  He seems like he is very rushed bc he talks ridiculously fast, but he is a very compassionate doctor.  I felt that he was very honest, but still optimistic on my chances.  I was given only a five percent chance to conceive my second baby.  After  20 iui and 1 ivf, I am forever grateful to him!  Infertility is very emotional and frustrating!!  Don't give up!! 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	Dr Huang and the Staff are the best!! Dr Huang is very knowlegable,honest and professional. The staff was very helpful as well. I want to Thank Dr Huang and the staff for everything they did. We have a handsome baby boy and we are forever greatful.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	1	Hats off to Dr. Huang and his staff. They are fun, caring, and go the extra mile. I left my medicine at his office and Kim actually brought it to me after hours. Love them! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	Dr. Huang probably saved my life. After seeing a GYN that just didn't care I bled so long I was anemic, I found Dr. Huang's card in my wallet that a friend gave to me. He immediately admitted me to the hospital and I ended up needing 4 units of blood. My husband and I have been trying for 8 years to have a baby and we've done 2 IVF cycles with other doctors. Dr. Huang gives us hope that we still have a chance of conceiving ... his staff has been amazing, very responsive and helpful and they knew me by name by my 2nd visit.  I appreciate little things like that! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	0	Dr.Huang is a great doctor, but his office staff just makes him very unprofessional.  The staff there is extremly rude.  There supervisor on the other hand Kim is unpleasant.  I overheard her and another employee which is an RN talk bad about a patient.  Excellent doctor but the staff that runs the office makes the visits very uncomfortable.  	2	2	2	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
2	1	I was told by another infertility doctor that I had a 1:10,000 chance of having my own baby, and that I should look into donor eggs.  After seeing Dr. Huang, he gave my husband and I hope, and after retesting me, thought I'd have a good chance at having a baby.  Well he was right, times two!   My boy was conceived with IUI in the first cycle.  My girl came as a surprise naturally 15 months later.  Thank you, Dr. Huang! 	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	Infertility is a very difficult experience.  With a doctor like Dr. Huang it was made a little easier.  He answered all my questions even when they were &quot;after hours&quot;.  His staff was always knowledgeable and kind.     Thanks Dr. Huang! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	Great doctor, terrific bedside manner and very honest, but positive. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	-1	can't believe he's board certified--was very unknowledgable about recent developments in the field! egotism without the goods to back it up=bad doctoring. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	Very professional and a great bedside manner. I liked him alot. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	-1	I was very pleased with Dr. Hirata for an emergency hospital visit I had. He came in on his day off just to check up with me which I thought was very nice, but later on was very disappointed with him and his care. He was not at all knowledgeable once I became pregnant and insisted on routine procedures that I would not use at every single visit. He would not even hear otherwise. I was basically told what I would do or he wouldn't see me. This was not as upsetting as the paperwork I received to sign which stated that I would have to pay for procedures out of pocket even though I was on Medicaid. I called the Medicaid office to make sure I was correct in assuming this was illegal and they assured me that he was not allowed to do so and I was encouraged to file a report.  	4	2	2	2 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
3	1	Dr. Randall Hirata was not only caring and helpful - saving me from an unnecessary emergency procedure, but did an excellent cystectomy on me and treated my endometriosis. He was respectful of my religious beliefs, and polite to my family members during a rather scary time for us. Given the limited choices of doctors in Hilo, I would recommend Dr. Hirata any day.  	2	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
3	1	Very comfortable to talk to; not intimidating at all.  I have never waited more than 10 min. to see him.  I have recommended him to a few people. 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	I've been super impressed with dr. Hirata and his excellent staff.  I've never been so well cared for by an office and never waited. The doctor is top notch.  I'd see him again if I ever was again pregnant and I'd know I was in great hands. Mrs. Merritt g. Mayer of big island Hawaii 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	-1	would never suggest for anyone to use this doctor.  service by doctor as well as staff is POOR.  i was diagnosed with pre cancerous cells and needed a pap smear and biopsy in order to find out the seriousness of this condition.  He basically shook my hand, told me &quot;you dont have cancer, it will all go away in a short time, come back and see me in a couple of months.  this is after reading a clear diagnoses of pre cancerous cells in the uterus.  What a QUACK!!!  I waited one month just to get an appointment.  I informed him that I was experiencing burning while urinating (clear sign of a bladder infection) and he refused to even prescribe any antibiotics.  If he is overwhelmed he should not have seen me in the first place.  I would never send anyone to see this doctor.   He is sooo overwhelmed its as if he doesnt even enjoy practicing medicine any more.   He probably wanted to just get paid for an office visit. I am appalled at the level of service.   STAY AWAY FROM DR RANDALL HIRATA!!!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	Compassionate, listens to patient. Occasionally late, especially early appointments. Waiting time between appointments is short.  Staff is helpful. Very nice office.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	Dr. Harmeling is very smart and very nice.  One of the most easy-going docs I have ever met.  And he takes time to explain what is wrong and what to do about it.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	Best doctor I have been to, takes time to listen and understand.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
5	1	Excellent doctor!  Truly a breath of fresh air after the last doctor I had.  He really takes the time to understand and address your health concerns.  He has wonderful bedside manner that made me feel comfortable and able to talk to him about any health concerns I might have.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	Dr Harmeling is one of thee best doctors I have ever seen.  He knows how to explain things so that you understand and he is very knowledgable.  I hope he stays in Hilo for a LONG time, I would hate to have to find another doctor that could even come close to Dr Harmeling. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	Hes an amazing Doctor I would wait however long to see him. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	Very sharp with good &quot;bedside manner&quot;.  Cost conscious for the patient.  Thorough, explains his views/recommendations, works with patient to arrive at agreed upon outcome. 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	She really patched my butt up!  Nice woman.  She had a nice bedside manner. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	a good all around family doctor that will keep a good watch on all your numbers. 	5	5	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	Very caring and professional.  Took very good care of me. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	-1	Absolutely terrible bedside manner to the point of being outrageously Rude. Aggressively prehistoric in attitude.  He is a knuckle dragging back shaving neanderthal.  	2	2	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	1	my knee is great now thanks to dr harpstrite 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	Dr Hill is the best chiropractor I have been to, out of the five I have seen.  She always pleasant, punctual for appointment times, and sharing of her extensive knowledge.  She is educated in Eastern and Western medicine.  The whole body will be healed because, unlike other chiropractors that just do a spinal adjustment and maybe a massage, she will also do myofascial muscle release to relax the tight muscles AND accupuncture for energy/ nervous system health.  She also gives exercises and home theropies to keep the spinal allignment.  She was amazing with my five year old by realigning her pelvis with a pressure point.  She wants to go back to see Dr. Hill though she was scared to see a new doctor before the appointment.  My skeptical husband is now going to her and is grateful.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	Excellent Doctor. Sees our entire family, too include our brand-new baby and her well-baby checks.   Friendly, clean office where the staff even volunteers to travel to 3rd world countries to aid under-privelaged children/adults 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
15	1	I'm a social worker who has taken several severly ill clients to see Dr. Hori.  Unlike other doctors, he treated them warmly (actually hugged a homeless client)and was very thorough with them.  He called me personnly when they didn't follow through with blood labs, appointments, etc.  I think of him as a modern day Dr. Welby.  Only negative is that he is part of Honolulu Medical Group...  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
15	-1	Went to Dr. Hori due to a widespread skin rash with blistering heads.  Upon his initial observation he felt it was scabies, but would only be able to confirm the diagnosis under microscope.  He proceded to lance one of the heads and prepared a slide.  When he returned he told me the microscope wasn't working properly, but he was confident it was Scabies.  When I inquired as to why none of my roomates or even my live-in girlfriend was inflicted, his response was that he didn't know and that's just the way it works sometimes.  He prescribed a body wash that burned like hell, and after not improving after 2 days, I went to a dermatologist who was quickly able to determine I was reacting to the sap in the mangoes I had recently picked.  I tried to reach Dr. Hori after the incident, but my phonecalls were never returned.  Beware. 	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	I would highly recommend Dr. Hadley to anyone with a complicated ear problem! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	-1	UNPLEASANT &quot;DOC&quot; 	4	4	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
18	-1	Saw her weekly for one year.  She actually fell asleep during one visit...but I was extremely depressed, so kept going.  I begged to be hospitalized, she wouldn't return calls.  I finally called 911, was seen in the ER and hospitalized.   They found me another psychiatrist who gave me a completely different diagnosis/different medications and I am much better! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Tricare
18	0	Dr Hammer was highly recommended.  But I was sorely disappointed.  First, her receptionist is condescending and rude--accused me of doing something I did NOT do; then when I pointed this out just shrugged off her accusation.  Second, she prescribed me a new medication, and when I had serious reactions to it, I was unable to reach her--regardless of numerous calls and pages--until the next business day three days later.  She does remove her shoes, and sits in front of you as aloof as if she is sitting down to watch a movie at home.  I felt my appointments with her were just a way for her to pass the time as she waits to save up enough money to retire.  There was no counseling or direction received, no assistance on how to cope with my condition.  I would not recommend her to anyone who had serious issues. 	1	3	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
18	-1	Accusing, arrogant, unsympathetic. First says drugs are needed. When drugs are taken as prescribed she says I am overusing them. Says she is available after hours when needed and then refuses help until business hours. 	1	4	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
18	-1	Very unprofessional and innapropriate behavior with receptionist during the scheduling of my next appointment.Too casual,seemed uncaring and arrogant.Took shoes off during sessions.Presented her views as the only options. Prescribed strong drugs too quickly.Distant and distracted.Strange personality 		2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
18	-1	Over several months, I saw moodiness, suspiciousness, stiffness, overreliance on medications, argumentativeness, self-centeredness, even seemed sadistic at times. Dr, heal thyself! Went elsewhere to someone who seemed more stable. Hammer was more than a waste, she was a detriment. Quite troubling 		4	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	During my visit I felt that I was treated very well.I would absolutely recommend this doctor to my family and friends.  I felt this visit was a big help.Overall I would rate this visit : outstanding! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	-1	During my visit I felt that I was treated horribly.I would NEVER recommend this doctor to my family and friends.  I felt this visit was a complete waste of time and money.Overall I would rate this visit : AWFUL! 		3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
19	-1	The receptionist didn't greet me. He just stared at me, and said nothing. It was strange.The doctor didn't try to help me. He just sat in his chair making strange noises while I was telling him my problem. He ignored my need for help. He was not helpful. 	1	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
20	-1	I now have chronic lyme or 3rd stage lyme disease, he didn't not treat me nor did he want to diagnose me although I had all the clinical and a positive erisa/western blot.  	4	5	1	2 	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
20	1	You are blessed if Dr. Scott is your physician. He is the best! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	. Dr Hoskinson is one of the best MD's in America!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
21	1	ONE OF THE MOST CAPABLE DOCTORS I HAVE EVER ENCOUNTERED.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
21	1	Dr. Huang is a wonderfully attentive, thorough, and knowledgeable physician.  Although, due to Kaiser's lack of professionals in the Islands, I had to wait a few months to see her, it was well worth the wait.  I would trust no one else w/the surgery I had and, as I've unfortunately had further podiatry-related issues, she continues to be exceptionally proactive in treating these issues.  Just a note, the day after (a Sat.) she completed my hallux limitus surgery, she personally called me at home to see how I was.  Those actions speak volumes coming from a physician working non-stop for a big HMO.  BTW, she happens to have tremendously lovely disposition. She really listens to what you have to say.  We patients are the better for the profession she has chosen.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
22	-1	Very kind, very sincere and genuinely cares about his little patients. 	4	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	Dr Christine Hoglund helped me get rid of back pain and headaches that I've suffered with for years. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	Dr. Halevi is a wonderful, down-to-earth, supportive, nurturing doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	1	The office staff were rude at the office visit and on the phone. They do not communicate well and are ineffective. 	2	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	Dr. Higashigawa is a wonderful doctor 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	-1	Knowledgeable, observes everything, top notch on work 	1	5	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	Dr. Hawk is extremely affable, punctual, honest, and good at listening to his patients' concerns.  Favorite Hawkean quote: &quot;Psychiatry is still at the stage of virology before germ theory.&quot; 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	Position: Psychiatrist Education: M.D. from Harvard University, 1968. Worked at UH CSDC since: 2002 - Professional Interests: Cross-cultural psychology; treatment of depression. 	 11/30/05		5	5	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	Dr. Hagen is the best radiologist I've ever worked with. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	Dr. Hagen is the best doctor that I've ever met...and trust me...I've met some doctors... 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	Dr. Hagen has uniformly brought a high degree of skill and professionalism to every position he has held, from staff to Chief of Radiology, to Consultant to the Surgeon General of the Army, where he managed the overall radiology program for the U.S. Army-he held this position for a total of ten years. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	HMSA is not shown above but coverage is poor generally. Dr Hirakawa is very conscientious about your care goes the extra mile to ensure your vision wellness. Knowledgeable about different medical issues &amp; their impact on your vision. I have high blood pressure, diabetes, high cholesteral. She followed up to make sure my drugs did not cause any issues affecting my vision. Her staff is helpful in following up items. Spends time explaining items to me. Excellent optometrist. 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	Dr. Hirakawa is a great doctor. Very caring, very smart and knowledgeable. Good personality, too. Office staff isn't the greatest, very impersonal and don't make you feel very welcome at all. Dr. Hirakawa is worth overlooking her personality-less staff. Puncutality is kind of a problem, but when it's you that the doctor is helping and taking the time for, it becomes a little more bearable. We all want to be treated well and get that warm fuzzy feeling from a practicioner. Dr. Hirakawa always takes time to answer your questions and makes sure that you are comfortable with whatever decisions you make.  	3	2	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	1	Caring physician with excellent support staff.  I was well cared for.  Wait times were somewhat longer than I would have wanted, but I was able to get an appointment on the same day I called.  According to him, that is his office policy.  Would recommend to all my friends and family.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	1	Dr. Hamasaki is very cheerful and he is always understanding when you talk to him. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	I have been to him several times, but will not be going back due to unacceptable wait time. Apparently they schedule patients 15 minutes apart, which is a back up waiting to happen. I've waited from 40 minutes to an hour before seeing him, and then he spent less than 10 minutes with me. Good Dr., but poor time management.  	3	1	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	1	Bedside manner not so great and you can expect to wait at least 30 to 45 min to see him. However he knows his stuff.  	3	1	3	5 	Insurance:Tricare
34	1	Insurance: Medicare, BC/BS, Tricare Comment:   Have been to many dermatologists due to relocations, Dr. Hellreich is the best yet encountered.  Knowledgeable, patient, solicits patient input, LISTENS and responds appropriately, explains diagnosis until fully understood, explains his planned path forward in your treatment, discusses any meds he may use in the treatment - both the positives and potential negatives.  If on anywhere on Oahu he is worth the drive.  If on the islands -he is worth the flight.  Make an appointment and form your own opinion.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
34	1	After many years and many different dermatologists, I finally found one that helped me. Dr. Hellreich cured me from the cystic acne I had been suffering from since adolescents. My confidence is so much better. He is awesome! Always gives me samples when he can. 	5	3	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	Excellent doctor.  He really knows his stuff.  I am a doctor too and I trusted him with my son's care.  He is wonderful.  I would recomend him to anyone.   Sandra Lyden, MD 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	1	 	4	2	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
35	-1	Dr. Heinzen was working in the ER. She was very condescending &amp; spoke to me like a child. She made no effort to find the underlying cause of my pain ( an 8 out of 10) attributing my back pain to a tight muscle and not the 2 herniated discs that another physician diagnosed me with (and confirmed with an MRI). She was rude overall &amp; gave me the most insincere apology for my dissatisfaction with her services. I've never ever complained about a doctor before but I felt the need to warn others about this exceptional physician. The nursing staff on the other hand was great, very kind and helpful as usual.  	4	3	1	2 	Insurance:Tricare
36	1	Dr. Heaster has helped me for 20 years, as my body chemistry has changed and the meds needed to be changed as well. Incredibly knowledgeable and up-to-date on medication and current research. Very down-to-earth and w/o the &quot;attitude&quot; many docs have. Relaxed manner and very easy to get along with. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	Dr. Heaster saved my life as well.  Helped me after I lost my child, job, and boyfriend.  Everything seemed so crazy, he brought me back to reality.  Thank you Dr.  Heaster! You are the greatest psychiatrist!!  You didn't even judge me and treat me like I was crazy, even if I felt like I was going crazy! You helped me so much!  Thanks for keeping me safe and well!! 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	1	Dr Heaster is incredible dr who cares about his patients indiviually and he is not always on time but that is because he listens and does what he has to to take care of you. Never judges doesn't hand out drugs carelessly and helps you. Never has he not had the time to take care of you in or out of the hospital. Once I was in the hospital and got up to use the restroom at 3am and he  was still there! Amazing man who really cares. He has saved my life.  I want to say thank you! 	 6/19/08	5	2	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
37	1	Is Dr Hammer back in Birmingham, I used him before he moved to Illinois. He is a wonderful doctor, he gets to know his patients and really cares.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
37	1	Dr. Michael Hammer done surgery on my wife's back and I have to say the surgery took her from a wheelchair to being able to stand up and walk overnight. He is a Dr. that cares for you and want's to get you out of pain,he will sit and discuss your problem for however long it takes. He is also straight up,forward and will perform all needed test to get you out of pain. He will explain in detailed terms that you can understand about what he is going to do before he does anything. We have recommended other people to him because he is one of the best Dr.'s that we know who cares for his patient's. If I have any medical problem's that Dr. Hammer covers then I'll be seeing him.   Shane & Angela Blackwood 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
38	1	Very knowledgeable, pleasant demeanor and great staff.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
39	0	 	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
40	-1	 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	Dr. Amy is the best.  She is very proffessional, knowledable and most of all knows how to interact with children.  Would recommend to anyone looking for a wonderful pediatrician.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
41	1	She is a very patient, excellent doctor.  Her staff is polite and friendly, too, which can be hard to find.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
41	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	She is a knowlegable,approachable ob/gyn surgeon tell her your needs and complains, she will listen to you and educate you how this will be done, why&#63;when&#63;what&#63;where.I will definitely keep her as my ob/gyn doctor.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
42	1	Excellent doctor with very good bedside manners.  Explains things thoroughly and seems to know a lot about what she is talking about; very good surgeon.  She is very busy because she is so good and popular.  Very caring and calm.  	 7/16/09	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
42	-1	I always had to wait in the freezing-cold office with no clothes on for my annual exam for an hour for two years in a row. I rather have waited in the waiting room with clothes on.       She was unempathetic to my infertility concerns. Switched to someone much more pleasant and caring, who referred me to a fertility specialist. Now I am a proud mom. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	M.D. will listen to my problem and do her best in providing excellent medical care. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	Never on time due to heavy volume of patients. Friendly, yet not thorough at times. Would not recommend surgical procedures done by her. 		1	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
42	-1	Lucky if you get a hello and good bye. 	 12/2/05		2	1	Insurance:Unknown
43	-1	Dr. Hattaway kept pushing for a payment program of first $2,000. for 8-month therapy. Then second visit said how about $400.00 a month. When I told him I'll just stick to my regular visits, he cut me off &amp; wasn't interested in treating me. He just ended that last session and did not schedule another appointment. He says things like, I want to help you, but he doesn't really care unless you sign on for big dollar amounts up front.  	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	-1	Put me in the hospital after a chiropratic session, and I had to have back surgery. He was so scared after jumping on me that he left the office and I had to crawl out down the stars backwards to get to my van. We settled out of court. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	Dr. Hankins is both highly knowledgable and compassionate.  He takes time to explain everything and answer questions. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	-1	Don't see this guy if possible. He rushes you out of the exam room and gives poor advice. It took him forever to write a referral form when I let his staff know I needed it ASAP. Heslinga is only interested in money with his exact words &quot;I'm trying to run a business here.&quot; He's an arrogant ass and I'll be sure to change doctors ASAP. 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	I really liked Dr Herbich and his staff is very helpful, I will go back for more treatments. I think he did a great job. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	Dr. Herbich is a very smart and well educated individual. He was very helpful with pain management during my tattoo removal. Some of these posts say that he isn't much of a people person but if you give him time then he warms up to you. I went in for my consultant and I was able to get my first treatment done that same visit. This was great because I wanted my tattoo gone asap! He was very reasonable with his pricing and didn't charge a bunch of extra money for pain management... he helped me when I was having a difficult time tolerating the laser treatment by distracting me about his stories from africa and his time in texas. If people give him time they will come to understand he bases his practice on honesty and exceptional care for his patients. He doesn't believe in long wait lists or charging top doller for his service because that is immoral and unfair to his patients. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
46	-1	I have never been to a more unprofessional doctors office. The staff was unorganized, aloof, and seemingly untrained. Dr. Herbich ....  I don't even know where to begin. Just think about all the cliche's for so called plastic surgeons and you'll hit the mark several times. This guy is a piece of work. Wow. My advice is to to stay clear of the guy and get someone to help you who actually likes helping people as well is getting paid. 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	Looking foward to my next visit. Dr Herbich was very knowledable and friendly. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
46	-1	I made the mistake of choosing Dr. Herbich for a laser scar removal treatment a few months ago.  Dr. Herbich's office was in disarray and his receptionist was extremely unprofessional, talking on her cell phone, not assisting me.  Nevertheless, I went back for the procedure several days later. Dr. Herbich had to ask me to remind him what he would be doing. I then asked if I needed to remove my shirt (my scar is on my chest), and he said that there was a gown on a table in the corner.  He then left the room without closing the door, which I went to do myself. As I proceeded to put on the gown, I was disgusted beyond belief by the fact that there were specks of [someone else's] blood on it. That should have been my cue to pick up and run. He told me that in a month I would see a 50% decrease in the redness of my scar. It's now been three months and not only has my scar not improved, it has gotten worse. I am really disappointed with Dr. Herbich's unprofessional and misleading behavior.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
46	-1	 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
46	-1	I was recommended to this guy: he was great for mole removals without any noticeable scarring. My 1st impression is that the receptionist is too young and  unprofessional. The nurse/aide (who knows who the hell she was) didn't wear gloves and did not know how to assist doctor. When I got Juvederm injections and Botox injections; he did not use any numbing cream and stated that,&quot;Beauty is pain, you should be able to handle it.&quot; When I called my friend who referred me and told her the details, she was extremely embarrassed. I went to her house to show results. The nurse/aide didn't even wipe the blood off of my face from the 18 puncture sites with large gauge needles. I looked like I had been pelted with glass. He is intelligent and educated well, but to an educated consumer who is on the same level...ohhh very very bad. Am willing to meet with another MD than give this MD any referral or repeat business. 	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
46	-1	When I was on the mainland I got great treatment for alopecia with competent, experienced doctors. Being in Hawaii now, Dr. Herbich has zero, updated knowledge of alopecia treatment and wouldn't listen to me as I had an obvious bald spot on my head from a previous alopecia diagnosis. He was terrible and told me to come back when I was bald. He was rude, wouldn't listen to his patient and is probably the worst doctor I have ever seen. He said I had male pattern baldness like he has, but I am a young, twenty-some female in perfect health! 4 of my family members have alopecia, some with alopecia totalis, but he recommended rogaine for me, which is not at all a treatment for alopecia! He is a terrible doctor. 	1	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
47	-1	She is easily irritated when questioned and does not like to be questioned and does not like to refer patients to specialists.  	3	2	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
47	1	excellent, always on time appointments no waiting,gives plenty of time for a visit, and she listens to what I have to say ,gives excellent  advice and care. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
47	1	 	4	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	He repaired 2 hernias for me in 2011 and was excellent from start to finish....answered all questions, had an excellent system in his staff and supporting Dr.s .   I was really scared to have this operation and he was the best.  I would highly recommend him to anyone considering surgery.  After my procedure he was named Surgeon of the Year on Oahu! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
49	1	I was referred to him when I scored a ridiculously high ratio on the quad test. They got me in within 4 hours of receiving the results. He was very focused and serious during my first visit. He explained everything he was looking for and observing on the ultrasound. Although he was busy (the waiting room was packed to the max), the visit was not rushed and I did not feel like he was in any hurry. On our second visit, he was much friendlier and more chatty, probably because we had the amnio results that were normal! :) Months later, we we were referred to a pediatric cardiologist about a possible valve defect and he asked if I'd had an u/s done during my pregnancy. I said yes and he asked if we'd seen Dr. Hirata. I asked how he knew and he said that Dr. Hirata is one of the best doctors when it comes to ultrasounds on the island and if he didn't see a heart problem, then there most likely wasn't one at all. And indeed, our baby was ok. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
50	-1	Very unpleasant visit for my four year old daughter. Very condescending and hard to connect with. When I told her she didn't got to preschool, she asked my daughter how many friends she had, if she thought one was enough, didn't smile or attempt to make my child comfortable..etc..my daughter said upon leaving &quot;is that the only dr&#63; please I don't want to see her again&quot; &#63;&#63;&#63; 	4	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
51	-1	.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
51	-1	 	1	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
52	-1	Does not call back hospital staff when paged. He has a history of doing this, as explained by numerous hospital staff, and my own personal experience, as I am a RN myself.  EXTREMELY poor bedside manner. uncaring and unsympathetic to his patients.  He even walked out on my aunty when she was trying to explain her problems to him. Does not interact with family members of his patients, and seems more concerned about his own time than what the needs of his own patients are.  I hope he has a doctor who is just like him when he is in need of healthcare, so he can experience firsthand how his patients get treated.  NOT recommended at all.  	3	1	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
53	-1	Doctor did not listen nor consider the information I provided.  She was dismissive and uninterested.  I went to see my GP directly from her office who diagnosed the problem she missed within a minute of his exam.  I will not return. 	4	3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
55	-1	. bad bed side mannor and while in surgery takes the liberty to sterolize me on his own , law suit pending 	 11/3/11	5	1	1	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
56	1	Dr. Healy, Jackie and their staff are wonderful, kind and professional.  I just had a breast augmentation, revision, breast lift and an areola reduction. Thanks to Dr. Healy and his wonderful staff they made last moment changes in the OR that may have saved my areola.(caused by issues of another doctor)  They could have made thousands more and risked my health but they care about the patients then money. I would ONLY EVER recommend Dr. Healy to any military member or dependent who comes to the island. Read about his experience and military Career and you will know he is the only Plastic Surgeon clinic you should visit in Oahu. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	Dr. Healy performed plastic surgery on me 6 weeks ago. I am extremely happy with the results. He is very friendly and knowledgeable and his staff is excellent as well. I highly recommend him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
57	-1	Didnt listen, thought she knew me. Ended up in hospital because of her trial and error cocktails for me. Saw me for maybe 15 most at appts just to fill out scripts. Could care less about any problems I was having. Would not prescribe the medication that had proven to work for me. Worse Dr I have ever been to. Thank goodness I do not have to ever see her again.  	 6/19/08	5	3	1	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
57	1	caring 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	I have seen the doctor several times, and I always go back. He is helpful and explains what he is doing and why. 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
58	-1	Rude, doesn't care if you can see.  Just gives a prescription without testing your vision and tells you to leave! Honestly, this is no JOKE 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Tricare
59	1	excellent doctor. Concerned about patients,helpful,good diagnostic skills. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	Dr. Hansen was recommended to me when I was approaching menopause.  He listened to my concerns and helped me get my hormones in balance again.  I now recommend him to all my over 50 women friends. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	The doc helped me lose almost 50 lbs. by putting me on the right meds.   Nice man too. Kamaile awesome.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
60	1	Dr. hansen is wonderful.  He is knowledgeable, caring, and litens! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
61	1	Dr. Hong has been my primary care physician for 20+ years - always extremely understanding, caring and willing to take as much time as necessary to answer all questions.  Always looks at total picture of health, and not just &quot;the immediate problem&quot;.  Always prompt with appointments; good support staff.  Absolutely deserves highest rating possible.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
