dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
8	-1	 After waiting over a week for an appointment, I went to my scheduled appointment and they claimed that because I was 3 minutes late (I went to their old office location), I had to reschedule for four weeks later. Of course, this was only after seeing that I was military.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Tricare
8	1	commentsDr. Jose is great! She is kind considerate and best of all, a very good doctor. She listens well and explains her decisions. I trust her abilities and knowledge. She is also the first woman doctor I've had as a regular physician. 	4	5	5	4	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	commentsGreat experience, highly recommend.  Would love too keep him as my PCM but these military doctors all PCS. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	commentsVery knowledgable, extremely nice and helpful. 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	commentsVery kind and caring doctor he made me feel very comfortable. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
18	-1	commentsThis doctor is the worst in the world. people please do not go to his office. he is very rude, not caring and just doesn't give a damn about his patient. I am pregnant and this my first time.Pregnancy should be an happy experience, your doc should help you ease anxiety and guide through. Instead this so called OBGYN raises my blood pressure eveytime I see him. He is not knowledgeable and always in the defensive as if I was his ennemie. I get anxious going to see him. He never asks how I fell, he does what he want when he wants. I hate him...If you all know of a better caring Doc(OBGYN) please refer me. His office is definitely not a place to go for anyone seeking care. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
27	-1	.   	4	3	1	2	Insurance:Medicare
35	1	commentsI've been with Dr. John for 5 years. I trust him and he has spent time listening when I had questions.  He explained options. 	3	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
35	-1	 I don't get the feeling that he really is interested in you. I have doubts about his knowledge, and his follow ups are very bad. He doesn't call you even if you ask, you must do the chasing. He doesn't seem too concerned about your illness, have doubts about his sincerity and skills....  	2	2	2	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	-1	commentsi agree with the other poster, he is not aware of new developments in his field. great doc if you want someone to say you have a sleep disorder or fibromyalgia (i hear he always diagnoses people with those) not so great if you really might be sick. laziness or arogance you be the judge. 	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
35	-1	commentsDoesn't know his stuff. And one of the most unmotivated doctors I've ever had. Misdiagnosed me for two years and I ended up the ER. I wouldn't even go back to tell him. He's that bad. 	2	4	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	 Not only is Dr. Johnsen a knowledgeable and competent diagnostic Primary Care Physician, but he's also warm, funny caring and kind human being.  I simply adore him!  He's a throwback to the old-time country doctor who takes his time, thoroughly examines his patients and asks probing questions to figure out exactly what's wrong and the best way to treat your condition.  Dr. J is patient and extremely easy-going, but also very good at his job. I recommend him highly and love seeing him for all of my primary care needs.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	1	comments 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	 Best surgeon I've ever met. We had a traumatic event with my one year old son bit by a dog down to his skull and fractured. Dr. Johnson was so helpful, answered questions, stayed calm and made us feel like everything was okay! It's healing beautifully and hair is still growing in the scar! We will be forever grateful for this dr.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:TricarePaid/Co-pay:$130
49	1	 dr johnson is one of the most exceptional surgeons that i've ever dealt with. not only is he knowledgeable, he is very pleasant and gentle.. he will not rush you, will answer all your questions to make you feel at ease, when you talk with him it's as if you are the only patient and concentrates 100% of his time on you alone.  he performed surgery on my daughter's ear, and i can't believe that there is no scar, and she had no complications, no pain, ... it was wonderful. i can't tell you how grateful and how much i appreciate what he did for my daughter.  he is hands down the best pediatric surgeon we have and would highly recommend him to anyone that needs surgery. he is the best... and when it comes to your child, you should only get the best.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	1	comments 	3	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	 Great doctor, truly cares about his patients and really knowledge.  One of few doctors I saw that understood my complicated pain problem.  Also met another gentlemen who flew to see him as he also had a complicated colon problem. Open to new ways of treatment and keeps up with current research.  Saw him 3 times.  	3	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
98	1	 dr. is very good.............  	2	4	4	5	Insurance:AARP
100	1	comments 	5	3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
