dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	-1	They are un-organized, dirty and un-professional. He only wants money! Becareful because theres more to this than I wanna say. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	Dr. Yamada takes the time to explain and does after hour calls too. 	4	4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	Dr Lori is a great Pediatrician.  Our three children enjoy their visits and the special care that Dr. Lori and staff give to all their patients.  I would recommend Dr Lori to all parents looking for a great physician. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	Dr. is very caring and so friendly. My daughter is 14 yrs old and has seen the dr. all her life.  We'll see her until she is an adult.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	-1	dr is knowledgable but she is not smart as to what's going on and she doesn't seem reliable.  	3	1	3	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	Dr. Yim and his staff are very professional. I've had 2 root canals, crown and special cleaning sessions done. I've had a pleasurable time and is treated with utmost care and they are sensitive to my needs. The procedure was explained in detail and much planning was done. The result is excellent! Dr. Yim has gentle hands and I didn't feel any pain. I've recommended then to families and friends who had given good feedbacks and are very thankful in return. Commendable and recommendable! 	 1/20/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
5	-1	I had the most painful root canal imaginable at Dr. Yim's.  I should have been sent home with a week of antibiotics to clear up the infection rather than having a root canal done on a tooth where the root area was already inflamed.  The novocain does not work if the area is infected - therefore I should have been given antibiotics for a week previous.  This was absolutely the most painful procedure I've ever had and I would never go back to this dentist.  The pain was so bad I had to yell out.  This dentist has tattoos - I guess he is into pain.  What is amazing to me is that a dentist can be so greedy that he is going to do the procedure because it has been scheduled rather than send the patient home with antibiotics, and reschedule.   I've had two other root canals, but they were painless compared to this one.  The practice looks like what I might have seen on the mainland 50 years ago...overall, doesn't appear very modern. 	3	5	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	We've been seeing Dr. Yamakawa for over 5 years now. He's kind and considerate, and he goes the extra mile in his work.  His staff is excellent. They are always smiling and are very kind.  The only time we've had to wait for our appointments was when we came early, and even then, we were fit in a little earlier than scheduled. They are very prompt.  The most important thing to us is that they are so good with our children. My daughter LOVES going to the dentist! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	Highly competent dentist who takes the time to pay attention to each patient. Very good team of people. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	Had lower back pain and now after seeing Dr. Kathleen Yim I feel great.  She cares deeply about my health and she promotes preventive exercises to prevent future body elements. I feel great and now I learned what not to do to hurt my lower back and other body elements. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	Kathy is very serious, hard working, and dedicated to her field.   She has helped me a lot with many problems I have with poor nerves in back.  She takes her time and does her best to be thorough. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	I had a back pain that felt like an icepick was being stabbed into my back in the area between my shoulder blades every time I lifted my head.  I went to see Dr. Kathleen Yim and she examined my posture and spine.  She determined that the discs were not aligned.  We set up a treatment plan and after a few visits I could feel a major difference.  After a couple of months I felt great.  I could lift my head pain free.  One of the great things I appreciate about Dr. Yim is not only that she helped to realign me, but she also takes a lot of time to explain what she's doing to you and giving suggestions on how to prevent misalignment in the future.  She showed me a lot of different stretching techniques to help with muscles that kept mis-aligning my spine, caused me headaches, or were just painful.  She is very knowledgeable about the human body and how all the parts work together.  She can definitely &quot;fix&quot; problems, but she's also about preventing those problems in the first place. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	Reputed to be the best in his surgical field. Very knowledgeable and a skilled surgeon.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
9	1	I really enjoy the rapport and friendliness of this doctor. He loves his job and shows it in his interaction with his patients and those around him.      If you are sick, there is no one I would rather have treating me than him. He is top rate and it shows in everything he does. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	-1	We totally wasted our time.  He was not interested in our case - didn't even ask to see our charts or other dr reports. He could have told us what he did on the phone! His office manager is very rude, as well - we waited months to get this appt. Many other better neurologists.  	1	4	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	0	i had treatment at her office several times a week. her staff has absolutely no bed manners and are rude to their patients and to the doctor. my treatment is suppose to be relaxed and quiet but all i hear thru the walls are the medical assistants complaining, whinnying, giggling and being obnoxious. my treatment is over and so is my respect for her practice. 	1	2	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
11	0	The reception-er is helpless. when I wanted to make an appointment, her voice was not kind rather irritate, and I waited her to come back to answer about the date more than 5 min, so I just hang up the phone. 	1	1	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
11	0	The doctor pushes supplements she sells through the various multilevel companies she has.  	2	2	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	0	Average 		3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	The doctor's english is sometimes difficult to understand, but ok if he speaks slowly. 	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	-1	This dentist has performed local anesthesia without knowledge or consent of the patient. The patches that he provides for chipped or broken teeth has lasted only 3 months to 2 years. The average time the patches should last is 5. This dentist has a very nice office, which is paid for by his overpriced services. This dentist could be friendlier and less arrogant in my opinion. 	1	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	This was the best dental experience I've ever had!  From the first moment you step foot through the door was amazing, like walking into the lobby of a first class hotel.   The staff is extrememly friendly & Dr. Yoshimura really knows his stuff.  He really took the time to do a thorough exam and educated me along the way.  He instantly showed me pictures & xrays of what's going on in my mouth.  It blew me away.  No other dentist has done this for me ever! I would definitely recommend my friends & family to check him out!  You can instantly tell this doctor has so much passion for his craft by how excited he gets when he talks and explains things. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	wow, what an experience, his comprehensive exam is very thorough. Not just a regular exam, he also takes photos and does a visual presentation with his consultation.  Very impressive! Very informative. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	Quality is very important to Dr. Yoshimura - he & his staff works very hard to provide the best service. Time is also very important, he gives each patient the attention that they deserve. Dr. Yoshimura is very, very knowledgeable & travels the country studying many aspects of dentistry.  His comprehensive exams are the most thorough I have ever seen. His cosmetic work impeccable. If you value your teeth & want to be educated about your dental health - visit Dr. Yoshimura. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	-1	Friendly at first but such a fake two-face.  Don't ask him a direct question or tell him you are going after a second opinion because he will not like it.  Another important thing is that he does not train his staff properly.  Lastly, he has overbilled and will NOT refund the money.  He will keep it and say it's for &quot;next time.&quot;  There is no record-keeping accountability. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	Very personable and friendly, staff included. Takes the time to explain and answer questions. Comprehensive and consultative service is key, therefore may be a bit pricey. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	For my entire life, I have always had to wear glasses or contacts.  Since the age of 3, I have been wearing glasses.  By age 16, I was one of the first patients to wear the 9 mm hard contact lens.  Upon examination by my optometrist, I was told I had cataracts that were obstructing my vision and recommended Dr. Carlton Yuen as the ophthalmologist to take care of my problem.  Dr. Yuen confirmed the cataract diagnosis and explained that for the first time in my life, I could be free of wearing contact lenses or glasses by implanting a multi-focal lens.  I had the perfect surgical experience, lost only 3 days of work and am so happy with my results that I would highly recommend the multi-focal lens and Dr. Yuen to everyone who is a candidate for cataract surgery.  You won’t be disappointed! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	Excellent!  Thanks to his lasik I have perfect vision.  I am always treated with respect and all my questions answered.  I Highly recommend Dr.  Yuen! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	1	Listens to patient talk &amp; with info given &amp; his own smarts he is excellent in diagnosis &amp; solutions to solve patient's problem/s. Friendly, polite &amp; easy to talk to. Very careful to check patient thoroughly. Always makes patient feel comfortable.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
15	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	I had a leaking heart valve.  My internal doctor referred me to a cardiologist who he works with at Queens.  I didn’t like him.  He didn’t explain things.  My son told me to get a second opinion.  My husband said his boss saw Dr. Yamada in the past.  I asked my internal doctor to refer me to Dr. Yamada, but he said no.  He said that the heart doctors and hospitals hate Dr. Yamada because he works with Stanford.  My niece is a heart nurse at Queens and said that most of the nurses and doctors don’t like Dr. Yamada because he steals patients from the hospital and sends them to Stanford.  My son and husband were really upset at my primary doctor and my niece.  My son made my appointment and we went to see Dr. Yamada.  We were really happy.  Dr. Yamada referred me to Cleveland Clinic because he said that the type of surgery I needed was not done at Queens or Stanford.  My family and I are very grateful to Dr. Yamada.  I think doctors are really jealous of him.  That is sad.  He is doing great things for Hawaii.  	 12/3/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	I run a business and appreciate not having to wait to see the doctor. It was the first time I ever met a doctor who considered my time to be as important as his own.  He is very precise and articulate.  I can understand why someone can miscontrue this to be arrogance.  Was referred to Cleveland Clinic for my heart surgery.  I am very grateful.  Bravo!  Good luck if you can get an appointment.  He is very much sought after.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	Finally a doctor who believes in prevention.  I was very impressed by his focus upon prevention rather than invasive tests.  He was the 3rd cardiologist in Hawaii that I found.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	He will spend as much time with you as needed and answers your questions.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	Good doctor but does not treat hospital staff very well.Very Arrogant.  	3	1	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	Caring intelligent on the cutting edge of new techniques and thorough in his knowledge of preventive cardiology. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	Dr. Yapp is friendly, thorough and well educated. He helped me with problems other doctors had ignored for decades. However, he doesn't like HRT... but I go to my endocrinologist for hormones. He's an excellent surgeon with good aftercare. 		3	3	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	-1	Was never in his office 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	And his staff is awesome too!!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	Dr. Yano is very knowledgeable and caring about his patients.  He always provided resources and information during our visits.  He takes his time and we never felt rushed.  I highly recommend him.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
19	1	Dr. Yano and his nurse are wonderful.  Very caring. Appt. available 7 days a week.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	Dr. Yano has provided my children with great care.  Not only do my children like him but as a parent, I do too.  He always provides me with some advice and information into my children's physical and emotional well being which I greatly appreciate.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	1	Dr. Yap is the best. He is always pleasant, very knowledgable and shows great compassion for whatever my concerns are. I would highly recommend him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	Dr. Yu saved my life. She saw what was wrong with me and took me to surgery and saved me.  I would not have lasted another day and I am not sure other doctors would have been so quick to find out what was wrong with me. All of the nurses at my hospital said that she was the best there was. She is direct, honest and is one of the most respected doctors that I have ever heard about. I would trust her with my children as I have already trusted her with my life.  kes 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	-1	Was the rudest doc I have ever encountered.  Said my father was dying but when my mom was in shock and I took the phone, she sounded exasperated and said, &quot;I don't want to repeat this 10 times&quot;.  I asked what stage cancer it was and she said, &quot;I don't know, it's bad, very bad&quot; in an annoyed and yelling way, which made me think she was not only rude but totally incompetent.  Because of this, we took my dad off the island to the main land for real treatment.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
21	-1	 	1	1	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	Very pleasant and cordial physician. Helpful in discussing treatment options for my cancer.  My other doctors think highly of Dr. Yarbrough. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	-1	Refused to use anesthetic in office when replacing a stent which originally required anesthesia in a hospital setting to place !  Even doctors practicing under him have left due to his arrogance and lack of treating patients and partners with compassion and kindness ! 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
22	-1	poor manners, arrogant, rude, not on time for appointment 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	Helped me when no other doctors could figure out what was wrong with me 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	Very willing to work with patient and patient's other doctors, including mainland experts patient has been evaluated by and is receiving treatment from. Very encouraging and willing to consider all factors of patient's case. His staff also remember patient names, even if the last visit was a year prior. Dr. Yim is also Director of Queen's Sleep Clinic to help evaluate, diagnose and treat sleep problems and conditions. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	-1	Dr. Yamamoto fell asleep while she was with me.  She blamed on her &#63;dried eyes&#63;  I could not feel I could trust her confidentiality.  She does not promptly return phone calls promptly.  After one visit.  I was turned off and would never return to her again. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
24	-1	Not very good. Me and my wife went to see her and she blamed everything on me and took my wife side. She told me that I was a bad husband. Do not go to her!!!!!! 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
24	-1	My wife and I were having a hard time with our marriage and we went to Linda for couples counseling to help work things out.  After two visits &quot;Dr.&quot; Yamamoto suggested to my wife that she leave me.  We have four children including a toddler and an infant.  DO NOT GO TO THIS PSYCHOLOGIST.  She's not going to help. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
24	-1	Poor on everything.  This doctor is scattered and does not know what the she's doing.  If you want HELP, she is NOT the one. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	Military facility.  Mr. Yamada is a Physicians Assistant but of a quality that must be reported here.  Knowledgeable, informative, patient, pleasant, does not rush the appointment.  Answers any and all questions.   Surgery scheduled.  Will add to this report once surgery is complete. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	Dr. Yatsushiro is one of those funny doctors, in a good way.  He's always upbeat and lightens up the conversation with jokes to keep you relaxed.  You are never just a number at his office.  He never makes you feel like you're asking a dumb question.  Overall, his staff is professional but not as friendly.  I've had horrible experiences with some other doctors so I'm glad to have been referred to Dr. Yatsushiro.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	-1	Many times when I called office, I was put on hold and no one came back.  Also, many times I left messages for someone to call me, and no one called back.  It was a very frustrating experience and I finally changed doctors.  Dr. Guy was pleasant at appointments but that doesn't make up for the unpleasant experience of calling his office for information.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	1	 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	Best. Psychologist. Ever.  (and I've seen my fair share of therapists!) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	Dr. Yuen is a very professional and more than competent doctor.  He see's  patients that other doctor's would have no interest in dealing with.  He has a Web Site that is very insightful and helpful.  He is a Tai Chi instructor and takes great care and concern of his patients woes.  A prior comment regarding his staff as the &quot;bigger one&quot; and the &quot;Mexican looking one&quot; is completely off subject as Dr. Yuen is whom we are rating. If you have a problem with the staff, I suggest you let the doctor know. By the way, your description of his staff is insultingly and demeaning.  In this day and age, to describe someone based on body size and race- totally unacceptable.  I have been a patient of Dr. Yuen's for many years.  His staff has always been pleasant and more than willing to help.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	1	He is a good man, though one staff girl is nice the bigger size one and the shorter mexican one is worthless and rude. Though easy to ignore and not important. Back to the Doctor Yuen just be honest and he'll treat you right. He is a professional and by the book. Patients should keep this in mind as he can be strict with monitoring your medication such as for pain/anxiety/sleeping/ADHD/etc. In others a legit doctor. So if you truly do suffer from something and have proof he will be a good doctor for you. If your just looking for pills and have know no background info, or just showing any signs of drug seeking behavior, he'll just say &quot;bye bye&quot; and send you home. Anyway your choice just thought you should all keep this in mind while choosing a doctor. 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	-1	I should've been worried by the irritated people in the waiting room. The staff hides in a separate room, doesn't open the partition unless you knock loud &amp; wait unacknowledged. My visit w/Dr. Yuen was fine, but I'm trying to get pregnant so before prescribing me anything he understandably wanted to talk to my reproductive doctors first and then get back to me. Queue a week &amp; a half later when I still haven't heard back. I called, left a message, &amp; almost 24 hours later one of his receptionists called me back. She obviously hadn't listened to my message because she had no idea why I had called, what the issue was, etc. So I told her if he hadn't yet called my other doc, not to worry about it b/c I'd find another psychiatrist. So 1 hour later Dr Yuen calls me after having just called my other doctor, obviously either ignoring what I told his receptionist or not getting that message.  If this is how he treats new patients, what's it like for patients he's already met &amp; gotten bored with&#63; 	3	4	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	1	Dr. Yuen is a great psychiatrist and help me develop into a better person.  I recommend him.  He is a gentle persona and very caring.  Mr. Steinberg 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	. Very kind and caring physician 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	1	A+ rating. Great bedside manner combined with fantastic skills.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
32	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
