dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	I like the doctor and her assistant but the receptionist/scheduler doesn't seem to care about patients. 	3	2	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	. Very thourough 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	-1	This Dr. would not listen to me, the patient. He wanted to be right at my expense. I gave him a second chance and basically he told me he knows me better than I know myself. Wanted me to be the guinne pig for new drugs. Denied patient is in pain, even after multiple and serious injuries. Has a God complex. I was thoroughly disgusted with him. He gave me his cell # but wouldn't talk. Asked me to come in so he could gat paid. That was his 2nd chance. Very closed minded doctor. I waited over an hour to see him. Queen Emma Clinics cateres to the homeless and people who cannot think for themselves or who don't know any better. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
4	0	This Dr. performed hip surgery on my ageing mother and leeft our conversation mid sentence after her surgery because he said he was burning his lunch.  He never came back to see us or talk to us.  At the follow up visit he interuppted the nurse by a phone call while she was removing my mom's staples to make sure she was going to pick him up and drive him to the hospital.  So rude and self centered...no patient care or bedside manner....  	5	5	1	5 	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
5	1	We have been seeing Vern for many, many years.  All 4 of us have glasses &amp; 3 of us also have contacts.  He is extremely patient, especially at helping find the best correction for each individual.  We have seen many eye docs over the years--ophthamologist and optometrists and Vern is the best at helping fine tune the correction for each eye and balancing both eyese so that the correction matches.  We highly recommend Dr. Shibata to all patients and feel that he and his staff are always cheery and competent, squeezing in emergencies as needed as well.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	We have been seeing Vern now for many years and he has always provided great care to all of us. He and his staff are cheerful and very accommodating, squeezing patients in for urgent visits as needed. They always take the time to take a genuine interest in each patient. Each patient seems to become a personal friend of the entire office. Vern also has been best able to balance my husband's glasses & contacts over ALL the many eye docs he's seen over the past decades. Vern is very patient, especially in getting precisely the best correction for each eye of each patient and will spend the extra time and effort to repeat as necessary. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	I am writing this, so people will know that by choosing Dr. Schlesinger, you are going to get a great Dr. A man who takes great pride in his work and it really shows in the results. I personally chose him because his qualifications and experience spoke for itself. In June, I had an Abdominal plasty (tummy tuck) and Liposuction of back and hips. I am 2 months out and I feel and look great compared to what I was. I could not be happier with the results, so much so that in 2 weeks, i'm having Lipo on my inner and outer thighs, knees, and chin. I can't wait! Definitely would not be going back if I was not completely satisfied. I recommend him all the time. I'm living proof of a happy patient! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	Dr. Schlesinger is the best cosmetic surgeon in HI. He did two procedures on me: First, I had rhinoplasty, followed by a liposuction two months later. He took all the time in the world to explain the process involved and answered all the questions and concerns I had. His staff is excellently trained and made me feel very comfortable each and every time I visited the office. The results of the rhinoplasty are fabulous. He evened out a bump on  my nose and used cartilage from my right ear for the tip of the nose. The procedure itself went very smooth and the aftercare was nothing but perfect. Convinced that he's an extremely well trained professional, I decided to go for liposuction, which was performed six weeks ago. The areas I had liposuction in were my arms, love handles, upper and inner thighs, knees and upper calves. He extracted about 6000 ml lipids from my body and I lost about 15 pounds in the process. I've never looked as amazing before and would highly recommend Dr.Schlesinger 	 6/18/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
6	-1	Seemed like a caring doctor but if you are dissatisfied with your results he will become rude and arrogant. He doesn't remember what he tells you each time he sees you. He doesn't even really remember your case. Wish I had done more research before choosing him. Red flag-any dr that has you sign a gag order is one you don't want to have work on you. Clearly there have been complaints and he wants to stifle this as much as possible. Want to warn people. You may end up with a great result but don't expect sympathy or care from either him or his staff if something goes wrong. 	2	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	After several consultation with plastic surgeons in the state of Hawaii, I picked Dr. Schlesinger to do my breast augmentation and lip augmentation. Not only is he board certified with american plastic surgery, unlike most of the surgeons in hawaii but his confidence level, experience and information he provided me made me feel most comfortable. Previous to surgery my breast were not even- one side was a lot lower than the other from breast feeding and that same size was also a lot larger. Now, 3 months after surgery, my breast look perfect! They're both the same size and very even and perky, I wouldn't change a thing. His bedside manner and staff made me feel very comfortable and overall it was a very pleasant experience. I highly recommend Dr. Schlesinger. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	-1	 	4	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	After a few previous consultations, I decided on Dr. Schlesinger for my Mommy Makeover. I needed a breast reduction, lift, augmentation, lipo, and tummy tuck. Having had lower abdomen lipo done after my 1st baby (by a different Dr), the results were horrendous, and the care after was extremely limited. The care I receive from Dr. Schlesinger IS amazing- knowing that Dr. Schlesinger makes himself available, either by phone or appointment, should something come up, is very reassuring. Dr. Schlesinger is extremely knowledgeable, patient (even when dealing with a hypochondriac like me), and very easy to talk to. The fact that he truly LOVES what he does is apparent in the way he tends to patients and the beautiful, natural results that he achieves. His staff is very friendly and they treat you more like a friend, rather than just a patient. If you're looking for the best, Dr. Schlesinger is it! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	I did not receive a surgical procedure from Dr. Schlesinger, but I am grateful for his skills as a surgeon, and how he is an exemplification of what a Medical Specialist should be. He is a consummate practioner of giving of one's self for the benefit of others. My wife met with Dr. Schlesinger for over a year before her just completed surgery. Before he ever performed surgery for my wife he made her feel good about herself. That is one of the things that make him so much more than a surgeon. Research Dr. Schlesinger. You will find exemplary reviews of his skills as a surgeon, you will also see just a portion as to how much he has given to people in need. If you or a loved one are considering a procedure, you can not find a more qualified, consumate, specialist in the Medical field than Dr. Larry Schlesinger. The surgery he performed for my wife went perfectly. Her follow-up process has gone exactly as he predicted. We are both enriched for her having chosen Dr. Larry Schlesinger 	 7/4/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	My breast implants was my first surgery ever. Dr. Schlesinger is a great surgeon to work with. He truly cares. He knows his skills, and he listens which is very important to me as a patient and I was able to talk to him easily. What was really good is that he worked with me until I was happy with the results. He is willing to try something new and to learn which is very unusual for surgeons as they normally are set up in their ways. Thank you. 	 5/15/11	5	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	I had a redo breast augmentation with Dr. Schlesinger about 10 years ago and my breasts had a greatly improved appearance.  A few years ago I decided to have them removed but eventually decided to have implants again and also a tummy tuck.  Both procedures were done recently.  I had a botched abdominal liposuction from another surgeon in town.  Dr. Schlesinger did an absolutely beautiful job on my breasts and I now have the tummy I've always wanted.  He is the best. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	Dr. Larry is one of the most friendly MD's I have ever met.  Professionally I work with many MD's.  He saw me in a very timely manner and consistent with my travel needs.  The minor surgeries on my face will be healed before I go to visit my fiance in three weeks. He used a technique that is less likely to scare than techniques I have had done in the past. 	 3/18/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	Beyond his excellent sense of aesthetics and pleasant bedside manner, Larry is one of the most competent surgeons I have had the pleasure to meet. I am extremely pleased with the outcomes of the multiple procedures I had with him (including lipo) and recommended his services without hesitation. He has a very refined sense of the female form. I have a better body now than I did in college, thanks to him. If a smoking hot bod is what you want, this is your man. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	I feel that Dr. Larry SCHLESINGER is  a very competent doctor who does great work and is very knowledgeable in his field of medicine.  I trust him with all of my surgeries and always send my friends and families to him.  I have had no problems with any of my surgeries and have had no complications after surgery.  His follow up and caring of his patients is second to none and is cannot be matched by any other Plastic Surgeon on this island. In closing I highly recommend Dr. SCHLESINGER to anyone looking to have any work done, he stands by his work and his patients.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
6	-1	Schlesinger was AWFUL in 2008. I had saline breasts implants 1998 through armpits. They were TOO BIG. He misunderstood my desires due to his hurry at the consultation. 10 years late he told me the only way to repair a popped implant was to cut my NIPPLES! Surgery follow-up, he SLASHED at the girdle like Jack the Ripper! I thought &quot;Oh my god, if he did my surgery in that way...&quot;. There was a problem with drainage but he was on vacation. Infection ate away some of the breast, so that it has a discolored lumpy spot and hangs lower than the other. Nipple scars are NASTY, and the infected scar was so deep, the breast is puckered and misshapen.  He used saline Lipo that left my legs covered in spider veins, dark pigmentation, deep, scarred, RIPPLES in the SHAPE and DIRECTION that the CANNULLA took through my flesh. You can trace the jabs that he made with the stick. It looks like he did the Lipo the same way he cut the legs off the girdle! I am now scarred forever... 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	I've know Dr. Larry Schlesinger for approximately 15 years.  I have since moved from Hawaii, but would go back there for his services if I should require plastic surgery.  He is quite knowledgeable, highly educated and skilled.  He is highly recommended.  I've had four procedures performed by this doctor, he is one of the best in the country. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	Dr Dinger wsa a great surgeon.  He was thorough when he explained my procedure and very kind.  His staff was amzing as well! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	Dr. Singer is an excellent surgeon, but not the greatest communicator.  If you want information from him, you have to have your questions ready and not be shy about asking questions.  He will try his best to answer your questions and to address your concerns.  He is a straight shooter.  His staff is friendly and helpful. Although Dr. Singer is not the most personable person, I think his heart is in the right place...  	5	5	3	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	-1	I had a initial consult with Dr.Singer last week which lasted approx. 3-5 minutes.This consisted of a brief physical exam (left wrist) as well as recommending a MRI and Arthrogram. I literally had to chase him down the hall for my 2 remaining questions which is pretty sad considering the length of the consult. 	5	5	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	I love Dr.Salle. She is very comforting and gives great advice. I completely trust her and everything she has prescribed or diagnosed me with has been on point. Her staff is amazing and makes you feel comfortable. I would recommend her to everyone. Best doctor I have ever seen.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
8	1	I love Dr.Salle and her staff. Dr. salle is very knowledgeable and takes the time to help you understand and helps with stratigies with problems. That is why the only down fall is the waiting time BUT its worth the wait because she will spend the same time with you. This doctor is great!!!! 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	Takes her time with patients, which is problably why her appts are always running behind...however, it is worth the wait--she discusses any concerns and questions I have. Also, very open with her reasoning and has a socratic style of discussion with patients--awesome! 	3	1	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	-1	Poor excuse for a physician. He is way to young. 	4	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	I've been a happy patient of Dr. Seberg for many years. He is extremely friendly and makes you feel as if you are his only patient. He does not try to rush you out of the office but spends thorough time accessing your needs. 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	Very knowledgable,caring &amp; professional. So is his staff.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
11	1	He rushes you and is quick to get you out of his office.  I had many patients complain about him when I worked there one summer.  He just has too much on his plate to focus on patients like he should. 	2	1	3	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	HE'S A VERY HELPFUL DOC AND VERY FRIENDLY 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	I disagree with the previous evaluation. He has managed my health care in a most knowledgeable way, explaining things clearly. His medical practice is evidence-based, that is, based on research and current standards of care. Excellent physician! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	0	Does not return phone calls and has his nurse practitioners handle most appointments. Has a poor &quot;bedside manner.&quot; 		2	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
13	-1	After my child became frightened at the yard long fiber optic cable that was to be inserted into her nose, the dr became very defensive.    She told us to go and get an X-ray and that my child's should see a psychiatric for her nasal issues.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	1	Dr. Sabnani was very kind and had a great bed-side manner. She was very competent and seemed to go even above what I would have expected her to in getting me the diagnosis and care that I needed. I wish all doctors were like her and that she could be my primary care physician.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
13	1	. She is very caring and knows her business 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
14	1	While Dr. Shikuma was late, he was called to the hospital for a patient, very understandable. His very pleasant attitude put me at ease while he explained the possible scenarios associated with my current condition. He explained everything in an easy to understand, professional terms including tests to be done and why each test is important to narrow down why my problem happened and how to prevent future occurances.  Aside from being late and honestly what doctor has ever seen you at the exact time scheduled, I was very impressed wih him as a doctor both in his ability to put me at ease but also to professionally explain my problem in terms that did not scare the crap out of me! Best doctor I've ever been to! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
14	-1	Dr Shikuma was disrespectful to my father , a elderly man.  He did not listen to his concerns and spoke sharply to him &amp; my mother, as if he was scolding them.  He is not helpful in assisting them with their concerns. As Medicare patients, they should be appreciative of his services.  	4	1	1	3 	Insurance:Medicare
14	1	When reading the other reviews on Dr. Shikuma, it's like reading about a different person! I have nothing but positive experiences with Dr. Shikuma, both as a doctor and a person. He is thorough, takes his time, runs the necessary tests and follows up. He is polite and interested in the patient and sees her/him as a whole person. I do agree that his office staff could use some courses in running an office efficiently, keeping times and records, but that is after all, another story! I feel very fortunate to have come to Dr. Shikuma and he probably saved my life. Regarding saving lives: keep in mind that sometimes when Dr. Shikuma is running late, it's because he is saving someone's life. Next time it could be you or me... 	3	1	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	-1	I went to see this doctor due to strong family history of heart disease not because there was something obviously wrong. This doctor was always late and I waited for at least 45 mins both times I saw him. I waited almost that long the times I went in for testing and/or to see the nurse practitioner. After running loads of tests I saw the doctor for a follow up. The nurse practitioner had already told me everything thing was fine and I didn't need to be worried. When he came in to see me he was in tennis gear and seemed to be looking at my chart for the first time. He said I was fine but that my cholesterol was high and I should start cholesterol medication after I had my baby since I was pregnant at the time. I later found out that my cholesterol was considered normal during pregnancy. I also had a bad experience getting records transferred to my other doctors. After calling and faxing requests I finally had to go in and request them in person then hand carry them to my other doctor.  	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	-1	This doctor ordered every known cardiac test on me. Afterwards he said he didn't find anything wrong. He is not at all atentive to the patiemt and spend very little time.I think he scams the insurance company by ordering all kinds of unneeded tests. I went back after two years and losing 50lbs,quitting smoking and drinking. My BP was down to an excellent level and I felt great. he ordered an additional several thousand dollars in tests. I know other peole here who also felt like he was bilking the insurance companies. If I am wrong I apoligize but thats what it feels like to me. 	2	1	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
14	0	very poorly trained staff make frequent mistakes and then spend their energies in denial rather than correction. this doctor is stretched too thin, with practices on two islands. he does not read his own notes, so he has no idea of current patient concerns or results of tests that he has ordered. a very poor medical treatment experience, and a rather incompetent staff.  	1	1	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	0	Have only seen the Dr. twice in the last two years, and when I saw him, he was quite late. He has made several appointments specifically to see me and then has not shown up for them. Consequently, I am usually serviced by his Nurse Practitioner, which I don't mind, but it upsets me that he makes appointments and either doesn't show or is very late. The staff tries to be helpful, but I've shown up for appointments that were documented by appointment cards that they wrote up, which they had no record of. They rarely return calls and I've been told on more than one occasion that I'd be called within a week to schedule another appointment, and never received a call. I've called to have prescriptions refilled and sometimes it gets done and sometimes not. Since they confirm that they have done it, and they tell you it takes them at least 3 days to get prescriptions out, what am I supposed to do when I'm close to running out of medications&#63; They need to up their level of professionalism.  	2	1	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	-1	My husband had this doctor for 2 years but actually only met with him once. He always had his nurse there. She doubled his priscription and he had severe reactions to it. He had many tests done but we were never contacted with the results and finally ended up in E.R. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	The convenience of NO appointment needed, just walk in and sign in!  Their service and caring hearts are greatly appreciated too!  Much Mahalo to Dr.  Sonido and Staff!  =) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	-1	To whom it may concern. I am very disappointed to see that my negative comments regarding this man are not acknowledged. I hope you are not in cahoots with Suzuka. He called my dear mother, a 91 year old World War 11 Navy Wave Veteran a Demanding Drama Queen on her deathbed because no one at Wahiawa General Hospital would give her any palliative care as she lay crying out in pain for 2 hours. My mother was lied to, a nurse told her I had gone home as I was waiting to be called in assigned seats by the front desk. My pets veterinarian's office is better organized. I pray you folks tell this painful truth on this site. Alice V. Telford Haleiwa, Hawaii 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	Randall, is very nice and detailed when you visit him. 	 8/22/11	3	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	Dr. is on the leading edge of latest medical procedures and is very detailed in explainging procedures.  Dr. has a great rapport with young patients and their parents.  Great support staff and ostemy nurse.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	Dr Sutherland was fantastic. He made a parent's nightmare more tolerable. He was genuine and caring, something you don't often see. No wonder he's the best in Hawaii. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	she is kind and remebers your name she is very busy but never makes you feel as if you are a wrench in her day she gives you as much time as you need. 	4	3	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
19	-1	Do not waste your time with this doctor. 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	Dr. Judy and her staff are absoultely outstanding.  If it were not for her, I would not be typing these comments.  She is frequently not on time because when she is dealing with you the clock is not her consideration.  You have her utmost attention for as long as necessary.  Once you are a patient of Dr. Schmidt, she is the measurement of what a terrific physician should be.  I have recommended many of my friends who need cancer treatment, to Dr Judy.  I traveled over 200 miles every week for treatment for five years to seek her medical brilliance. I am presently 11 years out from Ovarian Cancer Stage IV. I thank God daily for leading me to her door.  	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	1	I was skeptical because other people had told me that Judy was &quot;different.&quot; Wow, were they right! She and all of her nurses (particularly her head nurse, Joni) are the most caring and qualified doctors I could imagine. They have changed my life, and not just by their excellent care. I now know what it is to be brilliant, professional and human. Kindness envelopes you when you walk into the office, and if a cure is available it is there.  	5	1	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	1	Very compulsive, knows her patients in detail, extremely available to answer questions and deal with concerns, is clearly the patient's powerful advocate in fighting the disease.  		2	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	Dr. Seid is very nice and friendly. It takes at least 1 to 2 hours to see him especially if there are quite a bit of patients. He seems to prescribe medications a lot. 	3	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	DSr Seid has allways been easy to get to see and easy to talk to.  	3	3	3	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	-1	.  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
22	-1	.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	Great with my child and knows how to handle children very well.Answers all my questions. Has children of is own. Will not take a child under his care if parents are anti-immunization but has good reasons.  	4	4	5	4 	Insurance:Medicare
23	1	Very good doctor, has been dealing with children for many years.  The review before me is a bad one he's so good he's booked up and not accepting new patients, plus the person who wrote the review before this one can even writea sentence and use proper grammer 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	0	nice guy, but talks down me you. and he's weird. and loves to have your kids get shots thinks it's a much. and don't want to talk about it.  	2	4	2	3 	Insurance:Medicare
24	1	Dr.  Shirota is so GENTLE and very informative! Nice family oriented practice! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
25	1	Great dentist! Friendly and informative. Would reccomend to EVERYONE. Staff is great, waiting area neat and clean with plethora of reading material. NO long wait time and flexible payment plans. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	0	his way or the highway. doesn't believe in newer treatments or computer devices. 	3	3	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	Medicare, BC/BS, Tricare for Life.  We were very impressed with Dr. Shen.  He will be our family cardiologist.  We have had cardiology care in three states thus far and Dr. Shen is by far the best we have experienced.  He is interested and becomes informed on the &quot;whole&quot; patient - not just the heart. He spends a generous amount of time learning you and your concerns.  He answers any any all questions thoroughly and in terms you can understand.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
27	1	We have had the best of care with Dr. E. Shen. He is always very through in his exams and orderihg of test.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
28	1	I love Vitality!!  Dr. Eric is the best! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	Been to a lot of dentists over the years and Dr. Stuef ranks close to the top.  Very knowledgeable; well read; remains current.  I drive 30 miles one way to get to his office when I could easily drive much less to visit other DDS's.  I sometimes have to wait 30 minutes past my appointment time, and while that's annoying, it's typical of most healthcare professionals, right&#63;  His office is typical Hawaiian style - a converted house.  I always like that more than strip mall clinics or professional buildings. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	He explained what I needed to know about my abscessed tooth and gave me choices of how to treat it.  He didn't really want to pull it but that is all I could afford.  He let me use happy gas and stereo headphones and it was the best trip to the dentist I ever had. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	Very caring eye doctor.  I'm very happy with the care I received.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	-1	The most rude and unprofessional doctor that I have ever had the displeasure to speak to. Tried to do as little as possible and get out of a follow up appointment. She even went so far as to say that she did not think she needed to see me because I sounded okay on the phone. Run in the other direction.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	-1	This is the worst most unhelpful doctor I have ever visited.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	-1	DR. SALMON IS RUDE AND UNPROFESSIONAL AND HER STAFF REFLECTS THAT SAME ATTITUDE!!!!!!!!!!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	Dr. Satz is an extremely caring and compassionate person.  Her knowledge,  experience, and professionalism exceeded my expectations.   She changed my life! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tufts
33	1	i see Dr.  Silver regularly as my internist and have been extremely satisfied overall with his services 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	1	Dr. Schutte is a good doctor and very pleasant.  I enjoyed having her as a gyno, but note she has left Hawaii. 	5	5	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
34	-1	Before the PA even saw me she told me I probably had Endometrial Cancer! It went downhill from there. I recieved a letter from the hospital that did my mammogram that there was a problem and I should contact my doctor for follow-up. After 5 calls not being returned, they finally called to tell me everything was fine on my mammogram.  When I questioned the letter I had recieved they told me &quot;Oh, I have the wrong persons results&quot;.  Needless to say I will never go back to them again! 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	1	I have been Dr. Schutte's patient for several years now and she has delivered all three of my children.  She is very down to earth and knowledgeable.  I always felt like my questions were answered through her.  She took my personal beliefs and interests in mind in our deliveries and I have the utmost respect for her.  She has a heavy caseload, so sometimes there is a wait, but I find her well worth it.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
34	1	I was referred to Dr. Schutte by a family member since she had nothing but great comments about her and because she was closer to home.  Her staff was not warm at all.   My first time to see her, I felt rushed and as if I was taking up her time.  I thought I would give her another chance and tried to schedule another appt, but was told I would have to wait for two months before I could see her.  However, I had a choice to be examined by a physician assistant.  I found the PA to be more thorough than she was.  Since then, I have not been back and will probably go back to my other doctor who was a lot more caring and made you feel like you were the most important person to him....even though he at a farther distance.  	2	4	3	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	1	Dr. Schutte delivered my twins and helped me through a difficult pregnancy. More than a source of information and advice, she offered me emotional support and true caring. I had a different OB/Gyn let me go for months with an abnormal pap and misdiagnosed a &quot;yeast&quot; infection, Dr. Schutte found and treated cervical pre-cancer and was both knowledgeable and warm.  We've moved and I miss her! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
35	1	Dr. Schmalle and her staff are extremely well trained,educated and genuinely compassionate to their patients.  Dr. Schmalle herself is an excellent experienced doctor who also happens to be a certified hottie! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
36	1	great doctor.  Has compassion for human beings and is very friendly and knows his area of expertise.  Reviews the xrays of the injured area and explains how the muscular and skeletal area are impacted.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
37	1	I would highly recommend this doctor to my family and friends. She is one of the best Optometrist.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	-1	I had a terrible experience with this doctor. She didn't seem to listen to me and made decisions about my care that I didn't feel were in line with what was best for me and my baby. I had to repeatedly say &quot;no&quot; to unnecessary interventions. I was so unhappy and stressed out by this woman I switched doctors. I feel that if I had stayed with this doctor I would have been pressured or scared into interventions that I didn't want. I was able to have my child naturally with no complications by going elsewhere.  	3	2	1	2 	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
39	1	Dr. Sugihara and staff run efficiently, punctually, and courteously. He is keen in asking me the right questions to diagnose my condition to determine the proper course of treatment.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	1	Excitable, but very friendly doctor as you can tell when he smiles.  His wife is the staff.  She is very nice and friendly too.  I would recommend this doctor to everyone.  He found what I had when the others didn't.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	-1	My experience with this doctor the first three visits were professional but my last visit was completely unethical, unprofessional, arrogant, and it was apparent he was incompetent.  I had no complaints with Kaiser Permanente until a very inappropriate conversation with Saito. This man did not answer my healthcare questions, he dodged my questions and was condescending in his response to my confusion in his vague answers to the point I had to ask him, don't you think a patient has the right to understand exactly what they have and understand the terminology you are using&#63; And he responded, no you actually don't. Had he told me he didn't know the answers to my questions, I would have moved on and not asked the same question in 10 different ways to get a straight answer.  Then he proceeded to attack me with, &quot;it's becoming apparent that you have an anxiety disorder and I don't understand why I have to talk to patients when it's pointless to talk to them&quot; 	3	5	1	1 	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
41	1	Dr. Sumida is so much fun! He takes his time with my children and I like the fact that he explains things. He is compassionate with my children and he makes it so enjoyable to be at the appointments. Dr. Sumida knowledgable and is very highly recommended! 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	VERY busy office, but he has partners that can see his patients.  BUT he's an AWESOME doctor--great w/ kids and answers ALL my questions!  My kids love him!All nurses that know him highly recommend him.  If you can get him, you're very fortunate.  Wonderful Aunty Ella left, but his new nurse is also pretty good. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	Dr. Sumida and Aunty Ella are awesome. They take great care of our kids. They are very down-to-earth and friendly. We feel our kids are in good hands. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	Excellent doctor, but very BUSY.  However, he does take the time to answer questions by phone and if you can't get an appointment with him then his partners are all great too.  Dr. Sumida visited my daughter everyday in the hospital when she was born.  His nurse &quot;Aunty Ella&quot; is so nice and knows exactly how to deal with the kids. 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	Very helpful and patient especially with first time parents 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	Excellent staff, helpful.  Love Dr. Smith.  He is very knowledgable, informative.  I would highly recommend.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
42	1	excellent doctor.  very caring and explained everything.  sugery went great and now no more knee pain 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
42	-1	Very aloof uncaring doctor and staff,  Hopefully he has skills that are better than his poorly run office.  You are lucky if he spends a minute with you.  He offers very little in the way of informing the patient what is going on.  Office staff is moody and make you seem like you are bothering them.  Seems like they really don't care and are quick to get you out door 	1	4	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	Has a PHD, not an MD. Excellent therapist, lots of different kinds of training, warm, very smart, tells it like it is. She doesn't run on time but on the other hand she doesn't insist on stopping right at 45-50 minutes either. 	4	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
44	-1	Expect to wait over an hour for every appointment.  Definitly does not have the patients best interest in mind only his own.  I was 9 months pregnant and having difficulty taking care of my son on my own.  He would not sign my husbands FMLA papers to leave work a week before my due date because he said it would put his license on the line.  Our previous OBGYN had no problem with anything that would make me more comfortable.  He never did a Strep B test,  check my cervex after 2 months along, or measure my stomach.  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	1	While living in Hawaii we had Dr. Stahl as our family doctor for over 8 years.  Always there for us, and very patient oriented.  Over the years his office did become busier, as often happens when you find a great doctor.  Mahalo.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	1	Our 95 year old mom is in Pohai Nani.  Dr. Stahl visited with her, took time to listen, and was exceptionally caring and helpful to her and all of us.  One of the best dr. visits my mom has had (and she's had alot!) 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	Our family has gone to him for many years.  In one aspect he is extremely intelligent and knowledgeable.  However over the years he seems to have gotten too busy.  Wait times have been getting worse, and we actually all stopped seeing him one by one because he seems to be overworked and not as caring.  He has a very dry sense of humor that most don't understand and sometimes it can come across as being rude or condescending.  	3	1	2	5 	Insurance:Medicare
45	1	Dr Stahl saved my husband's life by paying attention to a small finding on an xray. It turned out to be lung cancer in such an early stage it could be successfully treated. He is a superb diagnostician and knows the best people in the state to refer to. We will always be grateful to him.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	-1	I arrived on time but had to wait appx 30 minutes before I was moved to a patient room. When the Dr finally came in I explained my symptoms and the fact that I had been in bed for almost a week. He brushed me off and said I had a virus and he could do nothing for me to go home and wait out. When I tried to explain I also was having other problems he interrupted me to ask me what I was doing about my weight problem. I found him rude, uncaring and in a rush to blame the problems I was having on my weight. I will never see this doctor again. 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	Dr. Sakamoto has a fantastic bedside manner. He is professional, calm and detailed even when discussing scary topics such as potential skin cancer. His staff was not only professional, but kind and warm as well. Dr. Sakamoto is my new dermatologist, I have no desire to see anyone else.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
47	-1	No compassion.  Views you more a body that is breathing air versus a human with feelings. 	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	Always attentive. Answers all of your questions in a clear manner. Spends time with me.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	-1	Very dismissive to patient's health concerns.  Insists on office visits but then does minimal examination and barely looks up from his folder.  In my personal opinion I do not feel this doctor had my best interest at heart.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	1	Dr Weiss has helped me and my husband get back together and avoid a very painful divorce.  She helped me understand him better and she helped him learn how to show his love.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	1	Dr Weiss helped me tremendously with my depression.  Before I started seeing her, I hardly ever left my room, slept all day and I had no interest in anything.  She helped me with new coping skills, she &quot;increased my degrees of freedom&quot; as she always put it that is our goal in therapy.  I am now in a relationship and feel happy and normal. , 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
51	-1	Does not return tell.  Calls also is out of town often 	2	4	2	2 	Insurance:Veterans Administration
52	1	Great service and staff.  Enjoyed working with everyone 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
53	1	Wonderful doctor and staff.  Would definitely recommend to my friends and family 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	Excellent outcome every time.  I have seen his work numerous times. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	I LOVE Dr Sands, he is the ONLY reason why I continue to pay Kaisers outrageous monthly rate, which is going up again! He is so kind and personable, extremely helpful in getting me tests that ive requested and trusted me to make my own decisions.   I had steroid shots in my hands and NO PAIN in getting them!  he's followed up w/phone calls and emails too!  highly recommended if you can get him! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
55	1	Very caring compassionate gentle Doctor. Dr. Sands always follows up on his patients, even if you haven't seen him for months, he will call to check up on his patients.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
55	1	Dr. Sands is the most caring doctor I have ever had. He uses the hospital's computer data systems effectively. He spends personal time visiting his elderly patients. He is also a firm believer in the power of positive thinking and prayer.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
56	-1	Seems knowledgeable. Office Staff is young and not the most professional. Very busy office, difficult to get an appointment less than a few weeks out. Loves to draw blood, vaccinate, order lab work, but fails to address issues you bring up. spends no more than 5 minutes actually examining you and doesn't listen to you, but rather talks at you. I get the impression this office is more interested in the procedures billable to insurance companies than in my personal well-being.  	2	5	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
56	1	Location is smack in the heart of Downtown. Dr. Saruwatari is very knowledgable and excellent patient care. Also, the staff truly is wonderful! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	. Outstanding knowledge and sensitivity to my needs 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
58	-1	very inappropriate with female patient.also very unprofessional. would never recommend him to any one. 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	Dr. Samsami is patient, knowledgeable, friendly, and very helpful - I've had rather serious medical concerns of late, and not only was he quick to get me in to see specialists, but he explained every new test to me so that I wouldn't get overly nervous.  His staff, too, are incredibly kind, and they try to put you at ease.  Of all the primary care physicians I've seen, he ranks among the best.  He really seems to care for his patients and think about their well-being even beyond when they're actually sitting in his office.  He even goes out of his way to keep costs low for his patients, giving out samples of the medicines they need when he can.  I would recommend him to anyone looking for a courteous, intelligent, helpful physician who will get you diagnosed as quickly and accurately as possible.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
59	-1	Worst experience ever had with an oral surgeon/dentist! He did a tooth extraction and a bone graft for me. 2 weeks later got stiches removed and he said everything looked fine. Then went to my gen. dentist for a follow up when she told me the work Stover had done did not look right at all and I need to go back to him.(This was 4 days after I just saw Stover and said everything was fine)Went back to Stover and told me that the surgery done wrong, he couldn't explain why or what went wrong and that he could do it all over again but he was going to charge me the same cost for it! Told him that wasn't going to happen and asked for some kind of explaination and why he would charge me again for what he messed up on and he walked out of the room! He's a scam artist who will take your money, do a botched up job, and then try to do it all over again! Heartless, conniving, theif!!! Do your self a favor and DO NOT go to him unless you want to be scammed out of thousands of dollars!!! 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
59	1	Dr Stover is an excellent doctor. I found him to be pleasant, knowledgeable skilled and punctual. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
59	1	Office is clean, staff is professional, Doc knows his stuff. C.J., Waimea. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	 	2	2	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	First-time visit for me. I was very impressed with Dr. Sowers empathy as well as her professionalism.  She clearly explained what needed to be done, the part that I had to do, and expected results. She listened when I asked questions and gave to-the-point answers. Office staff was equally courteous.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
60	1	Dr Sowers solved my foot problem very nicely although she is not as easygoing as I would like. As far as her staff is concerned: I have never encountered a more unpleasant staff anywhere.  	1	4	3	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
60	0	i had my first surgery with her back in 2009 when she was with Kapiolani. Now that she is with Akami it is hard to get a response and even to get a surgery date set up. I don't care for her staff, i think they are still learning. Overall i think she is a fine surgeon, but not getting back on a time basic for answers that we request for ( i waited 2 weeks, my friend had to wait 3 weeks) is ruining her good name as a fine surgeon. 	1	2	1	5 	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	I am a diabetic.  Doctor Sower came to see me in the hospital and helped to save me from an amputation.  All my other doctors advised me to have the surgery but Doctor S.said I did not need it.  She visit me everyday to clean my sores and clean the gangrene.  I am grateful to her for  saving me from the other cutting happy doctors. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
60	-1	had surgery extremely poor job, and follow up just sucks.  staf is about the stupidest, laziest i have ever encountered.  half the time she acts like she is STONED, and the girl up front too!  save your time and money!!!  does not keep good records, half missing or just not done.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
60	-1	I had surgery by her and it turned out bad.  An aquainance of mine had the same bad results from a different procedure 	1	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	The best relief I had for my pain was to see Dr. Sowers for my ingrown toe nail which was killing me for months. I didn't want to go until a friend referred me but I wish I hadn't wait so long for quick relief from a very nice doctor. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	This doctor not only knows her stuff, but she is very pretty, makes me happy to go see her every time i have an appointment. Never been happier with how my feet now feel. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	Everything you could ask for in a primary care doc...conscientious, compassionate, &amp; current on the latest medical knowledge.  Staff is warm, responsive, and reflects the same heart and commitment to individual patient care.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
61	1	. Absolutely the best physician i've experienced and i'm picky! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	1	Very Cheerful.  Explained a lot of what she is doing.  Very gentle.  She likes to say she has the Butterfly touch.  Suzanne goes beyond just the structures, and gets to the root of the challenge. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	Dr. Schiller not only helped me with my immediate pain, she also helped me develop a long- term plan of wellness and prevention. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	I have been a patient at the Cosmetic Centers of Hawaii for many years, and am now an employee. Throughout my long experience with Dr. Stover and his staff, first as a patient, and now an employee, I have always been treated with nothing but the utmost respect and care. The staff is friendly and goes out of their way to make you feel comfortable. The facility is impeccable, and Dr. Stover is a gifted and busy surgeon, who nevertheless always takes time with patients in his care to ensure their optimum comfort. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	Excellent and knows his stuff.  	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
65	1	Excellent, knowledgeable dentist with great chairside manner.  Very gentle and thorough.  Beautiful cosmetic dentistry which matched my teeth perfectly.  Painless experience.  The staff were very friendly and helpful and the infection control was impeccable.  The dental hygienist  has multiple national awards for her excellence and explained everything more thoroughly than I could believe. Wonderful experience.  I highly recommend this office.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
66	1	I have been a patient for several years and I think Dr David is a straight shooter and know his business.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	1	Dr. Suan is professional and very helpful in handling personal stress &amp; family problems. Great experience.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
67	1	Great experience.  Down to earth and knowledgeable and straightforward.  Would definitely recommend as a professional to see. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
68	0	The doctor is nice and has a good reputation but the office and staff are terrible.  The staff are rude and unkind.  The doctor had a hard time finding the equipment she needed.  The office decor is dated and has a feeling of not being clean.  It was a terrible experience going there. 	1	2	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
68	-1	Just don't go. I should have listened to all my friends who had poor cataract surgery outcomes. Now I am left permanently visually impaired. The lens are incorrect for my sight and I see halos around all the lights. I went back and back and back until I realized she cannot fix what she did. Very unhappy. Just don't go! The other comments are accurate about length time, uncomfortable crammed rooms, no one washes hands in front of me, know-it-all (but know diddily) uncaring staff, too.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	-1	I hold Dr. senft responsible for a clearly poorer quality of life than I had when I met her...It was the cataract surgery with the iol replacement...according to two other doctors too much scar tissue to fix, she did a poor job and then made you wait an average of 5 hours to see her for 2 seconds...she blew off my concerns until it was too late for anybody else to help me...RUN... from this doctor!!!!!!!!!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
68	-1	My appointment was at 2pm.  I didn't get in to see anyone until 3:45.  When i voiced my concern, I was dealt with in a  very rude and defensive manner.  As if it were my fault.  I paid cash for a cosmetic treatments and had to have a few revisits since it was done wrong and with error.  Dr is very full of herself and doesn't seem to care about her patients.  Office comes off as being a high end boutique type place.  But when you arrive, it is just a run down office with 80's decor and and not even having any updated fashions or materials to choose from.  No one in the office seems to know what doing on.  Or maybe they just don't care enough.  You could hear the Dr in the back ground yelling at people&#63;  Bery uncomfortable.  I should have gone with my gut and ran out when I wasn't seen for a hour and 45 mins of sitting in the nasty dirty pink hell!! 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
68	-1	Sloppy testing by technician=. The doctor did a few seconds of testing on my eyes and concluded that I need  surgery. Get a second opinion.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	-1	Dr Senft did catract operation on me.  Inserted Inserted lens that was too powerful which caused balance problems reading etc.. Saw two retinologist which stated lens insertion was a mistake, also confirmed by three other Ophthalmologist.  Dr Senft never on time always at least an hour wait. 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
69	-1	. Arrogant, poor bedside manner, does not inform patient or family of procedure, in a hurry to get patient on table to cut 	2	2	1	3 	Insurance:Humana
70	1	Best pediatrician I have ever known- seriously knows his stuff, is innovative in his approach and continual commitment to learning more about kid's health. My children LOVE him- there is no one like him in his demeanor, caring attitude, and awe-inspiring knowledge. SO happy that my kids were lucky enough to be his patients.Thank you so much!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	He is the best physician.  My daughters love him and are very receptive to his care.  He takes the time to explain any illness and writes all medication information out for your reference.  I wish all physicians were as good as Dr.  Sia :0) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
70	1	From the day my daughter was born Dr. Sia visited her in the hopsital each morning at the same time for the entire duration of my stay. He has always been helpful with any and all questions I've had as a new mother. I would definitely recommend him to others! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	I've been with Dr. Michael Sia since I was a kid in elementary school so he's been with me growing up and has always done his best trying to take care of me.  He's always helpful and kind and really cares for his patients.  I'm leaving to college now and I wonder if I'll ever find a doctor as great as him.  He's truly someone I admire and trust very much and would recommend him to anyone. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	. The best Pediatrician in the State of Hawaii!My son's adores him! Very thorough, excellent repoire with the children and parents!!He is just an all around great physician!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
70	1	Outstanding for both medical needs and parental concerns.  Our 3 kids love visiting Dr. Sia. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	Outstanding doctor.  I wouldn't bring my son to anyone else! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	I am a rep for a pharmaceutical company.  Every other rep I know who has kids take then to Dr. Sia. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	I was a college student doing my externship for Dr. Michael Sia. At first, I was a little scared to proceed doing my externship, but after a while I got used to being around him and his staff. In fact, in his office, it didn't seem like they were staff, it seemed to me that they were all family. I was amazed at how punctual and professional they all were. Being in pediatrics, I thought to myself, must be very demanding in all aspects. But he balanced his life and career very well. Parents and children all got a long with him and I was amazed at how he took to all the different styles of parenting and teaching that these children were receiving. It was deffinitely great working with them. I was later offered to work with them permanently, but had already been accepted to work somewhere else. I would definitely recommend his office to anyone, in fact everyone that I know. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	We are always amazed at how much time he spends with us and how open he is to different parenting styles. He is sensitive to our child's anxiety about visiting the doctor and has a great sense of humor. We've been very happy with his service. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	We interviewed many pediatricians and decided Dr. Sia was the best fit for us. He has an excellent rapport with both the kids and the parents and always has helpful tips and information on childcare and rearing. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	He's a dedicated and kid-friendly doctor. I've always rec'vd immediate service and response from him & his staff. My child thinks the world of him! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	Spends time to discuss issues. Gives options to allow good interactions and understanding of diagnoses and treatment options. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
71	1	This is the FIRST therapist I have been able to open up to... and since my mother was a therapist, I have been sent to quite a few over the years.  Therapists are a VERY personal thing, and you have to find the right 'fit' for you...but for me, she is amazing.  Never judgmental, gives what I think is good advice, and gives gentle and constructive criticism when necessary. While she is not exactly on time, you can always count that she will be about 10-15 minutes late...  so if you are the type who is also always a little late - she is perfect for you! 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
71	-1	Unprofessional Advice, Dr Sloggett provided her beliefs rather than professional therapy 	5	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	I have seen many many doctors in my 70 years and feel like this doctor is one of the best. She doesn't have you do unnecessary testing and always explains things to you. She is on time and listens takes time with her patients.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:AARP
72	1	Dr. Sementi is an excellent doctor. She is patient and kind and really pays attention to what you tell her. My elderly mom and dad and my cousin and her kids all go to her now too.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:AARP
72	1	Dr. Sementi is an outstanding physician. When my husband had a heart attack and was admitted to the hospital, different physicians took care of him, but only one made us feel cared for. Dr. Sementi put in his pacemaker and explained in layman's terms everything that was happening and what to expect from the procedure and medication he was taking. Her genuine concern and empathy were evident. I wish all doctors were this competent and passionate about patient care. Never once did we feel like a number or just another dollar sign like we have with so many other doctors.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
72	1	Dr. Sementi has been nothing but helpful to me and my family.  Her positive attitude and bedside manner always puts me at ease, and my son looks FORWARD to his checkups with her! We are lucky to have a doctor like her on island! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
