dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
4	-1	comments 	4	1	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
9	0	commentsHe did okay on the left side, but the right side looks like the work of a third world doctor. A year later I still can't drink a glass of cold water due to him grinding to much off the teeth and the sensitivity. Paid/Co-pay:$5200	5	5	3	3	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	.  I have never had any problems with him he always talked to me and answered any questions i ever had 	5	3	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
16	0	.  Talks condescendingly 		5	2	3	Insurance:CIGNAPaid/Co-pay:$1500
16	1	commentsVERY PLEASANT Paid/Co-pay:$115		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
16	0	commentsI'm assuming he's knowledgeable. He uses the premise of &quot;I know your kids better than you do.&quot; Don't take them in expecting him to listen to you. 		5	1	4	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	 Dr. Ikeguchi is the best gastroenterologist I have ever encountered. I have UC and need surveillance colonoscopies yearly. With her care, I never feel any pain. Plus, she is the only GI Doc who takes the time - no matter how long - to explain the test results as well as any information I may need to better my condition itself. I am on a transplant list for a new liver. I truly believe in my heart her expertise and super kind manner saved my life while waiting. Recommended very enthusiastically.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	1	commentsHe is very friendly however, I felt rushed during the appointment. Does not take the time to explain things well or just assumes that you will not understand the physiology. Scheduling is great, almost no wait time. Does not call in prescriptions when he says he will. 	4	5	3	5	Insurance:Unknown
25	-1	commentsThe office is very cluttered. She seems unskillful as a physician at this times. I will not go back to her. 	2	2	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	commentsExtremely thorough and has an easy going nature that helps put you at ease. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	commentsShe is a great doctor: kind, sincere, and thorough in providing information and answering the questions I had.  Her approach was also very personable and earnest in trying to help me.  She offered explanations that were clear and easy to understand, and improved my understanding of how to maintain my own health. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	 I had a great experience with this physician.  She was amazingly on time which is unusual for doctors these days.  In addition, she asks a lot of questions and tries to get to the bottom of the problem 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	1	commentsDr. Ichimura is very thorough. She spends the time to make sure glasses fit perfectly. Her staff is friendly competent. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
31	-1	commentsFor a really long wait she saw me for less than five minutes. Lots of unanswered questions that I couldn't ask because she left the room to see another patient. It was her med assistant that told me I needed an MRI and a follow up appt. At the follow up same thing, a really long wait and she told me I had to see another doctor. Would not recommend at all! 	4	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
31	-1	commentsShe was extremely rude to me, and her staff is extremely unprofessional.  They messed up my appointment times and prescriptions.  Ignacio has no compassion for her patients and seems to forget that WE are the ones who pay her.  I made sure to let my referring physician know about my negative experiences with her - even the MRI professionals have heard how rude she is to patients.  I strongly recommend NOT going to Dr. Ignacio. 	1	1	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
31	0	 Not pleased with this physician.  It may be because I am not an athlete or famous.  I cannot get her photo in the paper or an interview on TV.  Am sad to say I moved on to another orthopedist.   However, the new one is great! 	3	2	2	4	Insurance:Medicare
31	1	 She is kind, caring, thoughtful, thorough, and intelligent.  After my first visit with her, I purposefully brought my daughter with me on my next visit, because I think Dr.  Ignacio makes a great role model! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	1	 I think Dr.  Ignacio is wonderful, and I send my entire family to her, myself included! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	1	commentsWhile the other comments are possilbe, this physician is not only one of the smartest ones in Hawaii, she treats the major sports folks as well.  She seemed very nice and polite to me 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	 I visited several not very helpful doctors before I found Dr. Inouye.  I actually had to beg her take me on as patient because her roster was full and I was desperate! She was receptive and knowledgeable about newer procedures and my treatment was successful! 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
33	1	comments 	4	4	5	4	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	 Best doctor ever!!!! He'll help u in anyway he can.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
41	1	 Very caring doctor!  Wait time was short and had a great experience.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
41	1	 So far my appointments with Dr. Iida have been very good.  My previous Doctor appointments were always late but she has been on time.  She has a very nice and caring attitude and I feel comfortable talking to her.  My referals to other specialist by her have been very good.  I like her as my Doctor.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$15
41	1	commentsVery intelligent and helpful.  I know she is well respected among her peers and is a doctor I trust very much. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	commentsDr. Ishihara and his staff are very thorough, efficient and friendly.  I always recommend him to anyone who is looking for a good optometrist. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	 Dr. Kathy Iida and her staff are amazing - like Cory M I'm not sure if I should start a new page for her - maybe I will after this review.    My husband and I used to see her when we lived in Hawaii.  She's patient, friendly, and a wonderful optometrist!  She's very knowledgeable about glasses vs. contacts, is a people person, and never seems to have a bad day.     I would definitely recommend her if you're looking for a good, caring optometrist!!!  Would give her 100 stars if I could! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	1	commentsDr Inouye is thoughtful, caring, and really takes his time examining my eyes and getting the right fit for my contacts.  I have dry eyes so I've always had a problem with contacts but these finally work! 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
97	1	 Dr. Ishioka has been my Primary Care Physician for 20+ years. I couldn't have asked for a better Internal Med doctor. His staff is efficient and a delight to deal with.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$15
97	-1	 Dr. Ishioka was unknowledgeable regarding my condition. I initially went in with pelvic pain. He referred me to a sports medicine doctor but that doctor could not help me. Dr. Ishioka was unable to refer me to any other type of specialist. I wish he could have at least steered me in the right direction as to where I can get help.  	2	2	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
