dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
5	1	commentsDr Savage is wonderful.  She is very polite and very thorough.  Dr Savage had a very busy day when we saw her and she had gone to the hospital twice during our visit (I think she was the on call doc) for 2 kids that had been hurt very badly.  However she still took time to answer all of our questions and make sure we we're comfortable before we left. 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
7	-1	commentsThe DR. and PA do not follow up about your test results , you have to call and call to get the office to respond back for an appt with the DR.to discuss test results. They are very unprofessional and do not act like they have even read the reports on tests that were done! If you do see this Dr. make sure you get any results from Scans or tests before you see them about the results!! 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	commentsI have seen Dr. Salem three times, the first time he was in and out of the exam room very quickly and ordered some tests, I wasn't super impressed. But the next two appointments, he spent a lot of time going over my results and the options I had. He is very knowledgeable and a great doctor, you just need to get past his abrupt bedside manner. Once you get to know him he is really nice and funny. I highly recommend him!! 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
7	-1	commentsHis PA is condescending and rude but you have to talk to him instead of the doctor if you call the office with a question.  He wanted to wait 6 weeks to tell the doctor of my abnormal lab results and told me that everyone they see is sick so I'll just have to wait my turn to find out what is wrong with me.  He also said he didn't know how to interpret a CBC, which is a basic blood test that any medical professional should be able to read.  He only agreed to show the results to the doctor after I told him it is medically negligent to wait that long to address abnormal test results.  While Dr. Salem seems knowledgeable, if he won't even look at your test results, there's no way he can help you! 	2	5	1	3	Insurance:Unknown
7	-1	commentsVery unprofessional. Heard him outside of my exam room talking with staff about my existing problems he said the reason i have the problems that i have is because i am _____Fat. I was devasted and will never be back. 	1	1	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
8	-1	commentsDOCTORS ARE FRIENDLY BUT THE STAFF HAS VERY POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE. I DONT KNOW WHY I KEEP GOING BACK I GUESS CUZZ ITS CLOSE TO HOME, STAFF MARVIN AND SHELLY ARE RUDE LIKE IF THEY ARE BIG TIME CEO'S ANY QUESTIONS ASKED THEY CANT GIVE YOU A DEFINITE ANSWER ONLY MAYBES. CONTACT LENSES TAKE FOREVER TO ORDER. PRICES ARE HIGH ON FRAMES AND FITTING FEES. THEY WIL SUPRISE YOU WITH A BILL FOR FEES AT THE END OF YOUR EXAM. JUST GIVING PEOPLE A HEADS UP. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	 Very excited to treat your child and easy to talk to.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	1	 I love Dr Schell.  She is thorough and nice. I really respect her as a doctor and a human being.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
10	1	commentsShe is AWESOME! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	 Very pleasant and caring person to work with. He and his staff took great pains and time to explain exactly how they proposed to treat my prostate cancer through radiation. Result was good.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	1	 Great Dentist!!  Seen several in the last 8 years and I will never go to anyone else now.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Delta Dental
24	1	 Dr. Sayer is a very good chiropractor. I have been going to him for years. He is very friendly and Takes time to answer questions and gives suggestions on things that can help a patient. I would highly recommend Dr. Sayer as someone to go to for your chiropractic needs.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	 Charlotte is by far one of the best healthcare providers I have worked with. She definitely includes her patients in their own healthcare decisions and is extremely practical. She made herself available for help above and beyond normal expectations when I was struggling with certain postpartum issues, making 100% sure my baby and I were taken care of. She truly cares about her patients and it shows. I would recommend her to anyone looking for a great midwife in Boise. Thank you Charlotte.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:$500
25	1	 You couldn't ask for a Better midwife. Experienced, Kind and very understanding. Best experience I've ever had with a Medical Professional.  Highly recommend! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
34	1	commentsDr Samuels is very thorough and very intelligent.  He is a doctor that will seek out the information needed for your specific case and help facilitate the best possible care. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	commentsDr. Brian Samuels is intelligent, soft-spoken and very thorough.  He listens and takes your concerns seriously. When your test results come back negative he is very pleased but when they come back positive, he is gentle but reassuring that everything will be done that can be done. I find his competence and compassion make him an excellent doctor. 	5	2	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	commentsDr. Sachse is very capable and has a very nice and gentle approach with my kids.  We've gone to him over several years for checkups, cleanings, fillings, and help removing a baby tooth that just wouldn't let go.  My youngest is quite needle-shy and in the early visits, cried just at the sight of a needle.  However, the doctor and his staff were very patient and over time now are able to anesthetize (sp&#63;) him without tears. His work has never failed and seems fairly priced, important when we have not had insurance.  His office staff is also very good. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	 knowledgeable, nice, gentle - pain free, on time.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
39	1	commentsDr. Sackman is outstanding in his bedside manner.I have gone to him for about 25 years and have found him to be compentent and willing to visit with me as long as needed. 	4	3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	 He will refer you to a specialist if he can't help you.  He is a great listener,he is very helpful &amp; his staff is very helpful, he is very knowledgeable &amp; also has a great sense of humor.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:$25
39	1	 Good diagnostician, takes whatever time is required to talk with the patient, consistently pleasant with a good sense of humor, all around good doctor - in fact, the best I've met in many years and several cities.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	0	 The office staff told me earlier that a new patient charge would be ~$80-120. I was shocked that I was charged $206. Being new in the area, all I went in for was to have 3 renewals on prescriptions plus one new prescription. His deminer was cool and he didn't ask much about medical history. For a first short visit with no diagnosis, I felt the charge unreasonable. I certainly won't go back to him.  	2	3	2	3	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:$206
45	1	commentsThe most helpful doctor I've ever seen. My cortisol is way down, testosterone way up, no longer tired every afternnon, better sex life, lost 40lbs so far. He is brilliant and caring. What more can I ask for in a Dr&#63; 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	commentsI found Dr. Savage to be most knowledgeable on hormone replacement than any other doctor I have visited. He teaches seminars and other MD's on Bioidentical hormones. I do believe hormones are a huge part in how our body functions. I just hope our medical (FDA) will one day wake up!  I will come back to rate him after my 2nd visit. 	4	5	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	commentsI have been seeing Dr Savage for 4 years and he has help me get to my health goals. 	3	3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	commentsthe 1st REAL Doctor I've ever seen in my life. Caring. My other Dr.s laughed and said &quot;you're just getting old&quot; Dr. Savage has improved my life tremendously. My arthritis is gone, my sex life is back. I feel better. I've lost weight and gained muscle. My testosterone went from 184 to 550. He's great. 	3	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	commentsI had hormonal imbalances, that many women suffer from, and this doc really helped me immeasurably.  I now sleep well, I'm not short-tempered anymore.  My aches and pains are down, and I have so much more energy to deal with the daily demands of life.  My husband is happy with my improvement in attitude now--he felt like he was walking on eggshells for a few years!-- now he has his wife and best friend back.  I have a scientific background and this man really knows what he's talking about.  It's hard to adequately describe how you feel about a physician who gives you back your old life; but I think one needs to try to do so.  I wasn't too thrilled with his office staff on and off over the past few years, but things have settled down now on that front and seem to be running more smoothly. 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
45	0	commentsHe charges to much for what you get.  He charges $100.00 to get a copy of your personal records.  He seems to have a high turnover of his office staff. 	4	1	2	3	Insurance:Unknown
45	-1	commentsDr. Savage advertises that he is an anti-aging doctor practicing bioidentical hormone replacement therapy.  He refuses to comply with the HIPPAA Privacy Rule and Illinois laws by releasing medical records to insurance companies in a timely manner, and in fact, had his assistant tell my insurance agent that his attorney said he did not have to release his notes.  When I finally obtained a copy of my own records (after over 60 days) he had inserted false information, made insinuations and blatently lied in his progress notes.  I would not recommend this doctor under any circumstances whatsoever. Paid/Co-pay:$1200	3	1	1	3	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	 Dr. Schneider was awesome. He took all the time needed to remedy my problem and had great follow up after surgery.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$100000
50	1	.  good doctor and very caring 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
55	-1	 Horrible bedside manner I wouldn't reccommend him to my worst enemy.  I gave him a second chance and walked out of his office in tears his is a very rude non sympathetic individual.  Diag.  was fibermyalgia which he states is a real disease and his wife has done alot of research on the disease but he doesn't treat it or refer to anyone who does just tells you he can't help you very cold man and a waste of an education 	3	3	1	1	Insurance:BC Med
56	-1	 From the begining he didn't answer questions. Waited 45min or more for scheduled appointments. his conduct was unsatisfactory! My son may be permanitly damanged do to his negelgance. possible cerable palsy and/or developmantal delays.please be cafeful when choosing a doctor.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	1	 What a kind sweet caring Doctor. I am forever grateful to her for her work on me and for me.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
65	1	 He's the real thing. Looking for a good chiropractor you will not be disappointed. I am one of his success stories.  Thanks doc! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
65	1	 Taught me to maintain my own alignment in a month, and now I just get tune ups like a teeth cleaning.  Love it.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
78	-1	commentsDid she ever do a residency&#63;  I found her very rude with limited knowledge.  She actually said that candida did not exist...was microbiology not required to graduate&#63; 	1	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	 Dr Lou is always kind, knowledgeble, taking as much time as needed to address my concerns.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
88	1	 Knowledgable and very helpful.  Staff cares about you and always a nice welcome.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$20
88	0	 The entire staff cares more about themselves and their convenience than about the patient. They do not listen, but act like they are doing you a big favor to even see you.  	1	2	2	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$20
95	1	commentsVery professional, great bed side manner, knowledge, and helpful.  Prices are phenomenal because they font bill insurance companies.  I highly recommend for people with no insurance, hsa plans, our high deductibles.  I have also used him even when insurance would have paid for it.  I just submit claim on my own. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
97	1	comments 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
99	1	commentsHas kind bedside manner, intelligent and will spend appropriate time with me.  Answers questions straightforward and on your level of understanding. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
99	0	 I actually liked her bedside manner, strait and to the point.  Until  after the birth of my daughter. At which time I got an infection in my incision, for three months the incision did not close properly, I went in and asked her to re cut it open and drain it, she did but then told me there was nothing there.  After the appt.  I went home, cut the incision myself with a razor blade and drained out the puss myself. And it healed.  I also had mentioned to her throughout this time that I was still bleeding.  She assured me it was nothing. Two, three, four months later still it's nothing.  Well I bled for 2+ years.  All the while she told me it was nothing.  I moved away found a new dr. who easily found the problem and treated it.   Thanks Mary! 	3	3	1	4	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
99	-1	commentsI was almost 30 weeks on my first visit with her and she was abrupt to the point of rudeness and didn't seem concerned that I'd been vomiting 6-10 times a day and was so exhausted I slept about 12 hours a day.  I was induced and pushed for almost 2 hours straight, my son's head never crowned and in fact I'd been told that natural childbirth wouldn't be possible, something Dr. Sanderson wouldn't even listen to.  My son's heartbeat started to drop and I had to get a C-Section and five hours after, I literally mean FIVE hours later, she asked me if I wanted to go home!  I was so out of it from the painkillers and this was my first baby that I said, 'sure!'  So, I was discharged 10 hours after an emergency c-section!I got a copy of my records and found out I had abnormal bleeding during the surgery, something Sanderson didn't bother to tell me and I was probably already anemic (duh) something else she didn't think rated her attention.  She's the worst doctor I've ever had! 	3	5	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
99	1	 Very professional and knowledgeable.  No nonsense kind of doctor.  	5	5	4	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
99	0	commentsI saw her with my third child and she hassled me every.single.visit about getting my tubes tied when I was &quot;done with this one&quot;.  In addition, she didn''t seem to care one way or the other if I had any problems, questions, concerns...even though I''d already had two kids, it wasn''t like I was a pro at it and I''d been having problems that she ultimately blew off.  Never spent more than five minutes with her in the room, even in the first appointment and the last one.  I spent more time with her in surgery for the actual C-section than any other time.  Cold, unfeeling, horrid bedside manner.   Her staff was very nice but Dr. Sanderson would''ve been a better surgeon than an OB/GYN. 	4	2	1	4	Insurance:Unknown
99	-1	commentsI agree with this exactly.  Ice Queen sums it up.  She doesn't seem to care at all about her patients and is very difficult to talk to. 	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
99	0	 Ice Queen pretty much sums it up. I am switching doctors at 37 weeks pregnant because she seems to not care about my questions or concerns and just wants to get out of the room as quick as possible. For a first time mom I have a lot of questions and she is not patient enough to want to help. Keep looking if you are a person that needs someone that comes across caring or at least remembers you.  	4	3	2	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
99	-1	 Very unemotional, like an ice queen. No sympathy.  		1	1	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
99	1	commentsSeemingly concerned and caring and intelligent for position. 		5	3	5	Insurance:Unknown
