dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	Got a CO2 laser treatment, and it helped my acne to go away. Thanks! Wonderful staff and an overall great experience. :) 	 1/13/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	Dr. Kerr treated me with filler for my really sunken eyes.  I am super happy with the results and my whole experience was really great.  I would recommend Dr. Kerr or his staff to anyone looking to get a cosmetic treatment. 	 1/13/12	5	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
1	-1	 	5	3	3	1 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	Dr Kronholm's manner put me at ease instantly. I believe this is vital when exposing one's most personal physical issues. Kudos to him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	1	Very busy,but good doc. Willingly to talk about things. 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	I believe Dr. Kronholm is a very good concienous Dr. who cares about his patients and not just the $ sign. He is very informative so you know everything he is doing. Great bed side manner. I can't remember when I was so impressed with a DR.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
3	1	Brilliant man.  Gave me more info than what I was in for.  Told me I was vit D deficient, needed osteoporosis test(which me internist had overlooked), etc.  answered all my questions, was quite thorough.  I highly reccomend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
3	-1	I was diagnosed with lupus and RA in 2008, but my stats were low, even tho i was ina lot of pain and i was very sick. he didnt look me in the eyes, came in for 5 minutes told me i was fine and left, 3 years later i am in worse condition then ever and having to scramble to find doctors to help me. Had he started helping me in 2008 instead of thinking i was just a dumb 21 year old i wouldnt be this bad. The staff is rude and short with me and when i called for help in 2011 during a flare up becuase i had no one else to turn to, they promply turned me away and said i quote &quot;he is not even sure he wants to see you anymore&quot; i paid my bill with him and i was on time. He is very rude and so are the staff.  	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	0	I loved Dr Knibbe and his staff. He was very helpful. I always thought he was a KIND and caring doctor. When I first went to him I had regular group insurance through Blue Cross soon after I became disabled and had medicare. I feel he tolerated my insurance because I was a existing  patient. I changed my insurance to AARP and this Doctor dropped me using the excuse I was now out of his network.  AARP-Secure Horizons is not even a HMO it is PPO. I can choose any doctor I want. Knibbe's office was just afraid I MAY not pay. 	5	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	Dr. Knibbe is such a wonderful doctor. He is very good to my daughter and is very good with treating my daughter's arthritis. He cares about his patients and their families.  I would recommend him to anybody!! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	0	I had breast implant replacement a few years ago.  Right after surgery, my breasts were not symmetrical and was told it was normal.  My previous implants were perfectly symmetrical.  I am extremely self-conscious and wish I'd had another doctor perform this surgery that was supposed to impart good self-image and ended up imparting disappointment.  Don't go to this doctor at least for breast surgery. 	4	5	5	1 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	I wanted to comment on the quality of service and the high level of professionalism among Dr. Kramer and his staff.  He came highly recommended by a friend and I was pleased with his level of attention to my needs.  Dr. Kramer, Dawn &amp; Kimm all went out of their way to make me feel comfortable with the procedure, and made sure I had detailed information on aftercare.  I would give Dr. Kramer and his staff the highest marks for punctuality, helpfulness, and knowledge.  I have high expectations have no reservations on recommending Dr. Kramer. 	 9/15/10	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
4	-1	 	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
4	-1	Dr. Kramer & staff will promise the world to get your money.  He told me after surgery that he & the surgery team decided that I had a &quot;young appearance&quot; so he did not do extensive procedure as he & I had agreed upon & for which I paid.  His arrogance was unequaled when I voiced my opinion about the unsatisfactory results.  If you are considering facial plastic surgery by Dr. Jonathan D. Kramer, run, don't walk away from his office! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	Dr. Klippert is very warm and caring.  He has a great heart and listens to his patients...even if it's not relevant, he still spends the time to listen.  He genuinely cares about people and has never made me feel like an outcast.  I have taken responsiblity for my life and my choices in my lifestyle resulting in a healthier and more positive life!  I couldnt have done it without him....  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	1	Of all the doctors and specialists my family visits (and there are A LOT), Dr. Klomp is my favorite.  He's knowledgeable and friendly. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	-1	Blew me off after I had my C-section when I had severe pain, he told me it was normal. It was not my first c-section and I knew it was more pain then normal. After a year of pain I finally had exploratory surgery, the new Doctor found that stitches had herniated. I had a year of misery because they said it was normal and at my 6week checkup instead trying to see what the problem was they told me &quot;sorry&quot; they only treat 6 weeks post and I needed to find a new doctor. 	4	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	. He's amazing!  I trusted him with my baby's and my life! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	Actually Maternal Fetal Medicine (high risk pregnancies). Good doctor, once you get to know him. However, he has a brusque and sometimes distant manner. Has a hard time connecting with his patients. 	2	3	3	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	Dr. Kennedy was very kind to me. He was willing to do most of our appointments on the phone, because of my money situation... and he did not charge me. He helped me as best as he could, but he was not willing to move out of his comfort zone. He did not put me on any medications that he thought would help me.  He also waited 4 years before he decided to send me elsewhere when he could not cure my headaches. I think that is a bit excessive.  One of his nurses was extremely difficult to work with. Almost make it unbearable to call his office.  	1	4	3	4 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
9	1	Caring, knowledgeable physician who gives patients his undivided attention during appointments. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	excellent doctor, very knowledgable and a nice person to boot! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	-1	I saw this man in the ER becasue on lower right abdominal pain. He told me that I had CHRONES!!!! I had my appendix removed in emergency surgery a week later... never see this man! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	-1	I had the same experience as the previous reviewer.  A second Dentist's opinion revealed that I was receiving unnecessary and even harmful treatment. 	3	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
11	-1	This dentist is untruthful in his diagnoses of his patients oral health and repeatedly prescribes very costly, unnecessay treatments. Myself, and several others in the Teton Valley have been subject to his inaccuracies.  		3	1	1 	Insurance:Delta Dental
12	1	Dr. Knudsen was the on-call OB when I gave birth to my first baby. She came in, examined me, then said we'll start the pitocin to speed this along and walked out. That made me very nervous and I ended up having to ask all of my questions to the nurse - luckily she was wonderful. Dr. Knudsen's saving grace though was the actual delivery. She used olive oil to massage my perineum, and she did such a good job that I didn't even tear! Simply amazing, and completely redeemed herself in my eyes. 	4	5	3	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	Dr. Knutson is by far my favorite OB/GYN I've had. I have poly cystic ovaries and shes been nothing but fantastic with me. She is consistently late to see me, but I just decided to make my appts for earlier in the day to avoid that. I've always found her to have great beside manner and a great sense of humor. I initially saw her due to pregnancy. I went in for my appt and found out I had miscarried. She was very caring and kind to me holding my hand while I cried and helping me to get on a plan to get pregnant again. I also LOVE her nurse, Sylvia.  :) 	4	2	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
12	-1	Dr. Knutson cancelled and/or rescheduled 8 of my appointments in the last 8 weeks of my pregnancy her typical answer to my concerns about pain was &quot;ya your pregnant&quot;  she didn't explain why  I had to have an immediate induction, she did not try to follow any of the requests on my birth plan.  She got in and out of my appointments as fast as she could she never asked if I had questions or concerns.  After she started my induction at the hospital she never came back to check on me even though she was just across the street she didn't even take the time to talk me through options.  She passed me off to the on call Doctor that night and told her I was getting petocin without ever discussing it with me She was not at all supportive of an all natural birth. 	4	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
13	0	When I saw Korn, I pre-paid a &quot;package&quot; price for an elective surgery. I didn't have the money to pay for it, so had to put it on a credit card. Three months after the surgery, I received a bill for more than $8,000 from St. Luke's. Korn said it had to be a mistake, and he'd get it straightened out. After two or three more discussions about the problem, he told me he'd sold his practice to St. Luke's, and there was nothing he could do about it. I'm now stuck fighting with St. Luke's, which is a whole additional set of problems, even though I've proven to them I didn't have the money to pay it.  	3	2	2	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	I have thoroughly enjoyed Dr. Kesling and his staff. They make you feel right at home and make each visit as pleasant and painless as possible.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
15	1	Dr. Klemp is the finest optomitrist I have gone too.  He removed a foreign body from my eye and informed me my sight may not be fully restored.  It was 20/20.  Recently, I presented to his office with headaches and partial vision.  He diagnosed a neurological episode and referred me to an neurologist. I was diagnosed with a brain lesion.  I thank him for taking the time for my examination and for his encouragement.  Dr. Klemp and all his office staff give more than the standard of care.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	1	Dr. Klemp is the VERY best I've ever seen. You couldn't ask for a nicer, more helpful doctor. He actually CARES about his patients. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	Dr. Klemp is a great optometrist with the patient's best interest in mind. Great Doctor!! 		4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
16	-1	I have wasted more money then this person is worth.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	Excellent caring and compassionate about her work. Totally dedicated to her patients. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	. Amazing doctors this wonderful are still around!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	1	Dr. Kreuder, with other, diagnose and peform the surgery that save my life in an emergency. He has a great ability to explain about what is going on. He also listens and is easy to talk to. And he has a good sense of humor. I could not have asked for better surgeon or doctor. He is a professional, with humility. Follow-up visit have been great, for he is never in a hurry. Always willing to listen and answer all concern. His patience well being seem to be his concern. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	This doctor works as an emergency room physician. She had a very professional and cheerful personality and it was a pleasure to have her treat me. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	Great service all around! Doc knows his stuff &amp; goes out of his way. Staff is friendly and helpful! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	I tend to ask a lot of questions and he answered them all with a lot of detail and he never made me feel like he was so overbooked that he had to rush off to another patient.  I will go back to him as my new doc. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	He was energetic and enthusiastic. He listens and I did not feel rushed.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
21	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	Dr. Kinney is a very caring, personable doctor.  I really liked him. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	0	I was in for an annual exam and asked her in what ways/methods her patients had been most successful in losing weight and learning to maintain a healthy lifestyle. I got the same generic answer everyone already knows - eat less calories than you consume. I know the mechanics of weight loss, what I was looking for was a support system or methodology that she had personally seen as effective for *her* clients before. I was looking for a health care professional to take an interest in my actual health but I feel as though she really wasn't listening. Basically I felt like just another appointment.  	5	4	2	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
23	0	She is a great doctor I just wish doctors were trained in how to deal with Fibromyalgia and dealing with chronic pain and fatigue. She is right on top of things and does her best to meet my healthcare needs. 	5	5	4	2 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	He was my doctor when I gave birth to my now 6 year old, and now I'm expecting again and he is my doctor, I made sure I came back to him, because he just really seems educated and never takes anything I say for granted, like other doctors. I have a lump on my breast and all the other doctors just ignored it but he insist I get a ultrasound,it's scary enough having a lump and alot more scary when the doctors you see won't talk about it, like it't not there. But anyways he has been great through my pregnancy also his nurse is amazing,I like them both alot. I will continue to go back to him throughout my pregnancy I feel safe with him. I feel like he knows what hes doing.I've had doctors try to give me pelvic exams and take 15 minutes, he is fast and doesn't play the drums with giant q tips like my other doctor while hes giving the exam. Talk about humiliating. He is respectful to me and my body. It's so hard to find a good doctor. Thank you.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	0	I had recieved 2 infections under his care. One after childbirth and another after an IUD placement. He called me crazy when I told him there is something wrong with my body (which there was, had it taken care by another doctor). He is always busy and a little impersonal. Also he could never remember what week I was on when I was pregnant.  	3	3	1	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	This doctor is great!  all of my family goes to him.  I highly recommend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	-1	HORRIBLE!! There are no words to describe how much I despise him and his nurse, Monique. I had been going to Kocemba since I was a small child. After 4 years of not having to go in, I went in for a check up. His nurse is beyond rude. She told me I would gain all of my baby weight back if I did a diet (I didn't) and he acted like he had never seen me before. His nurse also told me that it was normal that I was so tired all the time due to my hypothyroidism and that my medication could not be changed. Kocemba didn't listen to me, insisted I do bunch of tests and refered me to a very expensive specialist. I told them to shove it and went to another doctor for a second opinion. She told me all of his tests were unnessisary and that I did not have to spend more money on going to a specialist. My new doc also changed my medication and told me that no it is not normal to be this tired. Please save your money and time and find another doctor.  I am very disapointed :( 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	-1	I have a real issue with him. I don't think there's enough space for me to vent all my frustrations. I went in on a saturday because I was just calling to talk to the on call doc, but he was there, so they told me to hurry in. I called for thrush(caused from breastfeeding). He did a lot of unnecessary tests, and didn't fix the problem I went in for. And I ended up having to go to a different doctor a week later to get treated correctly. He did a strep test on my daughter because she &quot;seemed more irritable than a normal baby&quot; (I'd woken her from her nap to rush there), and even after the culture showed negative he sent it to labs which cost me extra. He looked at her for maybe 2 minutes and charged $130 for that. Then he started delving into all these random issues, like stomach pain, bowel issues, etc. I have no idea why or how that came up from a thrush issue, but I ended up getting all these test, for nothing.  It cost me about $500 to not even get treated for what I went in for. 	1	3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
25	-1	This doctor was frustrated in trying to find out what was wrong with me.  Over a long period of time his frustration grew and he became rude.  He accused me of drinking alcohol when I had left work to get to my doctor appointment.  I had sprayed perfume on me so I wouldn't smell like I just smoked the ciggarette that I didn.  He said no way and that I was lying.  He was so insistant that I had been drinking and continued to degrade me.  I never went back again. He is very rude 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	I HAVE BEEN GOING TO DR KOCEMBA FOR MANY YEARS.  HE IS VERY DETAILED IN GETTING TO THE SOURCE OF YOUR ISSUE.  HE IS SWEET AND IS A GREAT LISTENER. MY SELF, HUSBAND AND CHILD HAVE A GREAT RELATIONSHIP WITH THE DOCTOR AND HIS STAFF. HE NEVER RUSHS YOU.  HE TAKES ALL THE TIME YOU NEED.  TRY HIM YOU WILL LIKE HIM.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	-1	Personal experience with this doctor was unsatisfactory. The details are irrelevant, but I just know that the relationship I experienced with this doctor was tainted by establishing a general feeling of money over well-being, and lack of trust.  	4	3	2	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
26	1	Dr. Kunz has been my doctor for about 15 years, during which time I've seen him for a variety of conditions. He's the best - very caring, knowledgeable, and sincere. I recommend him to anyone I know who's looking for a good family/general MD.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	1	Dr. Kunz was recommended to me by a friend.  He was very kind, sympathetic and reassuring.  I liked him very much.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	1	Dr Kunz is most helpful talks to you in terms one can understand.Dr Kunz has a great manner.Hes the best.  		3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
27	1	Dr. Kidman did a wonderful job.  I have no complaints about his quality of work - very professional and quality work at a fair price.  His staff are easy to work with when I had questions. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	Dr. Kidman was very professional and knowledgeable. He has a great sense of humor and makes you feel very comfortable while getting your teeth worked on. He lets you decide what you would like to have done once he finds out what services you need. I didn't feel pressured  to get all the dental work done right away,  like I have felt in some other dental offices. If you are looking for a very down to earth dentist that cares and knows what he is doing I would Highly recommed Dr.  Kidman!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	1	Great Doctor!  Very good to explain what he found and provided ample explanation to the options I had.  Let me make the decision instead of just completing the work.  Great billing practices.  Listed all of the expenses out so that I could see them.  I would recommend him to anyone. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	I have nothing but good things to say about Dr. Knouf, he treated me with kindness and even when I had no insurance he saw me, charging - ZERO dollars, then next few times he charged what I could pay until I finally got insurance. He has given me exceptional care when I tried to find a doctor and was having difficulties with finding a doctor that could find out what was wrong, he found out quickly and without tones of unneeded tests that would have costs me hundreds even thousands of dollars he made sure to run only tests that I needed and thus helping me for a reasonable amount of costs. :-) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	Dr. Knouf has always been extremely helpful with me. He has helped me with all of my health concerns and I have never had to 'plead my case' as I have with other doctors. I am so grateful that I have found such a nice doctor.  Thank you! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
28	-1	Very hot-headed doctor! Yelled at me and told me to go elsewhere because I did not want to begin Methadone treatments for chronic pain. I have spoken with two other individuals who have seen him and was informed that he also wanted them to begin taking Methadone verses Vicodon. This man was yelling so loudly at me that my seven year old son was holding his hands over his ears! It is my belief that something is seriously wrong with this guy. I found it interesting that when I met him my right arm and left leg were both casted due to a fall and he did not ask why or inquire what had happened. My blood pressure was also recorded around 90 over 60 and he failed to mention it, all he could do was tell me how damn (yes he swore at me) angry he was because I didn't take the Methodone, this was even after I told him it had made me throw up.  Do not waste your time or health concerns with this quack! 	2	4	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
29	1	he is the BEST dr ever to deliver my 3 kids and also me and my sisters. i would recommend him to everyone. he was very helpful with my last one and me having extreme pulmonary embolism.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
29	1	Dr Kattenhorn delivered my nephew, little brother and my sons. In addition, Dr Kattenhorn saved my life by being proactive and recognizing a large mass on my ovary. Surgery recovery was smooth. Then i also had to have an emergency hysterectomy when masses were found on my uterus. He has always been a great dr to me. I thank him for saving my life! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	0	I have very mixed feelings about Dr. Kattenhorn.  I think he is just spread too thin. He is knowledgable, but doesn't offer up information. You have to ask him questions in order to get anything out of him regarding pregnancy. I was a first time mom, and I learned most everything from the internet. He never told me ANYTHING regarding pregnancy. Just checked in on me every couple of weeks. I only got one ultrasound even once my uterus started measuring 3-4 weeks ahead. He would attribute it to a &quot;large baby,&quot; or possibly &quot;too much fluid,&quot; but never did an u/s to check. It made me feel really uneasy.  He ended up giving me a c/s after failure to progress, and a year later I had developed a pain in my ovary area, I went in and he said I had large cysts. I had dermoid cysts. When I asked him how long he thought they'd been there, he said they must have grown really fast. I got my medical records from my labor and found out that he had seen them during my c/s and he never told me. 	4	2	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
29	-1	I originally posted glowing remarks for this doctor but unfortunately I feel the need to amend what I said.  When I went back to have a follow up after surgery, he was incredibly rude, and his nurse was terrible.  I explained to her that I was still having terrible pain after a surgery, and when she was in the hall I could HEAR her tell the doctor &quot;I don't even know why she is here, it's a waste of time&quot;.  WHAT&#63;!&#63;!  Talk about making me feel aweful!  Dr Kattenhorn was rude and rushed so I went to my regular family doctor for a second opinion.  Guess what&#63;  I had a really bad infection that ended up settling in most all of my pelvic area because I had been ignored by Kattenhorns office for so long.  Everytime I called to ask a question about the pain I was in, they treated me like I was just trying to get more pain meds.  I kept telling him I had had this surgery before and I knew something was wrong and he would not listen to me.  STAY AWAY! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	HE has been the best doctor all the way around for me. He has delivered all 3 of my kids and most of my surgeries. He also delivered 3 of my nieces/nephews...  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
29	-1	Dr Kattenhorn has been the worst OB I have ever experienced.  NEVER asks my permission to include interns during office visit, NEVER explains or warns me about what he is doing or is about to do during procedures, swabbed my urethra instead of my cervix during strep b test (then embarrassed my husband and I in front of intern by chuckling and stating I must be a &quot;Qtip-sized&quot; girl because that test should not hurt) causing severe pain as well as burning and blood during urination over the next 24 hours.  Overall, I despise this doctor. 	3	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
29	-1	This was by FAR the WORST doctor I've ever had the displeasure of seeing. He was my first OB and now that I've been to a couple different ones, I understand that how he does his exams are questionable. Kattenhorn would take 7-8 minutes to do what other OBs have done in 2-3 minutes. He has a collage on his ceiling above the exam table of various attractive male celebrities and cut-outs from magazines of words that say things like, &quot;do you love me&#63;&quot; and &quot;hot.&quot;  He performed an operation on my cervix to remove cancerous cells and did not wear gloves. That was the last straw for me and I left his practice to search out a new OB. I wish I hadn't waited so long to switch. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	Dr Kattenhorn in now my regular Doctor. In 1991 he was on call for my regular Doctor. Dr Kattenhorn deliviered my first baby. His associate Dr St Clair was my Doctor at the time and was on vacation. We had a wonderful experience with him. He is a wonderful Doctor and Teacher. He asked our permission to alow students (both Nurse & Doctor students) in our delivery room. We were happy to let the students observe and learn. How else are they going to learn&#63; Why not let them observe before they are in practice&#63; My delivery was difficult. My baby had gotten stuck on my tailbone and her life was in danger. Dr Kattenhorn was able to save her with the use of forcepts. With his many years of experience I was confident with his methods. Dr St Clair has retired and Dr Kattenhorn is now my regular Doctor.  I feel blessed to be in the care of Dr Kattenhorn and his associates!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	1	Dr. Kattenhorn is wonderful! I went to see him because I have endometriosis and alot of pain. My husband and I are also trying to conceive and have not been able to. Dr. Kattenhorn took the time to listen to everything I had to say and was very empathetic and kind. He gave me all options and made sure we only did what I was comfortable with. I am incredibly impressed with him and how thorough he is. Because of my endo, I have been to many obgyn's and I am so glad I found him! Plus as a fun side note, he was the doctor who delivered my husband 25 years ago!!! When I told him that, he was really excited.  I would recommend this doctor to anyone! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
29	1	I really like Dr. Kattenhorn. He delivered my first baby and was fabulous. He is easy to talk to and very to the point. The only problem is the wait time for appointments. He always seemed to be running behind.  I will definatley keep using him for my OB/GYN 		3	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	-1	DR. WAS AN &quot;ASSOCIATE&quot; OF MY REGULAR O/B. I GOT THE &quot;HONOR&quot; OF ALMOST BEING FORCED INTO A SITUATION USING FORCEPS TO DELIVER MY BABY (WHO WAS NOT IN DISTRESS) BECAUSE HE HAD ANOTHER PATIENT ABOUT TO DELIVER IN A NEARBY CITY. THANKFULLY MY HUSBAND WAS ABLE TO TALK HIM INTO ALLOWING ME TO PUSH ON MY OWN FOR A LITTLE WHILE LONGER...I HAD ONLY BEEN &quot;PUSHING&quot; FOR 10 MINUTES AT THIS POINT. HE ASKED THAT I PUSH MY BABY OUT AT ONLY 8CM OF DILATION AND COULD HAVE SWELLED THE CERVIX. MY OPINION IS THAT HE IS SPREAD WAY TOO THIN. I WAS ALSO VERY UPSET THAT AT THE LAST MINUTE HE CALLED IN A &quot;LIFE FLIGHT&quot; STUDENT TO &quot;WATCH&quot; THE SPORT OF GIVING BIRTH. HE DIDN'T ASK MY PERMISSION AT ALL! AFTER THE BABY BEGUN TO CROWN, THE DOCTOR ALMOST DROPPED HER! AND THEN TOLD THE LIFE FLIGHT STUDENT THAT IT WAS 'TYPICAL' FOR NEWBORNS 2 BE SLIPPERY WHEN THE MOTHER HAS NOT HAD MEDICAITON DURING BIRTH&#63;&#63;&#63;CHANGED PRACTICES COMPLETELY IN HOPES THAT I NEVER HAVE ANOTHER ENCOUNTER WITH THIS DOCTOR.  		4	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	1	Great Doctor! Very down to earth and personable.  Have used him with my last three kids and couldn't be happier! I hope he doesn't retire for a very long time! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
30	1	Caring doctor.  Got results quickly.  Very knowledgeable.  Worked on me and my kids.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
30	1	Overall a good Chiropractor. Friendly staff and his techniques are effective. 	3	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
31	-1	This Doctor is very Unpolite, he works for Insurance Companies that pay him very good so he can say that people that is Injured are doing very good, that the people is liying about their Injuries so he can save Insurances money and they can use him a lot, he is a very dishonest Person.  	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Banner Health
32	-1	Is it not standard that when you see a new Dentist, they introduce themselves to you&#63;  This one barely acknowledge me.  Staff and dentist not good with children.  Very rough and abrasive.  Recommended root canal on a 5 year olds baby tooth.  Will NOT being going back to that office. 	1	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	My kids and I realy liked Dr. Kellbach. She seems down to earth, and took time to listern to our concerns. She is more gentle than my prior dentist. I would recommend her to everbody. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
33	-1	Will never go back! After waiting for 2 hrs (with other patients!), got blown off by doc and made me feel like wasting his time. No prescription! Decided to get a second opinion to a different ophthalmologist &amp; got diagnosed w/serious infection in one eye which had started to carry over to other eye.  Walked out of that place with a prescription for antibiotics and a treatment plan. 	5	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
34	0	O.K. 	3	2	3	2 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	Best doctor you will find.  He takes the time, explains everything and rarely has a wait time.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
35	1	Dr. Kaylor has been our family doctor for 3 years.  After moving out of area, we still go to him.  He is worth the drive, and our kids love him as well.   Great staff too! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	1	I went with my husband yesterday to Dr. Kaylor for his new patient first time visit.  Both Dr. Kaylor, his staff, and the front desk staff were very friendly and personable - which is a huge consideration for me.  Dr. Kaylor also considerably knows what he's talking about without coming across higher than thou - none whatsoever.  Blood test results came back LIGHTNING FAST (we got a call back on them TODAY!)!!  I would recommend choosing him as your PCP without hesitation!  :)  PLUS, when you walk in the door before even entering the main area they have a table set up with swine flu info, antiseptic hand wipes and free cloth face masks.   Top notch!  Oh, and we got right in - no waiting at all!!  And it was just for a physical!!  Nice!!  :) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	1	This doctor is one of the very best in the valley. He has the greatest personality and knows his stuff! You would be crazy not to choose him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	Very personable. Will take the time to listen to all your concerns / symptoms.  Easy to talk with and highly recommended.  Only issue is that he does get behind on his appointments, because of the extra time spent with patients.  The staff has done a excellent job as well answering questions & giving recommendations to minimize costs / maximize insurance coverage.  	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	1	Great MD, explains things well, makes patient feel GOOD about care. 		5	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	Very friendly. Always has time to answer your questions. Excellent bedside manner. Works towards your best benefit.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
38	1	Very detail oriented. Would recommend without hesitation. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	A great physician who was very helpful and helping me get back to work. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	Dr.Kadyan is by far the best around. I have 6 year old twins that are disabled and he has gone above and beyond to help us. He personally calls us numerous times after procedures. He explains every step and is compassionate. The staff is awesome and provides a direct cell number to contact them as well. There is no leaving a message, waiting around, or wondering. We deal with doctors and therapists daily and he has gained our trust 100%.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
38	1	Very caring and spent lots of time with me. I would recommend him with no reservations...staff was great too. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
38	-1	. he only cares about money not the person he is ripping off 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Coventry
39	1	Dr. Kevin Krafft is an outstanding doctor, but he really stands out amongst health care providers for his kindness and his genuine concern for his patients' well being.     His specialty is physical rehabilitation, but he never loses sight of the fact that what he is really doing is helping people retain their dignity, regain as much control over their lives as possible and improve the quality of those lives.   Through decades of dealing with doctors, PAs, Nurse practioners, nurses, therapists, hospital staff, etc., Dr. Krafft will forever hold a special place in our hearts.  He really did change our lives for the better.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	1	Dr. Kepler is very friendly and always greets you with a smile!  She will do all that she can to help ease your pain and will not try anything new without first explaining what she will be doing and how it will help.  I would highly recommend her to anyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
41	1	Dr. King delivered my 2 kids.  She is wonderful!!  She is really patient and always took time to listen, especially when I was a first time mom and had lots of questions.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
41	-1	Rectocycele & cystocele repair done poorly and had to be redone in 8 months.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
