dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	-1	Condescending attitude.  Tries to help the best way he thinks he can. 	5	5	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	Steven Lofgran is kind and he truly listened to you and believes what you are saying.  He doesn't half listen then make his own unrelated assessment.  He has a sense of humor and is a happy person.  He is very professional and if you don't understand something, he takes the time to help you understand.  He is a great diagnostician and he knows his stuff.  if he doesn't know he will do all he can to find out.  Furthermore, he is humble. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	-1	Not very helpful overall. To quick to make diagnosis and decisions before running tests of any kind or recomeding any specialists that could better assist with patient needs. Tended to get argumentative when opions where challanged and insisted with mental disorders, again before any test could be run. Would defiantly not recomend.  	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	Tops in his field, very personable and up-front about entire options and procedure. Highly recommended!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	We really liked Dr. Lynch A LOT, so did our son.  We were very sad to see her leave our area.  It's not often that you find a doctor you feel that comfortable with and relate so well to on a personal level- I'd highly recommend her, you'd be lucky to have her.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	1	Dr. Lair is very proactive with medical issues.  She is the best family doctor I've had in years and I would highly recommend her.  My husband and I feel very fortunate to have found her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	-1	The nurse was not even 30 seconds into getting my vitals and a lady approached the nurse and I. The lady stated, we only scheduled a specific amount of time to see you and there is no time for vitals! The Lady asked if I wanted to reschedule&#63; I asked if my paperwork was. The lady said,&quot;I do not know,I am an internast not a specialist,so I don't know what I can do for you!&quot; The lady was Dr. Lair! I never seen her prior, nor did she know why I was there.The Dr. came in the exam room and began talking to me asked if I had seen a rhuemetoid Dr. I said seeing the Rhuemetoid Dr. wasn't good because she refused to look at my blood test results. The Dr Lair yelled and said she wouldn't stand for me talking about another Dr. I walked out.Anyone representing a business, medical or not, should not tell a patient or customer they don't know if they can help them &#63; and without even knowing why the patient is there.  The Dr asked if I wanted to reschule before I was even seen or had my vitals! 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	-1	She did not listen and/or did not care about what I was saying. I got a letter that she was moving out of state. I won't miss her. I deeply resent doctors that blow off patients concerns. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	Dr. Lair is the most awesome doctor ever! She spent an hour and a half with my husband and I just gathering our health history and getting to know us. She seemed very interested in us and took the time to look into each and every one of our health concerns. She ordered labs to get a baseline and asked if there were any labs we wanted to get and even ordered labs that I would have never thought to order that corresponded with our concerns. Very easy to talk to and made us very comfortable! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	-1	Several times this &quot;dr&quot; overbill my insurance company saying extended time when she only saw me less than 10 minutes.  Also, read my mammogram and said I had &quot;breast cancer&quot; handled me a booklet and said &quot;I love to talk to you longer but I have an appointment.&quot;  It was 11:55 a.m. so I figured her appointment was with a sandwich.... dropped her! 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Pacificare
6	1	She is the best doctor I've ever had.  She really cares about her patients and is well informed about the latest treatments for all conditions and refers patients to outstanding specialists.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
6	1	Dr Lair asks questions and actually listens to my response.  She also explains things in detail.  I don't see her frequently, because my health is good, but the office is convenient, appointments are extremely efficient, and I've never had to wait more than a couple of minutes past my appointment time to get in, and don't wait more than a couple of minutes in the examining room, or for labwork, or even x-ray.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
6	-1	She sent pharmacy wrong perscription for me, when pharmacy called back to get correct meds, she claimed she did not know who I was, two days later her office called with the correct meds.  I had been a patient for 3 years.  6 months later, same thing, this time she said she knew me, but had not seen me in 2 years.  But 2 hours later her office called in correct meds. 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
6	-1	This doctor said I was not nice enough to her.  She kept telling me to come back for another appointment to have a mole removed, when I did, she said to make another appointment, when I did again, she said I was only scheduled for 15 minutes, I will have to come back again, and again I came back, then she told me I would have to be referred to another specialist, however she would not refer me, and said I complain too much and they just can't keep me happy and asked me to make another appointment. I felt like she just wanted the money, and did not want to treat the person. 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	I had multiple complicated issues and had to have my foot completely remodeled.  He is meticulous. He listens, he even notice when I was starting to feel blue. I have had health issues since I was a child. I have been to many, many doctors.  This one is exceptional.  I have had to wait; I have also been worked in when something came up, and due to my injury been late. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	-1	Typical wait, 1.5 hours before being seen. When brought to his attention, he claims &quot;foot emergencies&quot;.  I say, everytime&#63;  How many foot emergencies can there be&#63;   Getting a new doctor.  	2	1	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	1	Dr. Leach is indeed a great physician. He is an extremely knowledgeable ophthalmologist. He's very patient - not only am I one of his patients, but my father was his patient. My father had dementia and Dr. Leach treated him well and listened to all of his stories - even though it meant spending more time with him.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	1	Dr. Leach was wonderful in the way he treated our daughter. It was very unsual to have a 7 year old with cataracts and he made our experience as stress free as is could be, under the circumstances. My daughter had complete trust in him and made it through both surgeries beautifuly. My daughter now has sight she had never had before. Dr. Leach is a Godly man with great integrity. There is not anything more important to have in a doctor. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	Dr. Leach is truly exceptional and caring. He's got a great sense of humor and extraordinary expertise as a surgeon. My eye surgery was flawless, painless and the results exceeded my expectations! I was told by another surgeon in Seattle (who examined my eyes months after my surgery by Dr. Leach) that he's never seen better surgery than what Dr. Leach did for my eyes. If you want a caring ophthalmologist (I hope i spelled that right!) who listens carefully and has your best interests in mind, look no further than Dr. Leach.  I literally owe my eyes to him! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	I've been to Dr. Larsen twice now and feel he very knowledgeable and I will be a return customer.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	0	Dr. Larsen came to us from Canada, I feel that it was due to profit, as Canada sets doctor fees under it's socialist medical program. He seems to be very professional and I have no complaints about his skills other than his attiude, it could use some adjustments, he comes across as he is Gods gift to the medical practice. He seems to be well liked by the nursing staff at one of the local hospitals. I think I may have been one of his first patients when he arrived here and at that time his ego wasn't sky high. I rated him really according to his skill and very very little on his bedside manor.  	4	5	2	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	1	Dr Bev is the most knowledgeable and compassionate doctor I have ever seen. You could not ask for a better ally for maintaining your health.  She is always up to speed on the current studies and medications specific to women's health issues.She continually gives cutting edge feedback about your concerns and she really listens to you and gives pertinent information to help you improve. She is a stong advocate of preventative behavior like getting enough sleep, excercise, nutrition, etc without being preach-y. One of my ailments did not seem to follow the rules and Dr Bev went out of her way to seek advice from a colleague to find answers for me. She also suggested accupuncture for a chronic condition, and it worked! Most MDs would never suggest alternative medicine! As a patient of Dr Bev's I always feel like she would give me all the time and attentiveness I need from her.  I could not ask for more than that from my doctor! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	1	Dr Bev is very attentive to her patients needs and does not rush to judgement or diagnosis.She rocks! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	I've been seeing Dr. Lewer for 20-25 years and have always been very satisfied with his knowledge and advice.  He asks the right questions to help determine the problem. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	Dr Lewer is GREAT.  He was very personable with my son (10).  I will take all 3 of my kids and myself to see him from know on. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	-1	I asked him for birth control pills to help with PMS and he yelled at me about not having sex before marriage! I couldn't believe it. 	4	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Lewer for years. He is a very thorough, kind,  and understanding doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	-1	Staff is terrible, especially the woman in charge of billing. I always dreaded having to call for ANY reason, and wanted to get my visit over as soon as possible.  	1	3	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	-1	Stay away from this facility, fraud at best, no qualified to sweep floors. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
13	-1	Horrible nurse, took my vitales twice, no personality, just like a factory in and out, was very late, no explanation. Stay away from Primary Health bad healthcare.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	0	Dr. Lyons did not show up to the appointment, waited 30 min in the exam room, the nurse did not check up on me, or even telling me that he was going to be late, when I told the nurse to find him she just looked at me. I left 5 min later. No service was rendered and I was charged. I complained about him to PH, he then had his clinical administrator write me a letter saying that the Dr Lyons withdrew his service because I did not go to my follow up appointments, I did go, he did not show up. I had only three visits ( the fourth one he never showed up to) in a 30 day period. During the three times I saw Dr. Lyons he concluded to his CAdmin that I was not interested in my health, and I was not his patient. He must have misunderstood, I was firing him when I walked out of the Primary Health office after he stood me up, not the other way around. Dr. Lyons you must have a very selective memory, maybe you need services. 	1	1	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
13	-1	Is not thorough enough in physical exams and has poor communication skills 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	Outstanding patient understanding, always willing to go the extra mile for you, very professional.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	Very nice.  Always able to been seen when needed.  	5	5	5	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	Fast, effective diagnosis; surgical procedure ended in full recovery of knee function.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
15	1	I had problems with my knee for nearly two years.  Multiple x-rays, MRI's, arthroscopy, injections and several Doctors.  Dr. Lyman was the first Doc that made it absolutely clear to me what the issue was and that TKR was the right solution. The surgery went well, Thompson Peak is a great hospital and four weeks after the surgery (with some aggressive PT) I had excellent mobility.  I'm at 8 weeks now and taking brisk, one hour plus walks through the desert with the dogs.  No pain. Very pleased and have felt excellent communication with Dr. Lyman throughout.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
15	1	This was my fourth surgery and fourth different doctor trying to resolve a knee issue that has lingered for 33 years. I have to say I was extremely happy with the office staff and their caring attitude. I was able to discuss my concerns with Dr. Lyman and he addressed all questions with no rush to move to the next appointment until we were through. Follow ups were just as complete. Overall results are fantastic, after 33 years of trying different doctors and therapies I am now 11+ weeks out since surgery and pain free. Dr. Lyman has given me the opportunity to volunteer with local law enforcement that I otherwise would not have been able to do.    Thank you Dr.  Lyman and Staff!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
15	1	Dr Lyman is the best. I was very afraid to get a knee replacement but after my initial visit, Dr Lyman explained his procedure &amp; had me watch a video. I left his office feeling I had made the right decision. I had my surgery on Dec 7, 2010 &amp; was back to work on Jan 26, 2011!!! The left knee will be replaced in the near future.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
15	1	I have hurt for years Dr. Lyman took this away with a few hours of knee replacement. The day of surgery I was walking with so little pain it was hard to beleive. Dr. lyman will really never know how much he  changed my life me. Dr lyman even checked on my progress will on christmas. He talked to me and looked at  my knee on vidio in his office. This dr. took time out of his little time off to talk and examine me. His staff could have easly done this. Dr. Lyman is proud of what he does and he should be he has change the rest of my life from 9 wks ago. I will take any of my family to him if needed.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	1	4 weeks ago I had a revision of my ACL and a repair/clean up of some cartilage.  I have been very pleased with my recovery.  I was up and active withing a day or 2.   I look forward to resuming my running soon 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	1	I am very pleased with the knee replacement surgery preformed by Dr. Lyman; and even more pleased with his post-surgery follow-up. His sincere interest and concern for my recovery progress was especially impressive.  I would strongly recommend Dr. Lyman to anyone needing knee replacement surgery.  Dr. Lyman's assistants and staff are also top of the line.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	Dr. Bryan Lamb is a superb dentist. Evaluation, execution, and delivery should be a benchmark for all dentists. Maybe his true calling should be that of educating future dentists.  He is a throw back to a time of true patient care.  Very personable, directly calling you (not a assistant) and performing a follow up review post appointment.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
16	1	Dr. Bryan Lamb is THEE BEST dentist I have ever been to!! He has such carisma! What a bubbly, fun, radiant,& caring personality he has! You just fall in luv with him! His staff is sooo nice! They all LUV to hold my baby as get my teeth cleaned! AH! What a wondeful atmosphere too. You'll leave with a smile on your face. I'd rate Dr. Lamb a big 10 if I could!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	I personally have enjoyed Dr. Lovell as my OBGYN. He was very helpful and answered all my questions, very straight and to the point, no beating around the bush. I haven't delivered yet (4 more weeks), but so far for all of my prenatal care he's been great.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
17	1	Great doctor! I've had 5 babies using this doctor and he's always been great. The staff is amazing and works hard to know all their patients by name and face. As with alot of doctors, the office sometimes runs behind schedule, but it's not usually too long of a wait. I've been really grateful for such a great doctor.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	Dr. Lovell is a wonderful man. He is very calm and takes good care of his patients. His staff is also wonderful. Dr. Lovell has a lot of experience and it shows. Great Doctor!!! Wish I lived closer so I could use him for my 2nd baby.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	0	Staff gave me a flu shot when i got pregnant, but didnt read any paper work when i said its previously gave me a bad reaction, i could have died and they wouldnt care. Dr. sent my emergency medication to the wrong place and i couldnt get it for a long time. Seems just lazy and indifferent. Go somewhere else.  	4	2	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	-1	Horrible doctor.  The midwives who work with him are wonderful, however he stinks.  He completely botched my surgery which was supposed to repair pelvic prolapse.  I had to go to another doctor in Idaho Falls in order to have the HUGE problem fixed.  He refused to write off any of the amount I owed him because he claimed he didn't do anything wrong.  Well I can tell you, he didn't do anything RIGHT regarding the surgery.  He even used procedures that have been outdated for the better part of a decade.  If I'd have known how horrible he was compared to his midwife staff, I never would have gone to him.  SO much pain that wasn't needed.  He even tried to repair part of the botched surgery IN OFFICE, WITH NO ANESTHESIA.  I nearly passed out.  Did he care&#63;  Nope.  He was just looking to get me out of his office as soon as possible.  He did not explain any of the risks of the surgery.  Turns out, he had NEVER performed the surgery on someone as young as my age (22). 	5	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	Didn't have much choice when I first saw him in 2005, but I like him a lot compared to the others in the area.  So I'm back at his office now, but will probably stick with some of his staff more than him.  He seemed a little impersonal when I first saw him for an emergency D&C;, and started the surgery without any sort of pain medication.  	3	5	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	We had a great experience with him. he was quick and prompt and had a good attitude.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	-1	If you didn't believe in malpractice lawsuits before you met this guy, you will when he is finished with you. Perfect match of arrogance and incompetence.  Stay Away! 		3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	1	He is an amazing dr that made me feel so relaxed and comfortable around him from my very first apt I had with him, I would recommend dr.lowder to anyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	1	I have loved Dr. Lowder!  At my first appointment (first baby, just moved here) he was very personable, and made my husband and me very comfortable.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	1	I love Dr. Lowder and all his staff.  He has been great at answering questions and making me feel good, even when I seem to come to him with what could be insignificant matters/issues.  The office staff is great; very helpful in every situation.  I am pregnant with my third baby; he delivered my second baby (I switched to Dr. Lowder after a bad experience with the doctor that delivered my first child).  I actually feel like Dr. Lowder cares about me as a person AND a patient.  I would recommend Dr. Lowder to anyone, and I do recommend him to all my friends or anyone I meet looking for an OB.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	-1	I've been with Dr. Lindstrom for abour 7 months and I've only had about 3 appointments in that time and every single time I left there I was in tears because she has was so forceful and rude...She really didnt listen to anything I had to say, if I could ever get a word in. It was as if I was just another number.  Horrible, horrible, and may I say again horrible!! Save your money and find a doctor that ACTUALLY CARES!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	After reading other posted comments about J. Adele Lindstrom, M.D., I was compelled to address the matter.  One may at first blush get a very negative opinion of Dr. Lindstrom's medical practice.  However, further analysis appears to reveal underlying situations in each synopsis.  Dr. Lindstrom is well trained in the medical field and remains abreast of current medical practices.  It is my experience that she reviews a patient's file before each visit and minimizes both her and the patient's time by asking pertinent questions.  She possesses excellent diagnostic proficiency and prescribes correct treatment.  My wife and I are very pleased and proud to proclaim Dr. Lindstrom our family physician.   We entrust her with our most valuable asset, our health 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	-1	Any one foolish enough to go to her will have the ride of the life.  No eye contact..doesn't listen...treats you like meat..or should I say a pay check..I think that's all that matters...she billed medicare twice for both me and my husband when they occured and then a year later.  VERY strange woman.  I think she needs a doctor...  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Medicare
19	-1	I would not rate the doctor with in grade of satisfaction of carring. The staff should not be blamed following the lead and direction of the doctor. I would not reccomned this docotor to my worst enemy. She is crazy and only cares about money and herself. The staff and nurse should not be ridiculed for the way the doctor manages her practice. 	5	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
19	-1	This woman should NOT have been a doctor. She was rude and after $.  You dare not discuss anything but one issue. If you have another, make another appt she said.  She was late and rude.  	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	-1	She was rude to me would not give me needed medication. Charge me with a bill and then charged my insurance company as well. Treated me like a second class citizen. Making personal remarks about my physical appearance. Due to the fact I was very ill I went to this doctor because she stated in the Coeur d Alene Press she was desperate for new patients. I assumed she would be grateful she had some new patients. Well I can see why everyone who has met her says the same thing. Wants her out of town as soon as possible. She never looked me in the face. She never gave me medication, she was very unprofessional and rude along with her staff. They laughed and stared and never even answered the phone when it rang. and even locked the doors once my faily and I got in. My husband thought it was really old and my kids were scared to death of her so was I.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	-1	This Dr. needs a mental evaluation, she is not right! What Dr. doesnt make eye contact and looks at the wall when she didnt ask me questions she drilled me and accused me and made out something that wasnt even true..and i cant believe that my insurance company has to pay for this 5-10min of ludacris excuse for a dr. She was not helpful,didnt listen to me, told me to not talk aout my grandma(hello family health history). she was unethical,judgemental,and asked questions unrelated to why i was there and did respond to why i told her i was there. I sincerely think this woman needs a psychological evaluation im not sure what kind of drugs she is on or her mental..she is off the chart no respectable Dr. this lady was dictorial told me to stop talking i felt id l'd landed in another planet with her and her staff, her receptionist was rude, the large lad(HEIDI)that just took my bp was very weird rude and assinine,the dr.was extremely wierd and strange and wasted my time&money;, i left crying.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	0	Dr Lindstrom does not listen to what you have to say and cuts you off even when answering her questions. Only through the efforts of other health providers was I able to get my situation resolved, after I had to demand tests and referrals from her. 	2	4	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
19	-1	Arrogant to the point of placing my wife in danger  and then denying responsibility.. Wants only dictate and not listen....She won't look you in the eye...Weird ....Glad to be out of harm's way. 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	Let me say this....I think she gives excellent care as long as you only want to listen.  She does NOT make eye contact which is extremely irritating. She doesn't accept that you have domain over your body or care.  She is frankly dictatorial....NO give and take.   There was a grave mistake made by one of her staff and rather than listen to the patient. She said she didn't care what happened.  She is overprotective of personnell who hold people's lives in their hands and fails to behave ojectively. It's easy to get an appointment becasue there is rarely anyone there...I wonder why&#63; 	2	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	My aunt was seeing another doctor who wasn't doing anything for her she was bent almost double and interrible pain. Dr. Lindstrom saw her diagnosed the problem, wrote a letter to her private physician requesting she treat the problem my aunt had.  That doctor finally after months of agony by my aunt steped up and did what she should have done in the first place.  I feel Dr Lindstrom is an excellant, caring physician who does her best for each of her patients. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	-1	my mother and father were both patients of dr. lindstrom.my mother was in a nursing home for a short stay,she suffer from dementia.i believe to this day that lindstrom helped my mother pass away.she made a special trip to the nursing home with a shot of medicine my mother had never taken.even the nurse on duty was surprised that she showed up.she passed away a week later.there was something very wrong with this situtation.i think she gave her chrolhydrate it leads to pneumonia,with death within a week.this woman should be behind bars.my family was also told my a nurse that this doctors was not any good and to look elsewhere.my father committed suicide a week later.stay away! 	 10/31/09	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	Dr Lindstrom doesn't make great eye contact, however I have a much different experience than the other two ratings.  She listened to be in great detail and offered a real solution.  I found her to be friendly, professional and best of all I wasn't waiting around for 20 mins... they get me right in every time.  I've been seeing her for 2 years now and would recommend her.  She is straight forward, she wants facts about the problem at hand but I also respect not beating around the bush when it comes to my medical health. 	4	5	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
19	-1	This doctor would not make eye contact with me at all. She dressed inappropriately, miniskirt and no stockings, very unprofessional. She was rude, would not let me fully explain why I was there. I have suffered depression most of my adult life part of which is due to raising (alone)  a difficult child with autism. When I tried to explain to her some of the issues with him that have created extreme stress for me she snapped that she didn't care about him and did not want to talk about him. At the time I was disabled with arthritis and could barely walk and in a lot of pain. She told me she was not going to help me stay on disability and made reference to &quot;people like you that sponge off the system&quot;. I worked hard all my life and paid into the SSDI program and unfortunately had to use it. She also told me that she was not going to do anything for me for my pain. (I have since had hip replacements) I left there feeling like she had a serious mental condition.  I would not recommend her! 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
19	-1	Dr Lindstrom would not make eye contact at any time during the first meeting. She told me she could not help me with such limited resources since I did not have health insurance. She poked my abdomin and gave me a perscription for stool softeners stating I was apparently constipated from not eating properly. They made me very sick, shakey, light headed and now I have severe pain on my left and right side to the point that I can't stand upright. Even though she is accepting new patients she made it very clear to me that she does not welcome patients with no insurance. At one point when I was explaining how I was feeling she snapped at me to not tell her what I think is wrong and just answer her questions. My appointment was at 10:15 but she did not assist me until approximately 11:15 (I sat in a very stuffy warm exam room) and was done at 11:30. $127.00 for 15 minutes and a complete waste of my time. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	Outstanding.  Very good office help and environment.  Not overly aggressive with treatment to try and get a lot of $ from you.  Very caring.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	-1	I was medically retired from an on the job law enforcement injury.  I went to see him and was REFUSED, seem the good doctor can’t be bothered by workers comp cases.  Some hippocratic oath follower. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
21	0	I had neck surgery from DR Little in 2006, everything was and still is great.  I had lower back surgery from him in 2008, again all went well.  Now I have another lower back disc gone bad and wanted to see Dr Little to find out that he not longer supports the military and will not see Tricare patients.  This is upsetting and extremely disappointing.  I do believe he is a great surgeon but unfortunately he no longer cares about miltary patients, even those of us that are prior paitents.  I have called his office five times asking him to call me so that I could speak with him about referall to another doctor that does support the military and he has yet to return my calls.  	1	1	1	4 	Insurance:Tricare
21	1	dr little does the best work in correcting other dr's mistakes. you could not ask for a better  dr that know what he is doing. he has made a differents in my health. it wasn't for him, i would not be hear today. i was in so much pain. what a wonderful dr. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	If you are looking for an extremely competent surgeon, then look no further.  In one visit, he looked at my MRIs, knew what was wrong and how to fix it as much as it could be fixed.  He is no nonsense and  to the point which I like.  He is a very busy man and doesn't waste his time or mine.  As a surgeon, I believe he is fantastic.  In the hospital, he  or an associate would visit me often, and when I had trouble,he was there, a strong advocate for me.  If you need a lot of hand holding or a nanny, Dr. Little isn't for you.  But if you want a straight forward, honest assessment, and a very good surgeon, then look no further than Dr. Little.  I highly recommend him. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	0	Dr. Little was recommended to me.  The surgery seemed to go well and according to Dr. Little my back surgery went well.  HOWEVER - it has been four months and I have been in constant nerve pain.  Since surgery I have been dealing with his PA's.  Their answer to the pain was to continue to take more and more narcotic drugs.  These drugs and this pain have caused me major depression.  Now, Dr. Little's answer to that is to see a psychologist who can recommend even more drugs for the depression.  I don't feel this is an answer.  I do understand that the nerve will (should) heal itself in time.  Why was I not told about his possibility prior to surgery&#63;  During my last visit I spoke to Dr. Little and his assistant relaying detailed information as to my symptoms.  I was told that I am now addicted to one of the drugs he prescribed.  I am currently doing my best to get off of the narcotics.  This has been a very tough 4 1/2 months with little or no concern by Dr. Little.  	4	3	1	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	GREAT Dr.!!! Cervical spine fusion was wonderful in all respects. Great result.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	Magnificent physician and surgeon!  He really listens to the patient and takes whatever time he needs to understand the problem presented and fix it.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	-1	I was brought in with a mass on my brain, where I had two open brain surgeries and no answers at all. When I would ask, he would tell me that he was speaking and if I would let him speak he might get to the answer. So I did, and no answers! Not until I said I was going to get a lawyer did I find out that the mass was a stroke. He was no help at all and if he finds out you have no insurance good luck getting ANY help at all. You are no longer a humane or patient in his eyes. I would not recommend him to anyone. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	He was really behind, but worth the wait. Explains things so its easy to understand.  I had a great experience! 	5	1	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	-1	So here is the deal. may of 2007 dr little installed a pain pump in me. between may and november he had opperated on me 4 times because my dura keeped leaking not only spinal fluid but also leathal levels of medications.  by the time he was done I had to hire another doc to fix me. I had a hole so big that they had to do a musle graf to seal the spinal leak and i ended up with a 2 level fusion. well in all total I have had 6 surgarys to fix his screw up and they are not done yet. the screwed up part of this whole deal i am now disabled for the rest of my life. and the doctors in this town all buddy up so no one wants to point the finger and say he screwed up. so now i live on 650.00 a month while he gets to live high on the hog. I get the luxury of spending my life at 31 years of age a cripled up mess and he gets off scott free. where is my justice&#63; this should never be alowed to happen to anyone. and the doctors should be accountable for their actions.  	5	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
21	-1	This doctor is arrogant, and not very helpful. His office doesn't return phone calls, and his PA is very unprofessional and not very educated. I would not recommend.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	I am a nurse and he is the best Neurosurgeon in Boise.  I asked his nurses on the Neuro floor who they recommended and all of them said &quot;Dr. Little&quot;.  I no longer have pain and I have full range of motion following my surgery. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	-1	Does not take time to listen to you. Talks over your head. Has an attitude that he is more important than you and his time is more valuable. If he doesn't know an answer, he throws out words you don't know and gets annoyed if you ask. There are other good neurologists in the area to go to that are more helpful and willing to take time with you. 		1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	He had great 'bedside' manner. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	A very good doctor.  Frank and to the point.  He's very smart, upfront and a very good physician.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
22	1	 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	Very smart person, very intuitive and helpful.  I would not ask for anything different.  	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Medicare
24	1	Very knowledgeable and not afraid to refer you if he is even slightly unsure about something. Excellent with his patients and has picked up on health concerns and quickly addresses them. As far as i know his practice is closed though.  	4	2	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	Very personable and understanding. On time and spent extra time answering questions.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	1	Very knowledgeable.  Works with you very well.  Very pain free.   I would definitely recommend this dentist.  I still have about $7000 more work to be done on my teeth and I won't go anywhere else.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	0	Tossed out of his office when I refused to discuss my religion with him.  	4	4	2	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	-1	A misdiagnosis by the doctor delayed appropriate treatment. 	5	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
29	-1	Dr. Leavitt is almost to busy, I feel like we paid top dollar to just see his PA. Through out my entire experience with Dr. Leavitt I only saw him 2 out of the 8 times. One of the two was at delivery. I would not recommend him as a doctor that cares for his patients. He is much more expensive then other Dr's in town not to mention you are paying to see the Dr and end up have his PA doing all his work for him. His office staff is a little air headed. My appointments would get messed up and or they would just plain forget to put my appointment on the books and I would show up on time just to be told that they need to reschedule my appointment. Just a disappointing experience up to this point. Don't think Ill use him next time.  	1	1	2	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	0	Dr. Leavitt was very nice and knowledgeable but also EXTREMELY busy.  He did take his time to talk with me but definitely didn't remember anything about my previous appointments when I went back in(I went many times for fertility issues) I really liked him but not his PA Scott. I had to go to him once I got pregnant after an ultrasound and he said since my last period dates didnt match up with the ultrasound correctly I could have a dead baby inside of me! I couldnt believe that he said that! I went to another doctor and everything was totally fine with my pregnancy.  	2	3	4	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	0	I have had a good experience with Dr. Levitt, however his office staff is far from helpful/professional, especially his office manager. Craig has no bedside manner, doesn't deal well with public, and has no empathy what so ever to the point that the patient no longer wants to deal with him. It is unfortunate because Dr. Levitt is an awesome doctor, but I will never go back. I am not sure if Dr. Levitt takes on too many patients because he has a hard time recalling pertinent patient conversations/information. I don't know if Dr. Levitt chooses to be completely oblivious to how bad his office staff really is. Unfortunately Dr. Levitt's patients can tell him this, and have, but he does nothing about it, or, the staff calls you back and is completely unprofessional about what they have been called out on. He is going to loose a lot of business. 	1	4	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	Dr. Leavitt is a kind, compassionate doctor, who cares about you and your baby, as people, not patients.  Best experience of all doctors I have been to.  He is down-to earth and practical.  Helped me to understand everything that was going on with me and my baby.  Would recommend him to anyone I met--and I do! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	He delivered both my children.  He was the most amazing doctor I have ever been too.  He knew me and my husband by name.  Very kind, passionate, knowledgable, and compassionate.  His bed side manner in amazing.  I highly recommend him.  His staff is great and his PA is also awesome.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
29	-1	Everyone in the office seemed very nice and friendly, however as time continued to go on, we continually found ourselves getting wrong information and dealing with unprofessional behavior with scheduling.  Overall, my wife and I were just unhappy with our experience with Dr. Leavitt and his staff. 	2	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	Staff: very friendly and helpful.  The billing person is very professional and knowledgeable. PA &amp; Dr: very caring, trustworthy, professional, skillful and knowledgeable.  Sonographer: very kind, and proficient.  Facility: very new and very nice, great technology 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	Dr. Leavitt was a kind, knowledgeable doctor for my 16 year old daughter. He made her feel very comfortable and did multiple ultrasounds to make sure the baby was growing and doing okay. He explained everything thoroughly to her. She was so comfortable with him as her doctor she feared seeing anyone else. I was so impressed with him that I have switched to him as my doctor. As for a previous comment, anytime something goes wrong does NOT make it the doctor's fault. Dr. Leavitt is caring and I am sure he did everything he could to care for that woman and her baby! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	-1	I'm stunned by the other comments and ratings. He ignored major symptoms deeming everything as &quot;common.&quot; Turned out they weren't common at all. My son has CP because I had untreated blood clotting during the pregnancy... ignoring symptoms does not make them go away. My son stopped growing at 34 weeks and all he did was schedule another ultrasound. I know now that an induction should have been scheduled based on that alone. 	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	Dr. Leavitt tries to take time with each patient, and always asks if I have any questions. It seems to me that he genuinely wants to do what is best for his patients and make them as comfortable as possible.  Sometimes, my appointments have been late, but that's usually when I am late, so it's most of the time it's my fault. 	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	BEST OB/GYN in Idaho Falls area!  He is very compassionate and knowledgeable.  His staff is wonderful!  He even knows his patients by name!  I saw him at a local restaurant 8 months after my baby was born, and he called me by name and asked how my baby girl was.  Now what doctor would do that&#63;  In addition to great OB care, he also helped with my pregnancy-related back pain!  He was awesome at both of my deliveries, and made sure I was totally comfortable and informed.   I just wish he had been around for my first two pregnancys!  Best doc around! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	1	I went to Dr. Leavitt for severe menstrual pain. Dr. Leavitt was the fifth doctor I had seen for this problem. He was very helpful and considerate of my condition. After looking at all my symptoms he diagnosed me with endometriosis. I had laproscopic surgery, performed by Dr. Leavitt. He took great care of me and I would recommend him anyone.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
29	1	I've been to 4 OBBYN's and Dr. Leavitt is my favorite. My husband and I moved to Jackson, WY and I am still driving 1 1/2 hours each way to see him. He's very personable and actually cares and gets to know each patient. He will tell you and answer all your questions straight up and not sugar coat anything. I highly recommend this doc to anyone that needs maternity or fertility care. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	Dr Leavitt is the best OBGYN in Idaho Falls. He is the most knowledgable and the most caring.  I would not see anyone else! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
29	1	He is very personable and I really like the fact that when you choose him as you Dr. he will be the one that will also deliver your baby.  Nobody else in town does that!  He takes the time to answer all your questions and you never feel rushed through an appointment.  I have seen many other OB's in Idaho Falls and he is by far the best.  I am glad that I have as a Dr.   Now I just need to find a pediatrician that is as good as him!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	1	Dr. Leavitt is very personable and one of the only obstetricians in town who will be with you during labor instead of just showing up at the end to catch your baby. 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	Dr. Lindholm is excellent.  She takes a lot of time listening and really trying to understand your medical history and symptoms.  I've seen many neurologists, and Dr.  Lindholm is far superior than most! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	1	Dr.Lofgran is a very caring,kind, and knowledgeable physician. He will take as much time as needed to explain your diagnosis and any and all treatment options to you. He is also very open minded. Thank you Dr. Lofgran 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
31	-1	Dr Lofgran and his staff are horrid. His nurse has no bedside manner what-so-ever and his office staff is clueless most of the time.He has mis-diagnosed several patients costing them extended hospital stays. He fails to return calls when he is on-call and leaves patients in limbo when the office is closed telling them &quot;make an appointment&quot; even for simple medication questions. As a medical professional his job is to care for his patients which he fails miserably at, he would make a better burger flipper than he does physician. 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	The doctors in this practice are not only knowledgeable but friendly, on time, caring and go out of their way for each patients needs.  	 3/21/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
32	1	Most procedures completed by her office manager. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	Dr. Lotstein is a physician that really listened to what I had to say.  She is kind and really addressed my needs. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	I was so pleased to have Dr. Lovelace deliver all 3 of my children... He is the very BEST! I felt very comfortable and at ease through out all my pregnancies...His staff where very sweet and informative as well. Great experience and happy to have have him as my obgyn &amp; doctor :) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	Dr. Lovelace is a great ob. This is my second time using him for my pregnancies, I have high risk pregnancies and I would not go to anyone else. He is very smart and honest. He is gentle with check ups and such. He has a sense of humor and is great with kids. He really has you at heart when you are with him and he loves making conversation. The only thing that would make his office perfect would be new office staff. Nurses are fantastic and funny. The office staff can be rude and detached from the patients. But Dr. Lovelace is worth dealing with them with the care that he provides. I am rating him at a high 5 cause he really is a great Doc and knows what he is doing. Your getting pretty much a specialist at a regular Doctors wages.  	2	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
33	1	extremely intelligent. patients have no infections. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	Dr. Lovelace is extremely knowlegdeable.  He spends tons of time with his patients.  He is one of only two doctors in Idaho that preforms Laporscopic hysterectomys.   Try him you will like him 	5	1	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	1	 	5	4	5	3 	Insurance:Unknown
35	-1	Do not go to this dentist. He tried to charge me to remove 4 wisdom teeth and when I declined they were rude and the dental hygenist was very rough on my teeth when she cleaned them. When I would decline x-ray's they would get upset and mumble stuff to eachother in the back room about me. I changed dentists and my new dentist said I only had 2 wisdom teeth, so I advise you get a second opinion when they want to do surgery at this office.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:MB Health
36	1	I totally disagree with the other person who gave negative feedback about our doctor.   She may be mistaken!  Our daughters love her and she is great! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
36	-1	My daughter has been in and out of this doctor's office for the last 8 weeks- I sit and wait 25 minutes at least each time to see her and then she hurries us out the door. She prescribed my daughter the wrong antibiotic, and then misdiagnosed her double ear infections as &quot;allergies&quot;. I had to bring her back twice in one day to get a straight answer out of a different doctor at the office- I am a very informed Mother and I go in with a load of questions and I never get any straight answers- Maybe she should try being informative instead of trying to appease the situation with misguidded information and a smile. She just writes a prescription and sends you on your way. Drugs are not a cure all. I am incredibly disappointed in this doctor and definitely advise against her.  	2	1	3	1 	Insurance:Tricare
36	1	She is a wonderful doctor.  We are first time parents and she is very understanding and takes time to answer all of our questions.  She took the time to make assure me when breast feeding was difficult and gives me confidence as a parent.  I love to see her.   The only issue is that every appt we have is late at least 10 minutes, which I understand but its challenging with a newborn 	4	2	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	1	She is great. My kids love her! She is also contracted with Healthy Connections.  She can be found at Treasure Valley Pediatrics in Meridian and/or Boise 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
37	1	I had breast augmentation done about 5 years ago. I was and continue to be very happy with his work. I went in with realistic expectations that my breasts wouldn't come out perfect since I was a B cup on one side and never developed on the other. He did a great job and I would do it all over again!! 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	I saw that Dr. Lowry had some negative comments and I'm here to tell you that he is did a fantastic job.  I had upper jaw surgery 14 years ago to correct an underbite and the results are fantastic, he was a great doctor, and I still get compliments to this day how great my smile is.  I didn't want to have both lower and upper jaw done; he found a way to just do the upper.  He was really nice and answered all my questions, his staff was always very friendly.  I would go back to him in a heartbeat if I had anymore work I wanted/needed done.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
37	-1	excessive liposuction, left large dents, we need to band together and go to the board of medicine to stop him 	 3/5/08	3	4	1	Insurance:Unknown
37	-1	Does procedures on liposuction excessive. needs corrective surgery 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
38	-1	DENTURIST..Made two sets of plates, first was visible crooked and too big. Second  set larger than firt set. Will not fix them or repair. I paid up front and now have 2 sets of ubfitting teeth. 	2	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	AWESOME!!!  Has helped me so much with my RA.  Best doctor I've been to for this.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Pacificare
39	1	Dr Lagwinski is on par with other Rheum that I have seen in other states.  He does seem to schedule more visits than I am used to and use more expensive ultrasound rather than xray.  He and his office seem to be more about generating income for the pratice in the frequency of required visits and the way I had to have my ultrasounds done over 2 days because, in their own words &quot;insurance dosent reimbuse enough when we do it all at once&quot;.  It was highly inconvienant to get a babysitter 2 days in a row and then have to pay almost $400 out of pocket after insurance for the ultrasound.  The fact that you can schedule appts to be seen within a day or two and no waiting tells me that he is not busy enough and needs to generate income.  Office staff is not friendly or welcoming at all.  The nicest person there is the lab girl.  If I didnt have to go there I would switch in a heartbeat.  His average level of care does not make up for the other negatives.  	2	4	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	1	Dr Lagwinski is my doctor and I am very pleased with his service. I am on a Bio-drug that has greatly improved my condition.  The treatment he uses works for me most of the time.  He is quite punctual but don't YOU be late at this office as they will reschedule your appointment if you are over 10 minutes late.  	3	3	4	3 	Insurance:AARP
39	1	Dr. Lagwinski correctly diagnosed my mother with systemic lupus and treated her safely and effectively into remission.  I always said I would trust him with my life.  Last fall I became ill, and because of my experience with my mother, I suspected a connective tissue disease.  Dr. Lagwinski diagnosed me quickly and started me on an effective drug therapy.  I'm greatly improved!  He is very knowledgable and also very concerned with side-effects.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	1	Doctor Lynn is one of the most compassionate OB I've ever had. Very professional, clean rooms and state of the art equipment. Although his nursing staff could use some work...  Doctor Lynn is great! 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
40	0	I got my blood taken two weeks before I was scheduled for an ultrasound. When I finally went for my ultrasound, before he even started, he said that he didn't think he had good news for me. I was never told what my hormone levels were. I have a feeling that they were not where they were supposed to be and that he didn't inform me of it. He was great at the time. He gave me two options, as usual. I chose the pills. He told me nothing about what they do. He also told me to call in a week after I took them if a pregnancy test came out positive. If you're still bleeding, tests can come out positive anyway, just so you know, so mine was positive. When I called, he HAD to see me. My husband was away on a business trip and I had no car. I asked them to tell me what was wrong, and they  just said that I had to come in. When I asked if they could send my stuff to another clinic closer to me, they said they would call back and never did. I was so scared that something was wrong. He's a jackass.  	1	5	1	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	1	Dr. Lynn saved my life!  He was the only Doctor that would see me with out asking for money up front.  I was in the emerg rm and he came to see me 3 times and reassured me that I will be o.k.!  He gave me his cell number before I left and thank god he did.  He put me in the hospital for them to monitor my blood counts and did surgery in the morning.  His staff was outstanding..  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	1	Dr. Lynn is very knowledgeable. He is great at answering any questions and making you feel like he is your only patient.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
41	1	Friendly and patient, Dr. Lamers takes time to sit and listen to your concerns. She doesn't rush through visits. She is not overzealous with antibiotics and is comfortable discussing alternative treatments as well as conventional medications. Our entire family sees her from toddlers through parents. Just an all-around well-balanced doctor, we are very happy with her. I also like that anytime we have had an immediate concern better suited for her expertise, her friendly assistant is able to get us onto her schedule rather than us having to use the office's urgent care.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
42	1	 	5	4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
43	-1	I had an infection in my knee which took me from walking around three days after surgery back to more pain and being bed ridden and he blew it off, denying me pain medications, till my physical therapist had to call him. Leedle still refused to admit I had an infection and gave me the lowest anti biotics they had. After three weeks nothing got better so I had him get me realy strong ones which finally took it away. It took a month and a half to get back to the point I was before the infection really hit... Overall this surgeon put his ego ahead of his advice and I could have lost my leg if it wasn't for my physical therapist.... STAY AWAY FROM THIS SURGEON. I should be in a lawsuit with him but at least I can warn people before going to him. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	Excellent Surgeon!  Very compassionate and caring! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	very happy with my experience...nice addition to our town.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	1	A very compassionate and knowledgeable Physician. I would recommend him to anyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	-1	HORRABLE bad dentiest I saw this dentiest as a child and also my sister. NOW have bad teeth. I have had to have 2 crown due to the work that was done on my teeth when I was younger I am now ONLY 30. Also my sister needed over 20 root canals at the age of 20 beaucse Leavitt didn't get all her cavity out before filling it back in. So they foarmed pockets in her teeth. OH yeah she went back to him to fix the problem and it was not his fault. He wouldn't even fit the bill to get her teeth fixed. She had to be put to sleep by a diffrent Dentist to have everything fixed. 	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	The scale does not go high enough for his rating.  HE ROCKS! His staff are helpful, kind and understanding. The hygenists are gentle and fun.  Dr. Leavitt is gentle, kind and really cares. Even calls to check on you if he is worried.  My entire family goes to him and loves him.  THE BEST DENTIST EVER!!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	It is Dr. Lamb (in Dr. Leavitt's practice) that I am writing about. He is awesome! I have never met a more gentle dentist. He fixed my tooth and did it with virtually without causing pain to me. I will go back to him as long as I live in this valley. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	He is the most gentle, kind, and a knowledgeable dentist. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	Dr Lowe was amazing.  He was so nice and friendly, he made me feel comfortable and listened to what I had to say.  He took his time with me and did a great job on my ankle.  I never once felt like I was bothering him when I had to call in if I had problems.   Julie Lindquist 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	1	I live in redding,Ca. I was born and raised in Boise ID, I came all the way from Redding to see Dr lowe! He is the kindest Doctor I have ever met he is compassionate, knowledgeable thorough and genuinely cares about you as a patient! Do NOT go and see someone else! If you are having any kind of foot issue Dr Lowe is the Doctor to see! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	-1	Doctor Lowe did bunion surgery on my feet about 15 years ago.  Had to have him redo one due to a major mistake.  Then when he went to take stitches out, it was so painful, he had wrapped the stitches around a nerve.  I have had many many surgeries by an orthopedic surgeon to try and fix my ****** up feet because of Dr. Lowe.  One thing I have learned is don't trust a surgeon who is always extremely late and has very shaky hands.  He is also a very hyper person and not relaxed at all!  I STRONGLY advise you to think twice before you put your trust in him. 	5	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
46	-1	Very rude, would never send anyone to her. 	4	3	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
47	-1	Very uninterested in the symptoms I was experiencing and quick to diagnose me incorrectly.  I would not recommend this doctor to anyone!! Be very careful in choosing your doctor and ensure that they are truly interested in you as a patient.  	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
47	1	Dr. Luque used to be a nurse and has a great bedside manor.  She has weaned my elderly mother off many medications and figured out what was the cause of her chronic rhinitis (lisinopril, a BP med!).  Overall we've been very happy with her and her staff.  	5	3	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	-1	This doctor was always in a rush it seemed to get on to the next patient.  He wasn't thorough in his explanations and was always late to the appt.  Overall was a bad experience and I will not go back to him. 	4	2	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	Have been seeing this Dr. for 3 plus years.  I like him ALOT!!  He may run late but I have never felt that he rushed an exam.  He took the time to listen to my list of symtoms and came up with a diagosis when other doctors had just blown me off.  I am feeling much better and a lot of the credit goes to Dr.  Loveless! 	5	1	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	0	$278.for the office call with just 10 minute exam  With blood tests, (now done on site) the one visit was $768.00 with no helpful results and I had a 1 hour &45min wait in the waiting room. Can not afford to continue with this doctor!!! 	1	1	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	I find Dr. Loveless to be very professional and very thorough. I have been a patient of his for 15+- years.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
48	-1	this dr. refused to do ct and mri's. gave incorrect wrong diagnosis. always had to wait at least 1 hr in waiting room.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
