dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	-1	.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	1	dr ball was very helpful and made a point of telling me the options to my problem.  The sad thing is there aren't that many options left for me but he does have my situation under control with medication. A compassinate soul, glad he is there for the pulmonary ill people.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	1	He is a very fun doctor, who is highly intelgent. I like how he took the time to explain to me what my medical conditions were and helped me make the decision as to best option for treatment. the waite time was a little long, but when a doctor spends quality time with their patients instead of herding them like cattle some patients will have to waite. great doctor, will continue to see him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	1	Dr. Ball was very helpful and knowledgable.  He was sensitive to our wishes and explained things well. 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
1	-1	not pleased at all asked if he ordered a alot of tests would i be healed 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	I've been seeing Dr. Bailey for a little over a year now.  Although most of my appointments have been 6 mon. med checks, when I've needed advice or had concerns, he has always been attentive to my concerns.  When I told him I would feel more comfortable doing my gyn. appts. with a female he and his office staff were very good about recommending one and helping me make the appointment.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	-1	He sent wife &amp; I both for MRI's because of back problems. Wife needs a hip replacement, I have 4 pinched nerves in the L-4 area of the spine.  He has the reports on both MRI's, having a hard time getting pain medication from him! Getting referred to a specialist (neurosurgeon) by this office is terrible! 6 months for the wife, 3 1/2 months for me! Seems you have to tell him what you need! In fact, he asked me, &quot;what are we going to do about this&quot;!!! I had to ask him to send me for Physical Therapy! When he has the MRI diagnosis, you still have trouble getting pain relief, that is not a &quot; Caring Physician&quot;, as is his business name! STAY AWAY from this Doctor! 	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
3	-1	.  	 1/18/12	1	2	1	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
3	-1	Extreme Warning!My experience with this doctor and medical clinic was horrible! The doctor repeats to himself and answers his own questions and does not hear a word you say. This resulted in a terrible misdiagnosis and severe pain. Had to go elsewhere to get treated. The staff tried to cover for the doctor.  Very strange and very dangerous! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	He is one of the best no nonsense doctors I have ever been to. He doesn't beat around the bush. He's not a doctor that likes to prescribe narcotics frivolously and for no reason. So if you are someone that is just looking for a doctor to prescribe them narcotics then this isn't the doctor for you. Went in with shoulder pain. His diagnosis was right on. An MRI verified His diagnosis. I don't believe in narcotics so he prescribed me a non narcotic pain pill and muscle relaxers. I also saw him for a continuous high grade fever about 101 or so, he gave me a breathing treatment and a prescription for antibiotics and low and behold 3 days later i was better. So if your looking for a no nonsense doctor then this is the one for you. The staff was kind, considerate, and prompt. Although i was a little surprised that the office manager had to take me back because the CMA was busy texting or something on her phone 	 8/10/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
3	-1	Wow very strange Doctor wont be in business long ( I hope )to stuck on him self.  Mister wonderfull knows all done all and put down all other medical personel I had seen 	5	3	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	-1	i volunteered to take an elderly man in to see this Dr. At first glance this office seemed quaint and caring however things sharply changed. He falsely decided the elderly man was having a heart attack and started talking to himself in wild and creepy manner. He Then started saying &quot;Dr. Baker is always right&quot;, Dr. Baker is always right...&quot; over and over. Sooo weird!!! Why wasn't he calling an ambulance&#63; He put the elderly man in a lot of unnecessary pain and stress. We left and made an appointment with another Dr. for the next day. I came back for the EKG print out the next day and one of the office ladies had to hand it to him personally because of privacy laws. As we were walking back to the car I felt morally obligated to tell her in so many words that she should really do the right thing and get some help for the doctor. She totally freaked out and started acting almost as bizarre as the doctor.  I ended up IN JAIL they told the police that I HAD PULLED HER HAIR OUT&#63;&#63;&#63; Stay Away!! 	1	4	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	-1	He's seriously got mental issues, refers to himself in the third person, thinks he knows everything and his answer for most issues is take two asprin, drink lots of water, and then charges your insurance for the visit. The guy is a serious quack in every sense of the word. On top of that he is very rude at times telling clients to shut up and gets angry if you tell him whats wrong with you because &quot;HE is the doctor not you so what do you know about whats wrong with you&quot; The other staff there are wonderful and kind. Unfortunatly they work for a rude, pompous, ass who is so full of himself he thinks he's God.  Beware! 	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
3	1	very pleased with the cared I have recd x 2 now. Staff was plesant and I got into my appointments both times very promptly. I absolutely loved Dr. Baker. He listened to me and found my problem. Had been to different doctors and they did not find the problem. I will now bring my family to him. Thank you to Dr. Baker and his staff. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	-1	He is a total Prick, Went to him when he was in Spirit Lake. I told him what I thought was wrong with me, he cut me off telling me to let him be the Doctor. After several tests that he has me take, he decides to look into what I told him was wrong and it turns out I was right. Now my New doctor wants my old records from him. His staff says they never heard of me. Not friendly at all with an He is greater than you attitude because he is a (Doctor) 	1	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	The entire staff was very friendly, positive and helpful.  They are very comforting. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	-1	this dr amazingly enough did find my problem however the road to get there was bumpy. As others have stated he is unprofesional doesnt let you talk and even told me to please be quiet and quit lectureing him after about half a sentance. please if you have to go see him do so with caution.  	2	2	1	2 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
3	1	Dr. Baker is one of the best Dr's. that I have ever been to. Sounds like some body may have a chip on her shoulder. I would highly recommend Dr. Baker to any one that asked my opinion.   Janet Cooper 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	0	 	3	3	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
3	-1	COMPLETE SCATTERBRAIN!!!  Talks uncontrollably using incomplete sentences, tells you wildly scary things and then takes them back.  Forgets to fax RX's and when he does fax them they are so screwed up pharmacy will not accept them; then he will try to charge for another office visit to straighten out the mess his office created!  VISIT AT YOUR OWN RISK. Office 'forgets' to submit insurance claims, then 'forgets' to refund insurance payment. Nearly 6 months from appt and still trying to get $ refunded. If you are trying to track him down his 6411 number is out of service!!  New phone number is 208-762-5577.  	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	-1	If you have any serious problems or have a washington or Idaho Labor claim, watch this guy he works for then doing IMe and he oloves starting trouble for the patient to keep good with them, and don't forget the pain pills, he won't give you any, he is rude and he needs to go back of being a OB, maybe he can do that right 	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
3	0	well the first visit scared me i thought i had entered a different world, i didnt think anybody could be so rude and not want to know why i was there. for an example he asked 'tell me about your foot' i would go to explane what the previous doc told me and what meds i was taking for it and he would get very irritated and cut me off after 3 words and say 'no thats not what i asked tell me about your foot' this went on for a couple more times and if he would of asked do you have a foot problem then i would have know they were yes and no quiestions. i unfortianatly due to my insurence have limited places i can so there for i am stuck with him for now. he did however improve over the next few visits then turned very sour again 		5	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
4	-1	He does not care about you at all!! He does not do the job the first time around and you will end up back in the hospital with another surgery. Where you would not have had to if he had done the job right the first time around!!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	Unlike most doctors I have seen, this doc is engaging, enthusiastic and confident.  He readily shares information and explanations and is genuinely interested in the person he is treating.  The results of the surgery he performed are better than we anticipated.  Many in our circle keep a list of the few doctors we can trust.  Dr. Barresi is definitely on it.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
4	1	Dr. Barresi was very helpful and informative when I had concerns regarding my surgery.  He took me seriously when I had any complaints or concerns and those were quickly taken care of.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
4	1	Dr. Barresi took my gallbladder out last month. I have honestly never had a better experience with a doctor than I had with him. He took so much time to explain the proceedure to me and he spent the time to answer all of my questions. When I went in for the pre-surgery consultation he treated me like he had all the time in the world to make sure that I was comfortable and understood what would be happening. I was so nervous about the surgery but after spending some time talking to him I felt so confident that I had a doctor that knew what he was doing. He took my concerns seriously and really made me feel comfortable. Honestly, I was almost dissapointed when my surgery was done and my six week follow-up was over because I won't be seeing him anymore! I usually have a fear of doctors and it takes a lot for me to get comfortable with them, but Dr. Barresi just instantly made me feel at ease. If I ever have to have surgery again I want him to do it! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	This docotor saved mine and my babys life. i owe her everything for attending to me while my doctor was out of town. She went out of her way to help me and for that i thank her with everything i have, because she caught that horrible preeclampsia disease in time to save our lives.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
5	1	I think she is wonderful.  Easy to talk too and very informative.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	0	More interested in obstetrics than gynocology. Physical exam was very brief - I did not feel like she was interested in doing a comprehensive exam. Young & inexperienced perhaps. Maybe a little too hip for the prevailing culture.  		2	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	-1	Arrogant, used drugs I told him not to, uncaring about severe side effects of his drug choices. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	Very good doctor, knows what he is talking about and very helpful. Well timed so you don't have to wait in the waiting room for more than a few minutes and never have to wait in the doctors room. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	I've had nothing but a positive experience with Dr. Bailey. He's fun, adept, and takes all the fear out of having a healing experience. And it is a healing experience. One of the best in Coeur d'Alene. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	-1	I wont got there again.  What a waste of my time and money.  Very arrogant!!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	Dr.Bradshaw was the best doctor i have ever had. I was really hoping to go back to him but he moved out of state. I will miss him and dont know which doctor to move to now. He was so nice and so caring and sooo helpful.  Best doctor ever! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
8	1	Excellent Doctor.  He really takes time with you and seems to care about you.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	-1	The office of Dr. Alice P. Blake in Boise, Idaho, lost my children's medical and shot records, and never entered one of the children's shot records into the IRIS database. This has put us in a very difficult position... 	1	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
10	-1	I went in a few times about a problem and he started recommending some expensive tests.  I mentioned the problem in my lunch room at work and was directed to another doctor who discovered it was something simple.  	1	4	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	-1	This &quot;doctor&quot; has a &quot;GOD MD&quot; syndrome! He is the VERY WORSE DOCTOR I have ever had to use! I continued to take my teenage daughter to him, she was complaining of pain in the stomach area. He kept telling us that NOTHING WAS WRONG! He even had the nerve to tell my husband and I to take her for mental evaluation because of her pain. I took her to another doctor, she wound up having to have her gallbladder removed! Yes! a young teen girl had gallbladder disease... He also sent me a letter to my home, asking me not to bring my family back to his practice anymore...because I complained to him! IF YOU LOVE YOUR FAMILY... DO NOT USE THIS GUY! 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	0	Nurse was rude, Dr was distracted and rushed (every time we've seen him).  His office staff told my husband that our insurance required an annual physical to stay covered both last year and again this year.  Well this year we checked with our benefits coordinator and that is not the case, so my husband called the Dr.'s office back and now they say its just office policy to 'encourage' annual physicals ( I bet they do, as they are paid 100% by insurance).  Doesn't seem very ethical.  	3	3	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	1	 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	I would highly recommend him, he was so good and really listened.  He was also so nice to my kids when they came with me.  I would definitely go to him for my next pregnancy.   With my last baby he stayed and delivered him and he wasn't even on call! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	1	He was great.  We never saw any of those things indicated in the negative comments.  He was great with my 2 year old, and very interested in our concerns and making us feel comfortable and safe.  He was delivered our baby, and was fantastic.  I would totally recommend him.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	-1	Dr. Jeff Baker may seem nice at some appointments, but BEWARE. If you really get to spend much time with him, you might meet the real Jeff Baker. I went to Rosemark to see Dr. Merill. But occasionally saw Dr Baker. One time I fell on the ice and was worried about my baby. His nurse said if I wanted to I should come in, I over heard him say NO she DOES NOT need to. I went in anyway and he made me wait over 1 hour, then came in and wouldn't look at me or touch me just said, &quot;everything is fine, nothing ever happens when people fall down, go into ultrasound and they will check the placenta.&quot; IT was very cold and abrupt. He also delivered my baby. It was Saturday, he had been there since 5 or 6 am, I started pushing at 7 pm. He was very COLD and impersonal, told me at the beginning &quot;lets use the vacuum to make this 5 minutes instead of a half hour&quot; the entire 1 &amp; 1/2 hr of pushing he looked PISSED that he had to be there. When the head came out he just ripped the baby out with no care. :( 	2	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	Dr. Baker is one of the best Doctor's. He really cares about each Patient and listens to all their concerns. He also only does a C-Section if completely neccesary, while most doctors will just do it to get it over with. He respects the patient and wants their delivery to be special. He really connects with his patients and is excellent. All over town people know of Dr. Baker , he is a favorite for great reason! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	I loved Dr. Baker, he delivered my first child.  He had a wonderful bedside manner and made me feel completely comfortable, if I have another child I will definitely be going back to him, I highly recommend him! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	-1	First child. Dr. Baker came into room (which was cold) and right away, pulled out the stethoscope. He didn't try to interact with my child (1.5 years old) to make him feel comfortable. He was also very mean, when I tried to explain some concerns, he wouldn't listen. I finally left and took my son to another Dr. 	4	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	Nice bedside manner.  Addressed all of my concerns.  Delivered my first child as well as meeting with me personally after a miscarriage.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
11	-1	Dr. Baker saw me throughout both of my pregnancies. When my daughter was diagnosed prenatally with severe heart defects he told us there was NOTHING that could be done for her. Fortunately, we insisted on a referral to Primary Childrens in SLC. Not only is there A LOT that can be done for her, she is now a happy thriving 8 month old. 	5	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	I liked him. Out of all the doctor's in this office he had the best bedside manner. I wished he was the doc on call to deliver my baby. This is the only doctor I would return to see at Rosemark. 		3	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	. great doctor,pays attenion,cares,lets you ask questions 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
12	1	He has been my doctor for 20 years.  Takes time to discuss and listen. He truly cares about my health.  He follows up and makes sure treatment/recovery is going well. An outstanding doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	1	very caring and very smart with diagnosing. he found thyroid cancer when four other doctors said nothing was wrong.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
13	1	Extremely knowledgeable and compassionate.  Went the exta mile talking to me and my family. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	Great dentist!!! and wonderful staff. The most professional dentist office I have ever been too. 	 9/30/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	What a great doctor! She is also a Midwife. She can do it all. She is also bilingual . She treats each patient very special . She is highly recommended and people ask for her by name 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	0	Dr. James is great: but his wife is the hygienist, and she is NOT gentle.  Even if the patient complains, she won't ease-up and belittles the patient for being a wimp.  I referred my friend's 70+ year old mother, and Dr. Bruce's wife hurt her gums while cleaning/examining... even when my friend's mother complained, the hygienist's approach didn't change.   I have since switched to a new dentist, and for the same price, his hygienists don't cause any pain! 	1	4	1	4 	Insurance:CIGNA
17	1	Dr. Boyajian found the root cause of my sinus issues on the first visit, which many other doctors could not figure out after years of appointments. He saw me through from beginning to end (2+ years) and it always felt like he genuinely cared about my health. Dr. Boyajian is very confident in his work and he is also the first to admit when he doesn't know the answer to a question. I find this to be a great quality which is hard to find in doctors these days! I would highly recommend Dr.  Boyajian! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	-1	Seemed more interested in encouraging expensive surgery than exploring other options.  Not much of a bedside manner, either.  In my case the sinus surgery has not helped me at all.  Wish I hadn't done it.  	2	2	1	2 	Insurance:BC Med
17	1	Dr. Boyajian really listens.  He invovled me in several treatment options.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	1	Dr. Boehmer is a great doctor who really cares about his patients. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	0	What happened to this surgeon.  He up and disappeared on ALL HIS PATIENTS.  Staff didn't know what happened, hospital didn't know or weren't telling us.  I feel abandoned AGAIN!  Now I'm supposed to start all over with a surgeon I don't know at all&#63;&#63;&#63;&#63; What is going on with American Medicine&#63;  No wonder some patients go &quot;out of country&quot; for healthcare.  	3	2	2	3 	Insurance:Medicare
20	1	Dr. Billingslea isnt afraid to tell it how it is. He can jump to conclusions a little quick so make sure to talk to him thoroughly and dont hide any concerns or thoughts. The office staff is very rude and anytime ive visited they make me feel anything but welcome... will continue to see him until i find a more friendly office.  	1	4	4	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
20	0	No bedside manner. Rude. Spent very little time in exam room. Snotty office staff. Will never go there again. 	2	4	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	Very honest and did not give unnecessary rx.  His staff is cranky....made me feel like I was bothering them just by arriving.  	2	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	1	Disregard the other comment that makes Dr. Billingslea sound terrible.  He is anything but!! He is wonderful. He is cautious and listens to the problem with empathy.  I have used him for 10 years and feel like I have received better than adequate care.  I have had to have a couple of surgeries and my surgeon complemented Dr. Billingslea on his thoroughness.  My kids love him.   He should not have a frown beside his name!!!!!!!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	-1	This doctor diagnoses mental illnesses in spite of previous diagnosis of other disorders. He disregards previous medical records, and in fact does not seem to bother to gain them even when medical record release forms have been signed.    For general illnesses such as bronchitis, he is likely an acceptable doctor if you don''t care how you are treated, and you just want antibiotics. For anything complex, you should look for a doctor who listens to you instead of wanting to show you he knows everything and you don''t know anything. 	4	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
21	0	Over the course of 6 months, took my son into Dr. Brown every few weeks to have a wart burned off. Each time, he would come in the door and say &quot;Have we met&#63;&quot; Asked my son a question which my son answered. He asked the exact same question within less than 3 minutes. Doesn't listen. Doesn't pay attention. Doesn't make notes. 	4	1	3	2 	Insurance:Unknown
21	0	Tends to not listen. Often refers to other doctors rather than make a decision on his own. 	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	Dr. Brown is awesome! He asks questions, listens to my concerns, and is very knowleadgable! I highly recommend him.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
21	1	. Doesn't always take the time to listen to what I'm saying or follow-up with what was said 		4	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	Great Guy. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	Incredibly hard to get an appointment with. Went to ER for emergency after treatment was told to see my regular physician (Dr. Beckett). Called office staff and explained situation and urgency and was told his next appointment was three weeks from the day. I really like Dr. Beckett, but find his staff and appointment schedule discouraging.  	2	1	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	1	Gives advice, listens and accepts suggestions and has great bed side manner.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	My elderly Mother goes to Dr. Burton. I highly recommend Dr. Burton for almost anything. I do feel that as very kind as he is, geriatrics is not his best field. He is best as what he is trained for - family medicine. I do consider him a very honest and good man. He is extremely kind and a very good person. He does go the extra mile for his patients and has a fantastic bed side manner.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
23	-1	I wouldn't recommend Dr. Burton to anyone. He is a smooth talker and preys upon his clients. One of his clients recently passed away and left Dr. Burton everything he owned. This breaks the code of ethics in all medical practices. Clearly Dr. Burton has no ethics. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	Dr. Burton has an open mind and is willing to change how he practices for the betterment of his patients.  He delivered my 8yo, we had complications during her birth that resulted in an injury.  She recovered and when I went back pregnant with my next child he was very excited to show me HOW he'd change his method of birthing to avoid complications like my daughters.  He's very much a naturalist, believing that woman's body is made to birth.  He's not a fan of interventions.  His thoughts are almost midwife like.  I highly recommend him.  His caring and compassion for his patients is obvious.  Also, the only time we've ever had an extreme wait with him was when he had to leave to deliver a baby. 	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	I think Dr Burton is wonderful. I feel like he cares about my health and the health of my family. The only problem for you will be that I don't think he is taking new patients.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
23	1	Dr. Burton is also in ob/gyn and has delivered my children, and has monitored their health from gestation to birth and beyond.  He is very friendly and efficient, is well known for his willingness to answer questions and provide follow-up appointments, and is not afraid to order more tests when there is a questionable diagnosis in a consultation. His office staff are friendly and his billing methods flexible and fair.  TOP NOTCH DOC. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED FOR BOTH GENERAL PRACTICE AND OB/GYN NEEDS!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	He assisted in the c-section of my son back in 1998 in California. Aside from being my doc, he was my employer and a good friend outside the office. He is truely a caring and compassionate doctor. Every patient that he had said nothing but how wonderful he was. He saw me, my daughter, my son, my mother and my sister. His caring spirit shines through in everything he does. He is such a wonderful doctor that I came close to following him to Idaho when he left California and I would have if not for the need to keep my children closer to their father. He is a wonderful doctor and a great person. When my daughter was diagnosed with diabetes at age 7 he was there making all the proper referals. Then a year later when my son, age 1, was diagnosed with diabetes he was there again with the referals necessary to get them the care they needed. He isn't one to do unnecessary tests and waste your money. If his schedule ran behind it was only because he gives each patient the attention they need. 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	. Great office with great staff and very knowledgeable doctor - top notch service 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	1	Great doctor.  Several members of our family see him and he has helped to accurately diagnose our conditions.  He also made great referrals for those conditions he didn't specialize in.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	-1	Very Rude and uncaring Office manager, Very over priced office visit 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	Dr. Butuk was so attentive and helpful with my daughter.  He took so much time talking with us about her respiratory problems and he personally followed up with us on numerous occasions just to see how her treatments were working.  I am so happy that we found Dr.  Butuk since he really seems to care about his patients! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
24	-1	Dr. Butuk refused to order a CT for our child although he acknowledged a problem &amp; referred her to a neurologist office (w/ a long wait). Our daughter's health deteriorated rapidly w/ in days and I tried speaking w/ him again, in person this time. He wouldn't speak w/ me but relayed through his staff that he still refused to order the scan. That same night we went into St. Luke's Meridian ER and a brain tumor was detected, she was transported to their Boise location where they had a neurosurgeon waiting &amp; perform an emergency EVD (drain). She had surgery 36 hours later and very possibly due to the delay in treatment has suffered permanent vision loss. The way Dr. Butuk treated our family is inexcusable, he didn't even give us a spare minute over the phone to explain to him exactly what was going on with our daughter. I am thankful the ER was able to assist us and we are blessed by our daughter's strength &amp; amazing spirit which has been helping her cope and recover through it all.  	3	4	1	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
24	1	Great location, great office, waiting room comfortable and doctor spent a lot of time with me. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	Dr. Brown is one of the best Dr.'s there is. I have seen him several times and I am a chronic pain patient. He is very understanding and he takes the time to listen. He treats patients fair. The only thing is that I believe he is influenced by his coleague's opinion and has only once denied me the medication I needed for my anxiety attacks, which really being that I have never abused drugs of any kind I think was uncalled for. Unlike other Dr.'s he has an understanding of the effects a migraine has on a person and can recognize when a person is there that actually has pain like me and an abuser. If you were turned away you probably should have been. He is a christian and he has good judgement and is very knowlegable! Kudos Dr.  Brown! Keep up the good work! 	 9/28/09	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
25	-1	This guy knows very little about chronic pain. He could not understand my situation and threw me out of his clinic because I was under medicated and he confused it, thinking I was an abuser. He gave me 10 days worth of meds and told me to go find another doctor. Not long after I had emergency fuse on my neck. This from a doc who claims to be a Christian.  Horrible and was reported to the State of Idaho, for which I believe he was reprimanded for poor judgement. 	1	2	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	Kind and sensitive doctor, he really cares 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	Very kind and gentle with my already nervous child.  Explained everything.  Did a very thorough exam.  We had been blown off by other doctors and he took us seriously. He is very involved with the patient and parent.  Very respectful. He provides a very relaxed environment which helped with my child who has doctor anxieties.  I would recommend him to anyone who needs a pediatrician. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	Dr. Babbel is a great doctor. I would highly recommend him. Our daughter was born premature and he did a great job overseeing her needs. He always took the time to answer all of my questions. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	-1	Very Passive when it came to diagnosing our son. I finally had to take actions into my own hands and take him to a specialist without Dr. Babbles referal and I am so glad that I did.  	2	2	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	1	I have had 2 of my kids have tubes put in by her. She is so kind and compassionate but extremely professional. She goes above and beyond and even calls after their surgeries to see how they are doing. Her nurses are very sweet and knowledgeable. I drive an hour for her and she is worth it! I would highly recommend her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthFirst
27	1	We have been to Dr. Beck for both of my sons for tubes and tonsils/adnoids. She is fantastic! Very compassionate, listens well to others, and has never come across frustrated or put out.  Gives you her home number in case you need her. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	-1	I saw Dr Bates regularly for about a year for back pain. He is a very nice guy, but did not seem to value my opinion or take my pain seriously. On several occasions he withheld approval for my pain med refills. There seemed to be no set schedule to when he would or wouldn't approve them. When I asked him about it, he said he wanted to wean me off of them completely. I expressed disagreement about the idea but he was convinced. In my opinion it was quite unnecessary to withhold the one thing that worked to manage the pain. He seems very anti-pain meds. In theory it might sound ok but in reality it is unnecessary to suffer in pain when there is a reasonable alternative. I'm talking about relatively small dosages too. Ultimately, I have dropped him as a Doctor and am seeing someone who doesn't leave me in unnecessary pain. I understand the risks involved and liabilities the Dr's face, but that is not my case. I simply don't need to deal with this. My new Dr is far more accommodating.  	3	3	1	2 	Insurance:Aetna
28	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Bates for five years and have found him to be very helpful, knowledgeable and compassionate.  He takes the time to listen to what I have to say and I never feel like he's rushing to get in and out of the exam room.  His office staff is very efficient and friendly.  I have and will continue to recommend Dr. Bates to any of my friends or family members that may need medical care in his field of expertise.   Nancy Jensen 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
28	-1	Dr. Bates left me without pain medications on 2 occasions making me go into detox withdrawal.  I did miss 1 appointment but that hardly constitutes such extreme measures considering all the time I spent in their waiting room and then in the exam room waiting for him.  Typical Doctor mentality thinking his time is more valuable than mine.  There are many other options in Meridian and Boise.  	3	1	1	3 	Insurance:AARP
29	1	Dr Baldeck is a great doctor.  He has personally made me feel like he honestly cares about me and the path I'm on in life.  His staff is nice and caring.   I highly recommend going to him! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	1	finally a doctor that takes time to get to know me. feel like i am developing a relationship with a medical professional for the first time in my life. I dont feel like I am in an assembley line.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	1	Dr. Baldeck has been our family physician for several years.  Yes, he is obese, no he has never had body odor.  Dr. Baldeck has always been there for us.  He saw me in the ER when he wasn't on call; he is kind, considerate and as an RN I believe he is an excellent diagnostician.  Nobody is perfect.  I sincerely believe he saved my life at one time.  The only issue I have had was with his office staff.  Sometimes the receptionist isn't as empathetic or responsive as she should be.  At the same time, I would never want her job.  I have witnessed the abuses that patients can dish out to office staff.  Remember, if your doctor is running behind he is most likely spending extra time with someone who needs it.  Next time it may be you that slows the schedule. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	Rating a dr is hard because the dr responds to the personality of the patient. reading a lot of the comments it is not hard to read beyween the lines. A lot of people go in with the preconceived ideas of what they have and want &amp; don't listen to what the dr is actually saying. Dr baldeck and I have had many long conversations about the health problems that have occured since colon cancer, chemo, surgery and associated problems. When perscribing meds it has always been with full knowledge of sinergistic actions that could and will happen. When I lost my wife of 37 yrs due to a heart attack he was there to support and to help guide me through the teriblr ordeal. Now that i am disabled and on SSI he has worked hard to keep me going and using those meds which cost less but are still effective. Be sincere and communicate and any dr will return in kind.  	5	5	5	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	1	very helpful and full of knowledge about my health...concerned...is not jumping to do uneaded treatments or surgeries...refers to specialists when needed, trust him with my health completely...nice and friendly...if your a grumpy hypochondriac.... find someone else! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	-1	Dr Baldeck fees come first, At first he would not send me my test results with out follow up appointment and co pay. When  i said i did not what to pay a added co pay his office said they could not send my the lab report. I said thats fine and a week later received the lab report AND a letter saying find a new doctor.    Dr Baldeck could have  A-sent me the lab report saying the levels are up and need a consultation. B-call me with a short phone call. C-have me come in with out a co-pay and est charges of $105.00     The first appointment was psa,test and a hemorrhoid problems , Dr Baldeck NO EXAM for bleeding ,infection ,etc  He did ask if i needed a referral to a surgeon.  	2	2	2	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	1	Good Doctor, Nice staff, very accomidating to my personal situation. Treated me with respect. Not arrogant like alot of Doctors are.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	1	Great Doc. Very friendly and really cares about his patients. Seems good hearted and eager to do the right thing and what's best for the patient while still talking to you on the level.  A+ 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	1	new in town. Called based on mny recomendations from friends and two specialist. Got in right away .   Staff nice.diagnosed problem, and treated successfully. Very down to earth guy.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	1	Great doctor, very knowledgeable, has a freindly personality and really cares about his patients. If he has to perscribe something he is awesome about giving free samples when he can. My only dislike is that you have to come in for an office visit for EVERYTHING. Need a perscription refill or something small or simple. I guess they have to cover their butts too. Other than that, I am very pleased! There is ANOTHER Dr. Baldeck is Lewiston so make sure the post you are reading is about Dr. Michael Baldeck. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	-1	He was very rude, he didn't want to listen to anything I had to say and he had horrible body odor 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	Fantastic doctor. Very knowledgeable. Really cares about his patients and make a great effort to spend time to get to know them personally. You can go up and talk with him at his kids football/basketball/baseball games and he will listen. Will also go out of his way to help. If you can’t get along with this guy then you’re a jerk. Doesn’t take the assembly line approach to medicine.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	-1	Worst bedside manner ever! Extrememly obese doctor who preached about the virtue of heathy eating and excersize. Lots of other docs to choose from...dont go here.  		1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
29	-1	I saw Dr Baldeck for about 10 yrs. He decided to drop me with no warning! I was behind on a bill, and IMO it is unethical to do that to someone who is sick. I was only behind on payment 1 time, and only 30 days at that. On the bright side, I was forced to switch to the best doc ever. He DXed me with the root of all my problems. He found it on the 1st visit, where as Baldeck couldnt in 10 yrs. My life is alot better now with my new doc! Dr. Baldeck made me feel like a hypochondiac. I DO NOT recommend him for anything other than yearly checkups at the most. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	Dr. Baldeck is a very caring, knowledgeable Doctor. He is very thorough in his exams and explains any and all findings. Great Doctor!! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	Thank you Dr Blackmere for being so careing and doing such a great job. We recommend you to family and friends. Hopefully I wont need your help again.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
30	1	Great bedside manner, very knowledgeable, easy to talk too, normal person.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
30	1	The doctor operated on my foot 6 years ago and I have never had a problem with it. I had the other foot worked on by a new foot doctor in town at another office and the pain is bad. I wish that I had Dr Blackmer do the 2nd foot surgery also.  Blackmeer was great 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
31	1	. he is the best doctor ever even though he is my doctor for a long time he is the best go to him:) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
31	1	. HE ROCKS!!!!!!!!!!  Go to him!! He is the best doctor ever! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
31	-1	Avoid him. I always feel like he is in a huge rush and gives very generic answers. Very &quot;text book&quot; and doesn't treat child as individual. When unfamilar with products instead of doing a little research then forming an opinion he just avoids them all together even if they could help the child. Overall I don't feel I get my money's worth or information out of the visit.  	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	1	Dr. Dwight Baker is the BEST out there.I love my teeth and love to smile, now that my teeth are fixed. The staff and everyone who works there are super nice.Thank you all so much for everything you have done for me. :) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
32	1	My smile is AMAZING! People always comment on my perfect teeth. He did a wonderful job with braces very quickly, and even filled in gaps that I wanted to so each tooth is the PERFECT shape, and even shaped the teeth to not be jagged...they are straight lines! The permanent retainer behind the teeth is necessary for all and I'm so glad he does that. He is very thorough I highly recommend him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	. I thought he was an AMAZING orthodontist! He is super friendly and knows exactly what you need! I had my braces for about 2 1/2 years but I needed it due to complications with my teeth, not his fault at all! I saw him in the store once and he remembered me by name and I think he knows each patient and truely cares about each of them! GREAT GUY and GREAT ORTHO! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
32	-1	Actually an ORTHODONTIST, but this site doesn't present that option. I was pleased with my end-result, but it took SIX years! The discoloration and weakness of my teeth after braces were totally inappropriate, and it has taken far too long to recover.  		3	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	0	Very knowledgeable, but gave lots of misinformation about risks and altnernatives. 	4	2	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	After 14 years of suffering with my knees and being told I was &quot;Too Young&quot; for replacement surgery Dr Bottimer listened to me and agreed I had suffered long enough. I was 50 and could not walk, work or enjoy any part of my life. I lived on pain medicine and was in terrible pain 24 hrs a day. After replacing both knees and 1 year later I am a walking miracle!! I am 95% pain free and now have 2 jobs. I love my life again. I will forever be greatful to Dr Bottimer, David and Patrick for their professional and heartfelt care of me. I tell everyone I meet with any knee problems to go see Dr. Botimer.  He's the best!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	1	After years of suffering with my bad knee, Dr. Bottimer was the one who listened to me and fixed the problem. I am very grateful to him and his staff.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
35	-1	This doctor arrived late for his appointment. We watched his assistant schdule a date while we waited for a test to be ran. When the symptoms appeared of which we were seeing him for he became very nervous and appeared upset. He did not know what they were. We paid him and he refused to answer our phone calls. I would not recommend him to people who have mysterious illnesses. His office staff were great at first then they also refused to contact us. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
36	-1	This doctor was assigned to me when I was admitted as an emergency patient at Cassia Regional Medical Center. He was completely unconcerned when I tried to explain my pain symptoms. I was misdiagnosed with diverticulitis and treated for this when I actually was in stage 3C colon cancer. My tumor had eaten through my colon and attached to my bladder, as well as spreading to my lymph nodes. The symptoms I tried to explain to him pointed to this cancer. I could have been treated 4 months sooner had I been properly diagnosed when my symptoms didn't improve. He had no compassion and did nothing to help. I would never recommend Dr. Blauer to another person.  	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
37	-1	Don't waste your time with Stephen Brown! 	4	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	. terific 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
39	1	This doctor will listen to your every need and adress it accordingly. She has been fantastic to me. She does not descriminate aginst you because of certain circumstances eighter. She always takes the time to treat you as a person with dignity and is very thorough. I reccomend her for any kind of medical needs weather it be obgyn, the flu, or mental ilness. If she doesnt know the answer she will tell ypu and consult somebidy who does.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
40	-1	Competent doctor, but will push for fee-based services, multiple visits, etc.  Very inflexible.  Tripping over dollars to pick up dimes.  Charged late fees for a disputed charge, yet there were credits over a year old in his system, from past visits in which he had overcharged for services.  So the credits went unapplied toward the account, yet the outstanding balance (which was being disputed) was incurring penalties.  Complete double-standard.  	4	4	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	1	Dr. Brus has been our children's doctor for nearly 20 years, and has nearly always correctly diagnosed our kids' medical problems on the first visit - which is mighty good stats in my experience. His knowledge base is quite advanced for primary care and he never shys from difficult issues.  He does alot of his own minor surgeries, so that has saved us quite a bit compared to paying a surgeon or dermatologist.  I also like that he will always see my kids on an urgent basis at anytime the office is open, or at the end of the day, something hardly any doctors do anymore. He has worked at two locations, and the staff at both have been very good, only a few bad eggs, but I notice they don't last long.  So overall, still much better than most offices.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	1	Dr. Brus is amazing. He's always prepared to answer a million questions and calls back immediately if paged. He's very reassuring and a great doctor. I'd recommend him to anyone.  His office hours are not the greatest, because they'll close for days or weeks at a time, but at least they always have someone to cover their patients while they're gone! He even came to the hospital when my kids were born to check them out and make sure everything was in order! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	1	He is a friendly doctor who is also very knowledgeable.  He seems to have a lot of experience in pediatrics and has had good advice for any questions or problems I have had.  He is very attentive and playful with both of my children.  I like his staff as well.  The wait in his office has never been too bad, I'm always in to see him within 15 minutes. I recommend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
41	1	Our family has seen Dr. Brinton twice at Urgent Care and he has been helpful and compassionate on both occasions. The staff at urgent care is friendly and professional and the wait is never very long.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
42	1	I have been seeing Dr. Burgess for 4 years and could not be happier.  My husband and daughter are also patients of hers.  She always has a smile and if you need one, a big hug.  Her staff is very friendly and professional.  I would recommend Dr. Burgess to anyone who needs a good doctor.   Just love her! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
43	-1	I had x-rays taken and have never recieved a phone call to go over the results. I have called 3 times and they still have not called me back. I am now looking for a new doctor. 	3	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	Tony is awesome, knowledgable and kind! He listens and understands his patients needs. He always addresses all of my concerns. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	Acupuncture's not my favorite thing to do, but it's always helped me. Tony Burris is the best I've been to and I heartiliy recommend his services if you want to try acupuncture in Boise.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
44	1	I received help when I was out of options, basically. Now I'm almost fully recovered 2 months laterand a lot of acupuncture. Tony's knowledge of the body is incredible.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	1	Dr. Burris has helped me and my family with everyhing from allergies to back pain. Highly rated! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	-1	I do not reccomend Dr. Bigsby. I went to her for several years, I had a lot of abnormal paps that went ignored. I had a miscarriage and she never once saw me during the time I thought it was happening or when it was official due to blood tests. She had her phone nurse call. She was &quot;too busy&quot; to see me, check on me, or tell me the awful news her self. Since then I have switched and found an AMAZING OB. Thank god I did because it turns out I have severe cervical dysplasia which went untreated due to her careless-ness and lack of time with patients.  	2	1	1	2 	Insurance:Tricare
46	-1	Dr Bouchard delivered my baby.  I ended up having a c-section.  After the baby was taken out and away I was on the table and she was closing me up.  I heard them talking about how they couldnt find a towel.  Then I suddenly got really sleepy and could hear them saying they had to reopen me and found it.  While still in the hospital i had lots of fluid coming out of my incision. The nurse was very concerned but the doc was not. Sent me home.  With in a couple of days of being released I was back in the office have to have my incision sliced into to drain all the fluid that had tunneled into my abdomin. I was on a wound vac machine for two months after the birth of my son.  Very painful and she never admitted that she had to reopen me or any fault. There was other stuff while on the wound vac, too. But I would not recommend this doctor.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Tricare
46	1	She was the on call doc. She was first assigned to me as my doc but her bedside matter stinks. When in the delivery room however, she is efficient and professional. I would recommend her for a normal birth, but as a person shes really cranky. 	5	3	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
46	-1	Dr. Bouchard was not usual doctor, but had her for the delivery of my child. When it was decided that I needed to have a c-section (baby was 10 weeks premature and I was and am healthy), she couldn't even wait for the epideral to kick in, she kept trying to cut me and I had to keep yelling at her to stop. Scary experience and if you can avoid her, I would certainly recommend it.  	4	2	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
46	-1	Dr. Bouchard is not my regular Dr. but she delivered by baby because she was the one on call.  She was extremly rude when she came into check on me and found that I was only at a 5.  After that she just kept sending the nurse in and then she gave me a time limit to have my baby.  The nurses all seemed to feel really bad for me they had looks of &quot;I'm sorry&quot; on their faces as they came into my room she must have had somewhere more important to be, she acted as if I was ruining her night.  I later found out that a majority of the hospital staff doesn't enjoy working with her.  She told me that there was meconium in the amniotic fluid which turned out to be a lie she just wanted to scare us into taking more drastic options for speeding up labor.  I do not recommend using this Dr. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
47	-1	Dr. Bell must have one of the fastest appt. times in the county. He looks for a fast solution, doesn't ask enough questions. At least one member of his receptionist staff is extremely rude. This office actually required payment for filling out FMLA papers. I'm not even sure that's legal. Not a happy patient. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
47	1	Ihave found this man to be very good and thorough.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
48	1	Doctor Balance has been treating me for years.  He always takes great time in talking with you and asking how you are doing.  He referred me for a sleep study and I found I had sleep apnea and am much better now.  He treats me for anxiety, depression, and prediabetes.  I am very happy with David.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	1	Wonderful doctor. takes time to explain medications, etc. NEVER TOO BUSY TO TAKE TIME FOR HIS PATIENTS! very people oriented! HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS DOCTOR!! Will go out of his way to make sure you can get the meds you need...a very kind and caring person...  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	0	DR BALANCE IS VERY CONSERVATIVE AND DID NOT FIND IT NECESSARY FOR MY HUSBAND TO HAVE COLONOSCOPY AT AGE 51 WHEN BROUGHT UP AT HIS APPOINTMENT BY HIS WIFE.  ALSO, MY HUSBAND COMPLAINED OF HAVING TROUBLE WITH THIS SINUSES FOR AT LEAST 2 YEARS AND DR. BALANCE NEVER SUGGESTED ANY TESTING TO FIND OUT WHAT WAS GOING ON.  WHEN ANOTHER PHYSICAN FROM THE SAME PRACTICE REFERRED HIM TO AN ENT, HE HAD SINUS SURGERY WITH A MONTH AND FOUND TO HAVE A LARGE TUMOR IN HIS SINUS CAVITY. 	5	4	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
48	-1	This doctor is a joke. He doesn't act like he knows anything. He has been treating my mother for a long time now and gives her all kinds of drugs to take. She is so drugged up she doesn't know what she is doing or where she is at.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	1	I really enjoyed meeting Dr. Ballance today. He really focused on taking care of me as a whole person and getting some of my diseases under control. When I left his office I felt like there was a plan for my healthcare in place. I would very highly recommend him and Family Health Care to anyone that I know. I am sure that my family will start using Family Health Care after I tell them about my expierence. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
49	-1	I feel he does not listen to his patients and  he hurries through appointments. I feel  if I had stayed in his care i would be dead!!!!!! 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	Dr. Bowden is the best! Intelligent, honest, objective, kind, and has a gentle touch. She really goes above and beyond the call of duty, truly cares about her patients. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
51	1	Extremely knowledgeable doctor. Will use other healing methods first before just writing a prescription. Kind and compassionate with a very good character and integrity.  	 2/24/11	5	3	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
51	1	Dr. Brillhart is phenomenal! He is never rushed. He is detail oriented, one of the most observant Drs. I've ever had the pleasure of interacting with. He is a partner in my health care and he is solution oriented not symptom oriented. He will use prescriptions to alleviate immediate problems to give himself time to discover the source. He believes in sound nutrition as the foundation for good health. He listens to patients at almost a 6th sense level. He is continually reading, studying and stays as current as possible while managing a fulltime practice. He is really an integrative MD. I've sent many many friends to him and not one of them would be willing to change Dr's after experiencing his quality of care. He treats the whole patient. So we now use him for everything possible..colonoscopies, female exams, physicals etc. He is very well respected in our medical community by the other physicians. They don't come any better than Dr. Brillhart.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
52	1	She took a more natural approach, talking to me about diet rather than pushing medicines on me like so many other doctors.  She prescribed drugs as necessary, but took an active approach in ensuring that I wasn't on the potentially harmful drugs longer than necessary.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
53	0	.  	4	1	2	4 	Insurance:Medicare
53	0	I asked Dr. Bushi to write a letter to my insurance so they would pay for my antidepressants. It took him and his office two months. I was off my meds until my insurance paid for them and it was very difficult. 	2	2	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	Dr. Bushi did a great job evaluating and treating my teenaged son who was at the hospital for bipolar mania/ODD. After a week of no progress Bushi took him off his old bipolar meds, simplified the meds taken and restarted him on new dosages. Bushi was conservative in his treatment of my son's illness and took the time to listen to what I had to say about my son's personal history which has had a tremendous impact on the course and severity of his illness. I found that a refreshing change from my past experiences with psychiatrists in Boise.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
53	1	Good Diagnosis, Good Communication, Focus on Medications, Sometimes does not review patient history prior to visits, thus requiring the patient to recount prior history and clarify patient status. 	5	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	Amazing care and personal attention! Best!He took care of me like I have never had before.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
54	1	always looking to your best interests and willing to help everyone!   Very knowledgeable in his profession. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	Great doctor. Have been taking my family to him for 9 years... amazing!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	I LOVE Dr Baker and his PA's.  They have treated my daughter since day one of her life over 5 years ago.  I love that someone is always available, even after hours.   As a first time mom, this is very much appreciated! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
55	1	Dr Wallace Baker is a pleasure to work with.  Very friendly.  Truly cares.  His PA is equally friendly and caring.  A pleasure.  LOOOVES kids 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
55	0	Thinks there is a prescription drug cure for everything.  Overprescribes, prescribes too strong of painkillers and dosages, doesn't know the intereactions between drugs he prescribes--at least that's what the pharmacist told me--passes his PA's off as though they are doctors.  I know another patient refers to him as the Candy Man when it comes to scoring painkillers.  	3	3	3	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
55	1	Dr Baker has excellent bedside manner and is very knowledgable, making sure to thoroughly address all concerns.  Appointments were made on short notice with no problem.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
56	1	Dr. Berlant has genuine concern for his patients. His ability to look at one's overall health in addition to psychiatric issues adds much to his ability to deal with the issues presented him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	Even when I was a very difficult patient, needing many inpatient hospital stays he never gave up on me.  He really cares about his patients. 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	Dr. Berlant adds to his incredible grasp of medical issues with an obvious concern for the patient.  He is innovative and deeply involved in the lives of those he treats. 	2	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
57	-1	Dr. Baker did an inadequate exam on our daughter and instantly recommended surgery.  I specifically told him that the referring pediatrician thought that she had an irritated throat and infected ears, and Dr. Baker didn't even look in her throat.  Her eyes also had drainage, he wrote a script for her that we later found out was for pink eye.  By then our family had been infected with it, which could have been prevented.  He was very perfunctory, arrogant, and ineffective.  He did not even introduce himself when we met.  We have since visited another ENT in Idaho Falls and have been very happy with his thoroughness and recommendations.  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
57	1	He is the best Doctor we have ever been to he took care of both my doughter and my son i would recomend him to anyone who has little kids he is the best thanks so much..  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
57	1	Dr Baker was is so amazing! I found a bump on the base of my skull. I called his office not only did his receptionists get me in that week but they MADE an appointment for me. the week of my surgery I found yet another bump I called Dr Baker that day. he talked to me about the surgery and the possibility of what was going on. I felt so relived and comforted whit Dr Baker! Thank you so much for helping this scary time be a little more relaxing! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	I would agree that Dr. Terry Baker is a very amazing doctor and one of the kindest people in the world! He is in my opinion the best ear, nose, throat doctor out there! He has helped me so much. I very highly recommend this wonderful doctor, you can count on him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
57	-1	recommended sinus and adenoid surgery for my 10 year old daughter.  I followed up with a pediatric ENT in Salt Lake and found out it was completely UNNECESSARY to have surgery.  Flonase and allergy shots have cured my daughters problem.  THIS DOCTOR HAS A REPUTATION FOR BEING SCALPEL HAPPY.  He performed two bothched surgeries on my neighbor's daughter.   Get another opinion before you allow him to cut you! 	5	5	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
57	1	Awesome- he joked around with my 5-yr old, and made him feel right at home. He made sure we knew what to expect during recovery (no sugar-coating, or &quot;dooms-day&quot; approaches from him). Would highly recommend him. He did show up ~10 minutes later than anticipated for surgery - hardly a reason to not go to him, as the service is excellent, and his bedside manner is great, especially with children (he talks to them like they are real people, and really listens to what they say).  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
57	1	This man is a Doctor. . . Sometimes he brings barnyard animals into his office. thats a little on the odd side. but other than that i was pretty impressed. He must have gone to medical school or something because he knows all sorts of stuff about medicine. I'd say there is about a 79% chance that he has gone to medical school at least once in his lifetime.                                                            oh yeah and he is bald.                                                                                      .                                                                                                                       From Austin Omar Baker 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	dr. baker has done 7 corrective surgeries on me after another idaho falls emt got ahold of me, he has been generous, sympathetic, caring and supportive! he has taken care of me late at night on sundays whatever it took he came to the rescue i truly am humbled by this dr. too bad the fool that screwed up couldn't take lessons from this dr. i strongly recommend baker he will be honest and caring! thank you dr. baker you know who i am i am your most difficult patient, but your biggest fan! 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
57	1	I was scared to get my tonsils removed, but Dr. Baker explained everything I could expect.  I am so pleased to have a doctor that is so thorough and caring.  Thank you. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	Dr. Sarah Biggar is very friendly and professional. I would defnitely see her again. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
59	-1	Incredibly rude to virtually everyone around him.Universally hated by all who know him. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	Had rude comments. I will try not to see him next time.  	5	4	2	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
60	1	Dr. Blea is a very good doctor. Very knowledgeable and friendly. He helped put my husband and I at ease during a very scary time in my pregnancy and he explained things in a way that made you feel better. Highly recommended.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
60	1	Dr. Blea is a wonderful man. He made me feel at ease during an extremely difficult time. He seems to really truly care about his patients and inspires trust. It's nice to find an empathetic doctor (which can be rare). 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	Great doctor. Saved my life. Wonderful bedside manner. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
62	-1	Dr. Baker saw my son for the last 18 months (about 12 visits). Twice I had to wait over 35 min. Recently, when he came to check on my second child in the hospital, he asked us who we were planning to see for regular check-ups. He did not recognize me, my husband, or my son. We bundled up our two babies and headed for the 11:30 appointment through the snowy roads. We checked in at 11:34 and waited about 10 minutes. At this time, they told us they couldn't see us until after lunch because we arrived 4 min late. They suggested we wait until 1:15. We didn't want to wait for an hour an a half. They rescheduled us for the next day since our daughter was healthy. After only 5 days with a newborn and 18 month old, and recovering from a c-section, the trip was not as easy as it once was. We were turned away for being 4 minutes late when I had waited so many times before.  A doctor who sees his lunch break as more of a priority than retaining a client is not someone I want to continue to visit.  	5	3	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	1	Excellent bedside manner, always takes the time to answer questions and is very good with kids.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
63	-1	Dr. Beardsley was my boyfriend's workers comp. assigned doctor. He had horrible bedside manner, was not very knowledgeable in possible surgery outcomes, and also failed to correct my boyfriend's shoulder with surgery. He ended up doing two unsuccessful surgeries on my boyfriend. Also, Dr. Beardsley implied on multiple occasions that my boyfriend was a liar and drug seeker.  	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Workers Comp
64	0	. Long-term patient, but felt she didn't know me at all--didn't take my comments or requests seriously 	5	3	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	-1	Horrible. Rude. Impatient. Treats you like you're ignorant because you can't diagnose yourself. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	Great Doctor!  Helpful, caring, compassionate, wants what is best for the patient, cares for the family too when going through a difficult situation.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
65	1	Dr. Bradley is a knowledgeable and caring dr.  She took the time to make sure I understood what she was doing and telling me.  She answered my questions and encouraged my involvement.  Dr. Bradley is a good doctor.  	 11/23/09	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
66	1	Have used the doctor for two surgeries for two of my children and a hearing test for fourth. Very articulate and explained procedures well. Has a wonderful man who performs audio testing. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
66	-1	looked down Mom's throat for her thyroid...instead of standard check...Glad he wasn't looking for hemhoroids.....probably would of checked ear.  		3	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
66	-1	he doubled my thyroid medication when the blood test was fine and threw me into hyperthyoidism my heart is now messed up for life he refused to se me after he made that mistake 		2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	Dr. Bokelmann is the most personable physician I have met. She takes time with her patients and tries to understand their perspective. She is very respectful in that if something is not working, she is willing to try other things. She does not pick her favorite drugs and have every patient on them like some physicians in our community. She is so helpful, I would give her 100's if I could.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
68	1	Extensive work involving implants.  Dr. was very helpful, answered all questions readily, did not push me to have more than I needed, great followup care including phone calls to home, genuinely cared about my comfort and well being, appears to be a perfectionist which is exactly what I want in my dental care.  I have only had one other dentist in my life (which is long) that measured up to these standards and he was in a different State.  I highly recommend this dentist to anyone who wants the best work available.  The office staff and assistants are always cheerful and helpful and knowledgable 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	Very knowledgeable and truly seems to have my best interest at heart.  I appreciate how thorough his treatment plan is.   He really seems to be concerned for my long-term health benefit.  I also healed much better than I expected.  Very little discomfort. I used sedation and was very comfortable. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	Dr. Bengston provides beyond the standard of care.  He takes over 200 hours of CE a year and provides service for general dentistry, implant dentistry, cosmetic dentistry.  He also does oral conscious sedation which I personally find very comfortable.  My treatment was well planned out and the result was better than I expected.  I would recommend Dr. Bengtson to anyone looking for a dentist of ethic and knowledge.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
70	-1	The doctor did not provide adequate care for the problem I had.  He treat the problem with adequate dose of medication and refused to prescribe additional medication even though I called his office and informed his nurse that I still had the symptoms and pain for the problem I had seen him for.  He ordered a whole bunch of testes but did not provide full proper care to treat the problem.  His total bill was more than what I paid the specialist who treated me with good care.  Rather he just insisted that I see a specialist even though it was obvious that an appointment with a specialist was not available two weeks out.  I consider such a doctor unreliable and unconcerned with the needs of his patient.  I will never go to him nor recommend anyone else to him.  	3	3	1	2 	Insurance:Aetna
71	1	wonderful services, helped a ton, demeanor lovely, clean and warm waiting room, welcoming staff 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
71	1	Excellent service and results.  I would recommend her to anyone. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	Very easy to talk with: Not self rightious like you see so many other doctors become. I like his style. However I do believe in alternative medicines/herbs and plant remedies. A topic that he sometimes will engae in with me. Don't always agree but that's OK!! Dr. Baker is a Good Person. Respectfully:   Rick B.  Garner 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
72	1	Dr. Baker is a wonderful physican who is truly concerned for his patients.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
73	-1	. Dr is very intense--uptight---sent me to a specialist when I did not need one, as told to me by the specialist--have seen himyeel at his nurses 	2	3	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
73	-1	He is a very arrogant and treats others in a patrionizing way. You have no right to your own opinion. He thinks he knows it all and he will let you know it as he is getting angry at you. If he can't determine what is causing your PAIN, he will tell you that its all in your head and that he is tired of your PAIN crap even if your PAIN is REAL. I found a new doc that is now helping me! 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
73	-1	.  	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
73	-1	He is the worst doctor I've ever had. Extremely rude and mouthy. Bad attitude. When he diagnosed me with Fibromyagia and then had the nerve to tell me that he was tired of this pain crap, I told him &quot;so was I&quot; and walked out crying and found a different doctor that is listening and helping me. He was very condescending and patronizing. Any doctor that tells his patient on their very first visit, that he doesn't understand why all his patients are leaving him, that's a BAD DOCTOR!!! 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
73	0	Am looking for another doctor.  My believe Dr. Benson needs to evaluate his actions with patients,we are his bread winners, not some yoyo's who take up his time to annoy him, if he is to busy, make fewer app.  , but that would cut the income 	2	2	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
73	-1	I fell and had a life threatening head injury. I was supposed to see my primary MD within 48 hours after I was discharged from the hospital. His receptionist gave me an appt in a month!!! He has no medically trained staff and doesn't supervise his assistants. I ended up going in to the ER for my follow-up treatment for two weeks and had MRIs every other day for that time until they were sure that I would not suddenly die from a cranial bleed or seizures. When I became upset this moron &quot;fired me.&quot; Thank God! I now have a decent MD.  	 10/21/08	1	2	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
73	1	Dr Benson has been my doctor for 5 years and has always been very polite, courteous, and helpful. I have never waited over 15 minutes past my appt time and his staff has always been very nice to me both on the phone and in person.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
74	0	If you like in and out and don't need chit chat this is for you. He is not a psychologist but still runs on the impersonal side. He says the same greeting, asks what you are looking forward to each time, and is comfortable giving new meds a shot. After all folks,  there is no test for this illness. You guinea pig it til you find the right one. He does spend time looking at his cell....for the hospital or personal im not so sure. Im not thrilled but im not leaving either..just average. 	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
74	-1	I was rushed through my appointment with this DR. like I was insignificant. He was constantly on his cell phone and ignored me. His cell phone conversations took up most of my appointment time with him. He did not have time to understand my problem and diagnosed me without barely speaking to me. I felt like I had been herded in and herded out. Like cattle are.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
74	-1	He called me in 20 minutes late. Let me go 10 minutes early. Then charged me $275 for an initial interview. My understanding is that they charge you more during an initial interview because they take longer to understand your problem. When I contacted his office they said he would charge $275 even if it was 5 minutes! The office was very rude and unhelpful. Enjoy the flat screen television in their lobby..that's where you money is going. This is the worst place I have ever been. 		1	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
75	1	Dr. Babbitt and her staff have helped me when no one else could. She and her staff are exceptional. I have a complicated thyroid disease. She does a terrific job explaining what she is doing and why. I appreciate the time she takes with me. I have waited once or twice for my appointment, but it was definitely work it because she is so thorough and treats me like I really matter. Most clinicians don't even look you in the eye. She listens to you and is compassionate.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
75	1	I did have to wait a long time, but the receptionist acknowledged that fact and offered me a bottled water.  Nurse was very friendly and efficient.  Dr. Babbitt was very knowledgeable about thyroid conditions, she was able to explain things to me that no one else ever had.  She took time with me to explain things and I am very confident in her abilitiy as a physician. 	5	3	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
75	1	Wow, I'm surprised at comments about how cold dr &amp; staff are -- not my experience AT ALL -- I think both are GREAT (staff knows me by name, which I don't go there often enough to expect).  Doc does talk alot, but it's usually where I've directed her to go.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
75	-1	As others have mentioned, Dr &amp; staff are very cold &amp; rigid. Also, as others have mentioned, they are big on ‘Blood tests’. Then, they actually make you pay for a SEPARATE appointment JUST to give you the test results!! They actually REFUSE to give you your test results by phone, or by mail, or even on your 3rd appointment, when they finally get around to seeing you for what brought you there in the first place!! Either you pay for a separate appointment for your test results, or you don’t get them.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
75	1	Both my husband and I are impressed with this Doctor and staff.  They are all friendly.  She keeps up on your blood work, and explains the results in detail.  She does talk a lot, But, it is usually about you, and how to help you feel better.  She has helped my husband bring down his High blood pressure by a lot.  I would recommend her and her staff to anyone. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
75	1	Great Doctor. Friendly staff and very helpful. Highly recommend....  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
75	0	I've received better service elsewhere.  The receptionist, PA and unfortunately Dr. Babbitt are cold as ice and customer service is left in the parking lot.  If you have a thyroid condition, be prepared to hear a 15 minute rant about Synthroid.  Don't waste your breath debating this.  It just won't happen.  Also, be prepared to pay your insurance co-pay at EACH visit- big, small, or just for follow-up. It's policy. Your wallet is greeted before you are.  Overall, I'm not impressed.  Best of luck with your adventure.  	1	3	3	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
75	1	Used to have a courteous, friendly staff.  Now they are as cold and professional as an IRS office.  You have to be patient because you aren't going to get in very fast but the reason why is because she takes the time to talk with you.  She reviews your blood tests and makes her diagnosis and prescribes the necessary meds but it seems like if you tell her about any physical problems she just sends you to some other type of doctor. 	1	1	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
75	1	Dr. Babbitt is unlike most physicians I have been to. She takes time with each patient and does not treat you like a hospital statistic. She is amazingly knowledgeable and is focused on prevention and health maintenance, not disease maintenance and pharmaceutical therapy. I would highly recommend her for anyone and can confidently say that she will have your best health in mind when you see her! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
76	0	I took my 95 yr. old mother for an ESI. He chose not to use xray with her, causing much discomfort and the results were not very successful after a series of 3 injections. I took her to another physician several months later who performed the procedure with xray and she had better relief from 1 injection than 3 from Binegar. He's a very nice person but I would not recommend him to anyone. There are much better out there in Boise.  	2	4	3	2 	Insurance:Medicare
77	-1	After 84 or so visits and his corrective plan, I had bigger problems after his care.  My daughter also saw him this much and there was little or no change in her condition.  My husband now has back issues after his treatment. 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
77	-1	grab your wallet and run for the exit as fast as you can from this guy 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	Dr. Borton's education, training and knowledge base is extensive and her personal experience of some of the same procedures she offers makes her advice invaluable. One of the deciding factors on going to her was her training at UCSF, the prestigious teaching hospital.  I have seen her for almost two years for a number of things including basic dermatology exams, laser surgeries, etc.  I wouldn't hesitate to recommend her as top rated and have in fact recommended her to family and coworkers.  However, you need to follow her instructions if you want the best results if you don't it is on you. She is very trustworthy and her staff is terrific, especially Alex and Amanda. (I put $$$$$ under amount paid because I have had multiple procedures and exams and most not covered by ins. ) 	 5/31/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	0	The staff discusses other patients in front of current patients, it is very unprofessional-I read the bad reviews and agree 100%. 	1	5	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	I've been a patient of Dr. Borton for over ten years and would not think of going elsewhere. With her kind demeanor and her unusual depth of knowledge and insight, Dr. Borton has been a favorite of our whole family.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	1	I went to Dr. Borton about a year ago for a regular checkup and had an excellent experience.  I found her and her assistant and office staff to be most pleasant.  I've been to a lot of dermatologists over the years, and I definitely like her the best.  Don't be put off by a few bad reviews.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	1	I have been going to Dr. Borton for the past 15 years. She is extremely knowledgeable and informative. The Boise area is lucky to have someone with her qualifications and experience.. She works with each patient to asess their needs and wants. She has removed moles as well as helped me with my acne. She has the best skin care lines and the staff will educate you on whatever you would like to know.  Shes also one of the few Drs iv been to thats on time! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	1	I Googled Dr. Borton (I am from the Bay area and have seen Dr. Borton for 14 years) and found these hateful comments.    It seems clear to me that these comments come from people who were unwilling to pay their bills or otherwise had a problem with Dr. Borton’s staff.   While Dr. Borton is certainly amongst the best cosmetic dermatologists  that UC San Francisco has ever produced (and that is saying a great deal if you know what UCSF has produced), she is also one of the best clinical dermatologists in the country.    She would absolutely NEVER start discussing wrinkles with a patient who did not bring up the subject.    She also gives one of the most thorough full skin exams of any dermatologist.   Just take a look at the first issue of San Francisco focus (1993) wherein PHYSICIANS chose which doctor they would send their own family to……of a handful of Bay area MDs, Dr. Borton was listed in Dermatology.  These Boise people have either got to be cheap or stupid.  She is the BEST.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	-1	This doctor only cares about selling you all of the products and services in her office.  I went for a routine skin cancer screening and she spent less than 5 minutes examining me for skin discoloration.  Then spent another hour telling me how I needed lazer surgery for wrinkles.  She is a scam artist! 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	Amazing...I've worked for a doctor in the past and my experience is that when a patient is asked to leave, THEY are the rude and inconsiderate one!  Dr. Borton sees my children and has always been very kind and gentle with them.  Dr. Borton and her staff are kind, professional and very friendly.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	1	I have been seeing Dr Borton for many years and have always found her to be an excellent physician in every regard.  She has caught a couple of things early on and I rely on her skill and expertise.  I also note that because she practices in Sun Valley she has lots of very demanding people wandering in the office and I wouldn't put up with some of the characters I've seen for 10 seconds. I cannot imagine how her staff copes with them.  If you aren't a self-styled diva with poor manners I think you'll find her capable and caring, just like her staff.  	 9/28/09	4	4	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	-1	My experience with Dr. Borton was the worst medical encounter I have ever had. First off, her staff was new and did not know what they were doing, which is forgivable, right, they were new at their job. The staff screwed up my follow up appointments for melanoma. I asked to have my records sent to another physician, and apparently this was a huge request. I was never testy or abrasive about it, but when I went in to have my incision looked at because it was really red, Dr. Borton chewed me out. She said I was being demanding and inappropriate. She did not even ask me what happened. She told me she didn’t want to see me anymore. She was condescending, mean and totally unprofessional.  It was offal and I was humiliated. I will tell you that that is the last thing you want to feel when you are frightened about having skin cancer. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
78	0	Easy to get an appointment, staff was very welcoming and friendly. Wait time was short and felt Dr. Borton tried to find the best solution for me. 	5	4	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
78	-1	I went to see the Dr for a skin cancer screening, but what I got was an 1.5 hour sales pitch of all the products and services the Dr provides.  My skin cancer screening took less than 5 minutes.  She never gave me any info on skin cancer prevention or signs of skin cancer, even after I asked for it.  Instead she gave me a quote of nearly $3000 for lazer treatments that I told them several times that I wasn't interesed in.  The Dr was also rude and spoke about me to her nurse as if I wasn't in the room.   And she billed me and my insurance a total of $385 for a skin cancer screening!  BOTTOM LINE: Go elsewhere!!! 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	-1	Be aware of all charges associated with dermatological procedures.  Shop around and definately get a second opinion.  We were told that if the bill was not paid in full within 2-months of the date of service we would be turned over to collections.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	-1	Be sure and get a second opinion when diagnosed by this doctor.  Also, be sure to ask for paper work which states verbatim the agreement between yourself and the doctors' services.  Ask around to friends and neighbors regarding the reputation of this doctor. 	1	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
79	-1	Worst doctor ever. For my first pregnancy I was scheduled for a few ultrasounds by the other doctors in the office, and every time he would chastise me saying I didn't need any more ultrasounds. He doesn't seem to communicate with the other doctors much...  He doesn't take time to answer questions without making you feel dumb for asking. He is rude and inconsiderate. He's all about getting you in and out of the office, terrible bedside manners.  	2	1	1	2 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
79	-1	I hate this doctor, but love the other ones in the office. He was the one who delivered my daughter and told me I needed to be quiet when I was pushing (I wasn't even really making a sound....) the nurse and my husband both looked at him like he was insane.... then he sat there talking with the nurse about ipods.... not trying to tell me anything about what was going on while I am pushing... just talking about ipods. 	5	4	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
79	-1	Terrible bedside manner.  At one prenatal appointment he did all that he needed to and then was about to leave when my husband said &quot;wait, we have some questions!&quot;.  The appointments always felt rushed.  Then during my c-section, he and the other surgeon were having casual conversation..asking each other about their fancy expensive sport cars and other random things. Very unprofessional.  After the birth I came to see him for postpartum depression.  I had never seen a doctor for depression or anti-depressants before.  I told him I was depressed.  He didn't ask any questions, just wrote a rx and handed it to me!  I then went in to have an IUD put in a year after giving birth.  I asked if it caused accidental (septic) abortion - he said no.  (Not true, read about it online)  He also didn't inform me of side effects.  I had it taken out last year.  We have been trying to get pregnant for 5 mths now and have not had any luck. (There are IUD horror stories out there - DO NOT use it!) 	5	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	He was very professional and took time to go over procedures and everything with me. He was so kind and patient!! His staff was so caring and helpful too! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
79	-1	Dr. Barton is the more horrible doctor on the planet.  He doesn't listen to his patients, he is rude and he tries to intimidate people.  I went to the office because I really liked one of the other doctors that he worked with -- unfortunately this meant that I had to see Dr. Barton a few times. When I was pregnant with my 1st daughter and I was having pains, I had to go see him because he was the only doctor there and he told me that I had at least 3 weeks before I had her, that I wasn't dialated at all.  I gave birth the next day. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	I was very comfortable with Dr. Barton because he is so obviously capable.  Many people have a problem with him because he is not warm fuzzy - he is definately all business but when a problem arrived during my delivery he was collected and reassuring.  I'm not into the false fluffy doctors and found Dr. Barton's straight forward answers to be refreshing.   Great doctor! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
79	0	I felt quite uncomfortable with Dr. Barton. He was always quite rushed and never talked with me much. As he was preparing to do my c-section he asked me about some papers that he had given to me the day before. I had already had my epidural and it was not the time to be asking me about paperwork. Long story short he got very blunt with me and raised his voice because I couldn't remember where the papers were at that moment. He did a good job on my c-section but I did not care for his bed-side manner.  	4	3	2	4 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
80	1	 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	Dr. Barr,  and staff are very wonderful and kind people.  I have a family of 5, and I am so glad we found him!  He has no problem sitting down with any of us and going into details of things.  I highly recommend him,  best doc I have ever seen.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
81	1	Dr Barr is the best Dr that I have ever been to. He is very knowledgable. I will never take my family to see anyone else but Dr Barr. He is WONDERFUL!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	I have been to this doctor several times and he has always been knowledgeable and helpful.  	4	5	4	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
81	-1	Dr. Barr is a poor excuse for a Doctor , he thinks he is God and can't ever be wrong but he is wrong most of the time.  HE SUCKS BIG TIME!!!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
81	-1	Doctor Barr is very rude with poor bedside manners and he dont know what the hell he is talking about. He miss diagnosed me and i will never go back to him again.  	5	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
82	1	always helpful and willing to get to the problem and solve it. He doesn't just treat the symptoms, but tries to find a final solution to the problem.  Not quick to send you to a specialist unless it is really necessary. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	Dr Bressler is a great physician. Who is is very. knowledgeable.  He also takes the time to explain. too what yoou don't. understand.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
83	1	Scott really listens, both to medical concerns and financial ones. He answers ALL questions, no matter how trivial they may seem, and never acts like a patient is an idiot. I go in with a printed sheet of questions and he makes sure every one is taken care of. He stays on top of new developments and new drugs, but tries to go the least expensive route when it's medically equivalent. A great believer in prevention, and tries to make sure the patient is as informed and active in their treatment as possible. If he every leaves this area, I'm going to have to move, too! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	Dr. Beazer has been my dentist for many years and I've been pleased with the service from check-ups and cleanings to crowns.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
84	-1	I requested a filling or extraction.  After preping my tooth, Mark Beazer refused to put a composite filling.  He proceeded to tell me metal fillings were safe.  Due to a medical reason, I was unable to have a metal filling.  Mark Beazer then got angry and went back in my mouth with his drill.  I now have incredible pain and need an extraction. 	1	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
