dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	We absolutely LOVE Dr. Naya! She is knowledgable, kind, friendly,funny and patient! Definitly the best pediatrician in Idaho! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	My family loves Dr. Naya. She was my son's pediatrician for his first three years and always had time to answer all our questions. Dr. Naya is a knowledgeable, friendly and personable pediatrician. When we moved out of state, we missed leaving Dr. Naya behind the most.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
2	1	My daughters have always had great help from Dr. Ambrosen. He takes the time to answer any questions and doesn't rush to the next patient.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	1	This Dr. was my Daughters Pediatrician. He was there for us. When we were out of town and she had her Ear enfection he was there for us. She was very comfortable with him. and his Nurse Deb. 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	-1	mis-diagnosed my daughter... and a very hard to talk with doctor.  	4	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	1	Answers all questions.  Excellent with our kids.  Explains why he's recommending a course of treatment and what outcomes should be.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	1	Dr. Ambrosen is such a kind, caring, knowledgeable physican.  He genuinely cares for his patients and he has a wonderful calm demeanor.  There may be other physicians as good, but none better.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
2	1	He is very kind and understanding.  When my daughter was born 4 1/2 weeks early, weighing 4.9lbs and not eating the first week.  He happened to be the oncall pediatrician that night at the hospital.  after working a 12 hour shift that day and having just left for the night when we got there, he came back and stayed with my daughter for another 3 hours running tests and trying to make sure everything was ok with her.  He is awesome both my kids go to him and I wouldn't go to anyone else.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
3	1	Staff is so rude and incompetent, won't make the great Dr. worth it. 	1	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	-1	I am very concerned regarding what I have already experienced, and I haven't even met her yet. It seems that her case load is so heavy that she doesn't have the time to properly take care of me. With the scheduling issues, I am deeply concerned that my husband will not be able to attend the only portion of the pregnancy that he has the opportunity to attend. And, the most important portion to us. The ultra sound of determining the sex of the baby. My husband is in the Army soon to deploy a third time. He has a two week period of coming home to be here during this appointment. The scheduling is so booked that it does not appear he will be able to attend. What is more difficult is that the front office staff seems to not care, to even consider listening to why this is so important. He will be here only for this appointment, and the delivery. He will be away for the first 8 months of our child's life. And I can't get an appointment&#63; I can't even speak to my doctor regarding this&#63; 	2	2	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	She is the sweetest person I have ever met.  Usually I don't care about doctors because they are arrogant and make you feel they are always in a hurry.  Dr. Anstine is so calm and gentle and of course knows what she's doing.  I used to go to a partner in her practice but I switched to her because I found her to be more understanding and caring.  It is true, I found I had to wait to see her because many times she would be delivering babies, but I always thought that to be understandable and I thought if that was my situation I would like Dr. Anstine to deliver my baby.  Obviously babies don't announce when they will arrive so her hours are kind of unpredictable.  Bottom line, I am glad she is my doctor!!! 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	Dr. Anstine is an amazing doctor. She is without a doubt the most knowledgeable, caring, patient, giving, loving, and honest doctor I have ever been to. I wish I would have found her years ago. I can see why her practice is now closed to new patience -- everyone wants to see her. Reading the reviews of some of the people who rated her poorly saddens me and makes me wonder if they are happy with ANY doctor, or just like to find faults with everyone and everything in their lives. I do have to wait a while to see her, but once I do, she really listens and cares about me personally, and I know she is doing the same for others, so being patient is only courteous. Again, Dr. Anstine is absolutely an amazing doctor and an amazing person.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
3	0	I was referred to Dr Anstine and my husband and I were very disappointed. I was in the hospital for vaginal bleeing at 6 months and she didnt even know, she said &quot;Oops, sorry I didnt read your chart&quot; after she almost left our appointment without saying anything. Then they would call me and tell me I had to come done ASAP because they forgot to give me my shot and one time I drove all the way down there from Eagle and they decided they wanted to wait. But, most importantly, the carelessness of her and her staff could have cost me and my daughter our lives. She prescirbed me a potassium supplement and I filled the prescription and almost took it like it said on the bottle. I second guessed it and called them. They messed up. If i had taken it like it said on the bottle it could have seriously hurt my daughter and I, and possibly even killed us. Dr Anstine said she will reimburse me for the pills but what if I had taken them instead of second guessing it&#63; We changed doctors at 7 months.  	3	2	3	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	THE BEST WORD TO DESCRIBE DR. ANSTINE IS AN ANGEL! IN FACT I WISH I WAS STILL PREGNANT SO I COULD HAVE MY WEEKLY VISIT WITH HER. SHE IS FULL OF COMPASION AND CARE. NOT VERY OFTEN WILL YOU MEET A PERSON THAT IS AS &quot;REAL&quot; AS SHE IS. SHE WAS ABLE TO ANSWER ALL MY QUESTIONS AND CALM MY FEARS ABOUT CHILD BIRTH. IN FACT HER AND I WENT THROUGH BEING PREGNANT TOGETHER. I WAS SO HAPPY THAT SHE WAS ABLE TO DELIVER MY DAUGHTER, A WEEK LATER SHE HAD HER SECOND CHILD. I WOULD RECOMEND DR. ANSTINE 100% TO ANY WOMAN LOOKING FOR AN OBGYN!! I WILL BE BACK TO SEE HER WHEN I DECIDE TO HAVE ANOTHER CHILD. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	I LOVE Dr. Anstine as my OBGYN! She is so sensitive to the issues I have and she is very knowledgeable about the complications I have with each pregnancy. I have OCD and she was so supportive of helping me find medication that I could use during pregnancy. She was also awesome with my deliveries (group B strep infections in the baby and meconium aspiration in the baby). She always takes her time to listen to my concerns and address them in a thorough manner. She was quite often preemptive of any concern that may have come up. In fact, I like her so much, I wish she could be my primary care physician. I hate being pregnant, but I miss going in to see her, I felt like she took such good care of me. She was also great with giving me facts about birth control, and recommended an IUD which I absolutely love! The only times she was late were when she was in a delivery (understandable!) :) It sounds like the previous poster saw an imposter! She is the epitome of tact and caring.  :) 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	I have never before had a doctor that I loved so much. She takes time with me and answers all of my questions.  I feel so comfortable being treated by her during my pregnancy and beyond! 	 8/17/06		4	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	She is one of the best doctors we have ever gone to. She is caring, considerate and very knowledgable. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	-1	I only saw Dr. Anstine twice. Both times I waited nearly an hour for my appt. Although she seems sweet, I found that she didn't listen to me or take my concerns seriously. I felt like I had to push her to get her to take any action regarding infertility. Also, she was extremely insensitive to my struggle with my weight. She told me to go to weight watchers DURING a ****l exam! That is not when you want to hear comments on your weight! Maybe if you are completely &quot;normal&quot; in terms of your cycle, health, weight, etc. she would be the right Dr. for you, but if you have any struggles I'd suggest finding someone else.  		1	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	I have been going to Dr Harper for the past year  I changed Doctors when the one I was seeing becoe so busy with other aspects of her practice that she didn't have the time to spend on a regular exam it was right in and right out no time for Q&A.; I am a nurse and so I know good treatment from bad and have never recieved bad treatment. Dr Harper has always taken the time to listen explain and offer suggestions and alternate treatments that will benefit me and being diabetic and over weight I appreciate the compassion and time he takes with me when I am there. I have always been treated with consideration and empathy, I would reccommend Dr Harper and Dr Adams. Thanks for all you and the PA's do.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	-1	I do not recommend this doctor. I had trauma to my right lung and he told me I had a tumor, cisses, and maybe a puncture! So now I have a ER/trauma bill from both Madison Hospital and EIRMC + the ambulance to transfer me to EIRMC. The radiologist at EIRMC laughed at what he told me. the only thing I really have is ripped tissue in my lung. So now its probably more than double the cost because Dr. Adams didn't treat me properly. I do not recommend him for anyone and especially if your a trauma patient. Also, I have no cancer in my family nor any lung condition. My other lung is very healthy.  	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	Very happy as they haave taken time to learn of my personal problem and how to help with it. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	We made Dr. Adams and his partner Dr. Harper our permanent family doctors.  Our daughter and her family and our son and his family have both gone to Dr. Adams and Dr. Harper  They are respectful, Take time to listen and I have never felt &quot;brushed off&quot;.  I am an RN so I feel I have a good sense between a &quot;cha-Ching&quot; doctor and one who really cares about the patients they are treating.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	Extremely caring and thorough doctor. Besides being a great doctor he also understood I wasn't made of money, nor was monthly payments for medical debt in my families best interest. I was only ever sent to a specialist when it was actually needed and in those cases I was completely informed as to why I was being referred to someone else. It is also not uncommon for him to first call a potential specialist to make sure the extra co-pay to see another doctor will be used to move ahead and not simply paid out to be told, &quot;wait it out, go ahead see your regular doctor as planned and go from there.&quot; A doctor like him is not only hard to find these days but also irreplacable.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	-1	After being told I need tested with sleep apnea I was sent to Asher.  He said he thought I suffered from depression not sleep apnea and prescribed Cymbalta rather than test me. After three years of misery snd having Asher tell me everything was in my head I told my personal physican I could not stand being so tired all the time and getting headaches and wanted off the Cymbalta. She was upset that I had been put on Cymbalta when she had sent me to get tested for sleep apnea. I was then scheduled for the sleep test showing I suffered from SEVERE sleep apnea.  Asher could care less what was wrong with me, showed total disinterest in my symtoms but hurridly took my money.   He needs to retire!!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	-1	We could never get any answers and just a runaround. He dismissed our concerns and was of no help.  I had to go on my own to seek help from other doctors. We got no andwers at all.  	3	3	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	-1	This man was rude, dismissive and told me not to &quot;borrow trouble&quot; when I asked if my husband's REM disorder precluded Parkinson's disease.  Four years later my husband was diagnosed with Parkinson's after hearing &quot;it's only age&quot; for years and he was only 70, now doing well with another neuro who listens.  And yes, the automated answering service will drive anyone nuts.  Takes 6 hours to get a callback.  	2	1	1	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
6	1	Dr. Asher is one of those rare doctors who truly hears what you sayand figures things out because it's as important to him as it is to you! I feel like he is my knight in shining armor, as he helped me in 1985, and I'm sure I'm still here today because of him!!! He will always be my hero!! Sincerely, Sue Gassert [Faulkner] 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	Finally a doctor that really listens. Easily one of my best experiences in a professional office. Thanks. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	One of the best docs I've been to. He takes time to discuss what's going on and listens to the patient. My only beef is with the automated telephone system in his office. I have never been able to reach a live person when I've called and callbacks are not particularly prompt.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	1	Very knowledgeable, very helpful and patient in exploring all options. Wonderful about returning calls when a problem occurs.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
6	1	Very Nice Wonderful Doctore...Nice Dresser/Very Clean Cut.Very Helpful.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	-1	He was late rude and didn't even take five minutes of his time to answer questions. 		2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
7	-1	This doctor is the ABSOLUTE WORST. The first thing this doctor will do is change your medicine - and I'm not joking - I've talked to many other psychiatrists and they recommend if you get this doctor to SWITCH IMMEDIATELY. Due to this medical change, I had to go to a recovery hospital FOR TWO WEEKS all because I said I was tired from the medicine! This doctor is very vague, never returns calls, and doesn't listen to you when you try to talk. Avoid this doctor at all costs, she only cares about shoving pills down your throat and nothing about you. 	2	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	She is very prompt, staff is knowledgeable; always call back with test results, knows when to refer to another specialist; VERY personable and understands. Fills prescriptions after a phone call if we have discussed the issue in the office. Office has evening hours and Saturday hours.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	This man is one of the best. He is professional, caring and does excellent with children. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	I know you'd like to think you'll never need to know this, but Anderson gives the best shots in town! I've never felt a single thing he's done! Great. He has helped me with fillings, sealants, and whitening.  Satisfied with all! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	1	Very knowledgable nurse practitioner who takes the time to get to know you and personalizes your care. Usually can get same day appointments. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	 	5	4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	Dr. Adcox is the best doctor I have ever gone to.  He never gave up on me even when it didn't look good for my recovery.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
13	1	The BEST Dr. I have ever had!!! I have been with him for 17 years. He has work above and beond what I had expected. He cares about me beond my medical problems and that is is hard to find in a Dr. in any field.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	1	Best physician I've used. He is knowledgable about all aspects of medicine. He is extremely caring for me as a patient. He is concerned about my overall health, not just my kidneys. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	Dr. Adcox is a great doctor. He cared much about my health. He also was great to answer any questions I needed to be answered. I will keep coming to him as my doctor! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	Dr. Adcox has been very helpful to me and provides good care even though I don't have insurance.  He is detailed in his questions and keeps track of my many health problems.  He sees me whenever I need it and keeps my prescriptions up to date.  I am very satisfied with him and feel that he is knowledgable in his field. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	-1	Dr. Adcox has provided poor care for my mother. If you are on dyalisis he will not even take you back to the examination room. You must expect to discuss your personal medical history in front of other patients...that is if you get to see him at all.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
14	1	. very soft spoken ,answered all my questions and explained them in layman terms 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	VERY KNOWLEDGEABLE ABOUT ALL ASPECTS INCLUDING MEDICINE INTERACTIONS ...  VERY PATIENT ORIENTATED 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
15	1	Right knee replacement. Dec. 2008. Recovery went well as he followed my progress front to back. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	Dr. Altenburg did 2 total knee replacements on me. I have multiple immune diseases and medical allergy problems. He researched my particular problems and changed some procedures accordingly. He was also very warm and personal. His knowledge and training was very impressive. I would very highly recommend him and I'm so glad I went to him.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
15	1	This doctor did a total hip replacement on me. I would highly recommend him for this procedure. He also returned a phone call on a Sunday.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	Dr. Armstrong is wonderful! I am in and out at my appt.'s in less than 45 minutes. He is very knowledgeable, and is more than willing to answer any questions that you might have. I have had a very positive experience and look forward to him delivering the rest of my kin.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	He is nice and seemed knowledgeable, and is very calm and quiet as well.  He delivered my baby and was ready for delivery promptly.  We had some complications that he handled well.  I am pleased with my experience with him and would recommend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	Great doctor. Helped me when no one else could. Recommend to everyone. Didn't like the practice as well. I went when in Nampa a few years ago. I know he is in a different office now. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	-1	Dr Anderson First said that I Did not need Surgery for 2 ruptured disk. sent me to have a nerve test She Told me I have Sever nerve Damage in Both Legs So he went ahead and did surgery,, Was great for 2 day then the pain started again... I called the office and was told I would be in pain for as long after surgery as before ... so 2 weeks later I had my doctor order another MRI and when Dr Anderson found out he went and ordered one sooner and found the L5 Disk Ruptured and was draining out less than a month after the first surgery I was back under the knife again and he was 7 hours late getting to the Hospital and very Cold and uncaring.. He is a Jerk and knows nothing about backs all he did was screw mine up worse......  STAY AWAY FROM HIM 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
17	-1	Dr. Anderson did surgery on a family member to remove a brain tumor.  He did not search for a primary tumor before operating and the brain tumor proved to stage 4 lung cancer.  This surgery was unnecessary and the brain lesion would have been better treated with radiation.  Dr. Andersen was difficult to talk with, did not deliver the pathology to the family, didn't monitor post-op recovery adequately and exhibited absolutely no compassion for his patient or the patient's family.  	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
17	1	He did an excellent job.  He answered all my questions fully. I had 2 operations.  One to put hardware into my back.  Then after it was healed I had the hardware removed.   I would recommend him to everyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
17	1	This doctor is one of the nicest men I have ever met. He always has a smile on his face and a good outlook on the situation. He would always answer any question I had with enthusiasm and great detail without using confusing medical jargon. When I was pregnant Dr. Anderson saved me from having brain surgery and helped me to have my baby and then at a later time he did the brain surgery which probably saved my baby's life as well as my own. He spent over 8 hours doing surgery in a place no bigger then a silver dollar and his only complaint was his hands were getting a little cramped up. Also he was very helpful and nice after the surgery. I would recommend Dr. Anderson to anybody. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	Dr. Archibald is the best OBGYN I have ever used. He's always friendly, helpful and never in a hurry. He takes all my worries seriously. He's great! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	Dr. Archibald and his staff are so amazing! They are like family, so warm, welcoming, friendly, funny. I can't say enough nice thigs about him. He has delivered all 3 of my kids and I wouldn't go to anyone else. He does treat you like you are his only patient and he is WONDERFUL!!!! Highly recommended. He has always gone above and beyond to make you feel comfortable and up to speed on what is going on. Great bedside manner also.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
18	1	I couldn't agree more withe the other reviewers.  Dr Archibald made childbirth such a wonderful experience.  He really does listen, make you feel at ease and explain things to a tee.  He gives you the sense that you are the only patient in his practice.  I recommend him to everyone.   He couldn't be more respectful, appreciative, knowledgeable or funny!  A wonderful Doctor! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	1	dr. archibald is a true gem; he went above and beyong for my total abdominal hysterectomy and i appreciate everything thing he did!  He also has a very hilarious sense of humor which put me at ease! and when the nurses were having trouble catheritizing me, he jumped in and did it in a snap. so many doctors see you as just &quot;another patient&quot; but i feel that dr. archibald really is looking out for me as an indvidual.   thank you doc! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	1	Dr. Archibald and his staff set the standard for patient care.  I recc. them to everyone I know and personally i drive 30 min out of my way to see him.  He really is the best OB doctor around by a landslide! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	He is a wonderful doctor that makes you feel at ease does everything he can for you & explains things so clearly. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	Dr. Allen was extremely knowledgeable and competent!  He was easy to talk with, answered all my questions, and always got back to me in a timely manner before and after surgery.  We expunged all our options before surgery was performed and then the results were phenomenal.  I have since moved to Washington and will return to Dr. Allen should any problems arise in the future.  Thank you Dr. Allen! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	very competent Dr. would go back for treatment as necessary. Well qualified & caring.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	He really cares about his patients!  Spends the time needed to explain procedures and options.  Good follow-up after surgery; he calls patient frequently.  Kind and knowledgeable.  I wouldn't hesitate to see him again.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	-1	First of all I had to fax my paperwork repeatedly to them becuase they would lose it or give me the worng fax number,   2nd of all the receptionists r very rude, and treated me like i was dumb and not ill at all, I was 7 minutes late to my appointment and Dr.Ader flat out said, &quot;if you plan on being late again dont bother showing up I am busy and you just waisted my time.&quot; Im having memory problems really bad due to Lupus but he wouldn't hear it or anything I said and i thought my appointment was at 8:30. He never looked through my paper work so when he finally came to look me over he had done no prior research on me and said he couldn't help me and to just up my prednisone by 5mgs. I do that anyway for bad days thank you Eisenstein. They said they could work out payment plans, then at my next visit decided they couldn't and wanted another $100 which i didn't have i have been to sick to go to work. So they turned me away even though im in really bad shape and can barely walk at age 25 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	I like that Dr. Affleck takes the time to answer questions and doesn't seem rushed.  	 1/27/12	5	4	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	-1	. very poor unknowledgable don't care just pay the money and get out 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
22	1	I would highly recommend Dr. Agee. Very competent and organized. Staff was absolutely fabulous. Thank you for doing a wonderful job on my hernia repair. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	-1	I was always polite and courteous with Dr. Agee in our appointments at all times.  For a surgeon, I wanted someone who was top-notch, kind and understanding.   As I got to know him, he became more pompous and arrogant.  My mistake.  I never should have tolerated his over-confident arrogance.  I should have switched surgeons immediately.  But I didn’t.  And I paid for it.   After the surgery by Dr. Agee, he was a different.  He was 100% insensitive to my excruciating pain.  He prescribed ineffective pain medication.  It had almost no effect on me.  I was in painful anguish.  The drugs he prescribed had powerful, negative side effects.  Worst pain of my life.  After the surgery, Dr. Agee acted curt. As if he could care less.  I thought he was spaced out and detached.  He was callous and insensitive.  Wrong surgeon for me.  My fault.  I made the stupid mistake of choosing him as a surgeon.  He was the worst, most miserable doctor of my life.  Doctors grade: F-.   DO NOT choose this man.  	4	5	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	I was lucky to find Dr. Anderson.  He saved my vision.  Other &quot;famous Ophthalmologists in town&quot; misdiagnosed my cornea dystrophy. Dr. Anderson takes lots of time with his patients.  I rather wait 45 min. than have a doctor that sees me for 3 min.  He is the best! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	I was very confused about my benefits under my new vision plan, and Dr. Anderson's office staff were very helpful and patiently explained everything I needed to know. Additionally, the staff spent a considerable amount of time assisting me in finding the right frames. I have, and will continue, to recommend Dr. Anderson.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
23	-1	Poor communication skills. Did not seem to be aware of patients needs. 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	Dr aguilar has been my daughters doctor since she was born. I love how nice he is and the funny things he says...but the more I went to him, the more I realized that he says generic things about her because he doesnt really remember who she is. Also, I rated down the staff because they dont know who we are either. Granted, she has an odd name, its a family Danish name and its spelled weird, but honestly, they have seen her for appts at least 15 times, and EVERY TIME, they either say her name wrong, or they are surprised that she is female...I mean really,,, make a note on the chart for goodness sakes. Its important to me to feel like I am known to them, and that they know her as well, and I dont feel that way.  	2	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
24	1	Dr. Aguilar is the only pediatrician I trust with my kids.  He is well educated, kind and gentle and extrememly thorough. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	Dr Aguilar is a wonderful doctor.  He takes a personal interest in our children and family.  He is very caring and thorough in explaining procedures.  He makes sure to provide all the information necessary for us as parents to make informed decisions for our children's care.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
24	1	Dr.  Aguilar is wonderful, and his nurse Cindy is the best! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	1	I could not be more pleased in the care we have received from Dr. Aguilar. He went above and beyond the call of duty when our 2 month old daughter was hospitalized for RSV. He is always respectful about the choices we make regarding our children's health. We are so thankful to have him as our Pediatrician.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	He treated myself and my 21 year old son. I found him completely professional and took his time with us. My son told me he like this doctor the best. My son had multi problems that needed address and Dr Agler address all our concerns and questions. 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	-1	by Justin Corr KTVB.COM Posted on October 8, 2010 at 6:27 PM Updated yesterday at 3:24 PM   BOISE -- A Boise doctor had his license to practice medicine restricted after allegations of inappropriate sexual conduct with patients. Dr. David Agler at Saint Alphonsus Medical Group.  	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	-1	It was easy for him to push me off to another Dr. rather than listen a little bit more and try to help. I found him to be very rude and he got very short with me when another one of Dr.'s ordered a test for me that he should have done in the first place rather than send me for a very expensive CT.  I would not refer him to anyone I know. I was very unhappy with everything he did.  	2	4	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	He is very caring and takes time to listen to your needs and puts you at ease with a great bed side manner. I would refer Dr. Agler to anyone. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	Haven't yet scheduled an appointment with Dr. Anderson, but spoke with him at length about contacts/dry eyes. Was impressed at the time he spent answering my questions, even though I am not yet a patient. My low rating is due to his glasses &quot;expert&quot;. I went in to have my Silhouettes adjusted and Anderson's optician made a HUGE mess of them. Afterward, I had to go over to Shopko's optical center to have them undo the damage. Any optician worth his/her salt knows to heat these glasses before bending them. Anderson's optician not only did NOT heat them, but was bending them cold with pliers and screwed up one of the hinges!! Lee--the optician at Shopko--heated them, undid most of the damage, and was WAY more knowledgeable and patient with my needs. While I may still go to Dr. Anderson for contacts, I will never again go there to have my glasses adjusted. Shopko's optician did a far superior job and will definitely be my first choice in the future when I need help with these glasses. 	1	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	Took care of difficult problem in right eye. Healed quickly without pain or problem. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
27	-1	Me and my family asked many qustions and she told us everything was fine with my daughter.  My daughter ended up being very ill and i found out that everything was not fine. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	I love my daughters pediatrician! She is so smart, and even encourages you to ask lots of questions (even if they are dumb ones). Bedside manner is awesome, and will spend as much time with you as you need.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	1	Dr. Anderson is easy to talk to at appointments. He seems knowledgeable when dealing with health issues. He always takes the time to answer your questions. I would reccommend Dr. Anderson over alot of the other Dr's that work at the clinic.  	3	4	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	1	Dr. Agrusa is extremely knowledgeable, very realistic and kind. He is an excellent surgeon as well.  I have had excellent results and positive experiences under his care.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	1	Wish he was my Dr. for everything!! He is always on time, helpful, &amp; understanding. He never ever made me feel rushed or like a number. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	I had spent many years suffering from problems with fibroids and endometriosis.  After talking to other doctors and being told I had to just live with it.  Dr. Agrusa was able to do a myomectomy and this totally was successful in giving me my sanity back.  I have been a patient now for 7 years and am grateful someone referred me to him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	1	Dr. Agrusa is wonderful.  I am an RN and so have a different view than most.  He may be running behind sometimes but nothing like the other numerous OB/GYN docs I have worked with! He is knowledgeable, kind, realistic and  compassionate.  I wish they all were like Dr.  Agrusa!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	1	I have nothing but good things to say about Dr Agrusa. I would have to say the most important thing is he never makes you feel rushed when speaking to him as other doctors do. He is always willing to answer any and all of our questions with the utmost patience. As a husband and father, I am very impressed with the respect that he not only gives my wife, but myself and children also. I definitely respect a doctor who will not only speak to the patient, but will make direct eye contact and involve the husband on all matters as well. I will always recommend him to all of the couples I come across looking for a good OBGYN doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	1	I loved Dr. Agrusa, he is wonderful.  I would highly recommend him.  The only down side is that OBGYN and associates is hardly ever on time.  They ask you to show up 15 minutes early and then you wait another 15 minutes past your appointment time.  But I would still say it is worth the wait. 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	I have been seeing Dr Agrusa for 2 years now and have had my ups and downs. I think he is a great doctor whom I have grown to really respect and trust. He is very friendly and caring. He listens to me and never makes me feel little. I dealt with preterm labor my second time around and he had great knowledge and help getting me to 38 weeks! He often would get grumpy on the phone when calling after hours but overall he has excellent bedside manor. I never felt uncomfortable around him. I would HIGHLY recommend him as a doctor.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
29	1	I have never been provided care by a physician like that of Dr.Agrusa's...he is a wonderful doctor! He is always interested in my concerns, answers all my questions throughly, is available any time of day for emergencies/concerns(and returns messages promptly), and genuinely cares about my health. If I ever have a question that he doesnt' know the answer to, he admits that he doesn't know, and then finds an answer for me. I have never had to wait to be seen, as he is very punctual. I will never see another gynecologist as long as he resides in the area.  He's the bomb! I would highly recommend anyone to his care! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	-1	Dr. Agrusa was rude and unwilling to provide assistance on my medical needs and concerns.  He was also not knowledgeable on my illness nor was he willing to do any research on my behalf regarding my health condition.  He also stated what I had was a rare illness which I later found out to be a false statement.  He also did not provide any assistance of helping me locate another doctor that could be provide me medical help.  On a few of my office visits I was required to wait a long period of time before I was able to see Dr. Agrusa.  I would not recommend Dr. Agrusa.  	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
30	1	Dr. Andary is a fantastic doctor and he is extremely competent and knowledgeable.  However, there is a long waiting time to get in for appointments. 	4	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	Dr. Andary totally fixed my shoulder after 3 of the best orthopedic surgeons in two states told me that it was not fixable. I had already had  shoulder surgeries due to my arm being caught in an elevator door. For 9 years I lived in excruciating pain and although the various surgeries helped there was still a deep penetrating  pain that made my life miserable. All this time there was a full thickness subscapularis tear that no one had picked up on and because of how much time that had gone by the 3 other Dr.s said it was to late to fix due to the complete atrophy of the muscle involved. I needed to borrow a tendon to attach to this atrophied, tiny scrap of muscle but the risk was too high that I might lose the complete mobility of my arm if things did not go well, like if the tendon transplant died, so no one wanted to touch it. Dr Andary suggested borrowing a donor achillies tendon for the transplant and it worked beautifully. No more pain and I have complete function of my arm.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	1	Best doctor I've ever had. He listens, he cares and he does everything he can to help you. He gave me the only med that has ever worked for me, when other doctors told me I was too high of a risk for suicide. He works with my insurance needs and makes sure I always have what I need. Hands down, the best. I wish every doctor operated the way this man does. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	Dr. Ashaye is the best! Punctual, and to the point. Listens to my needs, and addresses them accordingly. Has a huge heart, and cares about people. Wouldn't think of being seen by anyone else.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
31	1	Dr.  Ashaye is a very caring and takes his time with his patients to get to know them 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	1	He is my fairies doctor at the Madison women's clinic! I feel like he has time and I am important as a patient, never rushed or mean. I highly recommend him! Very caring. Cares about mom and baby. Great doctor! 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	I love this doctor! He is the reason I go to Madison Women's Clinic. He has helped me with infertility and getting pregnant twice now. He is very professional. Very kind. He answers every question I have. He is so knowledgeable. I ask for him every time I go. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	Wonderful!!!  Really cared and took time to answer my questions! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	Dr. Allred is very friendly and caring while still being professional. He always took time to answer any of my questions and always made me feel very comfortable.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
33	-1	. All I can say is Horrible!!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	1	Felt like he was a family member.  Was fun enjoyable and extremely smart.  I felt that I was in great hands with his care.  I see him for a very difficult problem, but he makes the experience almost fun. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	Fantastic, caring man. I took  my Down Syndrome son that is scared to death of the Dentist. This Doctor worked wonders with him. I am so very pleased 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	Very good chairside manner and excellent dentist who will take the time to do things right.  Does a great job of explaining procedures and answering questions. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	the staffs wonderful appointments right on time  dr alexander is a very polite nice man.  his filling say put.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
36	0	She is nice, but arrogant.  Probably knows her field well, but not good at relating to parents of children she works with.  Staff typically displays &quot;an attitude&quot; and often rude. 	2	2	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	This guy is GOOD! Straight talk. No unnecessary tests. 	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	I saw Dr. Allen for my entire 9 month twin pregnancy. He was fantastic! I received excellent care and he showed genuine compassion and care for me and my babies. He did a wonderful job with the delivery (no c-sec) and I went home with happy, pink babies.  What more could you ask for&#63;  He spent quality time with me at each visit and he always listened to my concerns. It was a great experience.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	-1	Went for a physical including gyn exam. He didn't bother with a breast exam, just said that I should get a mammogram.  Did not ask for current medications.  No labwork requested although I need it annually for dosaging of medications.  I felt that I received very poor care from an unconcerned physician.  	2	4	2	2 	Insurance:Wellpoint
38	1	Dr. Allen is by far the BEST doctor I have been to. I have seen him for OB and GYN and I would never go to anyone else! Not only did he save my life when I had serious GYN problems but after I got pregnant and had a lot of complications he delivered my baby 2 months early and saved her life. Dr. Allen actually sits down and listens to you and when you tell him something he doesn't just brush it off. No matter how many patients he has he ALWAYS makes you feel like you are the most important one. He knows what he is talking about and wont beat around the bush. He tells you when he is worried about you and most of all he is easy to talk to. You can ask him ANYTHING and he wont bat and eye or make you feel weird for asking it or make you feel stupid for not knowing the answer. Dr.  Allen is a GREAT choice!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
