dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	Cher is extremely competent and caring.  I could not ask for more in a doctor.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	1	Helpful and friendly doctor. Makes you feel like if she doesn't know the answer..she won't stop until she finds it. Respects my wishes to look at alternative therapies instead of medication and doesn't treat me like an idiot when I want to research things on the Internet myself. I am sorry other people have had such bad experiences but I would say go see her and judge for yourself.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	-1	This is the worst doctor I have ever gone to. She is unknowledgagle and has an attitude of &quot;I don't care about your problems&quot;. She seemed only concerned about how much money she made. Plus, she has the rudest receptionist you could ever find. Overall, I had a terrible experience when I went to this doctor. I have since changed doctors.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
1	-1	.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	-1	This doctor is the worst one I have ever gone to in my life. She was unknowledgeable, unfriendly, and rude. Plus, her receptionist is the most rude person you'll ever have the misfortune of meeting.  Avoid this doctor! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	1	Incredible.  Best doctor my family has ever had.  Dr Jacobsen makes you feel at ease and takes a genuine interest in making sure your health is her top priority.  She is fantastic.  We have referred many other patients to her practice without a moment of hesitation.  I have complete confidence in her medical knowledge and commitment to her patients.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	-1	Doctor's staff was rude. Doctor was only concerned about money and charged me for a follow-up visit that was supposed to be free (I had been told it would be). Doctor did not noice I had a medical condition that an OBGYN immediately recognized. It was far advanced, and he commented that my general practioner should have easily seen it when she did my pap smear. (Makes me wonder). Doctor seemed unfriendly, unconcerned about my medical problems, rushed me, and made me very nervous. The staff did NOT want to zerox copies of my medical tests and made me seem to be a bother when I asked. I quit going to this doctor and found a much friendlier and more knowledgeable one. I'm so glad I did. I regret ever using this doctor. It was a bad experience for me, and I feel I did not get quality care.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	1	She is really on top of medical issues and concerns; also has great interpersonal skills with patients.  Willing to spend the time needed to answer all questions.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	1	Dr. Jacobsen is the best!!  I am a veteran and had multipul problems following my deployment.  After years of fighting with the VA, I started seeing Dr. Jacobsen.  Within two visits she had the proper tests lined up and the right meds for me to take.  I am so sad that I had to move away from the Coeur d' Alene area.  I truly dought I will ever find a doctor like her again.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	1	Dr. Cher is brilliant!  She really listens and has excellent skills.  One of the best doctors I have ever met. 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	I absolutely love Dr Cher.  She is a wonderful doctor and I would highly recommend her.  I, like the previous poster, do not care much for the receptionist who need a lot of people skills.  She is rude and obnoxious.  Her name is Kay.  The rest of the staff is great including Cher's nurse.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
1	1	I switched from a doctor I had a lot of problems with to Dr. Jacobsen. I love her. She''s funny. She''s sarcastic, but in a good way. She listens, and she''s really understanding. She''s totally approachable. Her nurse is really friendly, AND can give shots and take blood with almost no pain at all. I just love the whole office. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	Dr. Jacobsen is very knowledgeable, caring and easy to talk to. Her nurse is just as wonderful. The only downside to her office is the receptionist who could really use some people skills.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	1	Easy to talk to, knowledgeable, compassionate & caring 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	Dr. Jones has been my doctor and my friend for 20+ years.  Because of a genetic tendency to prostate cancer, I've been getting checked annually.  In August of 2009 I had an elevated PSA; he did a biopsy and confirmed that I was positive.  We discussed the options; I ended up doing the robotic prostatectomy (his partner is the expert, so he did the robot with Dr. Jones assisting).  Dr. Jones has always been friendly, knowledgable, and very professional in our association, and I'd recommend him highly.  	4	3	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	-1	On approximately 11-06-09 Dr. Jones performed a procedure on my penis with an instrument that he put inside my penis.  A few days later I became fevered.  I went back to Dr. Jones for help and he accused me me and tried to say my infection was caused by diverticulosis.  My wife and I rebutted his statement and he backed down right away.  He put me on two antibiotics and I just got worse.  I went to the hospital and the ER doctor said I had a staph infection and said Dr. Jones gave me the wrong antibiotics.  The ER DR. gave me the right antibiotics plus a RX for same and an RX for medication to stop the burning when I urinated.It is my opinion that doctor Dr. Jones dropped the ball in providing me with proper medical care.  	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
3	1	He is the best doctor. I had a hard time finding a doctor for my first pregnancy, and discovered Dr. Jones. He was new to the hospital and when I met him I knew I picked the right OBGYN. I am pregnant with my second child and wont have any other doctor besides Dr. Jones. He is very kind and makes you feel like her cares.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
3	1	He is off the charts amazing.  He is cool headed, and brilliant.  He delivered my last baby.  I had many complications, but Dr. Jones took such great care of me that I went to term and delivered a healthy baby boy.  I have fabulous nurses, and he reassured me all along the way that he was taking care of me.   I cannot say enough good about him, but I owe my life and the life of my baby to him!  He is the best! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	Dr. Jones was the BEST doctor. I had high blood pressure throughout my whole pregnancy and he watched me so closely and made me feel so at ease. And when it came time for my delivery my baby's heart rate was low and he was so confident and swift in his decisions,I felt so safe in his care. And after I had my baby he came and checked on me every day I was in the hospital. He is the absolute best. I have moved fourty five minutes away and I am so so sad he can't be my doctor again.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	he is the best doctor ever, very knowledgeable, confident, very good bedside manner. the best obgyn i have been too. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	. Trust him listen to him, he will help you if u talk with him 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	-1	Jacobs is very set in believing he is more intelligent than the patient, comes off as the patient knows absolutely nothing about the problem they are having, and end up pretty much just finding what the patient already knows and told him. One of the worst doctors in the area, a lot more knowledgible doctors to choose from.  	3	3	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	Dr. Jones got me in the same day. He didn't have any high pressure sales pitch.  It seemed like he just wanted me to feel better 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
6	-1	This Doctor is horrible he has his staff lie to you and act like he is the best well i wish i did my home work before i went go to him he has ruined me and alot of others BEWARE of his place he is not a plastic Surgeon he just loves the money and ruines peolpe lives i have very bumby i mean very bumby stomach and a HUGE 7 inches line that is left on my leg and i have had numerous (real) plastic Surgeons that says there is no fixing me. please please do your homework before he sucks you in and you regret it the rest of your life. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
6	-1	Signed a contract that stated he would do &quot;touch up&quot; work and was assured by staff that it is built into the cost of smart lipo. The procedure he did was uneven and LUMPY. I mean, IT LOOKS AWFUL! He told me that if I lose weight it shouldn't be a problem and he REFUSED to fix it. Refused to pay to have someone else do it. I am having to take him to small claims, meanwhile I'm still having to pay my care credit bill. BEWARE AND DON'T SEE THIS GUY! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	Excellent surgerical outcome with a case of very advanced Dupuytren's contracture in several fingers on one hand. Highly skilled, very patient with my questions and concerns. I will return for surgery on my other hand. Highly reccomended.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	1	Hes the only Cardio Dr. after having 4 previous for my 7 yr. old Dr. who seems to be actually care about my concerns and listens to my research findings and looks into them for me and gets back in a timely fashion. I also like the fact that he teams us with my daughters other Dr's to try and find a solution to her multi issues. Finally my daughter has a wonderful team I can depend on! Thank you.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
9	1	LOVE LOVE LOVE DR.J!!! we have been with him over 10years now!!! With not 1 complaint!! I have called after hrs many times and he has ALWAYS called me back. Even called at 3am (I was a new mom) He has ALWAYS gotten us in the SAME day!! Would not trust another dr. with my 2 boyz!! WE LOVE U DR.J.... the Valadez fam 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
9	-1	It took 2 years for us to get our credit fixed because of a mistake on their part (Dr. Jambura's office). Our credit has otherwise been PERFECT and we have ALWAYS ALWAYS paid our bills on time.  They had been sending out the billing statements to the wrong insurance company all along! They had sent us letters saying that they never got money from our insurance.  After hours and hours on the phone we realized the problem --after being sent to collections.   Dr. Jambura was just an OK pediatrician, but the billing/insurance mistake made it a nightmare for us. 	1	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
9	0	I've taken my daughter to see Dr. Jambura 5 times now.  The first two times I visited my wait time was 45 minutes.  The last three visits there was no wait.  I was not impressed with Dr. Jambura's helpfulness.  I'm a first-time mom and I felt that he never explained things to me or let me ask questions.  When I did force a question in, he would answer me as if I were 5 years old, and his explanation generally didn't even answer my question.  My 3-month old has ear infections galore-- of course I have questions!  If you want a doctor that just gives you a diagnosis and a prescription then Jambura is your guy.  As for me, I'm switching pediatricians.  I have liked his staff thus far--- except for his nurse--I think her name was Karen.  I found her manner harsh and her advice unhelpful because she didn't listen/understand where I was coming from. 	2	3	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	Dr. Jambura is a SUPER SMART (quirky wierdo) physician that I would recommend to anyone who can put up with his strange personality to get brilliant patient care.  He will see our children day or night including weekends.  Does the guy ever take time off&#63; He really knows medicine and his diagnosis' and solutions are spot-on.   His staff is great EXCEPT for his wife who is rude, dirty, and abrasive.  Shocked to find out she was his wife but explains why he keeps her there.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	Great Dr. He is very attentive and helpful and always listens to our concerns about our kids with care and concern. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	Mmm....interesting last couple posts. Just because someone has a 'billing issue' does NOT mean they do not pay their bill on time!!!! I have excell. credit always paying my bills right on time and I def. had some major billing issues with Karen!  So yes! I do happen to know what the previous complainer is taking about! I have also run into a couple other mothers that went to Jambura -- thought he was OK but his wife was awfully mean.  She is notorious for hanging up on you or passing you off to other staff members after you've been dealing w/ her.  She's just a difficult person to talk to. Nothing soft about her. Thought Dr. Jambura was decent but will not return because of how I was treated by his wife.  	1	3	3	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	By far the BEST Ped. in Boise.  My daughter loves Dr. J. He is helpful, listens, and spends time with his patients.  I have his cell number and he does not mind if you call him at 3 a.m. He is even pleasant then.  Karen can be a bit straightforward, so I can see how that might be misunderstood.   But, when you don't pay your bills what do you expect&#63; 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	Dr. J is the best.  Quirky&#63; Yes, but I'll take quirky to get a brilliant physician for my kids.  He is well respected by the nurses in the PEDS unit and by other physicians, (I asked before I chose him), when he says to call at 3AM - he means it.  He'll meet us at his clinic or see us first thing the next morning. (or 3AM in the ER for a very sick kid) In regards to the circumcision comment&#63; He circumcised my son, didn't question our decision, but he does it in his office not the day after birth (makes sense to me). He will discuss the pros / cons with you, but respected our decision without question.  My kids LOVE him!!  and Karen&#63;  Best help I have ever received with difficult breast feeding.  I recommend Dr. J without reservation.  He's fantastic (did I mention crazy smart&#63;&#63;) LOVE LOVE LOVE Dr.  Jambura!! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	I don't know what the previous complainer was talking about. I have dealt with Karen many times and she is super helpful and friendly, but I do also pay my bills on time. Dr. Jambura is the most dedicated and knowledgable doctor I have found in Boise. I took time to look around and out of the 10+ doctors he is the only one that will see my kids anytime day or night.  Would defenitely recomment to everyone!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	O MY GOOSSHH!!!!! KAREN JAMBURA is THE RUDEST B**** I have ever met!!!!!!!!! We had some billing questions and that woman was SOOOO AWFUL to talk to!! No social etiquette whatsoever!!!!!! She did not want to help us or answer our questions. &quot;Thats just the way it is&quot; was her answer&quot;  O so maybe she had a bad day&#63;&#63; No. I have dealt with her before and we will NEVER EVER go there and advise you all to do the same.  I didnt mind Dr. Jambura up til the time he tried to talk me out of a circumcision. I went to Dr. Jambura because of all the positve comments and the nurses at the hospital LOVED Jambura but they haven't dealt with his wife!! The day we went in for an appointment, she was dressed very sloppy (her belly hanging out of her shirt- no joke!) and there were stains on her shirt. You could tell she did not wash her hair that day. The only other good thing I have to say is that Dr. Jambura was serious when your baby is sick at 2am, he wants you to call him at 2am and he WILL answer.  	1	4	3	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	We've had Dr. Jambura as our pediatrician for over 3 years now and we love him! A little quirky---yes! ;) But an awesome doctor.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
9	1	Amazing to find someone so disappointed in a doctor that clarifies your options and actually takes the time to have you reconsider a life altering decision!! My son is a second generation patient of Dr. Jambura. I trust his expertise and ability to explain his diagnosis in a way that I can easily understand.  Would recommend to anyone looking for a great pediatrician.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
9	0	We did not like Dr. Jambura at all.  He has some strange views on things like circumcision and fevers.  I took my newborn to him and he argued with me in the office for about 10 minutes about how circumcision was bad and not needed and a social stigmitism in this country.  He made me question my decision, made me feel very uncomfortible and he just had a horrible demeanor.  I would NOT recommend this docotor to ANYONE.  He should have respected my decision, advised me if he felt it was necessary, and then moved on.   There are much better doctor in this area, so I would suggest another one! 	2	5	1	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	Very helpful, knowledgeable & pragmatic.  Straightforward, honest & very responsive to our needs, whether urgent & routine.  Our kids love Dr. Jambura.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	Dr Jambura is the best rescource for parents in Boise. He takes plenty of time with his patients, he is compassionate and thoughtful. He gives his all to what he does. You won't find a more available doctor who returns calls and who is &quot;there&quot; for his patients, anywhere! The Best! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	Dr. John is the best doctor! He has saved the life of my son twice. He has always listened to me and you even get his personal cell phone for those middle of the night emergencies that happen when you have kiddos. He is by far the BEST doctor and I would highly, highly recommend him to anyone. He is frank, open, and willing to get assistance from specialists as necessary.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	The best peds Dr in Idaho! Super nice, very smart. He is that &quot;geeky&quot; kid in school, but you knew he would be successful. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	Dr. Jambura is one of the only two doctors I have ever recommended to anyone - and this is for someone's children. He is a wonderful caring doctor who is well respected in the Boise health community.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	Dr John Jambura was a thorough and caring doctor.  Very satisfied with his down to earth style and willingness to answer all questions 		5	5	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	-1	Dr. Johnson is great at diagnosing the common flu or cold anything beyond that I would get a second opinion. I was going in for blood test every 6 months for a thyroid problem. I became very sick very quickly. I asked if my lab work for my thyroid was ok. He said it was fine. He then told me he believed I had a brain tumor, cancer, congestive heart failure &amp; more. AFTER 3 months and over $2000.00 I asked for my lab results from the original blood test and in BOLD letters it said THYROID LEVEL- VERY HIGH, Off the charts high! I then asked for a referral for a endrocologist...he took 3 days to do so because he was upset that I wanted  a second opinion.  	5	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	-1	Would not recommend. Spent very little time with patient. No over the phone consultations. No follow-up inquiries.  	4	4	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	1	Dr. Johnson's been my doc for over 5yrs. Friendly, intelligent and tries to save you money if and when he can help it.  Awesome doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	1	Very nice doctor. He is extremely knowledgeable and does a great job when diagnosing. He doesn't order millions of tests and is prompt when getting back to you with results. Would recommend him as a Primary Care Physician. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	Dr. Johnson is very compassionate, punctual and knowledgeable. He treated me with respect and was very kind. I recommend him to all of my friends and family.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	1	Dr. Jones is the best in Idaho. He has done two surgeries on my feet and everything turned out great! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	. Great with explaining diagnosis and treatment options in understandable terms 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
13	1	Dr. Jones has been super with my kids. My mother also went to him and he was kind and helpful with her also. I recommend him to everyone. He's very approachable and answers questions.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	Dr. Johnson is absolutley a great doctor! he delivered two of my childrens and now he has become our family doctor.  he has been available anytime me or my family need medical assistance. the best part of him is he is down to earth and he sits down with you and listens to you and gives that the best advice as a doctor and as a close friend. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	He is a great doctor and his staff is wonderful.  They all took great care of my during my two difficult pregnancies and every other time we need medical help! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	-1	If you are not sure about a patients complaints or illness, tell or refer them to some-one else. Fibromyalgia affects each patient differently.None need the stress of anyone that does not believe them. 	2	4	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	He is the primary doctor for my extended family, and he delivered both of my children, and is their doctor too. He is knowledgeable in all the areas we have needed him, and is down to earth and realistic about problems and treatments. He also has a wonderful bedside manner. He gets an A+ in my book! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	He is a very caring Doctor. His patients always come first 		4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	Dr. Joseph is great for sports related injuries.  He did an excellent job with a frozen shoulder, and swollen knee.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	1	Dr. Joseph is a great doctor. He is very knowledgeable and takes his time with his patients. He always makes sure that all my questions are answered, and he did his best to help with my medical condition. The only thing I dislike is that he is sooo incredibly late. On one occasion I waited 2 hours after my appointment time to see him. This was eventually the downfall... and the reason that I no longer go to Dr. Joseph. Great doctor, though.  	3	1	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	-1	We have taken our new born to this doctor.  She ALWAYS seems like she has other things to do.  Doesn't take the time to answer questions.  We are in the process of looking for a new doctor of our baby.  For first time parents I would not recomend this doctor.  	2	2	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	0	I have never in my life been treated so rudely by a Dr as I was by Dr Johans. 	4	4	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	Dr. Johans is very kind and concerned with the patients well being. I would highly recommend him! I felt like he was sincerely worried about my symptoms and took my concerns seriously and addressed them quickly. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	Dr. Johans spent a lot of time and energy helping me with an appeals process to that I would qualify for a cervical artificial disc.  I am one year out and my surgery was very successful; I have full range of motion.  I do not anticipate the need for further surgery which is the normal evolution in a standard fusion as the disc space above and below is overused to failure.  Overall I can’t say enough good things about his care.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	I liked and trusted Dr. Johans immediately and was happy to have cervical fusion 6 days later.  He IS very busy and may seem abrupt, but as his patient I felt I had his undivided attention.  I was in intense pain for 2 months prior to surgery.  After surgery I never needed a single pain pill, much to my surprise.  I assumed that with all the work he did (replacing discs and removing bone spurs and putting screws in my neck) I would have substantial post-op pain.  Instead, I have had a new lease on life for a whole year now.  I highly recommend Dr. Johans to anyone needing neurosurgery.  He is very qualified, yet as humble as his credentials allow.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
17	1	Dr. Johans did extensive surgery on my back. He and his staff were exemplary in their profossionalism, dedication to their craft and attention to their patient (me). He's a dedicated and skilled surgeon and doctor. I would recommend him to anyone who needs neurosurgery.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	0	He cares more for his cash cow, insurance company, Than his patients. Listens to the insurance rep. than his patient. Another doctor in Idaho sellng out.  	3	2	1	4 	Insurance:Workers Comp
17	1	Dr. Johans is one of the most thoughtful, honest doctors I have ever dealt with. He will not sugar coat it and the information may be scary and hard to deal with, but he is 100% honest and forthcoming and at the end of the day that is the kind of doctor want.  I also want a doctor that is confident enough in his ability to take charge of the situation.   He is a virtuous who has my full respect and I would recommend him to anyone! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	He broke his neck and was out for a while - then he got me in '05 - His diagnosis, procedures, treatment and prognosis have been spot on - my arms/hands work again, my neck is flexible and the overall pain was nil - he knows about cellular memory - my stenosis keeps on and I'll be back next year for a tune-up -- Don't let his attitude put you off - he'll listen and, if you have good supporting evidence, he'll consider it - the NEW orth-scopic procedures are his speciality.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
17	-1	Where do I start. First off, he pressured me into my cervical fusion and ridiculed me when I was considering my options as far as calling me &quot;Thoughless & Stupid&quot;. I went through the Surgery anyways because I was in Immense Pain, but the next morning when he came into my recovery room, he told me to &quot;Shut Up&quot; and would not let me ask questions about the procedure because he was busy and had other patients to see. I have had a family member also retain him for a lower lumbar surgery and we compared our experience with Dr. Johans and we both agreed he was not people friendly. At least I wasn't singled out by Johans, and I guess he just treats all patients in that manner. I would not recommend retaining him as your doctor, I have had pain after the surgery and he doesn't give me the time of day. My Assessment of Dr. Johans is very unfavorable, avoid him at all cost.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
17	-1	He was the most rude physician I have ever encountered. He talked down to my father who had questions regarding my surgery, also he would not let me get a question in edge wise to him about the complications of my spinal surgery. A very rude man, I pity all of those he treats as badly as he did myself, and my family. He is not good with people, I would never retain him as my doctor ever, ever again. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	The Doctor saved my husbands life when he had less then a 10% chance of walking out of the hospital. He was very compassionate and shook my husbands hand when he was sent home, and allowed me to be with my husband directly before the surgery where your usually not allowed, fighting off the nurses. I would call him again in a heartbeat if we needed him. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	this man saved my life. period. end of discussion. sorry if you were too much of a pain in the ass to not accept the help he was trying to give you. this doctor was one of the first people in the western hemisphere to even bother with deep brain stimulation. and look now. the researd and progress is amazing. he is an unbelievable healer. he also has something that no other doctor that i have ever seen has had. he is truly truly compassionate about his patients. he cries with you, and really feels your pain. he is amazing. check him out before you bother with anyone else. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	-1	Whatever this doctor does it will not be what you agree on and every surgery will leave you 10 times worse off than you were before. If he does a discectomy he hacks out the intraspinous ligaments instead of going around them and hacks out half the disc. When he punches a hole in your nerve root and it begins leaking spinal fluid he does not try to fix the damage but sews you back up leaving a permanent leak inside your body. Then he tries to put you on Neurotin. When you finally get another doctor to fuse your now missing, collapsed disc and spinal fluid leak the new doctor will not help you with a lawsuit but will tell you you are lucky to be alive.  		3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	1	Dr. Jenkins is--by far--the best chiropractor I've ever been to.  She is very professional, amazingly knowledgeable, and truly listens.  The wait time prior to appointment times could be a bit better, but my guess is that it's due to her thoroughness with each patient, and honestly, it's completely worth the wait. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	. One of the best bedside manners I've ever seen! Extremely knowledgeable 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	1	Jo was an excellent midwife.  She has a very calm and patient personality and is very knowledgable.  She works through St. Alphonsus so when you deliver you will be in the controled environment at the hospital (which is also fantastic!)  She was respectfull of my wish to have a natural child birth and she did a fantastic job!  I was so at ease with her and trusted her completely.  She was consistent with her post pardum checkups while I was still in the hosptial and was there right away if I needed anything.  She listens to you and helps you with your concerns.  She takes her time with you durring office visits and doesn't rush through anything and makes sure she has answered all your questions.  She has a lot of experienceand is very knowledgable.   I recommend her to everyone! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	-1	My Fiance was refered to this joke. She has Gastroperis (SP) and is not doing well. She has called his office several times. After 48 hours his nurse will call back and tell her to go to the ER. She has recently been admitied into the Hospital. Another Dr that works in his office has done more for her in one week than this joker has done in Months. Today his nurse called to ask her if she knew she had a virus. This virus was found by teh new Dr, yesterday and treatment has already begun! I advise anyone to avoid this guy.  he was highly reconmeded and I'm ashamed of those people that think highly of this bozo! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
21	-1	Doctor was terrible! He injured me during an endoscopy, something I would expect to be a risk, but he denied that he did anything, stuck me in a hospital for a couple of days because I could not eat or drink and when I told him that the pain I was having was new since the endoscopy, he yelled at me in front of a couple of nurses at the hospital! Completely lost his cool and I signed myself out of the hospital and have been afraid to go to another gastroenterologist for fear that they may be connected with him.  BEWARE!! 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	Dr. Jensen has been my Doc. since Walla Walla. He has always been good.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	I loved Dr. Jensen but hated his Staff..! Jensen is very helpful and caring..Im still really sick though after 2yrs.Feeling like there is no hope for my Crohns disease and tummy troubles...  	3	3	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	1	I had called many, many doctors to follow me for my Celiac Disease, Dr. Johnson agreed to see me, after many physicans' doors had been slammed in face.  Dr. Johnson takes the time to listen and review all the medical history, and he always follows up with me.  I would recommend him to anyone who doesn't mind a doctor that not only listens, but understands you and your health problems.  	2	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	1	Dr. Johnson is the best doctor-he is kind, gentle and patient.  Our whole family sees him and we just love him.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	-1	Very rude staff.  Dr Janoxiak is rough and rude in her tone.  She actually made my blood pressure rise.  Her staff even conatcted a fimily member when it was NOT an emergency. She tried to force me into a proceedure with inconsistent test results.  I have decided to find another DR and get a second opinion.  	2	1	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	Dr. Janowiak was the BEST OBGYN. I have had extreme hyperemesis with my two pregnancies. The first ended in a miscarriage at 12 weeks. Mary was extrememly sympathetic, helpful, understanding, and courteous to us during that time. She always made sure to listen to any concerns I had as well as take the time to make my appointments feel worth going to. I will go back to her for all my other pregnancies.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
23	-1	Misdiagnosed problems. Lacks experience and knowledge, does not follow up as promised. Staff is rude. Did not forward medical records as requested. She is a health risk!! 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
24	-1	Dr Johnson is arrogant and condescending.  His treatment plan was twice the price of another local dentist.  During my first treatment with him I experienced excruciating pain.  I am no longer his patient. I would NOT recommend him to anyone. 	4	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
24	-1	. people need to watch this dentist after three years the cost of my work each year was around 1200 right at my insurance max , the third year i got a second opinion and work was half of what jonhson reported beware also not the first to report this happening 	3	3	2	2 	Insurance:Delta Dental
24	1	Dr Johnson and staff do a wonderful job. I went in to have some dental work done they are the best. They are understanding,and gentle. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	-1	I AM INCREDIABLY UNHAPPY WITH MY CROWNS/VENEERS. THEY WERE NOTHING LIKE MY TEMPORARIES IN WHICH I WAS UNDER THE IMPRESSION THEY WERE SUPPOSED TO LOOK LIKE, ONLY BETTER! THE FINALS ARE LONG, PROTRUDE OUT AND HAVE NEVER FELT RIGHT! I FEEL DR JOHNSON SHOULD HAVE DONE THEM OVER CONSIDERING HOW UNHAPPY I AM, THAT THEY DON'T FEEL RIGHT, AND THEY WERE VERY EXPENSIVE!!!!!! 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	Excellent service,takes time to explain, goes over and beyond expectations, listens, shows compassion and determination, can-do positive attitude; we are very impressed with her ability.  Highly recommend!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	. On time! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	1	He did a great job solving my ongoing problem with my sinuses. He figured out the troubles on the first attempt and I'm finally feeling healthy again. He didn't want to give me sinus surgery, which I was scared of. He wasn't the most coddling of dr.'s, he's the type you have to ask questions to get answers, but he definitely knows what he's doing. Overall happy with my experience.  	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
26	-1	I've taken my child to Jones several times.  Although the original surgery for tube implantation was done well, every experience I and my son have had with this Dr. has been very poor.  He acts uninterested in patient concerns, spends as little time as possible with us.  In each appointment he has managed be derogatory to either myself or about the physician that referred us to him.  I can truly say that Ace Jones will have to be the last ENT physician left in Boise before I would let him share so much as another single moment of either my son or I's life.  	3	1	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
27	-1	Terrible bedside manner, did not answer my questions about surgery, spent minimal time with me at office visits. Had a spinal fusion done and had to go back 2 months later to get it repaired. Am in terrible pain and can barely function. Would not recommend and am currently looking for a Dr. that might be able to fix me.  	3	3	1	3 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
27	1	Dr Jorgensen performed two surgeries on my spouse. One corrective for LBP and the other after a motorcycle accident to extend the rods.  Amazing surgeon, very gracious. Like most good doctors, little bedside manner.  And that is A-OK by me. 	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
27	0	Dr. Jorgensen's bedside manner is terrible.  I was not a surgical candidate but still had terrible sciatica pain. He did not listen to my complaints. At almost every appointment I waited between 1-2 hours to see him.  	3	1	2	3 	Insurance:Workers Comp
28	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	-1	This dentist's office is highly unprofessional! They have very limited hours, call to remind you of an appointment with the wrong days, and have billing practices in which they send you what they think you'll owe before finding out how much insurance is going to pay. When I left their office and went to a new dentist several months later, they tried to tell the receptionist they never had a patient by my name and didn't have any records of my treatment.  		2	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
30	1	Very knowledgable doctor and friendly staff. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	I was thoroughly pleased with Dr. Jutzy and his care. He is a great doctor and a wonderful, compassionate man. However; I was not impressed with his P.A. who was often sarcastic and sometimes just plain condesending. I could rarely have a private conversation with Dr. Jutzy without him being present which bothered me a great deal.  	2	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	1	. He was a great doctor who fixed my back for free because I just started a business and low on money!  Very kind and smart man with excellent bed side manners!  God bless him 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	1	Dr Jutzy took very good care of me and fixed my lower back i wish i could use him for a family DOC but that is not his field. Yhank you very much and your staff as well.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
31	1	Doctor Jutzy has worked on lower back problems for me several times.  Recurrence of problems is not his fault, but my own.  Very friendly and good at what he does.  I actually used Mailhandlers Insurance.  His office was great to work with financially, and actually gave me a substantial discount for prompt payment. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	-1	Was quick to give a Perscriptions. Had tonsils that had white chucks in them with a sore throat. I was told it was food inpacked in the tonsils. Then was given a Antboic. 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
33	-1	Set dentistry back 100 years.  Rude, caused much pain and didn't care. 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	She is very patient and supportive. She is a great Dr. Would recommend her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	-1	Dr. Johnson is the worst kind of human. My mother was being treated by him. He makes numerous prescription errors. Wrote RX's for medicine that was either on my moms allergy list or was known to cause severe or LETHAL side effects due to her allergies. She lives in chronic pain due to 4 failed neck surgeries. The only pain meds she can take to control this is Demerol. He refused to renew the RX so my mom started looking for a new DR. When Dr. Johnson found out this he wrote a letter to other doctors stating that my mom was addicted to pain killers (even though her prescription had NEVER changed in quantity or dosage in 7 years) and was an alcoholic (she doesn't drink). Now she can't find another doctor since they all believe this. Dr. Johnson has made comments to her that &quot;he doesn't make any money off her because she is on Medicaid and Medicare&quot;. In my opinion Dr. Johnson is unstable and thinks that patients don't deserve the best care possible.  AVOID HIM AT ALL COSTS! 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
36	-1	Pre and surgery went great. Post surgery follow up visits were always late, 30-45 minutes. Dr. would not release me from follow-up care. Staff was reluctant to release my medical records to me. Dr's nurse would not return phone messages even when the front desk remembered I had called. Dr. would not give referral for physical therapy even though Dr had me doing strength training on shoulder. I asked for second option and was told that there wasn’t a Dr in my area. Found one and 15 minutes later had referral to PT and never saw Dr again. Guess my primary and secondary insurance covered the cost because I never heard from the office again. Would not recommend this provider. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
36	-1	I waited between 2-3 hours each office visit.  Messages were either not given to the doctor, or he did not respond to them. Doctor was unable to improve my condition at all. I felt he did not listen and in fact, would often interrupt me mid sentence.  Doctor gave me inaccurate medical information.  Doctor performed a procedure inaccurately, resulting in complications. 	2	1	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
37	0	Really nice guy. But the few times i went to see him he didn't resolve any of my issues.  	3	3	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	-1	NOT board certified.  Always running very behing schedule. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	He's an AMZING pedatrician. He always validates my concerns and takes the time to fully explain things if I don't understand him. He's always courteous if you have to call him on a weekend and he makes sure you get the right care. He's also good at remembering your kids, he's got a few patients but always seems to know your family.  You may have to wait for your appt  because he's the only doc in his practice but he's worth it! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
38	1	Fantastic pediatrician. Very knowledgable and informed, will answer any and all questions, and take as much time as you need to discuss things. Genuinely cares more than any doctor I've ever met. Appointments tend to run a little late but only because he will take as much time as is necessary for you and your child.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	1	A nicer, gentler guy you'll never meet! Always takes up a lot of time with you and is well-informed about even your most paranoid questions (and doesn't roll his eyes when you ask them). You might have to wait a bit once you get into the room, as he is taking up time with his previous patient, but you know that once he comes into the room, you and your child get his full attention. I love this dr and would not change even if he were no longer in my PPO! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	I was in an auto accident and needed to see a chiropractor in boise.  I did a lot of online research to find the best and saw that Dr.Jellum was highly rated.  The office staff is upbeat and nice.  Dr.Jellum is also very wonderful.  She explains each procedure, listens to what is bothering you, offers ways to improve (stretches, exercises, etc.), and gives you a reasonable time frame of when you should be recovered.  I highly recommend her!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	Dr. Jellum listens and communicates very well! She has been my chiropractor for 23 years. Her adjustmets are very affective and gentle. Her knowledge 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	I went to see Dr. Jellum to get my back adjusted and it felt great after my visit. What really impressed me was that during our conversation I mentioned how my jaw had been bothering me for the last couple of weeks. She said that it may be out of alignment and offered to adjust it too. As soon as she adjusted it my jaw immediately felt much better and I had no more soreness. I would definitely recommend Dr. Jellum if you need a chiropractor and are looking for personal, unrushed  service as well. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	Dr Jellum is good about explaining things in terms all can understand. She takes time to listen, evaluate and correct. If it weren't for her care over the years, I could not have kept being as active. No pills -- just adjustments that keep me pain free! She doesnt have you come in time and time again unless you have a new injury that might require more than one adjustment. In 19 years of seeing her, that has only happened once! I recommend her to anyone and wish everyone could benefit from her expertise and care.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
40	1	Wonderful Provider with great bedside manner.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
41	1	She is wonderful!  She's so knowledgeable, and helpful.  Very caring, and tries to help in any way she can.   Nice for the whole family! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
42	-1	Waited an hr and a half to be seen, staff is very rude! Dr. Johnson doesnt seem to be concerned about any concerns I have. 	2	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
42	-1	.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
42	1	 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Jones' for about 10 years. I continue to be impressed by his knowledge and compassion. I have rarely had to wait even 5 minutes past my appointment time. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	Dr. Jones is a very intelligent Doctor. I appreciate his thorough approach and I am grateful for his take on overall health and wellness. He always asks good questions that help to clarify my concerns and has useful and cost effective measures to manage my care. Every patient should be so lucky to have a Doctor that cares about what he does this much. Dr. Jones doesn't come off as self important or overinflated. He's down to earth..straight forward and honest. Rare but highly sought after qualities in a Family physician.  I trust him MORE than Google!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
43	1	Dr. Jones is the best doctor I have ever had. Very kind, listens 100%. I never feel rushed. I recommend him to anyone that is looking for a doctor near St. Lukes, I have never been disappointed in his service. Great sense of humor, and tells it like it is...  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
