dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	 He does NOT beat around the bush.  He tells you what's up with a no non-sense attitude.  I like a doctor that will give it to you straight.  If your wrong he will tell you.  Very knowledgeable and good at his job.  Willing to do what ever he needs to to help a patient.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:MedicarePaid/Co-pay:$8
1	1	commentsHe had taken great care of every family member for years. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
9	0	commentssmart gets things done,if I was dying I would want him to PREVENT it from happening. But if I needed to ask questions, he seems not to have time. 		5	2	4	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	 Dr Neff was a great help. Very knowledgable and eased our concerns.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:GHI
16	1	 Dr. Neff is a very knowledgeable and caring physician. I am very pleased with medical care that my children have received from him.  	3	3	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	-1	 He's very impressed with himself.  		2	1	2	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:$325
17	1	commentsVery professional Doctor and Staff. Got in to see right away without any delays. Very good courtesy toward my financial profile difficulties. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	 I have been a patient of this excellent physician for more than 25 years and have had many various health problems and am an over 50 male. Dr N is the best.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$50
17	-1	.  Crude and lacking in understanding or sympathy 	2	3	2	2	Insurance:Tricare
17	0	commentsGood Physician 	3	3	3	3	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	commentsQuality care great price. low stress option to see if chiropractic is right for you.  free exam and x-rays 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	 The first doctor to diagnose &amp; effectively treat a health problem of several decades.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
26	1	comments 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	.  Best dentist I have ever been to! recommend him 100% very caring and gentle! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
38	-1	 Multiple unnecessary vitits, never got correct prescription that would work...had to go back to my old doctor myself and get it for him.  Made poor notes and never knew which eye corresponded to the lenses he ordered.  When he finially got it right, they ordered the wrong lenses.  I had to convince them myself they were wrong as they had no record of the lenses that I was wearing that worked.  I made 5 or 6 trips to the office for a single set of lenses.  	4	4	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
41	1	 They have a machine that won't dialate your eyes. It costs $35 though. But he is exceptionally nice and helpful. Not pushy. Only health care facility that has EVER gotten me in and out in an hour when they said they would.  A++ 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
41	1	commentsGreat doctor.  Very caring and knowledgeable.  Wonderful staff.  Love my glasses they helped me pick out. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	commentsI would recommend Dr. Nelson to anyone.  She is an excellent and knowledgable doctor, personable, and very easy to talk to.  I saw her for my first pregnancy and am currently seeing her for infertility issues. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	 I thought she was very personable and willing to help us with the things that we needed.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
42	-1	commentsI have had pelvic radiation and chemo. Dr. Nelson seemed to purposely hurt me during the gyn exam.  I jumped and had tears in my eyes, but the only one who cared was her assistant.  She made some clipped remarks through gritted teeth.  I felt that I couldn't get out of that office fast enough. 	5	5	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
42	-1	commentsI really don't like this doctor.  She gave me no options for my adenomyosis except surgery, and the thing that bothered me is that she assured me that my one ovary that she left would still work until a normal menopause.  She also told me that she had never had a patient regret getting a hysterectomy. It felt to me like she sugar coated the whole thing to convince me to get the surgery and wasn't honest about the possible outcomes. I learn more from reading the internet.  At least I was aware that after being cut off from their blood supply an ovary has about a 50/50 chance of still working.  I just wish I would have heard it from my doctor. Now I wish I would have looked into it more instead of going for the surgery and having to deal with menopause at an early age. 	2	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
42	0	commentsI was in pain early on in my pregnancy and Dr. Nelson was the on call doctor.  Although she was nice - she told me to go home and come back in three days even though the ultrasound showed I had an ectopic pregnancy.  Two hours later, I was in unbearable pain - I went back and she told me that my tube was about to burst and ordered surgery immediatly.  It would have seemed that she could have caught it earlier since it came on so fast and then I wouldnt have been stuck with the 9 thousand dollar surgery bill since I was uninsured.  The only option was surgery and I wish she would have explained to me other options, or just taken care of it all the first time rather than making me come back when I was in intense pain. 	5	3	3	3	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	commentsI liked he, but not as much as I thought I would. She was knowledgable though. I probably wouldn't go back to her for my second pregnancy. 		3	4	4	Insurance:Unknown
42	-1	commentsNo options other than surgery were provided 		5	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	commentsI have not met anyone who doesn't like Dr. Nelson. Not only is she incredibly competent, but she also has empathy for most people's problems. She has gone through most of the same issues I have, from weight control to fertility issues. She gives me time and really listens to me. She also has given me some of her valuable time on her rare days off. If anyone is looking for an ob/gyn, I recommend her... without hesitating! 		4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	commentsVary good Dr. 	5	3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
47	-1	commentsIf all your looking for is a doctor to treat colds and minor injuries he is just ok... I would NOT (repeat NOT)recommended him if you have a more complex medical condition that requires him to engage and investigate your symptoms. 	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
47	0	 Saw him as my primary over ten yrs. The problem now is his popularity due to great bedside manner.So unfortunately I have some negative feedback. He appears to forget who his patience are by name these days. He had perscribed me xanax foe sleep difficulties for over a year. It was not a refillable script but one that required a phone in request for monthly refils, to moniter dosage. Each month I did that. I saw him about 4 months ago and asked if my current use was still safe. He told me straight to my face that he had no concerns. Strangly a month ago when i called for a refill his nurse said he denied it.I asked why and she didn't know except she had a note saying &quot;ask about dose increase&quot;. There was no increase. She said he still denied it because I had to decrease intake and he would call back when he filled it. That was over a month ago. This neglect is dangerous as the drug requires slow tapering off to avoid withdrawls. I called for claification 3x w/out a return call.  	2	5	1	4	Insurance:Pacificare
47	1	 Dr. Nasser is the most incredible caring doctor that I have ever seen.  He makes you feel as if your medical needs are above everything else.  I highly recommend Dr. Nasser.  	4	3	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$20
47	-1	commentsTreated me very poorly---after he made what I consider a poor decision regarding my care.   Only doctor's office I've seen have an ambulance parked in the parking lot on two different occasions. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
47	1	 He is an excellent, compassionate doctor. Our entire family sees him, and we love him. He never makes one feel rushed. He is knowledgeable, thorough, and cares about his patients. I've referred many friends to him, and they all love him as much as we do.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
47	1	 I have been seeing Dr. Nasser for over 15 years and have NEVER found another doctor that compares with him. I have seen many providers over the years for both short-term and long-term (including chronic nerve-related knee & back conditions) and Dr. Nasser is the most caring and compassionate physician I've ever known. He also will only refer his patients to the very best specialists.  I am extremely grateful for what he's done for me over the years! 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$30
47	1	 Dr. Nasser has handled all of my standard medical needs in a professional and efficient way for the past 3 years. I am being treated elsewhere for cancer, and Dr. Nasser helped me greatly following my initial diagnosis to coordinate other specialists (surgical) that I needed. He is always available to review any reports or test results, no matter who initiates them, and he always makes time to discuss any questions or problems I have, and always returns my calls in a timely manner (or has a nurse call). I feel extremely confident in his abilities, to know when to refer vs. to treat on his own. I have referred him to others and all feedback from them has also been extremely positive.  		4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
47	1	commentsDr. Nasser is very kind and understanding. He is ALWAYS willing to spend extra time and answer all of my questions. 		3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
47	-1	.   		2	2	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
47	0	 OK Doctor for everyday problems like colds and stuff.  		4	4	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	1	comments 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
50	-1	 Doctor Natelson told my daughter that he was sorry she was pregnant and that she needed to give the baby up for adoption based on the fact that she is unwed.  He told her it was impossible for a working mother to raise a child right and that there was no such thing as ADD, it was really BRAT and was caused by kids being raised by working mothers.  He also ignored and trivialized her complaints of stomach pain for 5 months until she went to the ER where they ER staff tested her and diagnosed her with kidney stones.  After that he told her she could not eat ANY fat whatsoever.  We consulted a dietitian who told us completely eliminating fat from her diet could result in a mentally retarded baby.  This is my OWN experience in that I went with her to her doctor visits.  	5	3	1	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	1	commentsNot many doctors will take the time this man takes to explain / alleviate concerns and show genuine interest not only in the patient, but also in helping the patient's family understand the situation of their loved one. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	 He is the best doctor I have ever been to. He is very extensive and explores every possible way to help you. He does not just rush into things. His staff was nice and he was very knowledgable. I would go back to him in a heartbeat.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	1	 Dr. Nicola and his P.A. were both very helpful and explained everything in detail.  Surgery was scheduled in a timely manner.  Follow up care was extensive and I felt that everyone involved was very caring.  Great bedside manner and skilled surgeon.   I would go back to him in a heartbeat! 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
69	1	 Dr nicola is one of the best doctors I have been to. With good doctors comes time for waiting and emergencies come up. I would recommend him to anyone. He is concerned with conservative treatment and progressing as needed.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	-1	 This doctor is unrelible and not very good at what he does. I would be worried about his MRI given it is weaker then one at a veterinarians hospital. Delays in paperwork is constant and getting this doctor to clarify is impossible.  	2	1	1	1	Insurance:Workers Comp
69	-1	 My husband, a member of the Idaho National Guard, was referred to Dr. Nicola by his PCP to try and resolve an ongoing tendinitis issue. Dr. Nicola was told at time of visit (May 11, 2010) that a copy of the entire chart was needed as soon as possible for the military paperwork. We went in on May 13, 14, and 19 to see if the paperwork was done (we were in the area and decided to stop by). The office staff was somewhat apologetic and said that they would write a note (but not bump the file to the top of the list) to the doctor. After hearing nothing for three weeks, we called again on June 3 and the visit STILL had not been DICTATED, let alone transcribed then copied.  	3	1	1	3	Insurance:Tricare
70	1	 He is the best doctor I have ever had. He did everything he could and I healed perfectly.  He does everything he can do and like most doctors he is busy and can not spend hours and hours with you. He does his best to make sure your experience as painless as possible. I know all doctors make mistakes and I am sure he has make some too.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
70	1	.  Dr nicola was the first doctor in 9 years that could tell me what was wrong with me shoulder and ankle! 	4	3	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
70	1	 !0 days ago I had bi-lateral carpel tunnel surgery.  From my first appointment with Dr Nicola he told me what to expect and that I did not need to have my hands propped up for the next few weeks.  He said that I needed to use them as much as I could.  Today I can use my hands better then I could before the surgery. With a busy Surgeon I did not expect for him to spend much time with me, after all he does have many patients and works from many facilities.  He does know what he is talking about and he is a wonderful surgeon.   If ever I need an Orthopedic Surgeon again I will surely set up an appointment with Dr Nicola 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
70	1	 Over years I have had significant problems with my knee.  I was referred to Dr. Nicola, and he successfully took care of my knees.  Each step of the knee arthritis process was progressive, to the final step of my knee replacements.  Now I am pain free and moving around greater than ever.  Dr. Nicola knows best, and I am completely satisfied with his service.  My only complaints with is the St. Lukes Medical care after surgery, but I do not believe this is due to Dr. Nicola's doing.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
70	1	 Dr nicola is one of the best doctors I have been to.  With good doctors comes time for waiting and emergencies come up. I would recommend him to anyone. He is concerned with conservative treatment and progressing as needed.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
70	-1	 Very very poor Dr. You have to wait forever to see him and when you do he talks a million miles a minute and you leave feeling like you wasted your time.....  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Workers Comp
70	0	commentsnever spent time with me just acted like needed to get to the next appointemet.not really any help. will not go back to him. 	1	1	2	3	Insurance:Unknown
70	-1	 I came in to see Dr. Nicola on a workers compensation injury. From the start, Dr. Nicola treated me as if I was a liar. He completely disregarded me and my complaints. He told me that my pain was in my head and prescribed anti-depressants. Dr. Nicola preformed arthoscopic knee surgery (which never healed correctly) and then had the nerve to imply that the lack of healing was my fault! I went the physical therapy 3 times per week and did all my home excercises. He made it very obvious to me that he clearly was working for the insurance company and did not have my best interest at heart. I would not recommend Dr. Nicola to my worst enemy, especially if you are involved in a workers comp. case.  	2	1	1	1	Insurance:Workers Comp
70	-1	commentsAfter finishing a treatment with Dr. Nicola I was still having problems. I finally went to a different orthopedic. It was the best thing I ever did. The other doctor looked at my x-rays carefully and showed me how Dr. Nicola had mis-diagnosed me. If only Nicola had given my x-rays more than a passing glance, I would be much better now. I will NEVER see Nicola again. 		2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
70	0	commentsHe is personable and friendly. However, he spends very little time with the patient. I have had 4 visits to his office. Throughout the 4 visits he really one time with me the first times (it was about 10 minutes). For everything else he relies upon his Physicians Assistants. When I had lingering problems I called to find out more than once to find out if my experience was normal. A different Physicians Assistant (one that I had never met with and who didn't even have my charts) called back. I eventually went to a different doctor. Dr. Nicola is probably a good doctor, but the care you get is sub-standard because he spends very little time with the patients. The PA's probably counsel with him on issues, but it's not the care that I want. 		1	2	3	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	 Doctor Neilson is a very knowledgeable doctor. He was very nice and courteous to my husband and I. He was willing to help us even after he found out that we wanted a VBAC and he would be willing to do it, but the hospital he delivers at doesn't allow them. He took a lot of time with us and he really knew what he was talking about.  	4	3	4	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
82	1	 Great doctor. Probably saved me marriage and my life. Dr. New has always been very kind and concerned for my health and safety. I enjoy how he is willing to talk openly with me.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
82	-1	commentsvery disappointed. Feel a strong hate for this man and his unkindness. He was unwilling to even give me a try. 	1	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	commentsHonestly I felt like he was looking down on me, and treating me like I was really stupid.  My doctor where I used to live treated me with much more respect, and I feel like I go in with a positive attitude and come out feeling incompetent. I feel like he is guessing how to treat me, and I had to resort to calling my doctor in another State and telling Doctor New what that Doctor suggests.  I basically just use him to prescibe my meds. 	5	5	3	4	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	commentsPhychiatrists are a funny thing, you must mesh with your shrink, or you won't get anywhere. I do think Dr. New is smart, but sometimes I felt like he was thinking &quot;you do what ever you want, in the end you will see I am right&quot; when what I wanted was very conservative treatment, and he wanted to switch around all my meds when I was stable. In the end I reverted back to my shrink in another town and just drive 6 hours for appointments. He did allow me to titrate my meds (which I was doing anyway) and that vote of confidence meant a lot to me. 	4	3	3	4	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	commentsI have been seeing Dr. New for over a year and now I have to move to another state. Dr. New has supported me, helped me through all my bad times, believes in me and always tries to find some kind of help for me. With his dual MD in neurology and psychiatry, he can help lead the way for those two sections of medicine to talk more to each other; promoting more help with brain functioning for those of us with our mental illnesses. I have never had a more kind, caring doctor that Dr. New. I will truly miss you and the care and concern that you gave me. Thank you so very much. 		4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	 Best psychiatrist I have ever seen. He actually has extraordinary counseling skills. Affords this patient the dignity of knowing herself and does teaching to (SHOCK) involve the patient in being responsible for her own well being. Within the confines of knowing what is safe, I can ACTUALLY titrate certain of my own medications, depending on how I am feeling. A certain other physician in the same town pretty much said that I, a college educated person, was not &quot;smart enough&quot; to do such a thing. Well Dr. New and his staff treat all of their patients with respect and dignity. He fully informs me of the risks and benefits of medications and talks to me about alternatives.  		5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
82	1	 Our first experience with Dr New was last week at the Counseling Center of Southeast Idaho. Our first impression was not good. Those stairs are horrible & the receptionist was not dressed appropriately - bra straps exposed & a tatoo on her shoulder. Not at all professional. We then met Audrey, Dr New's nurse. What a delight! Very warm friendly & professional. Audrey's explanations were clear & consise & she immediately put us at ease. We then met Dr. New. Finally, we have found someone to help us. We were treated like human beings - something we had not experienced with other psychiatrists & their staff. All our questions were answered in a manner that was refreshing - not once did we feel demeaned or rushed. I had to call Audrey about a prescription & she promptly returned my call - just as she said she would. I spoke with her in the early evening, probably during her dinner but I was not made to feel that I had intruded. I highly recommend Dr. New. I hope they stay forever.  		3	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
83	-1	commentsWent to Dr. Bob without any recommendations.  Nice guy but after two years all work I had done had to be redone.  Dr. Bob uses poor quality materials and charges full price.  I Do not recommend anyone going to this dentist.  Get recommendations and go to a trust worthy dentist who does top quality work. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
83	0	commentsI would not go to this dentist. I had a lot of fillings done by this dentist and all of them have been poor quality and only lasted a couple years. I go to a new dentist now who has commented on the poor quality of the work. Dr. Nielson was very nice and helpful and sounded very knowledgeable, but the materials he used were cheap and poor quality. 	3	4	4	1	Insurance:Unknown
83	1	commentsI am Dr Nielson office manager and feel I need to comment on the remarks that were written about the mother son who came to our office. He whitened his teeth to the shade he wanted his new crown to be and then came back ten days later and had his new crown cemented. It was apparent he had kept bleaching his teeth so his crown was now a shade darker. We always want our patients to be happy and satisified with our office so we gladly remade the crown for him at no cost. He was very happy with the results. About six months later he called and said he was boating and lost his crown. We were so sorry he lost his tooth but we do not warranty lost crowns. I am so sorry for any feelings he may have towards our office, we love our patients and try so hard to please them! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	commentsGreat Office, Great service 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
90	1	 I had total hip replacement surgery, one side, and was hiking and dancing in 3 months. Newhouse is smart, congenial, listens to concerns and answers all questions. He is conservative in treatment approach, but very straight-forward when more than that is called for, and lets the patient make the final decision. He trusts the patient's own credible inquiry and research and will discuss all issues.  And he plays some pretty fair drums in a volunteer doc's rock/jazz band! 		4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
