dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
2	1	 Have had very good experiences with Paris Vision.  They have always been able to get me or a family member in if there is an emergency.  My regular eye exams have been very smooth.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	0	commentsNeeds to retire. Not open to very many new ideas 	3	3	3	2	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	commentsHaving shopped for a doctor in Boise and tried quite a few, I have found in Dr. Pellant everything I desire. She is kind, knowlegable, patient, respectful, caring and very thorough. I highly recommend her. 	3	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
7	-1	 The visit in which I had with Angela Pellant was the worst experience I have ever endured in a doctor's office.  She was rude, judgemental and extremely unprofessional.  I was vommitting in her office due to pain and she gave me a shot in the rear of nausea medication. She did not even have any care that my heart rate was skyrocketing from the pain.  Due to her negligence I returned to the ER and found out not only did I have a bacteria in my stomach that is extremely painful but I had two cysts on my left ovary.  Very large cysts.  If you want a doctor that will give you care and sincerely care about  their patients...I do not recommend  Angela Pellant. She wasted my time and had no care for my well being.  	5	2	1	1	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
7	1	 Great MD, very thorough, very patient, listens, caring.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	commentsDr. Pellant was very knowledgeable and explained in detail every question that I had.  Have gone to her several times.  Always willing to answer any questions.  Followed up with a phone call with lab results the next day.  Great doctor, disappointed that my insurance has changed and now I have to find a new doctor. 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	commentsWithout a doubt Dr. Peach is the best orthodontist around!  He and his staff are always very professional, yet they make the office a fun and caring environment for their patients.  I have been a patient as well as my daughter.  I like the way the office is a great fit for adults as well as children.  Dr. Peach is great at what he does, and his office is always on time.  His staff is wonderful, and they are skilled at what they do.  I am very pleased with my teeth and can't wait to she my daughters finished smile!   I feel the MOST important thing you should know is Dr. Peach is very honest with no hidden costs!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
12	-1	commentsMy infant was hospitalized for a mystery fever, our regular pediatrician was out of town and Dr. Papiez was on-call to replace her. My husband and I got extremely frustrated with Dr. Papiez because of miscommunications. We'd been there over 24 hours and nobody had bothered to tell us that our son's blood cultures had come back positive for e-coli. Dr. Papiez was also unaware that another doctor of his practice had ordered more blood work done before he arrived, and when we were upset that he wanted to draw blood again (for the third time)and start antibiotics (didn't know he needed them) we ended up arguing. My husband finally blurted out &quot;what the **** is going on&#63;!&quot; to which Papiez replied &quot;I don't have time to explain this to you&quot; and stormed out of the room. Not only did Papiez neglect to tell us that they knew what was wrong with our baby but he also had no knowledge of all the tests that had been run by his colegues. Helpful bedside manner&#63; Not so much. 	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	 I took my time in finding a good pediatrician. Dr. Papiez is the best in the area. He's been my kids doctor since 2001. He takes time to listen and explains things clearly.  I'll be sad when he retires! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	-1	 This person who calls himself a doctor needs to retire...NOW! Instead of jumping to conclusions, he should do some testing first. He didn't listen to what I was saying about my child and treated me like a bad parent.  I will never let him see any of my children again! 	2	3	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	1	 My son is almost three and has been seeing Dr. Papiez since he was born. Dr. Papiez is the most gentle, kind, and warm Dr. and I am so pleased my son sees him. I hope that he is taking more patients in the future and that my next baby can see him as well.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	1	commentsDr. Papiez was the on call doctor when my daughter was really sick. Her regular doctor hadn't been any help, but when Dr. Papiez saw her he diagnosed her right away with a very rare kidney problem. I am grateful to him for caring enough to help us and diagnose her. Since then I have had two more children and they have the same diagnosis as the oldest. The children are thriving now. 		4	4	4	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	commentsDr. Papiez has served our family since 1996. He is extremely knowledgable and helpful. Our children are extremely comfortable with him and he is always friendly. Dr. Papiez goes out of his way to explain what he is doing and why. Our family would definitely recommend him. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	 He's very responsive, a good listener and excellent physician.  		5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	 I had a complicated case with cancer. Dr. Perez and his staff have been wonderful. I highly recommend him. He is thorough, highly competent, and his staff is great.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Coventry
19	1	 Very kind and listens well.   Myself and my children loved him 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	 he is very smart, he listen the kids and the parents when my little girl has a kidney problem he realy cares and call just to know how she was feeling, my two children really like him.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	1	commentsVery knowledgeable. He found a cheek injury that I had 30 years ago and a leg injury from 32-33 years ago.  Very polite, thorough and gentle and explained my x-rays to me so I could understand them.  He gave me several suggestions and exercises to do for my arthritis.  I would recommend him to anyone in need with their pains or injuries! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	 Dr. Palmer is a very good doctor and very knowledgable. The only thing that we have had issues with in almost four years of being his patient, is his staff doesn't take oxygen readings on my husband who has known lung issues. Other than that, he is very good with his specialty and we will continue to see him.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
23	1	 This MD took a very through medical history when I was a new patient.  He seemed to listen, be concerned, and really thought about the symptoms before giving a diagnosis.  On followup visits he always asks about other health issues and seems to be putting the puzzle pieces together.  His bedside manner instills trust in his abilities and I have always received excellent care and treatment.  I have been able to get an appointment when my asthma is acting up and am very thankful not to have to go to the ER.  	4	2	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	1	commentsHe only gets a 4 on knowledge because he didn't pretend to &quot;know everything&quot;.  But that's even better, because, here's the thing.....he said he wasn't sure. Then he actually researhed and found the answer.  He also visited my nephew in the hospital and brought him a stuffed animal. He is a doc that actually cares and that's half the battle. That's why he is now our family doctor as well.  He will do his best. 	5	5	5	4	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	commentsVery good doctor.  Friendly, knowledgeable, and takes the time to really listen. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
29	0	commentsI did not feel that he really listened. 	5	5	3	3	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	 Takes the time to listen and is open to what the patient says. Ask questions for clarification. Works with patient to find soloutions.  		5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$2000
38	1	commentsI have dr. parsons patient for over 12 yrs and he really is a very caring doctor. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	 Dr. Parsons is very professional, caring, and knowledgeable.  After a bad experience from another Dr., he was a wonderful change!!  I highly recommend him!  The office staff is great too!  Very punctual and helpful.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
38	1	 I've been patient of Dr.Parsons for almost 6 years and 2 pregnancies and he's always provided an excellent care.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
38	1	 Dr. Parsons is the best. Kind, courteous, and very professional.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$15
38	1	 Dr.  Parsons is FABULOUS!!! I would highly recommend him!! He helps you to always feel very comfortable!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	1	 Dr. Parsons is wonderful! I have complete trust in him and highly recommend him. He is an awesome listener and always takes time to discuss any concerns I have.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	1	 I've been going to Dr. Parsons for several years and I really appreciate the time that he spends with me. He's always concerned and listens to you.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	1	 I have had Lee as an OBGYN for over 6yrs and have no complaints. He delivered my 2 girls and he held my hand when times where tough. I will never switch doctors. And Julie Stevens, PRN, is awesome, too.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	1	 Dr. Pankau is my 3 year old's doctor.  I think he is great.  He always focuses on my son and puts him at ease, my son loves him.  I don't think the way a doctor dresses defines their ability to be a doctor.  I have seen nearly every doctor at the Pediatric Center and I like Dr. Pankau the best.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	1	commentsHe diagnosed my son in fewer than a minute.  The previous pediatrician failed to do so in three visits.  He saved my son.  I do not care how a doctor dresses or if he strokes my parental ego.  He saved my son.   Priceless!!! 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
44	-1	 There is not one positive thing I can say about Dr. Pankau.  I have seen him 3 times for same day sick and left the appointment feeling like the most horrible mom ever.  I took my 6 month old in for what I thought was an ear infection and he flat out told me that kids get sick and cranky and don't need to be taken to the doctor for every sniffle.  He has seen my 7 year old daughter and 4 year old son and is very rough with them.  He does not get down on their level and explain what he is going to do.  I would not recommend him to anyone.  	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	1	commentsHe came to visit me in the hospital after I had my son. He was very professional. He was great with my son and explained what surgery he would need. Loved him. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	 Awesome Doctor!!! I was scared to death to see this Dr. because of previous feedback. I called to schedule with Dr. Edwards at this clinic, but his schedule was full. I then asked for Dr. Hatch, but they told me he had just had a new baby and was out of the office, but that they could schedule my son with Dr. Pankau. I took the spot and, sure enough...shabby levies!!! Everything else I had heard about Dr. Pankau was nonsense. This guy is for real. The first thing he did was put himself on me son's level and spoke to him in a way that put him immediately at ease. After the exam, he focused his attention on me and asked if I had any concerns and if I understood everything he had told me during the exam. He politely thanked us both for coming in and told us to have a great day before leaving. I will be going back to Dr. Pankau again, and will suggest to others whole heartedly that they see Dr. Pankau for their kids. He is a 'down to earth' kind of guy.  TWO THUMBS WAY WAY UP!!!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	-1	 This guy should be feeding camels not treating children & their frightened parents.  He did not introduce himself - just walked in the room in his shabby jeans & said &quot;what can I do for you&#63;&quot;  He was defensive when questioned, did not offer information, & did little to put us at ease.  Perhaps he is not accustomed to anyone asking any questions.  It would serve him well to &quot;speak to the audience.&quot; On our way out, I asked the receptionist who we had seen.  She asked if the visit did not go well - I stated I did not want to see that doctor ever again.  The receptionist stated she &quot;hears that often&quot;.  Only as a last resort would I ever see this guy again.  Two thumbs down.  	3	3	1	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	-1	.   	5	5	2	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
55	1	 Wonderful Doctor. Excellent! I had 2 other people recommend him to me &amp; he is a very knowledgeable &amp; caring doctor. I don't understand the bad reviews. My guess is these people are just never happy. I've moved a lot &amp; have come from big cities and Dr. Penney is very personal and has great bed-side manner. I should start a fan club...  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$20
55	-1	 I have had 3 surgeries performed by Dr.Penney &amp; am still left with a multitude of problems. The last surgery he completely ignored an entire issue and forgot to address it. He told my mother while I was in recovery that he didn't do anything and then told me that he did... well did you or didn't you&#63;&#63; And they won't show me my surgical charts&#63;! And here I am, 10 mo post surgery with many pains and problems. I have changed OB surgeons and wouldn't go back to him for any further care.  	3	2	2	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
55	1	 I've seen Dr. Penny sense I was 15yrs old, 6 years now and never had any issues with him Him and Dr. Cutting are wonderful and so are their staff.  	5	3	4	4	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
55	-1	 Very rude. Doesnt listen or care about symptoms. Seems to want to just hurry you out of his office.  	3	2	1	1	Insurance:Medicare
57	1	commentsI always feel better after an adjustment here.  Never any surprises and always very gentle. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
59	1	commentsVery caring and has a very good sense of humor. Highly recommend this Doctor!! 		4	5	4	Insurance:Unknown
62	0	 Travis, the P.A. in the office came into the office half an hour late for my apt. didn't apologize, and then had the nerve to lecture me on time management when I had to leave for another appointment, an hour after my appointment with him.  He was completely rude, and it was uncalled for.  Doctor Packer is a great physician, but I would not ever go see Travis again.  	2	1	3	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	1	 Dr. Packer is great! He is very kind and answers all of your questions, explains what he's doing, and talks to you in a manner that makes you feel like you matter. He makes everyone feel welcome, and doesn't get upset if you have to call him after hours on occasion. Overall, a good guy and a great doctor.  	3	4	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
66	-1	commentsI've had a large bursa (&#63;) on my left shoulder for several years.  I've had multiple Doctors diagnose it, and every single one said the same thing, &quot;I've never seen anything like it, and would need an MRI to know for sure.&quot;  I was recommended to a specialist, Dr. Pennington who would most certainly know what it was.  He spent very little time with me, though he claims otherwise.  When I attempted to show him my left shoulder he brushed it aside and did not look at my left shoulder.  There were no x-rays, or MRI's taken.  He told me it was most certainly a bursa, and the only thing to do was to have surgery...which probably wouldn't fix it and would need done multiple times.  We discussed my financial situation briefly, (I can't afford even one $15,000 surgery, let alone multiple ones.)  Now I am being charged $150.00 on top of the $75.00 cash I gave him for his &quot;diagnosis.&quot;  I do not recommend Dr. Pennington, and feel cheated. 	4	4	1	3	Insurance:Unknown
66	-1	 I have a used Pennington before when I had knee surgery.It was great.When I had to return again a few years later, it all turned around. He barely looked at my x-ray, said he could do nothing, lose weight. I didn't know what I could do. Finally went to other dr, surgery went great had no problems.Stepping into a whole I hurt my knee again, being referred to the good old man again, I thought maybe the last time I saw him was a fluk.Waited in the waiting room for 3 hours, dr came in didn't even pay any attention to what I was saying, wouldn't do anything.The doctor did not do a finger to even find out what might be wrong, he would not listen or even look at the x-ray. It was not a fluk that he was rude to me the last time, I will never go back.  	3	1	1	2	Insurance:Medicare
66	1	 knowledgeable. explains so you understand. very good dr.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
66	1	 5 year old daughter broke her leg and Dr. Pennington was kind, helpful, thorough all the way. She had to be placed under general anaesthesia to set and cast the leg and doctor was caring and informative. He predicted the outcome and all went well. She's all healed up and has no negative memories. Thank you Dr. Pennington.  		5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	1	commentsPennington did tendon surgery on me and called it correctly going in. Results were excellent. Explains things very well. A+ 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
66	-1	 I have had differing appointments with Dr. Pennington. He did an arthoscopy on my knee and came highly rated by friends in the area. Being new to the Moscow area I tried him out. The follow up has been mediocre at best. One appointment it will seem as though he hasn't bothered to read my chart and the next appointment he's extremely helpful and knowledgeable. Today will mark my last trip to him as I left his office feeling very humiliated and embarassed by the things that he said to me.  		4	2	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	1	commentsThanks to Dr. Pennington I am able to use my hand as it was before I broke it. He was very gentle and seemed to care a lot about his patients. Very nice and charming. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	commentsI was a recent visitor to Pocatello and went to the Emergency Room with an acute bronchospastic episode. The Quality of care and the professionalism exhibited by Dr. Parmley and the ER staff was exceptional. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	commentsDr. Parmley is one of the best emergency physicians in the world.  I trust him with my life. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
83	1	comments 	1	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
86	-1	commentsI began my transfer to this Dr. in July 2012 and my physician in Florida forwarded all of my medical records 3 times to his office. Each time, the Dr. personally lost my records. I had to finally have an emergency appointment in September to refill my pain pump the day before my alarm was to go off. On that day, I had my Florida physician's office fax over my records again. My simple refill took more than 3 hours to be accomplished and I was charged $1100 by Dr. At that appointment, I expressed that I was having a stabbing pain in my back on the same side the implant was in. It was dismissed as nothing and I have just gone through 2 surgeries, 1. to verify that my implant catheter had failed and 2. to remove 9 kidney stones from one kidney. Now I have to have a catheter replacement and have had the manufacturer of my implant get me new physician information for treatment and surgical replacement. Even in surgery, this Dr. forgot my allergies and stated I came with no records. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	 So far I like this Dr.  There is a language barrier so I haven't been able to get some answers I'd like but he is trying hard to help me get off of the pain meds I'm on which I appreciate.  I was surprised they didn't mention physical therapy or chiropractic or other options.  Just pain shots in my back.  	5	5	3	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
86	-1	 I was developing a tolerance for my pain meds so he cut them down a quarter and has kept me on this for 5 months. Idiot.  	4	2	1	1	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
86	-1	 This Doctor lied to me three times during a discussion as U was trying to find some information from him.  	4	1	1	2	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
90	1	 Dr Patterson really cares. Sometimes we wait a little, but it is well worth it.  My little girl can't wait to go see him.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
90	1	commentsIt was on a Saturday, so I excpected a bit of a wait. We ended up waiting 35 minutes in the room until we saw him. He is not our regular Doctor, but he was very knowlegable on the task at hand. He is very kind to the parents and the children. All of his staff was amazing except his helper, she was kind of snotty. 	5	3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
90	1	 Dr. Patterson is a wonderful doctor that really takes his time with each and every patient. He makes you and your child feel like you are the only ones in the office.  Highly recommend!!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
90	1	 Dr Patterson is wonderful.  He is willing to explain what is going on and take extra time if needed.  He has been my kids Dr since they were born, and I would not change it unless I had to.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
90	1	 We love Dr. Patterson! He answers all questions &amp; explains medical stuff very clearly. We only wish he wasn't so popular so we could get in sooner! But he is well worth the lil' wait! We look forward to many more years with him and any future children we have.  	5	3	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
90	1	commentsDr.Patterson has been very thourogh in finding my son's Celiac disease where other pediatricians have miss diagnosed. 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
90	1	commentsVERY knowlegable, both of my children see him, he is a wonderful doctor and I highly reccomend him to anyone. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
