dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
2	0	commentsHe never introduced himself during the brief and few contacts with me, the patient. Nor did himself or the nurse inform me of my discharge instructions. 	1	1	1	4	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	.   	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	1	 Dr Obyrne was fabulous.  I found his attentive and caring.  He took more than the average amount of time with me.  He made sure I understood my condition and procedure.  He is prompt.  I would consider him a bit of a perfectionist, which is a great quality for a surgeon.  He takes no risks to shorten surgery time or to cut corners.  He goes above and beyond any Dr I have ever seen before.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
10	-1	commentsAfter Dr. O'Byrne committed errors in my surgery, I spent six months in bed fighting for my life.  I incurred another $125,000 in medical debt and spent four years trying to repair the damage he did to me.  He never apologized for: hitting and subsequently removing my spleen, never diagnosing my pleural effusion, not properly treating the numerous, subsequent abdominal abscesses, the intense pain and suffering he has caused me these past nine years. I lost four years of time with my children, all of my retirement, my marriage, and my health due to his numerous mistakes.  When I saw other physicians in Salt Lake City, they immediately admitted me to the hospital to try to save my life as I was clearly, so near death.  I wrote a 14 page letter of complaint to the Idaho Board of Medicine to try to save any person's life, but after two years of consideration, they chose not to act on my complaint. Paid/Co-pay:$15000	3	4	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	comments 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	 I feel like we are the most important people in the world when we see Dr Overy.  She always gives great advise and never rushes you out of the room.  I feel like I could ask her anything 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Pacificare
14	-1	 I went to this doctor several times for the same condition and never got results. The staff really didn't seem to care. I think they are such a large clinic that they can't remember their patients. I definitely would not recommend this clinic.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	1	 Had a MCL knee repair and am extremely pleased with the surgery results. Followed directions as required and everthing went smoothly. I had full use of knee within four months.  I will require a brace for downhill skiing but that's minor.  Dr. Olscamp was very knowledgeable and took the time to explain everything in detail. Very personable and pleasant.  The scar is a minimal 2 1/2 inches and he did well to hide it on the inside of the knee cap which is a good thing for a woman.   Great job! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	1	 If you want a skillful orthopod, with a good bedside manner, who communicates the possible outcome of your surgery if you do or don't do what he instructs, Dr Olscamp is your man. He's young, he's athletic, he understands pain and the importance of a good repair for experiencing a quality life down the road. He did some significant athletic repairs to both our boys through their teenage years and into their 20's. He was outstanding in communicating the importance of following his recommendations for a full and complete recovery and painted a very clear and concise picture of what they would be doing to themselves if they chose not to heed his words. He told them what they would experience and when and what they would be inclined to do or believe at each stage. He was so spot on that chose to listen to him and didn't do the macho male...I'm fine..way of being. He is very good at what he does.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	1	 Outstanding physician and staff.  Very knowledgeable and personable.  Had seen 3 other Derms in the Valley before him without any relief.   He was the fires to get the diagnosis right and get me on proper treatment 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	-1	commentsI was told that I could have my entire face treated for sebaceous hyperplasia for $500.00. I was also told it was possible I might need more than 1 treatment, but as I had been treated for the same condition with the same laser previously with perfect results at the same office by another clinician I was not concerned.  The treatment did absolutely nothing. When I called the office for information I was told that I would need a minimum of 3 treatments and possibly up to 6 - at $500.00. Unfortunately $500.00 was already a stretch for me, so I just lost all my money 	1	5	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	commentsFantastic Dr. and person. Really cares about his pts. 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	 Dr. Obuch is great. He wont shoot you a line of crap. He is very upfront and some people dont appreciate that. I do. His staff is also great. If it werent for the specialty clinic, Dr. Obuch, and his staff, I would NEVER go to the Weiser hospital for anything.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	-1	 I would really like to say what I feel here, and what this doctor did to my life. However, I am not familiar with the legal definitions of libel or slander, so I'd better not do it. One thing I can say is that I would NEVER go to this doctor again IF MY LIFE DEPENDED ON IT. I'm really sorry he is still licensed and still practices medicine, and I feel extremely sorry for any patients that see him.  	5	1	1	1	Insurance:Aetna
50	1	 I thought he was tremendous...  he really does know what he's talking about just most people don't want to hear it as he will tell you to take it easy when necessary 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$5000
53	-1	commentsHad an initial consultation with DR. Owsley some time ago. Can't say how it all would hhave ended as I has consistent poorly treatment for Paula, the patient co-ordinator for first visit. She was extremely rude, short with me on answering my questions. Decided very uncomfortable and cancelled pre-opp appt. which I paid $250. Had much difficulty in getting it refunded. At first, she said it was non-refundable, then, agreed to refund which she never did. Finally had credit card company reverse charge. Glad not doing business there. Too bad , but I'd rather travel a distance that risk problems with this witch. I hope Dr. owsley reads this, as she sure lost a good patient for him. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	commentsThe nicest Plastic Surgeon in Post Falls he does a fantastic job on people that i have seen. i only wish i would of known about him first before I went to a doctor who pretends he is a plastic surgeon and i am ruined for life....please do your homework before you trust a doctor that just wants your money and makes you lumpy and bumpy and everything else with it...Doctor Owsley is the real plastic surgeon around so if you want to look great go to him:) 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	commentsI went to 3 consultations and I have to say Dr. Owsley spent the most time with me and did not charge for the consultation. He listened to my concerns and gave me all the risks and benefits of the procedures I wanted. From the moment I walked through the door his staff was kind, I never had to wait long in the lobby. His patient coordinator even gave me her cell number to call because I was nervous before surgery. I felt safe and well taken care of by Dr. Owsley and his team. My friends love my results and have gone to him as well. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	commentsI went to see Dr Owsley for a Tummy Tuck and Breast Reduction and Lift.  He took nearly an hour to sit and talk with me about my concerns, questions, needs and wants.  I was nervous going into such a big surgery, but after coming out of the surgery, my results were SPECTACULAR!      He didn't try to talk me into unnecessary procedures.  He listened to me and did a wonderful job!  I would recommend ANYONE to go see him.  I am so pleased with the work he did on me that I would say 100% I would do it again and wouldn't go with anyone else but Dr. Owsley and his staff.  I am one satisfied customer! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	commentsHe was the most helpful and honest doctor that i went to. He made it comfortable and i had no doubts after talking with him and his amazing staff. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	commentsDr. Owsley performed my breast reconstruction nearly 5 years ago.  He did a tram-flap at the same time as my bi-lateral mastectomy.  From the beginning, he explained my options and what was entailed in implants & tram-flaps.  He always made me feel comfortable and only forgot about me once while I was in the hostpital :).  Every time I go to my oncologist for a check-up, he asks me who did my reconstruction & tells me what a good job it is. At my last visit, he did the breast exam and then flipped through my chart looking for a mammogram--I now get chest xrays.  That is how good a job Dr. Owsley did, my oncologist can't tell the difference.  I highly recommend him for any breast surgery needed. 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
53	-1	commentsI went to Dr. Owsley for a breast augmentation and breast lift.  Although he stated many times that no two breasts are alike, I did not expect the results I received.  I ended up with two entirely different breasts in shape and size.  In addition, the alignment height of my nipples were nearly an inch different after surgery.  He attempted to correct the nipple alignment in office 6 months after surgery.  There was some improvement, however the areola of the adjusted nipple has stretched and is now larger than the other.  He was very insensitive and clearly unwilling to claim responsibility for his original surgical error.  I will not be recommending this surgeon to anyone. Paid/Co-pay:$8600	4	4	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	commentsStaff very professional and made me feel comfortable. Dr Owsley has an incredible bed side manner.He was punctual, spent a lengthy amount of time in my consultation, answering questions and detailing procedure expectations w/ great detail and professionalism. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	commentsDr. Owsley is a wonderful doctor. He did a reduction on me 5 years ago and I have other doctors ask who did it because it still looks great. He is very honest and really took care of me. 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	commentsDr. Owsley was very professional, honest and straightforward about outcome of surgery. Surgery went just as explained and recovery was excellent. Would recommend Dr. Owsley to anyone considering plastic/cosmetic surgery 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	 Dr Oswley was great my husband had a 3rd degree burn on his finger and he was awesome and took great care of my husbands hand and he never need surgery.  		5	5	5	Insurance:Workers Comp
53	0	commentsCame across as knowledgable but rude. Very much forms his own opinion about what needs to be done with disregard to my partner. 		2	2	3	Insurance:Unknown
53	0	commentsI've had two consulations with this PS. He is informative and openly answered all questions. I like the techniques he uses, however he has been a little vague when it comes to results. Not much information out there on this doctor, which made my decision to use him very hard. As well his before and after photos are old and poorly put together, not showing multiple of each type of surgery buty 2 or 3. 		3	3	3	Insurance:Unknown
54	0	commentsDr. Oster is brilliant, but of little use to most patients, as she totally lacks the ability to &quot;speak English&quot; with them. A steady stream of letters and numbers unaccompanied by understandable explanations means nothing to me. Paid/Co-pay:$20	4	2	1	5	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	 Best Doctor I have ever been to. Used her for years and she has probably saved my life. Very intelligent and knows exactly what to do no matter what the situation. Very easy to talk to and will address all your problems. Sometimes she gets a little behind but it is because she doesn't rush her patients through like cattle.  She should be listed as the best in Ada and Canyon county 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
54	1	commentsDr. Oster does not return phone calls when I leave a message.  Her nurse calls me and doesn't know how to answer questions and is frustrated and rude to me.  Her nurse decided not to wear gloves when taking my blood sample because they're a hassle&quot;.  Dr. Oster works also with infectious diseases so I would think it would be protocol to have her nurses wear gloves when examining patients WITHOUT an infectious disease.  These are the reasons I have found another primary care physician.  Thank you. 	1	2	4	4	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	 Dr. Owens has been my son's pediatrician since he was born. He LOVES her and she always tries to make him smile. She is a very down-to-earth person and always gives you her undivided attention and care. She seems to genuinely care about his well-being. We really love Dr. Owens and are following her to her new office at Meridian Pediatrics.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
56	1	commentsSo great with my daughter. Very thorough and explains everything really well. She uses technical words, but does it in a way that you can understand easily. I've never felt rushed with her. My daughter was really scared of our old doctor but completely opened up to her immediately. She always gets down to eye level with your child and addresses them first and foremost. She called me personally with my daughter's x-ray results and made us a priority to find a specialist for her injury that same day. I would recommend her to anyone, she's seriously WONDERFUL! I wish she could be my doctor too. :-P 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	 Excellent staff.  Excellent Doctors. Highly recommend them and do recommend Dana and Jim Owens, to all my family and friends.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
61	1	comments 	3	3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	commentsAmazing Dr. Has a cool head under emergency situations! He has delivered 2 of my babies! I would highly reccomend him! Love his nurse as well!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	 Love this doc, up until right before my due date, and he went out of town leaving me with doctors I had never met who didn't seem to have time to fit me into there busy client lists.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
64	1	.  He has been an amazing dr and he's very knowledgeable very good bed side manner just all around amazing 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	1	commentsI absolutely LOVED Dr. Oldroyd!! I switched from a Womens Clinic in Rexburg to his office about 3 months into my pregnancy because they didn't seem to care about me or my growing baby. Dr. Oldroyd never seemed to be rushed, he was ALWAYS VERY HELPFUL as well with every and any question. He was very polite and easy to talk to...never made me feel stupid for simple questions asked. I am now pregnant with baby # 2 and sadly living in another state and scared my next Dr. won't meet the high standards Dr. Oldroyd has set. His nurse was AMAZING! I absolutely LOVED her. Very cheerful and positive. Same with the women at the front desk. I couldn't have asked for a better experience. Even the hospital experience was AMAZING! My anesthesiologist (c-section) Vince was very professional and kind and the nursing staff made me feel welcome and cared for. I would recommend him to everyone! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	 Loved Dr. Oldroyd. Was very helpful. I was able to call with any questions and was able to get a call back or answered with in the same day. He took great care of me and listened to everything I said. I was very impressed and suggested him to many people.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
64	1	 Dr. Oldroyd has been my doctor for the last 26 years. He delivered both my daughter and my twins and I have been extremely happy. Both of my daughters are now patients of Dr. Oldroyd. He is awesome and caring.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
64	1	 I agree with the above poster. Dr. Oldroyd is one of the best gyn's I've ever been to. Always willing to help, listen, answer my questions, etc. Highly recommend him.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	1	 Dr. Oldroyd is great doctor. I have been going to him for 12 years, since I was in high school and have seen him through the birth of my daughter and am seeing him for this pregnancy. He is very knowledgeable and kind.  His bedside manner is impeccable! If he doesn't know the answer to something he tells you and finds the answer!!  I never feel like I can't be frank with him or that he wouldn't understand things because he is male.  His nurse Leslie is one of the best too.  Sometimes it seems I have waited in the waiting room a while, but I guess babies come on their own time, which I understand.  His staff has always been very helpful and honest if it's going to take too long and are willing to reschedule.  I would recommend Dr. Oldroyd and his staff to anyone who wants to feel comfortable that their health and the health of their unborn baby is in good hands.  	4	3	4	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
65	-1	commentsHe is close to zero.  While under his care, my son went several days and couldn't see him. 	3	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	commentsDr. Olnes is a wonderful doctor and person, in general. He takes time to listen, and really seems to care about your well-being, and wants to help make you better. He is kind, knowledgeable, very soft-spoken, non-threatening, and does everything he can to help you, including finding outside sources or groups to get you to to aid in your wellness. I wish him well in all that he does. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	commentsI need to add my recommendation for Dr Orton.  My whole family uses him for a variety of aches and pains and I can honestly say I am often amazed at how quickly he is able to fix them.  He listens intently to our explanation of what is happening and then gets to work solving the problem.  Thank you Dr Orton for your excellent service. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	 Wow! My son is a new kid! Two years of going to counseling, dealing with anger, self esteem issues, depression and just one step away from being on Prozac...then, only two sessions with Dr. Orton and he is a new kid! Amazing! He's nice, relaxed, understanding and does good work. The rest of my family will be seeing him soon.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
73	1	commentsDr. Orton helped me when no other doctors/chiropractor's could make a difference. I'm glad I took  chance on him.  He is more of a naturopath I would say, just not a traditional chiro.  But he was my last hope and I'm glad I took a chance on him. He helped me get over my adrenal fatigue, and my neck issues. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	comments 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	commentsDr Ozeran is great doc, very friendly and flexible with his patients and willing to consider which solution would be best for individual patients. He has a great sense of humor and is very knowledgeable. Really a &quot;small town plastic surgeon&quot;! 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
90	1	commentsNo complaints about the care I've received from him. Seems to know what he's doing. 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
90	-1	commentsVery incompetent. Misdiagnosed me which caused me months of unnecessary pain and completely ruined my knee. 		3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
