dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
5	-1	 In my experience, Dr. Abdullah doesn't seek out &quot;why&quot; a particular symptom is occurring. He gives a diagnosis and then prescribes a treatment. He practices medicine based on a set of rules, rather than patient individuality. He doesn't seem to have any intuition nor ability to see the beyond his specific area of expertise. Also scheduling is horrible.  	2	2	1	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	1	 Dr Aach is a very knowledgeable doctor who is also kind and compassionate.  He has a wonderful bedside manner and is will to spend time with you answering your questions.  I would highly recommend Dr. Aach is you are in need of surgery.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
15	1	commentsWonderful, compassionate, conscientious and phenomenal care from this surgeon, always. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	 Excellent doctor- I was scared to go into surgery in the first place, but he did such a great job.   And very kind and nice to deal with! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
15	1	 Emergency appendectomy couldn't have went better...all things considered. Most of all, I felt very confident going into surgery.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	1	commentsHe was honest, upfront and very knowledgeable. I have healed much quicker than expected and I feel he did a wonderful job. He was always on-time, his staff (Terri!) was also very helpful. They are part of a great team. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	commentsEverything you want in a doctor - kind, knowledgeable, caring and respectful.  He makes you feel like the most important patient he has. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	commentsVery honest and caring. Wish we had more doctors like him! 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	commentsI was refered to this M. D. many years ago, and he saved my life.  Not only is he an excellent surgeon, but he really cares about his patients. He is probably the best doctor that I know. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	commentsThe most knowledgeable and helpful physician I have ever met. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	commentsReferred to him many years ago by my neighbor-internist as the &quot;best rear end doctor in the country. And so have I found him to be and many of my family and friends I have referred. This a patient's doctor, so skilled you never know the procedure even began much less finished. 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	commentsIf you need a colorectal surgeon - or a thoughtful opinion regarding a colorectal problem - and you're in Chicage, this is the doctor for you. I hope he's still practicing because he is thorough, honest and caring. He seems to be much more interested in honest medical diagnosis than in the 'good old boys' club policies. 	3	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	 Dr. Jamil is a very capable doctor.  However, I almost had to choose a different doctor because his staff in Ottawa Illinois was the most incapable group of people I've ever dealt with.  They cancelled and made appointments without my consent, and then called accusing me of being late (This happened 3 times!). They were very rude and unprofessional. Making an appointment should not be this difficult or stressful.  Consider this before choosing Dr.  Jamil 	1	4	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
26	1	 The best ob i have ever had. He really listens and cares. Very thorough.... hes seriously the best.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
26	1	 He was not my primary doctor his brother was.  But he did my follow up the day after I had my son.  He was very good to me and explained everything to where I understood what he talking about.  I recommend him and his brother to everyone I know.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
26	-1	 I would not recommend this dr. to anyone HE GAVE ME A hysterectomy wasnt supposed to take my ovaries but did found out when i was transferrd to peoria hospital because of a severe infection known as flesh eating bacteria during the hysto i lost 3 pints of blood he never replaced which causethe inf. my nurses and i along with wound care complained to him about the infection he waited 13days finaly the hospital took matters in their own hands and brought in an amazing dr who saved my life i have been on a wound vac for 2month now. after the debreeding surgery they took the whole right side of my abdomen from the navel clear to the hip off and went down 6cm deep a big gapping whole the pain was unbariable i now need counceling and so do my children very traumatic exsperience for us hospitalized for 23days before all this i worked fulltime now i am unable to work at all i have lost every thing on account of his neglegance the other doctor even found a 6in thread used for stiches inside me 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
26	1	commentsDr. J was AWESOME!!! He is so nice and he takes so much time with you. Dr. J actually explained things to me instead of taking above me. He even printed up articles for me. I love this guy....I would recommend him to anyone. It sure is nice to have a good OB/Gyn out here. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	 Best doctor I have ever been to!  He was friendly and concerned, and always very helpful.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	1	 I will never go to anyone else ever.  Dr. Idries was very kind and helpful with everything. If was scared about something during my pregnancy he did what ever he could to make sure to show me nothing was wrong.  I had a hard delivery and he made sure I was as comfortable as I could be.  He is one of the best doctors in this field that I know.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
34	1	 I have to say that Dr. Idries and his staff were excellent.  I was a little nervious because I had never seen a male OB/GYN in the past but he totally put me at ease.  He was kind and answered all of my questions.  He was knowledgeable and offered me many options.  He explained things to me in a way that could be understood.   He will be my OB/GYN for life! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$10
38	1	.  DOCTOR ABDULMASSIH IS THE BEST DOCTOR IN THE WORLD!!!!!!!!!!!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Humana
38	1	commentsExcellent doctor 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	 I was referred to Dr Ghassan Abboud and did implant procedures.  He's a great dentist! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Delta Dental
41	1	 My dental visit was very pleasant- the staff was friendly and I was seen promptly. The doctor is very kind, and informative. I came to the office because a filling on the front tooth chipped- I got it fixed the same day without any pain and it looks great- you can't even tell I have a filling there - beautiful clinic providing excellent dental care.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Delta Dental
41	1	commentsdoc abboud was verey nice and helpfull to me and my family thanks doc 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	commentsDr. Abboud has given me 2 or 3 root canals and a couple crowns. Plus, Dr. Abboud had to redue conservative fillings in my teeth that led to cavities so I would not have to get more root canals. Dr. Abboud is good and I have had no trouble with my root canals or crowns. I would not say this if it were not true. I am looking for a good dentist because I have switched healthcare plans and he is not on it. It sucks. Now I cannot go to him. 		4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
41	-1	comments 		3	2	1	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	 Dr. Abate is very pleasant and seems knowledgeable.  However, on 2 of 3 visits I waited 45 minutes.  On the other visit I waited 30 minutes.  One of the visits that was 45 minutes late was to see a nurse for 60 seconds to remove stitches.  Nice enough doctor, but completely unacceptable punctuality.  	4	1	4	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$50
42	1	commentsI LOVE Dr. Abate!!! She is so gentle and calming! I had to have warts frozen off and was terrified because I had never had it done and knew it would hurt. She sat right next to me, put her hand on my lap and said, &quot;I know this will hurt, but we have to do it to make you feel better.&quot; Even though it did hurt a lot, the warts are gone! She has a great bedside manner. The only thing I don't like about her is she sometimes doesn't explain things well and prescribes different medications frequently, which may not be necessary. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	 Great physician.  Very caring and thorough 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
46	-1	commentsOh man, this 'doctor' is horrible. Quite simply, I was looking for a pulsed dye laser treatment for &quot;maintenance&quot; on my roacea. Dr. Abboud's webite came up, charmkingskin. I called and was told they do have a pulsed dye laser and that they could get me as soon as Friday! And the $300 asking price was quite reasonable. When I arrived, I had a hard to finding the place. And who wouldn't, as there is no sign! Once I found out what space they were in, as they share a space with a MRI imaging buisness, I was somewhat taken aback by their &quot;office.&quot; They have no sign, but instead something abotu the size of poster board on the floor in front of their door. Once you enter, there are 3 chairs and the receptionist, a word I use loosely, gives you 3 forms to fill out. None of the forms even take a history. Meaning, the doctor apparently doesn't feel it's important to know what health conditions you've had, surgiers, broken bones, etc. I wish I were kidding! After I spoke with the doctor, I... Paid/Co-pay:$300	1	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	commentsAfter seeing about 4 different dermatologists who claimed to be the best..with unbelievable offices and top of the line decor who had estheticians working for them...didn't help my acne at all...and then I found Dr. Abboud. Unlike other doctors/ derms..he truly tries to help you. I've been seeing him for the last 7-8 months and am happy with the results. He's very passionate about his patients and tries a lot of different approaches to achieve the desired results including laser, antibiotics, vitamins, light therapy, topical meds..etc..My cystic acne and skin discoloration have greatly improved. I still get a couple breakouts but nothing like before. 	4	2	4	4	Insurance:Unknown
46	-1	comments 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	commentsI'm so glad I found Dr. Abboud. Really a great guy and is very reasonably priced for Juvederm, Botox, etc compared to the high-priced doctors in the city that I have been to. He doesn't just tell you what you need either. I asked his opinion, he gave me several options, described the benefits to each and left it up to me to decide. I loved that, every other doctor I had been to didn't care and wanted only their opinion to matter. I am also the biggest baby when it comes to needles, he used the smallest needle to inject the numbing agent before the injections of Radiance I didn't even feel any of it! He was also very good at keeping me calm. :)Had Thermage done at his office too and couldn't be happier. His wife also works along side of him, she too is certified and a very sweet lady they almost treat you like family. Everyone I refer to them from the city are in awe with them and love their reasonable prices and how they aren't pushy and arrogant. :) 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	 I've been seeing Dr. Abboud for a little over a year, she's been a wonderful Doctor to have.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
53	1	 This is an excellent doctor.  I went to her for a thyroid issue and she could have just treated me for that and sent me on my way but she did not do that.  She tested me further and found out it was caused by something else.  She is caring and takes her time with you.  For the person who wrote the review in Oct 2009, her husband passed away and that was the cause in the delay and cancellation of her appointment.  Doctors have lives too.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
53	0	.  can't get an appt - what more can be said other than ineffectural and unprofessional staff&#63;  been waiting 4 months for my appt and the cancelled and the next available is over 2 months away and in the meantime my thyroid is going nuts - looking for a different doctor 	1	2	2	3	Insurance:Aetna
54	1	 She is a Neo-natologist as well. Dr. A. is very intelligent and prefers not to medicate first (which I appreciate). She actually READS the charts from prior visits!!!(since it is a group practice).My children are very comfortable with her as a Dr. and I am as well. I was a nursing mother for all three children and she was very helpful to me as well during those times as far as she helped me be the best mother to my children.  		4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
56	-1	commentsThe doctor was very rude and barely talked to me at all.  Then said I would need a test that required them to inject a dye into my arm.  When the nurse could not find my vein the doctor informed me that since the test could not be completed he did not want to see me again or discuss anything further with me because &quot;non-compliance with the test&quot; and promptly left without another word. 	2	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
56	-1	commentsBecame angry when I asked for clarification on why a very expensive test procedure (that I would have to pay for out of pocket) was needed and refused to even talk to me or answer my questions about it unless I did the procedure first. I refused the test procedure that day and received a letter a few days later advising me that his practice was dropping me as a patient due to my &quot;non-compliance.&quot; 	3	3	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	commentsAs a retiree under the age of 65 whose company canceled insurance, I do appreciate Dr. Abdo. He is rather fast in an exam, but seems to know a lot and answers all questions well. He also supplied me with sample medication that would have cost me a great deal. I appreciate his sensitivity to the cost of medical care. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	 Dr. Abdo is very knowledgeable and is willing to communicate that knowledge to his patients. He was luckily in the hospital when I was admitted to the ER and because of him, and against the ER doctor's advice, I was diagnosed correctly. He went to great lengths to comfort, educate & plan for my treatment. I do know that when he sees you regularly he is very fast & doesn't waste time. But having said that, he's one doctor I'd want in a crunch on my team or for something that takes a little more extensive knowledge.  		4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
60	-1	 If you like whirl winds you might like him and on our first visit to him he told us he only treated for 1 thing at a time. And he would only give you 5 to 10 minutes. He says he gets paid the same even if he did give you an hour.  		3	1	1	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-CalPaid/Co-pay:$300
63	1	 Dr. Khalek is by far the best doctor I have ever had!  She is extremely knowledgable with great intuition!  We had a great relationship from the start!  She is curtious about how paitients are feeling (both emotionally and physically), takes time with her patients, and listens very well.  I had a hard pregnancy with lack of weight gain, nausea, and migraines....and a fall on my belly.  Doctor Khalek was careful and watchful the entire pregnancy.  Around week 27, she looked at my belly and said that she wanted to get me in for an early growth ultrasound.  Her intuition was right!  It turned out something was wrong with my placenta and it was causing growth restriction.  Just by looking at my belly, she new something was wrong.  She took all the proper precautions ( fluids, some hospital stays, bed rest, high fat diet, and MFM visits).  Because of her knowledge, my baby survived!  He was born at week 37 and stayed out of the NICU.   She is an amazing doctor! 	5	3	5	5	Insurance:Humana
63	0	 She is very uncomfortable consulting patients when they are in their gowns.  My first visit she said she doesn't usually consult in that condition and acted very embarrassed, making me uncomfortable as well.  She treats examinations like she wants to be done as quickly as possible.  She is overly cautious and seems inexperienced (according to a 30 year MD), resulting in uneccessary fees for lab work and special services.  Front desk office staff range from out right rude to dismissive.  There is just one good one.  I reported nightime nausea and was given a suggestion for Benadryl by the nurse, but the doctor just had to ask when I take my prenatals (at dinner) which was the cause.  Office visits always took quite a while so I had to always be prepared with snacks for both the waiting room wait and the room wait.  	2	1	3	3	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:$20
68	1	 Dr aagaard is the best and my family is blessed to have him as our doctor.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Humana
68	1	 Very knowledgeable and explains in as much detail as you'd like to know. Wonderful beside manor. Great listener, caring, and genuinely concerned for his patients.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$20
68	1	 Our family has been seeing Dr. Aagaard for over 20 years.  He is the best and well respected through Central DuPage Hospital.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
68	1	 Delivered my 3rd child 25 yrs ago. Stepped in mid pregnancy, high risk delivery when my old OB retired. Did a FINE Job, very conscientious and attentive. A very good doc.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
68	1	 Extremely compassionate doctor.  Spends a lot of time with patients.  Really makes you feel you are in good hands.  Can't imagine anyone better.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	1	commentsDr. Aagaard is a great doctor, and a kind, sympathetic, Christian man. Though he made a terrible mistake when caring for me, when he found he had misdiagnosed & misjudged me, he apologized profusely. It was hard at first for me to forgive him because I suffered with more pain than I can easily describe during those four years. It wasn’t just Dr. Aagaard who made a mistake; I was misdiagnosed by all of the doctors I’d seen during this time, including Mayo Clinic. When I was finally diagnosed correctly with severe, post-hysterectomy endometriosis, I found out that it was extremely rare and found in only 4% of people with endometriosis. I have forgiven him and readily recommend him to anyone wanting a doctor who’ll care for him/her in an intelligent and gentle manner. One of the things I've valued most about him is his ability to admit when he doesn't know all the answers. A lot of doctors have the idea that they have to know everything in order to keep their patient's trust but, in reality, I find it more difficult to trust someone who can admit to no wrong. Dr. Aagaard values his pati 		3	5	4	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	 A doctor I completely trust with all of my children.  He is caring, compassionate and genuinely concerned about his patients! He is probably the most knowledgeable doctor I have met and my children think he is awesome too! 		3	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	1	 He Really takes time to listen to concerns and answer questions. He is wonderful with our daughter and is extremely knowldegeable. We are fortunate to have such a great Doctor.  		5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
70	1	 I am forever grateful to Dr. Abdellatif and his courteous and professional team. I was referred to Dr. Abdellatif and am so appreciative to Dr. Abdellatif and his staff for seeing me on such short notice and for performing the procedure needed to alleviate my lower back pain.  I walked out of their surgical center a new and pain-free person!  Thank you!  Nancy K.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
73	1	 The best Periodontist I ever had. He explained every procedure down to the last detail. He is very patient and answered every question I had (there were many).He is very gentle and concerned about the patients comfort during a procedure and he treats his staff very well and had communications with my regular dentist at all times.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
73	1	 What I thought was funny about this situation is that I had Cigna insurance. I found him at a dentist office in Aurora, IL. That location was Not in network. He is also a dentist in Roselle at a site that is in network. I had asked him why he wasn't in network, but he never mentioned that he was in network (at the other site) I did not learn about this until the following year. At that time I did travel to Roselle to have him perform another tissue graft procedure. I think he is good, but I guess the moral of the story is to always spend a lot of time doing your homework cause if you don't it is going to cost you lots and lots of money. Overall, I like him, just wish he would have told me 'what's up. ' 	5	3	3	5	Insurance:CIGNA
73	1	 Vry nice. Always helpful and knew exactly what he was doing.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
73	-1	 Horrible office organization; doctor is always 30-40 min. late, never apologizes. Doctor does not seem to care about his patients - never called even after an oral surgery. Not very polite.  	1	1	2	2	Insurance:Anthem
74	1	commentsDr. Abadeer is excellent.  Spent over an hour with me on my first appointment and was able to help with some physical ailments that had bothered me for nearly two years.  I saw several doctors and specialists.  No one could help me.  I was amazed when he came up with some very simple possible causes that no one ever mentioned.  I have been seeing him for 5 years and am always extremely please with my care.  I feel better than ever and trust Dr. Abadeer's advice explicitly.  He is very kind, genuine, and caring.  He truly wants to understand what the problem is and to provide you with excellent care.  I can't say enough good things about him.  I HIGHLY recommend Dr. Abadeer. 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
74	1	 Absolutely wonderful.he really cares about his patients I would recommend him to anyone.. I wish all doctors could be like him 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
74	1	commentsKnowledgeable and kind. Always running late and I feel very rushed during my appointments. I do not feel that my medical problems were given individualized attention. Very difficult to get an appointment in a timely manner. 	4	1	4	4	Insurance:Unknown
74	1	 My husband and I both absolutely love Dr. Abadeer and would recommend him highly!!  He is the most compassionate Dr. that I have ever known.  He will find the right specialist for you if you need it.  His nurse Cindy is fantastic as well.  He is honest and caring which is very hard to find.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
74	1	 I'm dealing with a long, complex medical history and needed a new internist. I wac honestly stunned when he spent 45 minutes (no rushing) with me on my first appointment to truly gather information about me and my medical issues. Since then, Dr. Abadeer has cared for me through multiple hospitalizations. I've never had such a compassionate, skilled physician. On top of this, he has been an advocate for me with specialists, insurance companies, and employers...I've never experienced this medical advocacy before. His faith and humble attitude for God just make him all the more valuable. If I have a friend or family member who is ill, I wouldn't want them to see anyone other than Dr. Abadeer.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
74	1	 My wife and I both love Dr. Abadeer.  He is a wonderful doctor who is very knowedgeable and cares very much for his patients.  He is very thorough and does not rush you through your appointments.  The specialists he has referred us to have been very good also.   signed, Don and Sue Baker 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
74	1	 Dr. Abadeer is very approachable and not at all judgmental. He is an excellent listener. He values your opinions and ideas about your condition. He doesn't have the superiority complex that some doctors have. He works with you to find a solution to your problem. He has been an amazing advocate. I've never had a doctor like him before.  	5	3	5	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
74	1	commentsMy husband was admitted to the hospital and we didn't have any insurance.  Dr. Abadeer has never treated him any less unlike other doctors have in the past.  His genuine concern is unlike any other doctor I have dealt with in the past.  My husband's condition was unlike any other patients Dr. Abadeer had dealt with in the past so he sought advice and researched what he wasn't sure of.  Although sometimes I didn't like what he had to say of his condition, he was always to the point and honest about what lied in his future and explained things so I could understand them.  I've dealt with many doctors and would recommend Dr. Abadeer highly!! 	5	5	5	4	Insurance:Unknown
74	1	 Dr. Abadeer is an amazing doctor.  He takes a personal interest in your medical problems.  He found a large tumor that nobody else noticed.  Furthermore, Dr. Abadeer also helped me figure out what was actually going on with my back problems after 6 years of clueless doctors and physical therapy.  He is willing to refer out when he feels that further help is needed.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
74	1	 I started seeing Dr. Abadeer when he was a new doctor, just out of school. I had a lot of long term problems and he sounded sincere in wanting to help me. I was very excited to finally find a doctor willing to work with diabetes, fibromyalgia, restless leg, insomnia, and others. Two years later, and many referrals and many tests later, however, nothing was resolved. He had become busier and more successful, and just stopped trying to help me and my complex issues.  	3	4	4	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
85	1	 Phenomenal Doctor. Was very knowledgeable and helped me understand everything that was going on. Did not know much about Anesthesiology, but he explained everything and made my experience very comfortable and easy.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
88	-1	commentsFind a different provider.  Your just a number to them.  They really don't care.  Be carful with your health. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
93	-1	 I received very poor treatment from this doctor.  He was rude and impatient.  Unable to diagnose my condition and I had to see another doctor.  	3	3	1	2	Insurance:Humana
99	1	commentsVery nice. Excellent doctor. Good patient care.  Very knowledgable 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
