dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
2	-1	commentsVery disappointed with a recent cataract surgery. My eyes were much better before! Completely lacking in compassion &amp; poor &quot;bedside manner.&quot; Aloof. I'm not so sure he has kept up with the latest technology. 	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	commentsI read over the comments here before posting, and I tend to agree (as a longstanding patient of the Doctor). Dr. Dado is an EXCELLENT physician. The one individual who commented on him being in the 'right age' was right on: Doctor is old enough to have experience and understanding, but not SO OLD that I'm concerned about his knowledge of new innovations. This is especially relevant to me, as I have macular degeneration, where new developments are happening all the time. For quality of medical care, knowledge, 'bedside manner' he is a 10! (And surgical skills. He saved my Dad's eye a few years back at Christ). Here's the big 'BUT'. Doc is extremely popular in this area of Chicago. Getting an appointment, especially in the summer months or holidays, can be VERY DIFFICULT. I learned this a while back, and I always call well in advance. Also, he can tend to run behind the schedule, but for me (and anyone whose #1 priority is quality of treatment and skill) the tradeoff is wo 		3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	commentsOne of the most skilled physicians I have ever been treated by in my experience -- a little difficult to get in to see him, but, as long as you prepare ahead of time (i.e. schedule a month or two in advance) you'll be fine. 		4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	commentsDuring my visit I felt that I was treated very well.I would absolutely recommend this doctor to my family and friends.  I felt this visit was an amazing success!Overall I would rate this visit : outstanding! 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
3	-1	 This doc runs the show at Alexian Brothers Behavioral Health Hospital.  Based on my experience and reviews by other patients that have been treated by this doc all agree that our society and legal system should remove this doc from practice.  From poor staff and unprofessional attitude presented this doc, it is the worst Psychiatrist I have ever had.   Be aware!!! 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Aetna
19	1	 Dr. Daddono is always very helpful and knowledgeable in his field of asthma and allergy.  He is by far the best doctor for this field in all of Lake County! 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	-1	 When unable to make proper diagnosis physician resorts to irrational methods. After he is unable to treat you with one of his ridiculous potions, you are dismissed as a patient with a rude office visit and letter following.  	2	4	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	 Extremely knowledgeable, genuine, caring and displaying good humor.  Exceptional diagnostician and is extremely knowledgeable in all areas of medicine both  within and ouside of his specialty. Calm, patient with questions and explanations.  One of the best physicians I have encountered.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	 I have been going to dr daddano for 25 yrs my father brother and 2 sons also go to him. He is by far the best doctor ever.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	 Absolutely the best - cut from cloth unmade these days, Dr Dadano goes WAY above and beyond any other doctor in any specialty I have had in my life.  They simply do not make them like this guy any more.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-CalPaid/Co-pay:$2
19	1	 Dr. Daddano is, simply, the best.  He's super nice and easy to work with (as are his staff), he's knowledgeable not only in his specialty, but far beyond (and isn't afraid to give you good advice like some doctors are), he knows how to navigate the complicated healthcare system, and although it's obvious he's very busy, he'll always give you the time you need and answer any questions.  He has even stayed quite late, when necessary.  He's quick, but thorough, a rare quality in docs these days.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
19	1	 The smartest man you will ever meet.  He does not play games or bs around. He is right to the point and knows what he is talking about.  he is busy so he does not have time to chit chat but ask him what you want and he will answer.  he once diagnosed what he though was wrong with me over the phone without even seeing the rash, and he was right.  I went to doctors for 4 months prior who could not figure it out.  One visit to Dr. D. and one shot of cortisone and my rash and fever were gone.   By far, THE BEST!!!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	 Has a been a delight and very helpful. He shows that he cares and asnswers all the question we have.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Humana
19	1	 Wonderful, Kind, Funny, MD who is extremely intelligent and excellent diagnostician. I recommend to anyone...and I consider him a good Doctor and friend.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	 I myself have gone to Dr Daddano for 35 years, 20 years ago my husband (who had reoccurring sinus infections) was evaluated for allergies by Dr. and he was and is treated with great success. 10 years ago I took our 27 year old son to doctor because of reoccurring migraines, and he was diagnosed with allergies to things you could not evade, mold, dust, pollen, trees and some he could, such as foods.  Our son has become a veterinarian and is now also being treated for allergies to dogs and cats, and doing wonderfully.  Dr D has been an excellent doctor for us all these years.  He is caring and has lots of patience as he explains things to each of us.  I have been eager to recommend his practice to any of my friends who need a great allergist.  OBTW I am an RN.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	 Great doctor.  Asked a lot of questions and really listened to me.  Didn't talk down to me but related to me and provided sound advice for my situation.  	4	3	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	commentsI have taken all 3 kids there - starting with my now 19 year old at age 2, who had severe allergies. Dr Daddono was wonderful every time we saw him. He is very knowledgeable, does not rush through an appointment, and offers treatments that work. I have recommended him to several friends and family members. And they love him too! 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	 Fabulous doctor, known him for over 30 years...respect him and his knowledge as I am an RN. I was breaking ribs (believe it or not) when I sneezed prior to becoming his patient.  I have been his patient for 30+ years and with the long term treatment I have been without the problems I once had. Now my husband and son are patients as well.  Their improvement with allergy injections has been fantastic, no more sinusitis or ear infections and able to breath again easily and without those past allergic reactions.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	commentsWarm, caring and experienced doctor with easy going and great understanding of patients' needs.  Straightforward and clear in explaining issues and treatment options.  A great doctor. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	 Dr.  Daddano has seen 2 of our 3 boys and was wonderful! He came highly recommended and did not disappoint! He diagnosed our 6-year old correctly, even showing us some great allergy bedding/ dust mite products to use from a catalog and we have used that and more and our son's symptoms have all but gone away! I feel very confident with his years of experience behind him and his wonderful bedside manner (I wanted to take him home with us!) I would highly recommend him to anyone! 		5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
19	1	 Best doctor ever. Has solved three different chronic health issues that other doctors hadn't a clue how to treat.  		5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	 Took my 17 year old in after a very unexpected reaction to pecans (this child had been eating nuts all her life). Very careful about testing as to not have another bad reaction. Follow up visit to go over plan for care thorough and well explained to my daughter. Recommendations for epipen and Alert bracelet were given.  		4	4	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	1	commentsgood service, knowledgable, helpful and polite Paid/Co-pay:$70	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
29	-1	commentsthe worst cardiologist ive ever met and extremely rude to his ancillary staff. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	 She is the greatest.  I would recommend her to anyone who wanted a doctor.  Bottom line, she is the best.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Tricare
37	1	 Love her. Would recommend her to anyone looking for a great physician. She treats you like a person, not a patient.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
37	1	 Fantastic doctor. Very kind, and treats you like a human being. She's thorough and very smart. Punctuality is excellent, you can always get an appointment, and the staff are great, too.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
39	1	 Assume surgeon in my opinion the best in Peoria, IL area. Knowledgeable and kind. If you are having any foot or ankle pain he is the Doctor to go with. I was in pain for over three years and he fixed me when other Doctors could not. Now I am pain free. I am so happy I found him.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	1	 Excellent Surgeon.  Wonderful staff.  I am glad I made the decision to have Dr D'Souza work on my feet.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Humana
43	-1	commentsThis doctor did a bad job on my teeth.  I had to go to another dentist to repair the work he did. 	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	 I would not want to see any other gastroenterolgist unless Dr. D'Astice sent me to them.  He found an adnoma in my colon that had to be surgically removed along with 12 inches of my colon and keeps a close watch on me bcause of it. He also found and removed on two occasions tumors in my esophogus.  He is kind with a professional and yet friendly bedside manner. Easy to talk to and listens well. Although I may be afraid each time I have a checkup as to what he might find, when I see him he puts my mind at ease and I'm positive I'm in good hands.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
44	1	commentshe is excellent and listens very well 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	 He's the best kept secret! Very patient and takes his time and not in a rush. I read many reviews about him that says hes best among doctors schaumburg and that's what wanted me to try him out. He's truly a genius when it comes to knowledge and experience. I told him my symptoms and the diagnosis was accurate.  His Clinic charges a lot less for tests than a hospital.  In my humble opinion, he's the best among physicians or family practice doctors and internists in the schaumburg hoffman estates area! I recommend him and his facility - horizon medical center ! 5 stars! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Humana
60	1	commentsOne of the best doctors in Schaumburg. Excellent facility. I paid 50% less for the tests than what I would have if I used a hospital. Very friendly and doesnt prescribe drugs thats not necessary. Among the doctors in schaumburg, I would rate him the best that I've seen so far. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	 I am alive today because he diagnosed my heart disease in time & prevented heart attack. He spends enough time & makes his patient very comfortable.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
60	1	 One of the most passionate and experienced doctor. Spends as much time you need to feel comfortable. Runs late but that's the price you pay for one of the best doctors. I'll anytime recommend him.  		4	5	5	Insurance:Humana
60	1	 He is very knowledgeable Doctor who would take his time and answer any/all question I have to make Patients feel comfortable. He would also take candid feedback for Dr's he referred to ensure they are up to your expectations.  		4	5	5	Insurance:Henry Ford / HAP
60	1	commentshe is the best doctor and always there when needed :) 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	 I Highly recommend Dr. Dachman for anyone experiencing any type of pain issue. Dr. Dachman and his entire staff provide excellent, thorough, compassionate care. It is extremely difficult living in constant pain and very hard to find a Doctor who understands this and truly wants to help. I always felt respected and heard by Dr. Dachman and his staff and this is such an important aspect of the doctor/patient relationship for a pain patient. I am grateful for both the quality of care and the compassion and understanding I was shown. He and his staff believe in treating the 'whole person' utilizing the best and most up-to-date medical interventions available. Thank you Dr.  Dachman and Staff! You are the Best!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
70	1	 I have been a patient of Dr. Dachman for 23 years.  When I came to him I was very crippled by rheumatoid arthritis.  He got me back on track with medications that he reduced as my symptoms subsided. Dr. Dachman really knows how to get inflammation under control. He encouraged me to exercise which I do faithfully and vigorously to keep the RA under control. The combination of meds and exercise has worked wonderfully for me. He is always listens attentively and stays well informed on the latest medical findings.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
70	1	commentsI've been a patient for over 10 years and I've never had anyone fight so hard for me and take such good care of me. I have a rare disease, but I know I can handle it because I have Dr. Dachman taking care of me. I've had many times that I had to see him on an emergency basis, and he was always available that day. His staff is also very helpful when I have a question or concern. I've recommended him to family members, and they have the same opinion that I do. Dr. Dachman is truly the best at what he does. It's rare to find such a skilled doctor who also has compassion for his patients, but I found him in Dr. Dachman 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	 Fantastic doctor and office personnel. Saved my life 18 years ago when my primary physician misdiagnosed my symptoms to extent of causing a heart attack. Saved my father-in-law's life by prescribing tests that found a life-threatening problem. Cured my father's bad feet when nobody else could. Absolutely the best there is.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
70	1	 Dr. Dachman is the only physician that was able to help my husband and myself and in fact my entire family! His knowledge is unending, his course of treatment is always with one goal, to help his patient become well again and his compassion is one of a trusted family member. Anyone I know that deals with the disease of &quot;pain&quot; I personally recommend Dr. Dachman. It seems today in our world of immediate gratification we have lost the ability to be calm and wait for the proper thing to do. But because of Dr. Dachman I have a new view on how I am suppose to be treating myself.  Thank you Dr Dachman for giving me my life back! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
70	1	commentsDoctor and staff are a cut above!  Dr Dachman manages to perfectly balance a friendly &quot;small-town doctor attitude&quot; with big-city knowledge and expertise.  His friendly and competent staff members make the complex job of office coordination seem effortless.  I would recommend this office to any of my family and friends! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	 My friend referred me to this doctor and said he was very knowledgeable and helpful. I went to see him this past week for back pain, he gave me a few shots and I felt much better the next day. I would recommend him to anyone in pain. Plus his staff was very friendly and helpful.             *Amanda* 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
70	1	commentsExcellent doctor, was able to figure out what was wrong after other's could not. He explained everything, very thorough,very kind, he even gave me his personal cell phone number if I had any further questions. The office always runs time and I never have to wait. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	 I am so thankful to have seen Dr. Dachman.  He carefully diagnosed my pain disorder after running several tests just to be sure.  Rather than prescribing meds, I was given holistic treatment, which I was unsure of at first, but has truly worked!  I have to strongly disagree with some previous comments.  He acts like a friend to his patients, and any ego they may have described was most likely in a joking manner, as is often found due to his casual, friendly nature. Not only do I feel much better after seeing Dr.  Dachman, but I actually enjoy my frequent visits to his office! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
70	1	 A very knowledgeable and precise physician.  He knew exactly how to tackle my problem. I'm glad I finally found a doctor who listens and knows what he is doing. His staff were all uplifting and pleasant also.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Humana
70	-1	commentsDo NOT go see him. He doesn't listen and like someone else on here he injected me with steroids without informing me of what they were first, or if I consented... FIVE times! He is arrogant and ordered a ton of tests on me which he never even followed up on or asked me about in subsequent visits! He actually asked me to get the same test 3 times because he never rad my chart prior to seeing him. He wrote me TONS of medicine which I didn't need and misdiagnosed me. Please, don't go to him!!! 	1	5	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
70	-1	commentshas a god complex very arrogant!   Does not spend enough time with patient to understand issue. 	2	3	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	commentsits about  time that my wife amd I found a doctor with expertise in both arthritis and pain! Not only is Dr Dachman  a doctor with tons of medical knowlege..he also is the rare doc with tons of heart...After seeing numerous orthopedists..rehab doctors..and internists..Dr dachman solved the conundrum and successfully helped me...Now, rather than retiring, and feeling down about my health, this physician has given me new energy; my very painful illness is much better, and I truly thank him for this. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
70	-1	 I was referred to him for trigger point injections. He did a complete pain work-up — which I did not want, and the referring doctor did not request.  He did a diagnosis based on what he found in my chart, without having seen me. He didn't listen to what I said about my symptoms.  He told me my problem was from sleep deprivation.  I sleep eight hours every night. His diagnosis was wrong (based on the opinion of every other doctor I've seen.)  I told him I didn't want drugs; he prescribed them anyway.  He had his assistants do trigger point injections, using a steroid instead of an anesthetic, without telling me that he was going to do it, let alone discussing it with me first.  If he had, I wouldn't have allowed it.  The result was four weeks of severe pain and spasm, and horrible side-effects — with no benefit at all. Quite an ego, by the way. The communication was all one-way. His staff was rushed because he was seeing several patients at once.  	3	5	1	1	Insurance:Medicare
70	1	 I went to Dr. Dachman until I moved too far away. He is the BEST and I have yet to find any doctor in my area to even come close.  He is thorough, knowledgeable, compassionate, courteous and a pleasure to know.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Humana
70	0	commentsThis doctor is very cocky like a previous patient said. He rubbed me the wrong way. I only went to him once and I was not impressed. He was listed on the Co-Cure Good Dr. List for treating Fibromyalgia, so I thought I would drive the 2 hours to see him. I did not follow his advise at all. I was glad that he ordered blood tests to rule out some other disorders, but he seems all too eager to write out prescriptions for Cymbalta and Lyrica. I did not fill either of the Rx's. I would not recommend him. 	5	5	3	3	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	 Most empathetic doctor I have met in years. He was constantly making sure that every need of mine was taken care of. I feel like a new man because of Dr. Dachman.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
70	-1	 He tried to diagnose me with a disease I do not have rather than testing to find the cause of my pain. I told him I was waking up in pain from my back, he tried to give me a sedative used for controlling multiple personalities rather than controlling my pain so I'd sleep normally. I do not recommend him. It wasn't until I saw a new doctor that I realized the inadequate care I was receiving. I did not receive proper pain management. If you see him, I hope your experience is better than mine.  	1	2	1	1	Insurance:Aetna
70	1	commentsDoc is great I called him at 11pm. and he was glad to help. Even when you wake him up. Kudos to the good doc. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	 I have been a patient for a long time and because of this man's care I have remained fully functional despite have RA. He responds quickly to any of my concerns and once even returned a phone call I had made to the office with a question from out of state while he was on vacation!!! He has the right personality to maintain a long-term relationship with patients with chronic disease and believes in aggressive pain management with a holistic approach. I am thankful to be under his care and drive 45 minutes each way to see him--it is more than worth it.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
70	1	 HE IS THE BEST...VERY COMPREHENSIVE AND SAVED MY LIFE..THROUGH TESTING, HE WAS ABLE TO DIAGNOSE A RARE CONDITION AND INSITIUTE TREATMENT.  		5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
70	1	commentsI highly recommend him: He is very caring and works hard to get the best treatment for you. He is strongly opinionated but listens to you; a bit cocky but compassionate. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
71	1	commentsAs I am a tourist, touring around the world, I have visited several doctors for my routine check-up and illnesses... But Mrs.Dabil was different, I did never write a comment even at a restaurant, or anywhere else but Mrs.Dabil is very different... Thanks a lot for everything Doc, I can see everything clearly... 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	 Dr. Dabhi exceeds my expectations of a dentist. I have visited many dentists and Dr. Dabhi is the first dentist that I have met that works with you financially, providing the best dental care possible during this economy and is by far the only dentist I have met yet, that will thoroughly explain your oral health condition until you fully understand the condition. As soon as you step into Dr.Dabhi's office, she will not let you leave until you receive the best care and leave satisfied! If you are a patient, then you do not know how truly blessed you are to meet a dentist as phenomenal as Dr. Dabhi, a dental assistant as impressive as Julie, and a desk receptionist as remarkable as Chris. The three of these women strive to ensure the best care in dentistry to each patient. You will truly not regret the day you step into this office and learn to LOVE dentists because of Dr. Dabhi and her staff.  She truly resembles what a dentist should be by looking at the health care over the business! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
80	1	 The conditions were very clean and sanitary. I will keep going there forever! Dr.  Dabhi and her staff were very friendly! I loved the atmosphere and am so glad to have her as my dentist! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:HumanaPaid/Co-pay:$400
80	0	commentsI went in for a cleaning and waited 25 minutes before Dr. Dabhi came in to see me.  She then brought two staff members in the room and scolded them for running to her with minor issues when she thought they could have handled it themselves.  She then started to clean my teeth and was not gentle (my gums still hurt the next day which has never happened before).  The assistant then started to polish my teeth and was also not gentle.  The whole cleaning lasted less than 10 minutes, which I feel is very rushed compared to experiences with other dentists. My teeth did not feel clean when they were done.  I feel like the dentist was very unprofessional.  I left feeling uncomfortable and sore.  I will be switching dentists. 	4	2	3	3	Insurance:Unknown
80	-1	commentsTerrible bedside manner. Unsanitary conditions. Uses students for assistants. &quot;Does not wear gloves. 	2	5	2	1	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	 Excellent Service. I was very satisfied with Dr. Josephine’s service. The Office is warm and welcoming and the staff is very happy, friendly and always smiling. Dr. Dabhi is very reliable and genuinely interested in patient’s well being. My whole family even my 4 year old was very comfortable with her. One noticeable thing about her office is she has beautiful pictures on the ceiling in all the rooms which actually helps relax during the treatment.  I have a lot of implants so it is very easy for any dentist to take advantage and scare me but she actually genuinely advised and personally showed me how to take good care of it in order to avoid any further damage. Besides she always said good things about the dentist who did my implants which was very rare. I would recommend her to everyone.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
80	1	commentsDr. Josephine Dabhi is very caring, knowledgeable, and kind. She demonstrates phemonemal dentistry and handskill! My family and I have been her patients for seven years and we always look forward to our dental visits. I would highly recommend her! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
80	-1	 The amount above was to fix a mistake she made by putting a cap on a tooth w/out requiring it be trimmed. When it fell apart in 2 year, insurance would not pay for it again. She almost cost us $5000 by recommending a bridge that 2 other DDS said I did not need.  	1	4	1	1	Insurance:Delta DentalPaid/Co-pay:$1259
80	-1	commentsDr. Dabhi denied me any anesthesia for 2 fillings! I asked repeatedly and she said I wouldn't need any since she didn't have to go very deep. After expressing my pain, she told me that her 4-year-old daughter would have handled it better. What a disappointment, especially to the dental community! I would highly suggest a compassionate professional over Dr. Dabhi any time. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	commentsHe is the best docter in the world! He is compassionate and knowledgeable and kind.He always puts his patients first. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	 I have had many Doctors in my life but when I went to see him he got my attention. Great listener problem Solver! I would rather not have aDoctor if I could not have him.  I think he is THE VERY BEST PHYSICIAN I HAVE EVER HAD! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
89	1	 Dr.D'Souza is a very knowledgeable doctor.  He diagnosed a problem for me when other doctors couldn't.  He has a very warm personality and really cares about you.  He does not rush through your visit and he makes sure that you understand what is going on before you leave. His staff are equally warm and helpful.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:$15
93	1	commentsBest doctor I've ever had. 		4	4	4	Insurance:Unknown
