dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	 Charming, compassionate, intelligent, great communicator and collaborator with other doctors, even from other parts of the country as needed. Proactive plans with total respect for patients needs and personal style. Respectful of whole family dynamics and keeping focus on patient first.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:AetnaPaid/Co-pay:N/A
1	1	 Always on time, lets you ask all questions and never rushes you.  Knowledgable and has a focus on research and cutting edge therapies.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:HumanaPaid/Co-pay:N/A
1	1	commentsRight away Dr. Nabham sets you at ease. His kind demeanor and extensive knowledge make each visit a good experience. He is very personable and answers all questions. He really cares about his patients. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	 Dr. Nagar is very personable, easy to talk to, clearly knows her stuff and also clearly is enthusiastic about her profession. Listened to me carefully. Made recommendations that seem to be heading me in the right direction in looking for a diagnosis.  A+ in my book! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
15	-1	 She ordered a expensive medical procedure in writing, then refused to provide a referral because it would have to be out of network, as she could not provide an in network doctor who could do it. After, ordering a copy of my medical records from her, the chart included careless mistakes such as writing my age as 20 when I was 32 and saying I was right handed when I am left. If you want a doctor who cares less about you and only her big salary shes the one for you.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
19	-1	 I don't think so I can comment on Doctor's knowledge but can definitely comment on his ability to apply. I took my daughter to him couple of times (unfortunately) and he never diagnoised anything but always supported what someone else said. Ex: My wife said on 6 month appt that she seems to be bending her neck towards left, then he scared us as if we have to go for a surgery and asked to see a therapist. He can just be a messenger nothing more. Don't carry away with the kids friendly lobby, please see another doctor.  	3	1	1	3	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
19	1	commentsDr. Nadelman has been very through and right to the point. He does not believe in unnecessary medications or treatment. 	4	2	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
19	-1	 Dr nadelman laughed at my concerns when my son would not respond to his name and seemed to be having seizures. I got a new dr asap my son was diagnosed with ASD soon after and is in therapy. Dr Nadelman ignored my concerns thankfully I did not listen I got help for my child else where.  	1	3	1	1	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-CalPaid/Co-pay:N/A
21	-1	.   	1	1	1	1	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
32	1	comments 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	 DR Nager is a very good neurologist. He takes time to get to know you, without his hand on the door knob. He try`s every test available if he believes it`s needed, though does not just test with out cause, he is well versed in thought and has never been rude and cold and callouse. He is not above saying he dos`nt know and refering you on to another clinic as he did with me going to MAYO clinic. I would highly recommend Dr.Nager to anyone looking for a straight shooting doctor.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
40	1	 After a disastrous health period, having already met both my deductibles, I needed new medication.  A different doctor put me on this medication but it was Dr. Nager who caught a serious problem. I have been his patient ever since that time and the care I have received has been superb. He has been available, patient, and compassionate with my young family when problems have arisen.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
40	1	 I have beenn seeing Dr. Nager since 2009. I respect him tremendously. He is knowledgeble and has a great 'bedside' manner. He understands the disease I have as well as it can be understood. He is patient, attentive and makes himself available to patients whenever we need him. Dr. Nager is a highly professional Neurologist.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:MedicarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
40	1	 Awesome Doctor, excellent bedside manor, very concerned, doesn't give up/ or just asume you're a hypochondriac because he can't figure out what is going on.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
40	1	commentsRequested a phone call when unable to be by my daughter's bedside when Dr. Nager made rounds.  He not only complied, but left a message when I couldn't answer immediately, and then took plenty of time to explain things when I did call back.  Was NOT hurried or abrupt. 	3	3	4	3	Insurance:Unknown
40	-1	commentsArrogant, doesn't return phone calls to patients until after hours even when they are having seizure activity. Told my husband &quot;I'm the doctor and I know what I'm doing&quot; He didn't 		2	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
44	0	 Staff was very disgusting and rude. A lady was eating Cheetos at her desk and handed me paperwork with Cheetos fingerprints on the paper. I asked for a reprint and she made fun of me.  	1	3	2	3	Insurance:Workers CompPaid/Co-pay:N/A
44	1	commentsHe ran late but gave us plenty of time to explain the situation. He gave great attention once he did arrive. 		4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
45	-1	 She charged me for a office visit with my physical. I came only for a physical. She is making extra money by adding charges. I am upset. will never go there. A doctor should be taking care of a patient and not after the money. It effects especially for patients who have deductibles. I will never go there.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
45	-1	commentsLacks bedside manner and thinks she is a weight loss doctor even though she is an internist. Condescending nature, too. Needs to improve bedside manner and keep up with current health research. 	1	2	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	commentsDr. Nagpal is a good trustworthy doctor, and she spends whatever time is needed to listen to you and provide the right treatment. 		4	4	4	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	 Dr. Nagle did my gastric bypass surgery in 2009. I have nothing but gratitude and respect for his expertise, confidence and determination to take me on as a patient. He did an excellent job and the follow-up care was terrific.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:MedicarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
50	1	 Dr. Nagle is the best and is always my surgeon of choice.  He really listens and answers all your questions no matter what and he makes sure you understand what he is telling you.  He has a lot of compassion and patience.  I am very grateful to have him as my surgeon.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
50	1	 I am very picky &amp; impatient &amp; SPOILED! Dr Nagle understands that I will ONLY see HIM @ his office not just with this office any of my physicians. I want my Dr to KNOW ME &amp; not just read what is written in my chart! He gives me options &amp; when I dont make my appt or miss my appt he or his office will call just to make sure Im ok..how many does that&#63; He is very patient when he saw that I will wait 3 months for an appt just to see him or get up at the crack of dawn whatever it takes I am paranoid &amp; get upset very quick when I cant see my doctor. he is one who truly cares or as the other comment said &quot;HE GIVES A DAMN&quot;... Since he did my surgery &amp; I am successful &amp; no complications THANK GOD..I have sent 3 patients to him all of which are pleased with him doing their surgery. LUV US SOME DR.  NAGLE :D 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:AetnaPaid/Co-pay:N/A
50	1	 Dr. Nagle is a very kind and caring Dr. He is a great listener, very skilled surgeon, and is thorough to look for any problems after your surgery is done.  If I ever need abdominal surgery again, he's the only one that I want to do it! 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:$1100
50	1	 Dr. Nagle saved my life.  Literally.  He is the most highly skilled, brilliant doctor that I have ever known.  He successfully diagnosed my gastric medical problems when doctors at 4 other hospitals (18 hospitalizations) were unable to do so.  I will send him a thank you note every year for the rest of my life.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNAPaid/Co-pay:N/A
50	1	 i HIGHLY recommend Dr. Nagle - he basically saved my quality of life.  my &quot;exploratory&quot; surgery resulted in 9 hours of a very complex surgical procedure.  anyone who is contemplating GI surgery of anytime should consult Dr. Nagle.  He's a VERY skilled AND compassionate surgeon.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
50	1	 Dr.  Nagle is the best surgeon, and is very very nice :) 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:UnicarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
50	1	commentsDr. Nagle is the best Surgeon I have ever met. He Rocks! 		4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	 Dr. Nagle is a very caring and experienced doctor and would highly recommend him. If I ever have to have another surgery that involves the gastric area, I would not want anyone else but Dr. Nagle to perform it.  		4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
50	1	commentsdealing with a very difficult infection,he is the only dr. to give a damn. He listens,is compassionate and very caring. I HIGHLY rec. him. As for staff they to are the best. No problem in getting an answer to a situation or emergency. He has saved my leg a couple of times. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	 Dr. Nagle is great. However, very hard to contact in emergency situations. The support staff, i.e.  nurses are the worst!!!! 		2	5	5	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
50	1	 Fabulous Dr, extremely knowledgable, great bedside manner, courteous, very experienced, dedicated, confident, kind and very skilled at surgery. The best and I would highly recommend him to anyone interested in bariatric surgery.  		5	5	5	Insurance:MedicarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
55	1	 Dr. was very knowledgeble as an internal MD. He was able to help me and refer out when necessary. Dr's staff was very helpful. His nurse was very friendly and knowledgble as well. I actually enjoy visits to the doctors' office now.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
55	-1	commentsBe careful, this doctor only cares about money. He seems nice at first, but if any insurance or filing issues arise he will NOT be there for you. The staff is extremely unfriendly, especially the receptionists. 	1	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
58	-1	 Extremely poor and unprofessional behavior and bedside manner.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$325
58	-1	 I'm so glad I finally get a chance to share my experience with his future patients.  I suffered from colitis for years, and on my first appt. Dr. Nagel said &quot;what do you expect me to do&quot;, and then he said with the meds I'm on I'll either die from the prednisone or die from the disease. In all my years of dealing with doctors, I've NEVER met such a disgrace to the profession.  I've never left a negative review for a doctor, this is a first and hopefully the last.  He was harsh and cold, and I left his office, got in car, and cried. I never went back, and will never forget that appointment.  	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
58	-1	 I was told I'd need to wait three months to see this physician,  Not quite sure why, quite marginal in my opinion.  Went to see Mary Kane down the street.  Great outcome.  	2	2	2	2	Insurance:AetnaPaid/Co-pay:N/A
58	-1	commentsI was very unhappy with my experience with Dr Nagel. I felt like I was an inconvenience to him as a patient. I was told that he is very good at what he does and that it takes about 2-3 months to get in to see him. After waiting to get into see him I was really disappointed. Although he was on time for the appointment, he spent all of 5 minutes with me and then we were done! No going over my concerns for why I was there, no listening to me, no reviewing my past history. The follow-up visit was no better. I was told that he has done all he can do for me and that was it! No referrel to another doctor, no offering of advice, just a flat &quot;I ran all the tests and you should be fine&quot;. I really felt like I was just being herded into his office then ushered out the door after another 5 minute &quot;exam&quot;. I had to find another doctor on my own and finally got a diagnosis for something that he should have been checking for in the first place. I would not recommend Dr. Nagel to others. 		2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
59	-1	commentsI called to make an appointment for my PCOS and was told by the nurse that I can not be seen without a referral. I was told since I had a hysterectomy I can not be seen unless I want a baby. I thought an endocrinologist is the one who manages PCOS regardless due to the other related symptoms such as high cholesterol and high risk of becoming diabetic. The nurse was also rude and condescending. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	commentsDr Naam is wonderful, caring, and very professional. You can be confident that he knows what he is doing. No better hand doctor around! My surgery went off without a hitch. 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	 Dr Naam did hand surgery on me back in march of 2007 and he was wonderful I would highly recomend him to anyone that is having hand problems we are VERY LUCKY TO HAVE HIM HERE IN CENTRAL ILLINOIS.He is also a very very kind man,and cares so much about his patients.   Thanks so much Dr. Naam.  -   Connie kessler 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
78	1	comments 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	.  She's very nice and very helpful, and explaines things that needs to be explained! 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$25
88	1	 polite, punctual and direct.  		5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
93	1	 Dr. Nagpal saved my son's life.  In 1996 my son had a deadly condition and was in Christ hospital for two months.  Many doctors looked at him but no one could figure out what this was.  My 2 year old little boy was hours away from dying and Dr. Nagpal figured out what the problem was. My son is now a beautiful healthy 17 year old senior in high school.  I thought his bedside manner was good but at that point it didn't matter anyway.  We just wanted someone to save our little boy and he did.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
93	-1	 Terrrible bedside manor.  Works with children, but scared mine to death, spoke down to him as if his medical problem was a fault of his.  I won't go back.  	3	2	2	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
95	1	 knowledge is deep, spends time to explain. Honest in his opinion 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:HumanaPaid/Co-pay:$40
99	1	 I have had a podiatrist since my teen-age years, so my basis of comparison is huge. Dr. Al is the very best I have ever had. He is fantastic in every way: knowledge, skills, kind and optimistic manner and patience.  Barbara Kessel 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:N/APaid/Co-pay:$40
99	1	commentsI used Dr. Nachowicz several years ago and he was the best. Sadly he moved out of my area or I would still be seeing him. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
99	1	 woulld recomend him to any one that needed foot care. a one of a kind drs. very helpful.  tries what will work for, 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:MedicarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
99	1	commentsHe was verry helpful when called upon about a issue that we had with our feet! 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
