dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	He is awesome! Staff is great, very caring and very helpful. All around best experience with Dr/Dr office myself and my wife have ever experienced.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
2	1	 	5	4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	Dr. San Juan has such a great bedside manner. He's compassionate , understanding, very knowledgeable and gives you great advice and direction. Previously I was seeing a obgyn for 10 years. But after having Dr. San Juan care for me.... I never looked back. He took the time to answer my 15 questions and never made me feel rushed. I love his professionalism and I would follow him no matter where he moved. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	Dr. San Juan was my gynecologist several years ago, until I had to switch for insurance reasons.  After having a poor experience with a different gyne, (and yet another insurance switch) I went back to him.  I travel nearly 20 miles to do so, but it is worth it to me!  He is compassionate, caring, and a great listener.  He is also motivational and willing to help in any way he can. 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
4	-1	.  	 10/21/11	1	1	1	Insurance:Medicare
4	-1	Peter Sadkhin is about to enter Federal Jail for $5 million Medicare Fraud. In addition to being a crook, Sadkhin is also a fraudster &amp; a liar. He earned a 2-week Nutritionist degree from a defunk Southern AK 'college' &amp; calls himself &quot;Dr.&quot;. He was only licenced to do acupuncture. Patients who got any other procedures from Sadkhin, can join in lawsuit to get refunds from the fake. State of Illinois is filing charges for endangering public health for claiming therapy that was billed but never performed. Crook submitted over $5 million of invoices to Medicare &amp; private insurers for fake procedures. Sadkhin got caught &amp; his plea agreement documents the whole scheme in detail. Feds are still looking for stolen money that Sadkhin hid. He owes over $1.1 million restitution + fines. Report Sadkhin &amp; other Medicare crooks at 1-800-633-4227. &quot;Dr. &quot;Peter Sadkhin relocated his 'practice' to jail where he will wash floors &amp; clean toilet bowls for the next 5 years! No parole, no early release! 	 12/18/10	1	1	1	Insurance:Medicare
4	1	Best doctor ever! So caring, he helped me along every step of my therapy, this is the best doctor u could ever get!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	He is the most caring doctor I have ever used. He spends as much time as you need to get your questions answered and he is always friendly and professional. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	great doctor 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	. Very Professional, Awesome, intelligent! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	1	sincere, cooperative, pleasant, CARING 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	We Love Dr Samuel! He really cares about our children and he always goes the extra mile.  Our family could not be more satisfied with our choice in pediatricians and we are so thankful that we found him! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	I was a patient of Dr. Sam and now my children are.  He and his staff are great. Dr Sam always gives my children the best attention you could ask for.  He is always willing to take the time explain an issues you may have.  When my son was hospitalized shortly after he was born Dr. Sam called the emergency room and stopped in regulary insureing my son was receiving the best in medical attention.  I can not say enough about him. You will be completly satisfied with him as your childs doctor.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	Dr. Sam is the perfect doctor for kids.  He's funny, patient, understanding, and really cares.  He's also &quot;teaches&quot; the parents of the do's and dont's of caring for a child.  Two thumbs up for Dr. Sam.  	3	5	4	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
7	1	Great staff, and great doctor.  Could not ask for more. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	Just a fabulous physician. Could not ask for more! 		5	3	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	-1	She did a circumcision to my son. she did such a terrible job first time that we have to go back for 2nd time operation. Even after the 2nd operation, my son's penis is still not what it is supposed to be after an circumcision. she cannot even complete such a small/simple surgery. Stay away from this doctor!!! I wish my son had never seen her. 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	Exteremely helpful, patient and thorough.  I have unfortunately seen a lot of doctors and Dr Samuels is one of the best I have seen.  He listens, takes time to be sure you are heard and never makes you feel rushed.  He gathers tons of info from you and seems to consider it all when talking about a treatment plan. He is awesome with making sure he calls back and is also wonderful when he calls back, he listens and is great at explaining things and making sure you are able to tell him what you feel you need to, not hurry you off the phone or out of the office.  I am quite impressed with him.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	1	Very caring and knowledgeable.  Very patient and thorough when explaining procedures and when answering questions.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	-1	This is the worst doctor I have ever seen.  His manner was arrogant, he would not listen, declared he did not believe in Cytomel and most other throid medications.  He said he would never issue throid labs other than the TSH.  I brought a throid panel showing many things wrong but the TSH was barely in range, said he could do nothing for me and walked out of the room.  I indicated I would be willing to try other treatments, labs, medications, etc even asked for next step suggestions and he repeated there was nothing he would do. He was unprofessional and presented very narrow thinking for his field.  It is my opinion that anyone trying to treat adrenal or thyroid issues that require a dr who will be engaged, solution-oriented and open minded about medicine would be making a big mistake seeing this person.  After leaving his office (total time 5-10 minutes) I was floored to not only be treated personally like this, but also medically.  I 100% stand by my rating. Do not recommend at all.  	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	1	Dr. Said is a wonderful doctor. He uses the newer and best way to treat you. He called me at home personally to straighten out concerns that I had from his colleague that was on call after my thyroid surgery. He is very prompt and helpful answering any questions. He called me personally to tell me the results of my first thyroid scan after my treatment. He stays on top of monitoring my meds and lets you know you can always call him with any question. I would highly recommend him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	-1	I have seen him one time for throid problems and I havent gotten anywhere with him! He seen me and then told me to come back in three mths to have some testing done again! I have already had several of the same test done that showed what i had and what was wrong and he hasnt done a thing for me! I am now at the point where i lose weight and gain weight and cant sleep! I am hoping when i see him again he will help me or i will find another dr.  	3	5	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
11	-1	Makes assumptions of patients before getting to know them (told me I must be forgetting to take my medicine daily).  Prima donna who was unwilling to work with another doctor in my home area to schedule a cancer scan but instead wanted me to drive over an hour for a five minute appointment in which I'd get a shot for two consecutive days and on the third day drive down just to swallow a radioactive iodine pill when it could have been done locally for meat the cancer center if he'd only coordinate with them.  	1	4	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	-1	In a hurry, abrupt, not friendly and did not bother to look at my scans or x-rays.  I would not recommend him.  	4	1	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	1	Dr Salamen took care of a very difficult to diagnose problem after years of other doctors trying.  I am forever thankful. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	0	This doctor was highly reccomended to me by a friend. I was dissapointed. His office staff seems untrained and not very professional. He is sometimes moody. There is a communication problem with him. He seems to not believe you when you tell him something about your child and does not remember anything about conversations you had with him previously. He seems to be on top the childs vaccination schedule and is sometimes very kind to the child. But overall, I was disappointed. 	2	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
14	-1	ABSOLUTELY HORRIBLE DOCTOR.  Cold bedside manner.  Does not take patient's wants or needs into consideration.  Overly medicates.  Runs pointless tests.  Disregards patient's pain or other symptomatic complaints.  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	-1	 	3	1	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
16	0	She was very available to me when I needed her. She did not listen to me initially when pressed she did. Sadly She gave the wrong diagnosis. 		5	4	2 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	Best doctor ever!  Love the hospital also. The doctor is very smart, and soft spoken. He is the doctor I trust with my pulmonary care. I am a patient with cancer, lupus and history of pulmonary embolism. So I know what doctors are good at their jobs! Trust me, if your looking for a pulmonologist, he is awesome! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	The doctor is nice and seems to know his stuff, but good luck getting someone to call you back from this office.  	2	3	4	4 	Insurance:Aetna
18	0	Out of 4 appts, I waited 1/2 hour the first time, then over and hour the next 2 appts.  I called before my 4th appt and was told there was no wait.  I got there 20 minutes later only to find people complaining about the hour long wait.  I canceled and left. Looking for a new Dr.  	2	1	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	1	. Wonderful doctor and fantastic staff of very caring people! Recommend highly 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	Dr Safvi and his staff were kind, considerate and helpful. They helped me improve the look and feel of my legs. I am very happy. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	-1	.  	1	3	1	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
20	-1	DR. P SALES PERFORMED SURGERY ON MY MOTHER ON 0409-10,,A HERNIA IN HER STOMACH,SHE CAME OUT OF SURGERY COMATOSE AND ON A VENTILATOR.SHE LAER DIED.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
21	1	simply excellent medical care! dr. salaman is the epitome of an emergency room physician. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	Very caring and attentive. Made me feel at ease and comfortable.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	0	dr. salaman saved my husband's life when he had a heart attack. she even went above and beyond the ER and visited him to check on hist status during his stay in the icu. i cannot thank dr. salaman enough. 	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	He has  great bedside manner, he knows what he is doing, take his time in explaining the diagnosis and the treatment, he really cares about his patients, i  highly recommend him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	-1	 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	Dr Salem is the best. He cares more about his patients than most.  He tkes the time to explain everything.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	my family and i became patients of Dr Salems 12 years ago when we moved to the area and his practice was still new. the whole staff in his office is just an amazing group of people! most kids HATE going to the dr, and though mine dont go very often, they really like dr salem and aren't afraid to go. dr salem's PA Mike, was a great addition to an already amazing staff. they make you very comfortable and at ease and ALWAYS take the time to explain things to you. as a severe insulin dependant diabetic, i spend more time in his office than most do, and trust dr salem completely with my health.  i would refer him to anyone in a heart beat!                                             Amber Jeralds 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
23	1	Dr Salem, his PA Mike and all his staff are just the most wonderful people I've ever known. A conscious effort is made to be on time. Everyone seems genuinely concerned about the patient.  These people actually CARE and it's a nice, comfortable feeling knowing that this Dr, PA and staff take the time to listen and help the patient 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
24	1	. Very knowledeable,  excellent manner, helpfull, understanding and communicates very well 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
25	1	Outstanding physician, best doctor I have had 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	I have had Dr. Saleh as my Dr. since college at his Evanston office.  Now that I'm pregnant and have moved to the NW suburbs, I make the trek to his Glenview office, even though it is still far away from me just because he is so great!  He is helpful, knowledgeable and just seems like an overall good person.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	1	I can honestly say Dr. Saleh is like no other OBGYN I have seen--and I have seen a lot because I live really far from his office and am always trying to find a closer doc for my regular exams. I have had a few gyno issues (one suspected, two confirmed) over the years and I am always disappointed by the attention and knowledge other doctors seem to have about them. In these cases, I have made the long trip to Dr. Saleh's office. He takes the problem seriously, explores options other doctors never mentioned, and spends more than five minutes talking to me. As another patient mentioned, for all his serious knowledge, he has a dry sense of humor - again, not the experience I've had at any other office, but I know where I'll always go when I need more than a routine exam.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	1	I switched to Dr. Saleh when I was 6 months pregnant. He was so helpful and so informative. He gave us more time in that one appointment than the other doctor had given for the past 6 months! He is very calming and assuring and was great during labor (giving good tips throughout). His whole staff is really down to Earth and approachable, especially Maggie! I love that they themselves have children (he and Maggie have 4 each). He's a straight-talker and has a funny dry wit that my husband loves.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	1	Dr. Saleh goes above and beyond the call of duty often performing procedures on site to help avoid inconvenience and alleviating anxiety.  His knowledge far surpasses that of most ob/gyn doctors around the country and he genuinely cares for each and every one of his patients.  I have been a patient since he began practice and have, and will continue to, highly recommend him to anyone who asks.  He was instrumental in the birth of both of my children both with unique complications.  His calm and positive demeaner is greatly appreciated.  He is a great doctor and a great person.  His office staff is the greatest I have ever encountered.  Personable, unassuming, friendly and all other adjectives that could describe oustanding.   Simply the best! 	 12/11/08	5	4	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	1	This Dr. listened to all my questions and responded to all of them.  I was always responded to quickly.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	-1	HORRIBLE DOCTOR HE DIDNT LISTEN AND DIDNT CARE WHAT I SAID! ALSO THE STAFF IS VERY IGNORANT AND RUDE DIDNT ANSWER ANY OF MY QUESTIONS AND NEVER SMILED ALWAYS HAD A BAD FACE WHEN I WAS TALKING TO THEM. LIKE I WAS WASTING THERE TIME. WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS DOCTOR FOR ANYTHING.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	1	After 3 other orthopedics could recommend only spinal fusion, Dr. Salehi said the benign cyst on my spine (never mentioned by other doctors), the source of the pain, could be removed in a 1.5 hr outpatient surgery. I had no need of spinal fusion. His honesty and intent to treat the actual problem were incredible. The time he spent time with me and his reputation as a gifted surgeon allowed me to recognize how fortunate I was to have been referred to him. My year of pain ended with that surgery; I'm forever grateful.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
27	-1	This doctor did not listen to a word I was telling him and did not return my calls.  		2	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	-1	At first appearance friendly and helpful but as consultation progressed became agitated when questioned about certain protocols used. Lacks tact and talks down to people.  	3	5	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	-1	Difficult to deal with, condescending when questioned regarding recommendations. Explanation of recommendations lacking.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
29	1	she was very knowledgeble in her field and was very nice 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	Dr. Sales was incredible in helping my father-in-law diagnose and explain thoroughly his condition and alternatives given the situation.  He was very knowledgeable, articulate and caring.  You could not find a better doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	1	Great! Wonderful bedside manners. Felt at ease. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	Best doctor I have ever come across.  She makes me feel comfortable to ask anything, never makes feel inadequate in parenting.  Very supportive.  Makes my twins feel at ease & is very patient with them if they are not.  She is proactive in treatment & provides referrals to the best doctor's around, while making sure that they fall into your insurance coverage.  The entire practice of doctors & nurses are fantastic, but Dr Salituro shines even further with her kindness & knowledge!  She is not quite to fill your child up with medications, but does not expect a child to suffer through something either.  Would recommend her completely!  We've been going to that practice for almost 6 years now.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	1	Doctor was great with my girls. I liked the way she explained everything before performing any procedure. Would definately recommend this practice.  Nursing staff are great too! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	1	Dr. Salituro is so great with my kids. She really makes them feel comfortable. I would recommend her to anyone.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	I absolutly LOVE Dr. Julie!!  She is so knowledgeable and friendly.  She not only knows how you feel physically but emotionally too and goes above and beyond to do whatever she can to make you as good as new.  I unfortunatly had to move away but having just gotten in a car accident I wish I could fly her down to work on me.  I doubt I will ever trust another chiropractor to work on me as much as I do her.  She will not pressure you to do a therapy you are uncomfortable with which is something that a lot of doctors do.  All in all, if you only have one chiropractor your whole life, make it Dr. Julie.  You won't regret it. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	Professional, knowledgeable, thorough, patient, and kind - overall excellent doctor.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	1	. attentive listener, thorough, professional 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
35	1	I trust her judgement.  She explains my condition and her approach to my problem.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	-1	I have never met a Dr. that doesn't value my opinion till now. I know when I have a sinus infection and need an antibitoic.  I have dealt with this issue annually for years and years.  My other Dr. moved and I was PLACED with her. She refused to give me an antibitoic.  I suffered with sinus headaches and a slight fever for a few more days when I finally was able to have another Dr. treat me. And guess what&#63; A round of antibitoics and everything was great again.  I knew what I needed but she didn't care.  She doesn't seem to value your own assessment of yourself.  I also alled her telling her I was having heaviness in my chest and wanted to see a cardiologist just to be sure, as heart issues run in family.  Even though I have just seen her two weeks before, she wanted me to come in again before she would call and make the initial appointment.  Insurance requires the primary to make the first appointment. Seemed to me like a $ thing. I don't want that kind of Dr. maybe you will. 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	Very friendly and caring. Staff is a little slow, but not bad. Feel sorry that most of her patients are ignorant. The waiting room was tough to withstand. People need to let her do her job.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	-1	If you consider stretching a great cure for genetic disorders and find that testing to rule out more serious issues is a waste of time then this is the Dr for you.If you don't consider it a waste of time to talk to a Dr that refuses to listen to your knowledge about yourself and your diagnosis this is the perfect Dr for you. Sad to say, she was a waste of my time! 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Coventry
36	0	Very long waits each visit. The doctor is personable, but he wouldn't be my top choice for surgery.  	3	1	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	1	Dr. Saks performed eyelid surgery on me about 6 years ago. (one eyelid drooped about halfway down over the eye)I am (& have been) completely satisfied with the outcome. I feel fortunate in having chosen him. Wisconsin resident 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
36	-1	Dr. Saks performs reconstructive and plastic surgery of the eyes. My surgery involved pullng up my lower eyelids to cover more of my eyeball surface because of a medical condition that caused gradual bulging. I wish I had more fully researched the results he obtains and whether or not his patients were happy with them before I scheduled my eye surgery. I have more noticeable scarring than I expected and I do not feel that &quot;suturing&quot;, especially on the face, is his forte. The outer corner of my eyelids does not appear to be totally sutured together on one of my eyes (looks like it needed at least one more stitch to totally join the lids and close the gap in the corner) and this has left an irritation on my eyeball when it moves up and down and a &quot;stye&quot; like appearance on the bottom lid in the corner. I will not return to him (I will research and find a new doctor) nor can I in good conscience recommend him to anyone else.  	2	1	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
37	1	Dr. Sam is a great doctor. He cares about his patients and will follow up. He is complete and approachable. Dr. Sam treats the entire patient. His genuine concern makes you leave his office with a positive attitude and a better knowledge of your health. Thank you Dr. Sam.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
37	1	He was so nice to my children upon their visit, the office staff and personel are so caring and loving, my children even gave them a hug upon leaving.  Dr. Sam was professional and gave us ample time to state any questions or concerns and made sure even I as the parent is doing okay.  Thank you and we'll see you next year!! 	5	4	5	3 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	I wish every doctor could be as caring and professional as Dr. Salzman.  On a scale from 1-10.  I would rate him as 10 +++ 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	1	Dr. Salzman is an excellent doctor.. detailed and caring in his work. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	one of the most caring and patient Drs I have ever dealt with, will call to see how you are doing after treatment. will see you on very short notice if you are sick 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
39	1	My family and I have been patients of his for several years. He really cares for his patients and is very knowledgeable and always helpful. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
39	-1	You are in and out of his office in 5 minutes. He takes no time with you and does not listen. He is very quick to pone you off onto some other doctor. He is a pill pusher too. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	. Doctor is perfect, his staff is very bad, rude and not polite! 	1	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
40	1	During my visit I felt that I was treated very well.I would absolutely recommend this doctor to my family and friends.  I felt this visit was a big help.Overall I would rate this visit : outstanding! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	I like Dr. Sadofsky very much.  I feel that he was helpful and explained everything fully.  The staff were very helpful when picking out my new glasses.  I could tell that they really enjoyed helping people find frames that look good and feel comfortable.  They also did their best to get me the best option for the least expense.  I would recommend this doctor highly (and have).  	5	4	5	4 	Insurance:Lumenos
41	-1	When I called to make the appt. I was asked about my medical insurance.  When I got to the office I was asked for my insurance card and then I filled out necessary paperwork.  I was shown into the exam room and then the doctor came in and said he didn't take my insurance.  WHY would I be asked the question numerous times only to be told by the doctor that he didn't accept it&#63;  It was pouring rain and my only choices were to pay him his office visit fee or go home and start over to find a more reputable doctor.  I felt very ripped off and that it was done intentionally just to get me there and left with limited options.  There is no excuse for not having told me on the phone before giving me an appt. that he didn't accept my insurance.  If they weren't sure they should have put me on hold and checked ahead of time.  It is not the money...it is the matter of professional ethics and courtesy. 	1	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	The staff does not even acknowledge that a patient has come into the office. I stood in front of the secretary and was not even glanced at. She was not on the phone at the time. When I asked any questions about my visit, I was given quick answers as if I were intruding on their time. Also, I was the only one there at the time. The staff could be more attentive and helpful. 	1	3	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
42	-1	Dr. Saigal and her staff are completely incompetitent!  Under NO circumstances should you enter her office unless you want to be treated like a pest. be spoken down to and get misdiagnosed  Becky who is the assistant is way OVER her head and quite honestly could benefit from some serious divorce couseling.  They have NO idea what they are doing.  Had 2 to call this office UMPTEEN times to get the lazy doctor to fax in an order for a very important procedure!  AND she told me she was on vacation and there were no PHONES or internet in South Dakota....what&#63;&#63;  I intend on taking my case as far as it can go as I feel this doctor is on the fringe of being not ethical!  Run do not walk to a doctor that will speak to you professionally, not HANG UP on you, give you the proper medication, and DO THEIR JOB!  Honestly....how does she get away with it&#63; 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	He is the best doctor. He is been my doctor for the last seven years and has been my mother's doctor for the last 14 years. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	Dr, Saed is the best. You have to wait a while in his office to see him, but it is worth it. He spent over an hour with me answering my questions. He also performed surgeries on me that were very successful!!!! 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	DR. SAED IS A GIFT FROM GOD! I HAVE BEEN GOING TO HIM FOR OVER 25 YEARS AND WOULDN'T EVEN THINK OF CHANGING DOCTORS. THERE IS SOMETHING VERY CALMING ABOUT HIM WHEN HE WALKS IN THE ROOM.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	1	He is the best, after seeing 4 docs he diagnosed me correctly and is not in a rush to get you out of his office. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	Dr. Saed is a great human being used by God. He's the best. 		4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	. Dr Sager is an outstanding Dr he has helped myhusband enormously mange his lupus 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	-1	I had an awful experience with Dr. Sager. He has a very smug attitude and talked down to me. Gave me two completely wrong diagnoses which resulted in many very expensive office visits. I would not recommend Dr. Sager to say the least.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	1	He is the best. Sometimes you have to wait a long time due to an emergency but when it's your turn, he spends all the time you need. Very skilled, great bedside manner.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	-1	He is the worst surgeon ever! He failed to inform me of all the possible complications prior to a sigmoid resection. Three months post-op, he told me to go see another surgeon and was unwilling to find a resolution to the complications I was suffering. Since that surgery 6 months ago, I have endured terrible diarrhea and constipation, as well as severe abdominal pain. Further research by my internest showed that irritable bowel syndrome is a known complication for many patients following this procedure and some never recover. This surgeon had a duty to inform me of this and, had I known this was a possibility, I would never had allowed him to perform the surgery. Both he and his nurse repeatedly said, &quot;you'll be fine, you'll be fine. &quot; Run for your life from this man! 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	1	I can not say enough......he and the Drs. at Rush saved my life........Thank you Dr. Sac.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	1	Dr Saclarides is the best. I had colon cancer and went through surgery and suffered for years until I met Dr Saclarides. Now I live a normal life not worried when I go out to dinner about pain and having to know where every bath is located. He gave me back my life. He really knows what he's doing. He's compasionate about his job. He makes you as a patient feel important and safe in his hands.  Thank you Dr Saclarides.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
45	1	A great and caring doctor. I had cancersurgery(stage 4 liver and colon) 4 years ago by him. He saved my live. He is avery busy man but always has time to explain and comfort you besides being the most advanced and knowledgable intestinal surgeon around the midwest.  AB 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
45	1	I have only seen Dr. Saclarides once so far for an unusual situation. But I cannot sing his praises loudly enough. Dr. Saclarides PERSONALLY called me at home to speak with me about his concern for treating my pain.  How often does that happen&#63; He has earned the highest rating in my book! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
46	1	This woman is wonderful. Complete in the exams. Does not reccomend anything you do not need. Explains every procedure and why you need it. You can ask any questions you want. Does the majority of work herself. Is personable as well. Her staff is helpful and friendly. She is always on time. I couldn't be happier with the professional care and treatment I receive. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
47	1	great doc.  highly recommended.  would see again if needed 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
47	-1	Office staff didn't return my phone calls. Doctor's care was ineffective--my condition worsened. After seeking another opinion, my condition has improved. Doctor and staff showed little concern for my care.  	2	2	2	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
47	-1	Neither Dr. Saffrin nor his administrative staff have demonstrated any compassion or concern for my well-being. Several phone calls were unreturned. Test results were not given.  Steer clear! 	1	2	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	0	Dr. Sabharwal herself was very helpful and  I felt as though she listened. Her NP was also very helpful and answered all of my questions and did find out what was wrong. However, as soon as you leave the office, you are no longer care d about as a patient. The office staff never calls you back. I have been trying to get in touch with APN for over a week now and have yet to talk with her. They took my insurance but someone put it in wrong of course so I wasn't being charged a co-pay even though I stated several times I should be. When I finally said look at the card I was told I was a &quot;smart girl&quot; for figuring that out. Overall, I am thoroughly unimpressed and will not be going back. 	1	1	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
48	-1	Bobby at the front desk is very cold.  Messed up labs a few years back and my meds were the wrong dose.  Runs a daycare out of her office as she stays in her office with her kids and their toys all over with door open as her assistant takes care of the patients.  Don't know who the office manager is as we have an issue with they turned in some labs for my daughter who hasn't been seen in the office for 3 years.  Insurance paid a portion but LabCorp wants us to pay the remaining.  It's not our labs.  Called the office manager about 5 times and they are always going to fix it but LabCorp says that they have never contacted them regarding the mistake.  My insurance needs to be credited and the proper person charged.  Wouldn't take my dog to her.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
48	-1	She is not a very compassionate or seemingly  caring doctor/person. I actually prefer seeing her NP.  	4	3	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	-1	Front desk staff person, Sybil, is extremely cold and efficient. Will not help you or do anything outside of her job description. Dr. Sabharwal is extremely business like and cold, too. Never made eye contact with me, simply stared at my chart and the computer screen. I felt like a number! I had originally asked about appointment scheduling before I became a patient--was told that late afternoons and evenings were available. Once I went through a new patient appointment (in early afternoon), I was never offered an appointment after 2:30pm--even though I begged for later times. At one time I came in with a medical problem; was told that because I was 2 minutes late, I would not be seen by the doctor. I then had to go to urgent care because of a urinary tract infection. Staff there never tried to help me with health issues; simply made appointments according to the computer. Horrible experience. I have changed doctors. 	1	5	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	DR. sabharwal is a very caring physician, as my primary Doctor, she has taken the time to listen to my complaints and taken action to help me. She has been very thorough in her exams and diagnosis. 		2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	FINE FAMILY PHYSICIAN.  KNOWLEGABLE 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	1	he is a good doctor and listened to my concerns, and now we are adressing them. i would recomend him to anyone looking for a primary physician.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
51	1	Dr. Saguil is extremely knowledgeable in all areas.  If you want Integtative Meddicine, he studied under Andrew Weil, and can tell you what to do to avoid harmful medications.  I dealt with sinus congestion for about 15 years.  After following his advice for 6 weeks, it has improved a lot.  I can breathe more easily and the puffy sinus congestion under my eyes is clearing up. No medicine was used.  It is so difficult to find an Integrative doctor who is also a physician.  He is the best doctor I have ever gone to. He does not advise tests unless he thinks they are necessary. He listened to me carefully and advised me what to do and not do to help me gain flexibility and strength and in general to become healthier.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
52	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
53	-1	Dr. Laura does not listen.  I had a reaction to perscription and she just said reaction was stress.  It took 3 weeks for her to believe me before she gave me a new perscription. Found an article on the Mayo website and she discounted the article sent me to a specialist only to find the article from Mayo was correct.  I need a doctor that listens and I can trust, not Dr. Laura.  I found a new doctor at Loyola! 	 6/5/09	5	2	1	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	 	5	5	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	. Well-organized, knowledgeable about natural remedies, gone to him for about 15 years, consider him my primary doctor, solves pain problems, not pushy 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
55	1	This physician is the best there is.  I live quite far sometimes over an hour drive but he is worth it!  The only reason puntuality is not a five is because he is so popular and concerned about his patients and takes the time necessary.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
55	1	Best pediatrician ever. The office is always quick to fit my children in on any given day if something is wrong. After taking my oldest daughter to the emergency room and the emergency room doctors decided to do a spinal tap on her thinking she had meningitis, Dr. Saleh came to the hospital took 1 look at her, did a quick exam and knew what ws wrong with her and had the proper tests done. That is how well he knows his patients. I love the fact that he knows my kids well enough to know by the look on their face or in their eyes or the fact that they are not as talkative or hyper that they are not feeling right. He answers all questions no matter how stupid or how many you have. He takes the time to explain anything that needs explaining. Also very quick to call back if you have him paged in the middle of the night. Even his office staff is knowledgable and very nice. Never any problems. I have nothing but great things to say about Dr. Saleh. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	One of the best doctors I've seen. Easy to talk to, very understanding and spends time explaining every aspect of the procedure (cardiac ablation). Good follow-up. Easy enough to contact(albeit, through his assistants). Would highly recommend him to friends & family.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
56	1	Dr Saleem  takes his time to explaine  everything to me . I really get the feeling he cares.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
57	1	A very knowledgeable doctor.Soft spoken.I really like her. 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
57	0	She is reasonable. Doesn't give any advice on her own. You need to ask anything or everything. Doesn not open up. Very dull. Answers your questions. Does not go extra mile to help you out.  	3	4	2	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
58	0	Decent doctor. Terrible terrible terrible staff. Do bother ever leaving them a message. THEY NEVER CALL BACK. Don't bother going to this doctors office.  	1	3	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
58	1	Dr. Salvi is always an attentive listener and is on time.  He has been our family doctor since 1995 and we are very please with his services.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
58	1	Outstanding, caring, listener.  He diagnosed me correctly and more importantly cared about me.  I love Dr. Salvi.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
58	1	very friendly and takes the time to talk with you and explain options.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
58	1	In Five visits he the best he did was be 15 minuites late.  Mostly it was 30 to 45 minuites late.  You ask him to check something and he forgets to do it.  This occured a number of times.  Seems to want to rush you through the appointment.  	5	1	3	4 	Insurance:Medicare
58	1	Great Doctor.  I recommend everyone looking for a Doctor to go to him because he actually cares.  He's very helpful and friendly.  He always seems to be in a good mood. Everyone I've talked to has nothing but good things to say about him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
58	1	Outstanding doctor.  Compassionate, knowledgeable, interested in me.  I've never had a doctor more caring.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	1	i love this man.he is the most compassionate.caring and kindest doctor i ever had.and he does a beautiful job on your teethh too.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
60	-1	This is the worse doctor ever please stay away from this fat doctor who doesn't know anything. I would recommed that you stay away from doctors like this. I can not belive that hospital hire people like this guy. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
60	-1	 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
60	-1	I was assigned this doctor at Alexian brother hospital. The doctor does not explain anything and only spends less than a minute with you but he charges over 2 hrs worth for every other visit. He will charge for urgent care for daily visits. All he cares about is his money. When I needed to talk to him because I was having trouble breathing he didn't respond for two days. His paging system is useless. Please stay away from this doctOr there are better doctors out there.He overcharges and so many fake charges. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
60	-1	not board certified study facility.  the staff is rude and lie, very unprofessional.  the doctor has no follow through.  the sleep studies were too short and the sleep technician was unqualified.  ive been to many many doctors over the years and hands down, this facility gave the worst treatment of all.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
60	-1	Very short visits in hospital, hardly enough time to ask questions. Office visit the same, billing reflects much more than can be explained by billing. Wouldn't return to this practice, would seek out another.  	2	3	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
60	1	. great care was provided I felt better in few hours on his treatment he is very nice and easy to talk to 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
60	-1	My father was sick in hospital foe more than 7 weeks, all doctors did good job except this doctor, he spent less than 3-5 minutes in room every single day and never spent time figuring out why my dad was on the vent that long, then other doctors asked for second opinion and in less that two weeks later he was discharged. He is a show off kind of think but never absolutely a compassionate caring one.  	2	1	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
60	0	His staff seems to be very less helpful. Dr him self is nothing but a show off. he won't let you finish explaining you own problems. :( 	1	2	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
60	-1	Dr. Sakka adminstered my husband for pulmonary edema because he works as a Chemist in a lab in Skokie, Il. My husband waited for 3 hours to see him and when he did, the Dr. only saw him for 3-5 minutes at best. My referring doctor told me to go back and he never showed up. I was billed for both appointments! Apparently, he does this often! I am outraged.  	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
60	1	. great physician , very compassionate, goog skills 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
60	0	My wife was admitted at a hospital in suburban Chicago due to an infection. Dr. Sakka saw her for a suspected problem in her lung. During his first visit he hardly spent 2 minutes and when my wife wanted to ask him few questions about her condition, he said he will be back in a minute and never showed up. My wife got furious and insisted that he sees her again. So the primary doctor asked him to visit again on the next day. After 2 months he submitted to claims to the insurance company which paid for BOTH of those. We paid for his second visit and told his office staff the reason for not paying the co-payment for the first claim. His staff agreed to waive the fee right away but was not even willing to listen to our complaint regarding his unprofessional behaviour. This is really pathetic!! They have not interest in providing a good service to the customer.  	1	1	1	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
61	-1	My adolescent saw this doctor for years; her practice has grown well, but revolving door for doctors and strange bedside manner, asking inappropriate questions. 	2	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
62	-1	Think twice before seeing this Doctor There are better ones out there.  	1	4	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	1	Wonderful doctor.  Very knowledgeable.  Listened to my entire problem, great bed-side manner, knows his stuff.  I would highly recommend Dr. Saltzman.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
63	1	. Great doctor, very knowledgable, not very talkative though 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
63	1	Very gentle and professional. Answers questions cheerfully.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	-1	This Dr. used to work for Allcare Dental (shady business practice).  He was telling me how I needed all these procedures and used scare tactics.  I went to another place, and they pretty much stated I didnt need all those procedures.  Sounds fishy.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Humana
64	1	Has a bit of a negative attitude and a very brusque manner - no sense of humor. Very busy practice where people are shuffled in and out rapidly. He appears to know what he is doing.  His assistant was very forceable and not sensative to pain. 	4	3	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	. nicest doctor ever, takes the time to listen to your needs, very soft spoken and understanding, my favorite doctor!! i would highly recommend going to her, and the staff is awesome at her office, and the other doctors in the practice are very good as well if she is not available 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
66	1	Took me in same day I called with an acute illness. Clean office, friendly staff, Dr on time, took time to listen and examine me, fixed my problem... EXCELLENT!! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	-1	Dr. Samuels was dismissive, rude and impatient and her careless attitude caused a misdiagnosis of a serious medical condition that I an now being treated for at University of Chicago hospital. I do NOT recommend this physician.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
67	1	Dr. Samuels is one of the most attentive doctors that I have ever seen.  She is knowledgeable, friendly, and helpful.  That said, her office staff is abrasive and disorganized.  If you can get past the office staff, you will not be disappointed with the level of care that you receive.  	1	2	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
67	-1	I was very disappointed with Dr. Samuels and would never recommend her to anyone! She never took the time to explain anything or answer my questions. I was also very disappointed with her staff.  	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
67	1	Dr. Samuels and her office personnel were very friendly and helpful. My wife, children and I have gone to her for almost two years. There sometimes is a wait because she does not rush people in and out. Her friendly manner is very reassuring. Give her and her practice a chance and you will be pleased.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	0	The receptionist is mean. It's like she doesn't get that people are hurt, sick, and scared when they go to the doctor's office. Dr. Samuels has on more than ocassion dismissed my concerns. I am not a hyphchondrac, but she treats me like one. I'm going to findd another doctor.  	1	3	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	-1	Awful, awful, awful! I waited 1.5 hours for my appointment. During my time of waiting I heard her yell at patients and her secretary on multiple occasions. I came in for a physical and they still charged me $30 even though it was supposed to be filed under preventative care and covered 100% under insurance. Do not go to her. She's condescending and not very thorough.  	5	1	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
68	1	Extremely caring and and always willing to listen to concerns and needs.  Takes the time, even with a very busy office.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
68	0	Will not accept no as an answer to tests or exams you refuse, even if you have no symptoms for that test or exam.  She will push the topic several times during the visit, and argue with you.  	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:CIGNA
68	1	I am in my 20's and have been going to Dr. Sadowski since I was a little girl. She is the best!! She is very knowledgeable and always makes me feel very comfortable. I have gone to her for an array of different matters and no matter what the case she always takes great care of me. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	Excellent C-section delivery.  She is very friendly.  We felt very secure having her deliver our baby.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	1	Excellent family doctor. Friendly, caring, takes time to talk with patients. Office staff very helpful.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	0	Even though Dr. Sadek is a PPO provider, he wants to collect the full office visit price at the time of service. After the claim is processed, he refuses to issue a refund for the PPO discount.  	 9/1/07	3	3	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
70	1	He was fabulous! I could not have better words for the quality of work that he does! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	He is new and wonderful! So grateful to him for helping me.  Nobody in the area takes medicaid but this man does, which is another plus! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
71	1	Dr. Sadowski is my favorite doctor!  I've been seeing her for 10 years and would not consider anyone else.  She has helped me through infertility and having a BRCA mutation, and genuinely cares about her patients.   The whole practice is fantastic, but she's my favorite! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
71	1	Been my obgyn for many, many years.   I think she is the best I have ever had.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
71	1	 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	He is an excellent doctor. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
73	-1	He was the worst dentist I ever been to. He took a long time to fix my teeth and I was in pain the whole time. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
73	-1	Dentist is great person and doctor but new staff need some training.....and knowledge about policies and cost of service.. 	1	2	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	Dr. Saeed was extremely kind and helpful. I have gone through many dentists in my life and I have never come across such care and sincere compassion as I have with Dr. Saeed. He took the time and effort to ensure that I understood all the procedures, the treatment schedules, and their prices before he performed anything. I would definitely recommend him to any other person that is looking for the a wonderful, quality dentist. He is also so great with children! I took my grandson to his office and he was given all types of stickers and toys for being so well behaved. My grandson even wants to return to the play area where they have toys to keep him occupied while I am in the patient's room.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:AARP
73	1	I felt that the doctor is overly conserned about the appearences. The doctors markmenship, in my opinion, is mediocre. I felt, that the chipped tooth right after his treatment (the same day) was caused by the procedure in the office. Seemed like I had to wait four days to fix the tooth too. 		3	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
74	1	treats with a lot of care and knowledge. the staff is very polite. the clinic is very good. makes sure everything is fine and gives much attention. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
75	1	Staff is very nice and waiting room is pleasant. Waited about 20 minutes. Dr Sabbagha spent a lot of time with me &amp; answered all my questions. I did not feel I was rushed. He has a great bedside manner &amp; is very knowledgeable.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
76	-1	.  	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
76	-1	I can't even tell you the number of appointments I've had with this woman since August 2011 but I'm yet to find anything that works for my medical condition. She is clueless, has to leave the room multiple times because she forgets something every time. You feel more like a medical record number than an actual person with feelings. She looks at her computer the whole time instead of looking at me. I would not recommend her to anyone. I'm in the process of switching doctors now after she just tried prescribing me a repeat medication that did not work the first time I tried it 3 months ago. Good luck to anyone who chooses her as a family physician. You'll be lucky to get 15 minutes with her at any appointment.  	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
77	0	Rude, provided no background on prescription side effects, offers uncalled for opinions on personal life which have no relevance on appointment.  	3	1	3	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	1	Dr. Saltzberg has been my doctor since 2000. My kidney transplant was in January 2001 and thanks to Dr. Saltzberg it is working just fine. His concern for my welfare has been constant in all these years.  And it is not just me.  Countless times, while waiting to see him, other patients in the waiting room have talked about what a great doctor and person he is. You are never rushed with Dr. Saltzberg.  After 10 years, he may still call you at 8pm to remind you that you forgot to go for your blood tests. He explains his plan of action for your care and encourages your input and questions. This is one doctor who doesn't care about awards. All he cares about is his patients.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
78	1	Low key, but concerned and thorough. He is gentle, patient, precise, and answers all questions. His office staff is courteous and willing to help. There are sometimes waits, but he does not rush when talking to the patient.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
79	-1	She took 18 x-rays &quot;because that's what the insurance company allows&quot; vs. what I actually needed.  She said I had 12 to 15 cavities, but a second opinion said I had none.  Refused to povide me copies of my dental records and x-rays.  Received one copy of my x-rays but they were too light to be used.  Refused to send electronic copies.  Said she would send another copy of x-rays but never did. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	Wonderful Doctor!!!! I am always able to schedule appointments within a few day and if I am sick, she always fits me in that day. She never rushes and communicates very well.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
80	1	excellent doctor very caring.My whole family goes to her. She sits down and explains everything to you in detail. We trust her opinion very much.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
81	1	Wonderful doctor, and nice guy. Great combination. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	My partner and I both go to Dr. Salasche.  We think she is wonderful.  I had complications with my c-section and she was right there with us through the entire healing process.  We would both highly recommend her.  	4	3	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
82	-1	Don't go to this doctor if you are trying to have a child and your case gets complicated.  A lot of tests such as HSG, FSH were not done before starting fertility treatments.  I would not ever recommend this doctor. 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	Doctor Salasche is wonderful.  Spends time to listen to you, doesn't judge, makes the procedure speedy, but not uncomfortable.  I only did not give it 4 stars for punctuality because I did have to wait about a half hour in the waiting room.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
82	1	Dr. Salasche is great.  I would highly recommend her.  I had a very difficult pregnancy and she saw me through all of it.  She was extremely helpful and I felt as though I was in great hands.  It was my first pregnancy and she was amazing.  (The entire practice is wonderful... ) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
83	1	I have to say that there is another review left by my Ex who was trying to discredit me and my associates. There is no validity to that negative review. Dr.Salina is caring, compassionate and goes the extra mile to make sure you get where you need to be. I can't imagine a therapist being any more competent and goal-oriented.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
83	0	Good doctor if you're female and politically-correct.  Like a femi-nazi. Doesn't follow through, sadly.  	2	5	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
84	1	 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	During my visit I felt that I was treated very well.I would absolutely recommend this doctor to my family and friends.  I felt this visit was a big help.Overall I would rate this visit : outstanding! 		5	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	. Dr Sales is very professional and helpful for sons care and the staff are very well organize and friendly! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
87	1	Dr. Sackett is the best psychiatrist around.  I would recommend him to any person with psychiatric problems.  He currently treats my depression, bipolar disorder, and anxiety.  He takes calls after hours and usually responds in less than fifteen minutes.  He has empathy and really awesome bedside manner.  Out of all of the doctors that I've had in my lifetime, this man is the BEST!  He really cares, and remembers all kinds of things about his patients.  He even remembers most of the medicines that I take when I call him after hours.  He always makes sure that you have enough prescriptions and refills, and is always willing to try different options if your current medicine isn't working.  He's seriously the best.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
88	1	Doctor's staff is negligent and useless. Took blood test, however staff misplaced the entire blood taken. had to retake mutiple tests. Irresponsible Staff is hopeless, typical wait times 1.5 to 2 hrs.  	1	1	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
88	1	I really like Dr. Sambare.  He always takes a lot of time to talk to me about what's going on with my body and goes over the test results very thoroughly with me.  He has been able to help me over the years with various problems.  I would highly suggest him.  He does have a practice with his wife.  I am not sure how she is since I have never seen her.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
89	0	I thought the initial office visit was fine, although she did no exam at that time. My 'procedure' experience was ok except at one point, it felt like she jabbed the scope and it made me say OUCH outloud! Hoping nothing was damaged in there! I think she could have been gentler and I have to agree that her bedside manner was definitely lacking. 	5	5	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
89	0	This was the worst experience I have ever had with a doctor.   She informed me I had colon cancer while either chewing gum or chewing on some chips.  She proceeded to push a surgeon at Elmhurst Hospital who WAS NOT a specialist.  She told my husband the doctor she recommended was top in his field. I researched and saw he was just a general surgeon. Even after I said that I was scheduled to meet with one of top colo-rectal surgeons in the country, she said &quot;You'll have a better experience at Elmhurst Hospital.&quot;    She also pushed for me to have all CT scans done at Elmhurst, after I said I was going to another hospital.  She repeated several times that I should just &quot;go get the scans done&quot;  &quot;you can have all reports sent to the other hospital&quot;.   Ugh.  Horrid bedside manner. 	4	4	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
89	-1	Went to see her for chronic, unexplained stomach pain.  She had a horrible bedside manner and seemed to dismiss all of my symptoms as IBS.  She did some blood tests and when she finally returned my call after 2 days of leaving messages for her, she was very short with me and gave me no other options or medications to try.  	2	2	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
90	1	. Very kind, knowledgeable about current research, highly recommended 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
91	-1	First off I waited a month to get in to see her.  Not to mention the waiting I did the day of the appointment.  I was well prepared.  I brought my medical history and all blood work paperwork. Not to mention I had written out my symptoms so I didn't waste time thinking about them. Before even going through it she asked if I had heard of a condition called PCOS. I have a couple friends with it.  But I know I do not share those symptoms. She didn't check for cysts, but was very convinced thats what I had. She also mentioned that I was probably doomed to be overweight for the rest of my life.  It was the worst appointment ever. Instead of taking the time to figure out the real problem, which ended up being progesterone related, she assumed it was something else totally wrong. I'll NEVER go back to see her again.  	4	2	1	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
91	1	Overall very nice but tough to get an appointment with 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
92	-1	this doctor has a very rapid way of speaking.  i find this a negative against her communication w/patients.  her accent is very strong for being in this country for the length of time she has been here.  i would not recommend her to any non-islamic person bcause of her culture and her rushed mannerisms.  as far as call back experiences, i would rate her a 2 as i felt i was inposing on her for asking her to help me.  also,  i felt her communication with me was not very explanatory.  overall, i give her a 2 bcause i really didn't like her and would not recommend her to a friend. 	3	4	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	Dr Sabah is one of the most knowledgeable and compassionate psychiatrists I've ever met.  I love her so much that, after relocating to MD, I still continued to see her for each month for the first few months after the move.  I highly recommend her, she is an outstanding doctor.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
92	1	I was in dire need of help for major depression &amp; anxiety in 2007.  Dr. Sabah knew exactally what I needed,was very reassuring and prescribed the correct medication telling me how soon it would take effect. Everything worked out as she said it would and soon I was completely back to normal.  There was never a time when I felt I needed her that she wasn't available for me.  I can't thank her enough.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
92	1	Very caring doctor.  She want to know the whole story not just a skim of it.  Suggests different approches on taking over a problem.  She utilized the time on each of my visits and I left every time with a new idea in my hands.  Her secretary Laura isn't so professional though.  If complications come along, changing appointment dates or emergency refills/appointments she emphasizes her challenges with an attitude.   She gets the task done but not politely.  All in all, Docter Saima Sabah is a helpful doctor for me, but don't get on her secretary Lauras, bad side or she might bite you.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
92	0	Horrible communication skills.  Never on time.  Doesn't return calls or pages.  Always seems way to busy to really listen.  She can be very condesending.  She really lacks compassion.  	1	1	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
92	1	Excellent Knowledge and Very Caring even if she seems to move fast. When it gets serious, she gets serious. Once I was in such a depreseive state, she moved from her chair, sat next to me, grabbed my hand, and said don't worry, i'm going to help you. She has completely gotten my sleept under control and helped me undertand that one day when my clock is reset I can be medication free. As far my Winter depression and SAD's which is horrible - I have overdosed 3 times on Heroin in the Winter to numb the feeling of sadness. The first time I was in Crtical care, my blood pressure dropped to 40/20, but somehow I pulled through. She adapts the points from the past and relates the present so you understand your feelings then and your feeling at the present time. I saw her after my third overdose and third Rehab, and have not touched anything since. Although, I was medicated, after a year, i was off everything and have been clean for nearly a year with zero help from medication. Sam 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
92	0	I was referred to Dr. Sabah after being admitted to 1 North at CDH. I have found that she has too many patients to really analyze an individual to truly understand their medical problem. I was diagnosed with depression/anxiety and was put on Zoloft and Ativan. I have had nothing but bad side effects, horrid thoughts, and feeling of dread. I've been to the emergency room 3 times since due to my mind and body causing a lot of discomfort and panic. Every doctor once they see that you are clinical depressed do not take you seriously. The one point in particular that really disappointed me was when I had a violent urge to hurt someone and I immediately called my social worker who instructed me to call Dr. Sabah. Dr. Sabah's response to my terrifying situation was that I was not thinking positively and there was nothing wrong with me that I wasn't conjuring up in my head. It's never the medications fault although it chemically has changed my brain. She did not take me seriously.  		5	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
93	-1	I went to this doctor recently and I must say that this is one of the most disrespectful clinics I have been to. Not only was the clinic dirty and broken down looking, the staff was rude, inconsiderate and arrogant. They had me waiting around for at least 40 minutes in the waiting and I noticed the receptionists making snide reactions towards me for no reason. It gets worse, when I met the doctor, he said that he could not really help me in terms of my rhinoplasty desires, as he blatantly said that he was not experienced in ethnic noses and he did not wish to continue the consultation. Overall it was a very bad experience. I left feeling belittled and insulted, and I overheard the head receptionist at the front desk named Peggy making rude comments towards ethnic people as well. I guess I made a mistake in coming to this clinic as it had no bedside manner or concern for many people. PLEASE PEOPLE, STAY AWAY FROM HERE. It's located in a rough part of Chicago (Oak Lawn) as well.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
94	-1	I went to this doctor for birth control, and requested the depo provera shot. I wasn't told by her that because of my history of depression and anxiety depo was not recommended for use. She told me the side effects were 3-5 pound weight gain in 3 months. Dr. Pooja Saigal was wrong! I am still experiencing horrendous side effects. She would not believe my symptoms were caused by the shot. She knew nothing of side effects or how long the drug is in your body- up to two years, not three months. Beware of this uneducated doctor in the field of birth control. She acts like she knows everything when in fact she doesn't. I don't trust her and was offended when she was cold and calculated in her &quot;solution&quot;, find a new doctor to complain to. I now suffer from debilitating effects that have made living life impossible. I would do anything to get my period back and not be fatigued, constipated, weak, pained in my joints, etc. I hope she doesn't misinform anyone else. Obviously she is clueless.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
95	-1	Dr San German is a nice person, and he does sometimes (if he is not too busy) takes the time to listen to you. However, my husband and I have had 4 or 5 incidents now in the past few years, where Dr San German could not tell us what was wrong. We wound up having to call specialists on our own in order to diagnose our problems. One time, San German ordered an ultrasound and said they would call back with the results in a few days. It took 3 weeks and multiple phone calls to San German's office, before we finally received the diagnosis. He told my husband to do nothing and come back in 6 months. We immediately called a specialist who took care of the issue right away. Dr San German has laughed at us several times upon hearing of our complaints, as if to say we were imagining our ailments. Two of these issues turned out to be very serious situations.  Good thing we were pro-active and called the specialists ourselves!! 	1	3	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
95	1	Dr. SanGerman has been very proactive in getting to the root of our many different health problems. He accually takes the time to listen to the questions you may have about your illnesses and fears that come with it.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
95	1	Dr San German is personable, easy to talk to and is the first doctor I have had, that truly seems interested in his patients. My appointments are usually at the end of the day. He is often running behind by that time, but I don't mind, because I know that the reason is because he takes his time with you and does not rush you through just to stay on schedule! 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
95	1	I have been going to him for years.  Always very thorough and follows up on health needs.  Also referred me to specialists when it was appropriate.  Great Family Practice doctor.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
95	0	I felt he was a very good doctor as far as knowledge goes. He really knows his stuff and takes lots of time with you. His nurse was very nice. The office/billing staff is terrible --so bad that I do not recommend this office. When I attempted to explain that my company has a contract agreement that there is no upfront copay, she verbally berated me, told me to pay up, despite attempts to explain. I even offered to have her speak to my insurance company. I asked for an apology and never got it, so I stopped going there. This is a classic case of where the doctor is good, but they need to have much better control of how their office staff treats their customers. 	1	4	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
95	-1	This doctor did nothing but berate and browbeat any suggestion that therapies other than his recommendations exist. I would not allow my pet to see this &quot;doctor&quot;. 		3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
96	-1	does not return repeated calls, not responsive to other health care providers.  	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
96	-1	Extremely disappointed. As said below, no bedside manners. Not concerned with speaking with the family. We were waiting to talk to her for over 3 hours, and then the nurse told us &quot;she went out the back door, she will actually NOT be speaking to you this evening.&quot; She spoke to my father for exactly 4 minutes without knowing him and little prior knowledge of the situation and just ordered for him to stay admitted. Which is why i think its definitely for the pay out. She was paged and never returned a phone call. The worst part is my father was not given the option of a doctor either. So sad. Please shy away from this doctor. 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
96	1	Dr. Saiyed was extremely respectful and helpful for my daughter. I am very thankful for all her help and am very pleased with how everything was handled. 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
96	-1	Needs better bedside manners; is more interested in payoff rather than the patients themselves.  	4	3	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
97	1	very helpful dentist and staff. I was hesitant after reading a review here about a problem with a bridge. The Doctor assured that all work they do is covered under 1 year replacement warranty. I got a crown here and I dont't think it will need the warranty. Its looks so real. love it and love the dr. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
97	-1	i went there to get a bridge done and the doctor took very long to make it. When i got my bridge at the moment it was fine but later in the week the bridge got loose. I went back and he told me theres nothing he could do. How is that&#63; He should know what he did and garantee it.  	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Humana
98	1	The Doctor was great! He was really interested in curing my problem rather than just treating my symptoms. His office was very nice and clean, his staff was fabulous, and I had no trouble getting an appointment. His personality was a little gruff, but he was very honest, skillful, and took great care of me.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
