dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
7	-1	 The procedure I came for was unsuccessful. Dr. Gallagher was not able to do the job. I left the office in pain and very dissapointed. To my surprise a few days later I received a bill for the full amount of the proceedure. WHen I tried to dispute at least the OOP portion of the bill I was not successful, in addition the office added a finance fee for a 30 day delay in payment. To summarise - very unprofessional, do not want to take responsibility for their mistakes, and greedy. I would not recomment the office nor the DR.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:AnthemPaid/Co-pay:$1200
7	1	 Dr. Gallagher is awesome I have been through multiple miscarriages, one pregnancy &amp; delivery (in labor 24 hrs) &amp; am now dealing with a large cyst on my ovary. The whole staff has been attentive, informative &amp; honest with every hurtle. I have surgery with her this next week to remove the cyst &amp; it is comforting to know she will be the one removing it.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
7	1	 Dr.  Gallagher is a GREAT doctor! Always is very informative and spends time explaining things! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
7	1	commentsGreat doctor! Dr. Gallagher was my first gynecologist and for as long as I am able to I plan to stick with her. She's very good at explaining things and making that first appointment so much more comfortable. I also felt that the staff was very thoughtful and helpful when it came to answering questions. HIGHLY HIGHLY recommended! 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	 Dr Gallagher was one of the best doctor that i have senn in my life.you will never feel like you are talking to a doctor .  She is just like your family 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	 Dr. Gallagher monitored my first pregnancy, and my son was delivered by Dr. Lund. Loved the practice! Absolutely nothing bad to say about them. I since had to move out of state and am pregnant with my second one. The Indy practice set a high bar and I wish I could find anything comparable to them here.  I am even considering flying back for appointments:) 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	 I too had a not-so-great experience with Dr. Soper--I learned about my miscarriage during a visit with her and she was cold (following appts proved her to be difficult to talk with, very opnionated). Dr. Gallagher performed my d&c; because Dr. Soper was on vacation and I was so pleased with her warmth and tenderness on such a difficult day. I am seeing Dr. G for this pregnancy and so far she has been wonderful--truly interested in what I have to say, never rushed, and just so easy to talk with.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	 I have gone to several gynecologists in the past. When I moved to Indianapolis, and mentioned to a friend that I was contemplating getting the Gardasil shots, and was way overdue for my annual and didn't have a doctor here; she recommended Dr. Gallagher, saying she and several of her friends were really happy with the care they received. When I called Dr. Gallagher's office, the staff were very nice and suggested that I ask about the Gardasil at the same time as my annual (which meant that, under my high-deductible plan, I didn't have to pay for a separate office visit just to get a consultation about the Gardasil). Dr. Gallagher was very easy to talk to about my concerns, and I ended up going back for the three Gardasil shots, and the nurse that gave them was very good at administering shots (usually, I pass out from the pain, but not these times). The entire office staff is friendly, professional, and efficient.  If you are looking for a gynecologist, definitely try to get her! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
7	1	 Dr. Gallagher is a great doctor. Her office staff is very friendly and she was the first gyno i visited. She tried to make the experience as comfortable as possible. The only bad thing about her office is that it's in a terrible area; bad traffic all the time, confusing building setup too, so give yourself extra time to get there.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
7	1	 Karen has been awesome to my wife and I from regular exams, fertility references, and the birth of our child.  Avoid Dr Sopher though; she is an old know it all who rushed to do c-section to get on with her day.  She was aloof, condescending, made my wife suffer, and unapologetic.   If you go into labor without Karen, Refuse Mary and take the on-call staff at the hospital instead! 	5	3	5	5	Insurance:AnthemPaid/Co-pay:$30
7	1	commentsDuring my visit I felt that I was treated very well.I would absolutely recommend this doctor to my family and friends.  I felt this visit was an amazing success!Overall I would rate this visit : outstanding! 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	commentsDr. Gabovitch sets the standard 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	 Seen Dr Galen for the first time, she was a pleasure to speak to. Also seemed like she knows what she is doing.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
19	1	commentsDr. Galen and all of her staff except the nurse Jennifer are great. Jennifer has a problem, she thinks she is a doctor.  Very easy to catch her in lies. Says Dr. Is not in when she really is.  She is a total B!+€# 	3	5	2	5	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	 Dr. Galen and her office are very prompt and Dr. Galen is very easy to talk to and has been very thorough with her advice.  I am very happy with the practice.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Tricare
19	1	 Dr. Galen is a great doctor and a real pleasure. She listens well to my concerns and does appropriate tests to diagnose problems. I am also usually able to get in to see her pretty easily.  I would highly recommend her! 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$25
19	1	 Have been seeing her for a year and shes very nice and works me in. her staff however is a mixed bag. Brenda Hooper is great but there is one at her front desk who looks to be on some sort of tranquilizer and isnt invested in taking care of people at all.  I  have a traveling job and am not home every 30 days like clockwork.  I have repeatedly requested 60 day scripts and repeatedly been told ok great fine! but when I go to pick up the script again it is written for 30 days if it is ready at all. very frustrating when you are in a hurry.  	2	5	4	3	Insurance:AnthemPaid/Co-pay:$10
19	1	commentsI'm a new patient i think she is very professional,and gets right down to the problem.Office staff and R.N are very good too. Don't have to wait very long either.I'm glad i switch Doctors. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
19	0	commentsA good doctor to go to if you already know what is the matter with you, and have a medication in mind. Not a malicious woman, but seems content writing a prescription for whatever drug is currently at the top of the pharm industries que. If you could be prescribed medicine x, y, or z, and medicine z (the manufacturers cash-cow) is currently in court because its patent is about to expire, you'll probably get z...even if its not FDA approved for that particular use, and requires more than checking your blood-pressure to prescribe. 	5	4	2	3	Insurance:Unknown
19	0	 Although she is nice and easy to talk to she isn't someone to go to with a serious problem or condition.  My first appointment (regarding chronic pain) with her lasted 5 minutes.  She did no exam, test, or treatment...simply told me to go to a specialist that was semi-retired and does not do surgery which then refered me back to her after he found &quot;nothing wrong with me&quot;.  I've also had problems getting medications, that she prescribed to me, approved for refills because there was no record of them in my file.  My mother also goes to Dr. Galen and is constantly being bounced around between specialist because she hasn't been given a diagnosis.  My mother likes her because she is nice but also agrees that knowledge is lacking.  	4	4	3	2	Insurance:United Healthcare
19	1	 She has been my doctor since I moved here seven years ago.  If you are having problems and she doesn't have the answer she is very good at running test and not playing the waiting game.  I'd recommend her to anyone - it's wonderful to have a doctor who doesn't just throw out a diagnosis but will inquire further into your conditions and not blow your symptoms off.  	5	5	5	4	Insurance:Anthem
19	1	 She was my mothers doctor and she loved her I think she is good, but still pretty young she will get better.  	5	5	4	4	Insurance:Aetna
19	-1	commentsShe is ok if you have a cold.Had back problems and she sent me to a ortho Dr.that don't do surgeries and doesn't know jack about the spine.While seeing that Dr.I was in the ER 3 times before they relized I had a ruptured disc.I will never use Welborn network again.I would rather go to the Vet. 	1	4	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	commentscan be hard to get to know but worth the effort very helpful, open to pt. suggestions within reason, only critism is refers to other specialities but thaat is probably due to HMO we participate in 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	 Dr. Gahl has gone out of his way to serve me and has not given up easily when I've been sick.  When other docs would've simply told me to rest and drink plenty of fluids, Dr. Gahl has tried to find out why I'm feeling poorly and then actively help me.  	3	4	5	5	Insurance:AnthemPaid/Co-pay:$15
21	1	commentsDr. Gahl spends plenty of time with you and doesn't dismiss problems without trying to find out why you have them. 	2	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
22	-1	 This was the worst possible experience my wife and I has ever endured. The front office staff is completely incompetent  and they routinely make mistakes on billing statements.The advice he provided to my wife was often selfishly oriented and always left my wife feeling insecure and anxious about what really could be happening. One example includes a visit in which my wife clearly stated all of her legitimate concerns including irregular bleeding. Dr. Galstian dismissed this yet we had to take an emergency visit the next morning which could have been avoided if he listened to my wife and I initially. Despite ignoring vocalized symptoms Galatians charged my wife for the next day visit even though he failed to do his job. Often Galstian seems anxious and out of touch with reality. He even missed our delivery because he decided to take a vacation instead. I will never use or recommend Dr. Galstian's services. Do not let Dr.  Galstian rune this sacred experience for you! 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Anthem
22	1	 dr. Galstian is very kind. He gave me insurance rate for when I didn't have insurance. He treated patients very nice and professional. His staff are also very nice. Overall, the best OB/GYN anybody can hope for.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
22	1	 He takes care of you like you were his own family member. Excellent care, very knowledgeable and helpful, takes extra time to make sure you are comfortable.  Would reccomend to everyone wanting a doctor who LISTENS TO YOU and takes the extra time to make sure you are great along the way and long afterwards!!!! =) 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
23	1	commentsAlmost my entire family is a patient of Dr.Galanes'. She is an awesome person and Doctor. My daughter was very upset when she had to use a different physician due to her employment and insurance. We all TRUST and love Doctor Galanes. Never feel rushed when you are there and she makes you feel very comfortable and relaxed. Hope I never have to change doctors. 	3	3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	.  the best shes a great person and a wonderfull doctor 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
23	1	commentsAlways been wonderful - doesn't let you leave until you feel comfortable with her responses. 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	 Dr. Galanes has always made our family feel well taken care of.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
23	-1	 Left a joint custodial parent out of decision making concerning a minor child. Made several decisions, referrels, treatment without one of parent's input, though Dr. Galanes was that parent's primary physician for 10 yrs. Parent has had no contact with minor child and does not have the funds to take to court. Dr. Galanes aligned herself with one parent concerning major medical decisions, preventing minor to receive care she advised and agreed to with both parents week prior.  	1	3	1	1	Insurance:Anthem
23	1	commentsAlways makes me feel during the appt time that I am her first priority.  Knowing that she will spend quality time with me makes some lack of punctuality worth it 	3	3	5	4	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	 DR.Gaithings is so much fun 2 go c.I started out as being kind of pissed that they were making me see another doc when i was already so tired&sick; &then; i met him:i instantly changed my mind,i walked in&he; put me &my; hubby @ease right away.Now when i go back 4 my check-ups every 3 mos he always ask about him&it; really seems like he cares.He ask about my life&really; does listen,he even remembers most of it when i come back the next time.Very cool.  	5	3	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
33	-1	 This doctor did not have a good bedside manner, was not helpful in explaining my condition, and stormed out of the room when I did not understand what he was attempting to tell me.  I will never see this doctor again, and I do not recommend him.  	4	4	1	3	Insurance:AnthemPaid/Co-pay:$25
35	1	commentsThis doctor has a great bedside manner , she listens to you and is kind. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	 I really love my Dr. Galante. she is a very caring, knowledgeable, Dr. She spends time with her patients to  make sure they understand what is going on with their health problems. She is not one to hurry.Dr Galante is always there to ans any questons that you may have. She also returns your phone calls . She is a fantastic Dr. I would recommend her in a heart beat to anyone who needs a Dr. Id she does not have the ans to a health problem. she will get it from a specialist who has the ans. Wow I can't say enough about her.  Love her 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
39	1	 Dr. G spends at least 30 min with me each time I go (which at this time is weekly). He is really flexible about trying different solutions instead of only resorting to medication.  	4	3	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	1	 I absolutely love Dr G!  My mom always went to him and I transferred there and he was quick to control my migraines when no one else could.  I also transferred my children to him as well.  My husband is also going to transfer from his family dr in elwood to dr. G.  I've never had to wait long, and I've always gotten a quick answer w/ Dr. G.  	3	4	5	5	Insurance:HIP
39	1	 Dr. Gallanosa makes you feel very comfortable.  He is very thorough in his examinations, and if he cannot find out what is going on with you, he usually will have you see a specialist.  The office staff is friendly, but, from what i can tell, cannot use common sense.  I've often felt like I was treated like a number rather than a patient.  The wait to see the doctor is ridiculous.  Expect to wait at least 3 hours to see the doctor.  I have a feeling they triple book.  If I didnt like the doctor as much as I do, I probably would leave this practice.  	2	1	4	4	Insurance:Medicare
39	-1	 I felt that the doctor left me hanging.  He had a great personality, but I felt that he and his office 'dropped the ball' frequently.  He was thorough and referred me to the specialists that were needed to investigate what was wrong with me.  However when his diagnosis suspicions were decided incorrect he seemed to give up on me.  I later was able to visit another physician on my own and find out the reason for my odd symptoms, and have the issue corrected.  Gallanosa, while I thought was a nice person, would be a great doctor if you have a common cold and do not have any complex medical needs.  But for anything beyond minor medical treatment I do not feel he is the answer.  	2	5	1	3	Insurance:AnthemPaid/Co-pay:$20
39	1	 Dr.  Gallanosa was able to diagnose a rare condition that I had when no other doctors in town had a guess as to what it was (and I had seen a more than a few!) Yes, I have had to wait awhile to get in for my appointment at times but his knowlagability is worth it for me and I feel better now then I did for years! 	4	3	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
39	1	 The office wasn't what I would consider clean. My appointment was at 9:00 AM I was not even called back to a room until after 12. I had to wait 3 weeks to even get an appointment. He got over booked and I was only able to see the nurse practioner. Overall he has to many patients not enough time and poor care.  	3	1	3	4	Insurance:Anthem
42	1	 As a 34 year old being informed that she required open heart surgery, I was glad the news came from Dr. Gamache. Not only is she brilliant and well-informed on the most cutting edge cardiac science, but she is warm and compassionate, as well. Sometimes she runs a bit late making appointment times, but once you are in a room with her, you understand why. She takes as much time as needed to explain and comfort and encourage. I cannot recommend Dr. Gamache highly enough. I feel very confident and safe in her care.  	5	3	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
42	1	 Dr. G. What can I say&#63;!! She is the BOMB when it comes to knowing her job!!, She not only is my heart doctor but was my late husband's as well.... If not for her I would have lost him many years before his time... He as well as I consider her &quot;Our Angel&quot; Doctor... We know all to well the Good Lord sent her to us. She is very professional, knows her stuff when it comes to the heart !.... She wil tell you the facrs straight foward no dancing around the bush with Dr. Gamache!!, She will listen to your concernes as well tell you the facts on your condition she pulls no punches, all facts & truth all the way....I feel very honored that she was brought into my life...I hope she stays as sweet as she always is.even after working double shifts she will stil take the time to listen to you & give you what you need, yes even a hug when you are down & out *grin*.Sincere &#63; YOU BET ya ! Could not ask for a better cardiologist. If she is accepting new patients,I suggest giving her a try 		5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
46	1	 Great surgeon.  I had gall bladder surgery and went home same day with no complications.  In addition, if he thinks you don't absolutely need surgery, he will tell you.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
46	1	commentsFabulous surgeon with a great bedside manner. Explained everything and answered all my questions.  He has a great nurse who helps him. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	 Dr Galloway may always run late, but you'll notice when you finally get in that he takes a lot of time with you explaining things.  I would rather wait and get a Dr who listens than get right in but walk away confused.  	3	3	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
53	-1	 Im very disappointed in Dr. Galloway, he never lets you ask a question hardly, he says he is writing and cant do two things at once. You try and tell him you problem but he acts like he isnt listening and he wont answer. Im going to be loking for a new primary doc. now, Im tired of his uncaring and ways, I waited to on my test results and I got tired of waiting so I called and the nurse said he was on vacation again. I took things inot my own hands and set up an appointment with a specialist, now I will get a real answer.  	3	1	1	1	Insurance:CIGNA
53	-1	commentsYou can't get your test results. He can be really rude if you ask him a question he doesn't like. We will never go back there. He doean't know what he is doing!!! 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
53	-1	commentsOur family stopped going to him because we couldn't get our test results back. They would get upset when we called and asked about them. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
53	-1	 I had very bad heel pain he had me to get xrays in the same building and told me they would contact me, after a week I called them and they said they had not got the results back yet after a few days more my wife called the office and wanted to know what the hold up was and they said they would check to see.                                              In a few more days they called and said Dr. Galloway wanted me to see a foot doctor.  	2	2	1	3	Insurance:Medicare
53	1	commentsHas been our family doctor for years and has always been very kind & compassionate. 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	commentsi find him well versed and compassoinate. 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
53	-1	commentsLeft this doctor crying after consulting him for a simple referral. His response was to yell at me because his staff made an error and scheduled my appointment with him even though I was pregnant -- evidently he does NOT see pregnant women. 		3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
53	-1	 Took my elderly father to see Dr. Galloway. He sloughed off my father's symptoms as being unimportant. Ended up taking my father to see another doctor who diagnosed him with advanced heart disease.  		4	1	2	Insurance:Medicare
53	-1	commentsI called to ask about an allergy medicine for my baby, she was suffering from her allergies. Dr. Galloway was on vacation, and did not leave any way for his patients to get a hold of him. There wasn't even another doctor taking his place for the time he was gone. I called the office, and the best advice they could give me was take my baby to the emergency room. (I was not about to do that over sinus medication) To me, if a doctor cannot see the improtance of taking care of his patients, especially children and elderly, then he is not worth seeing. 		2	1	3	Insurance:Unknown
55	0	commentsSeemed to come into the first office visit assuming he knew what the problem was and didn't want to listen to what the symptoms were. Seemed to be knowledgeable but got irate when asked about or questioned about his diagnosis or tests ordered. If you're the type of person who just goes to the doctor and puts yourself totally in their hands you will probably be fine with this doctor, but if you want to take part in your health care or are the kind of person who dares to have an opinion I would definitely not recommend this physician. 	4	3	2	3	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	commentsMy husband has been going to Dr. Galea for several years.  Dr. Galea diagnosed his MS correctly.  He couldn't have been more thorough, patient, and kind in handling a very difficult situation.  He gave the utmost of time and attention to answering every question we had and treated us with dignity.  We believe my husband is doing well because of Dr. Galea's treatment and follow-up.  He is a caring doctor and we are honored to be able to rely on him.  There isn't one thing we could complain about.  We trust him with Dennis' life. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
55	-1	commentsDon't get suckered in to this guy's care. He'll order a lot of tests, that cost a fortune, but will completely neglect to help. After a great deal expense, only a secretary would talk to me. I got a &quot;You're Ok&quot; and thats it. Since then my seizures persist and i have had a couple of costly ambulance rides to the emergency room. Referred by (even worse)Dr. Douglas David. Avoid both at all costs. 		1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
55	-1	commentsAdvertises that he treats back, neck, muscle pain and fibromyalgia among other conditions but appears to blacklist patients who actually have these conditions. 		4	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
56	-1	 Dr. Gallagher seems to think his time-out program is the only thing that works for people. Like the other reviewer, I felt like just &quot;barked&quot; back when I questioned his program. Well, after 3 sessions (5 weeks), his T.O program didn't do a damn thing for my son. My son actually has PTSD and he seemed to not want to deal with it. Waste of time. He was rude and had an unprofessional attitude, making snide comments.  	1	2	1	1	Insurance:Tricare
56	-1	 Tries to dress professional, but is not very acknowledgable about Autism/Asperger's Syndrome and has claimed many to have Oppositional Defiant Disorder or behavioral disorders when they have autism. He is very rude in manner, not kind at all, will not listen to you and quickly jumps to talking. His chair was squeaky last I went to him and it was very annoyijng and with his deep voice, he was very annoying in manner and gave me an unpleasant feeling when entering his office. He also seems to be the type to &quot;think he knows it all&quot; and you cannot tell him how you feel, without feeling attacked. I know a few older people he tended to have been more nicer too (maybe he works better with older individuals), but every younger person he has had in his office he has thought of as rude. I give him a thumbs down... He isn't very courtesy and very well, professionally. He is also very immature.  Definitely stay away from this guy! 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
70	1	commentsAfter months of research towards my decision of having a breast augmentation procedure;after having a consultation with two board-certified surgeons in the area, I chose Dr.Galante.Not only was he attentive to what I was looking for,he listened and answered all of my questions;he and his staff made me feel very comfortable.There was no nervousness or apprehension towards having the procedure completed after speaking with him. Dr.Galante and his surgical staff made the day relaxing and effortless from start to finish. From pre-op set up to the light hearted talk about music when I was brought into the operating room to Dr.Galante talking with my husband and I afterwards.Dr.Galante even took time later that evening to call and personally check on me.The entire experience was first class.I know the decision to choose Dr.Galante was the right one.I highly recommend Dr.Galante to anyone looking for a Plastic Surgeon,no matter what procedure they are looking to have completed. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	commentsTara Miller     reviewed recently    Quality Excellent    I had a breast augmentation in July 2012 and am so thrilled with my results. Dr. Galante was open and honest about the procedure and made me feel comfortable with my decision. My expectations were high and I am so pleased with my outcome. I highly recommend Dr. Galante. You will be impressed not only with the professionalism of his services and his staff, but also with the sincere concern he has for his patients. Paid/Co-pay:$4600	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	commentsI am very pleased with my results! My breast augmentation was done in Feb 24, 2012 by Dr. Gus Galante. Truly a an artist in the medical field. The staff is professional and organized. Everything was great!         -S.T. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	commentsExcellent physician and very skilled. So pleased with my eyelid surgery. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	commentsI had a tummy tuck and breast aug. Dr Galante and staff were wonderful to me. My surgery went good. i feel sooo much better it was so worth it. Iam so much happier with the way my clothes fit. Paid/Co-pay:$12000	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	commentsI researched and visited with two different plastic surgeons before choosing Dr. Galante.  I could not be happier with the results.  The breast augmentation and the lipo that was performed surpassed my expectations.  I'm a wife and mother of two.  I now have the figure I had when I was in my 20's.  Dr. Galante had the best bed side manner.  He was extremely genuine thru the whole process.  Answering all my concerns and giving suggestions when needed.  After the surgery he phoned me that same evening to make sure everything was going well.  He came highly recommended and I'm glad I chose Dr. Galante.  I have already referred friends and family to him. 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	commentsThe best plastic surgeon in this area, hands down!  Great bed-side manner!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	commentsDr. Galante and his staff are both personable and professional.  My pre-op meetings, surgery and subsequent care have all exceeded my expectations.  He is the best cosmetic surgeon in this area. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	commentsAwesome doctor!!! I had breast augmentation surgery. Would go back to him for any future procedures. Great office staff also. Paid/Co-pay:$4600	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	commentsI have gone to Dr Galante for 7 years.  He has performed several procedures on me and has NEVER suggested I have anything done.  In fact, he has actually refused to do some work.    I have referred several friends who have been very pleased with their results and pay it forward by referring others.  His follow up after procedures is second to none.  I can't say enough good things about him!    My only complaint is that so many people know my secret that I have a longer wait for appts! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	commentsI have gone to Dr Galante a couple times, only for Botox and Restylane.  He and his staff make you feel at ease and are very comforting.  He even re-did the injections once at no cost as the results were not what I expected.  He will do what it takes to make it right! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
84	-1	 After my surgery, I had many complications.  I was repeatedly told to &quot;Give it some time&quot; and that I would feel better if I lost some weight.  It has now been almost 2 years since surgery.....my life has never been the same but this doctor will not see me.  Other doctors I have since seen have informed me that I must be reacting to the mesh used to repair my hernias by Dr. Galouzis.  I have no problem with this, but Galouzis should have at least tried to fix my pains, swelling, etc.  	5	4	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
84	1	 got my questions answered appropriately. Understands peoples concerns, and willing to give you the time to make the decision that is best for you.  Also is extremely honest 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
84	1	 Down to earth and talks to you in terms you can understand.  Very caring.   Had a question and, he, not his nurse or staff, called back!  Great surgeon and human being! 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
84	1	 THE MOST UNDERSTANDING & PATIENT DOCTOR I HAVE EVER DEALT WITH. HE HAD A WAY OF MAKING THE WORST OF THINGS BE OK. HE ALWAYS TOOK THE TIME TO TALK & EXPLAIN WHAT WAS HAPPENING OR GOING TO HAPPEN.  		5	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
84	1	 My daughter was in the hospital with gallbladder pain, and Dr. Galouzis was on call, and arrived at the hospital and explained the gallbladder surgery and was very kind and took time to explain everything to us.  		5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
84	1	commentsI felt very comfortable with him and felt he was caring and compassionate.He seemed to be very knowlegeable and didn't rush us and took time in explaning and answering our questions. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	commentsMY 14 YEAR OLD DAUGHTER PRESENTED TO ER AND DR GALOUZIS WAS THE SURGEON ON CALL. MY DAUGHTER WAS VERY ILL AND IN SIGNIFICANT PAIN. DR. GALOUZIS PROMPTLY DIAGNOSED AND TREATED HER CONDITION. SHE SPENT TWO WEEKS RECOVERING IN THE HOSPITAL. DURING THAT ENTIRE TIME, HE WAS VERY COMPASSIONATE TO HER AND TO OUR FAMILY. IT DID NOT MATTER WAS TIME OF THE DAY OR NIGHT IT WAS, HE WAS ALWAYS AVAILABLE TO KEEP US POSTED ON HER CONDITION. MY DAUGHTER FOUND GREAT COMFORT IN NOT ONLY HIS MEDICAL ABILITIES BUT HIS GENUINE CARING AND DEDICATION HE HAS TOWARDS HIS PATIENTS. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
84	-1	 Even though I was my aged mother's signed and approved contact person when she had undergone an operation (after which she experienced complications), Dr. Galousis was elusive and withheld information.  		3	1	3	Insurance:Medicare
91	1	commentsTakes the time to look you in the eye and listen to your concerns and questions. Dr Gable makes you feel like a patient not a number. 		4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
96	-1	 I would not recommend this dr to anyone. All I can say is do your own homework. He doesn't take anyone's heart issues seriously,waiting over 2 years with my own heart issues, b/f he made the connections on what was going on. We had to get his attention finally by yelling at him. He is very ignorant, stubborn, does things his way, doesn't listen to you and your feelings, rushes in/out of the room and doesn't spend quality time with you to get to the root of the problem fo what's really wrong. If it weren't for the research I did on the internet, I wouldn't have found the crutial test that was needed for me to get the answer I to my life-threatening adominal issues. I'm so glad I finally kept on pushing him. If you're not willing to even do that with your drs, then don't expect to get better. Don't bend to what your drs think is wrong with you.Don't settle for 2nd,if ur dr's not working,go to another.You know your body more than anyone else. I have 2 100% blkged arteries that were found.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:GHI
100	-1	 I called in yesterday night on the emergency line. Dr. Galanti was the doctor on call. I must say this woman is out right the rudest doctor I have ever came encounter with. It seemed to me she was concerned about money and only money. She brushed me off the phone and said to go to medcheck. I explained. I knew what was wrong with me and I was in pain. I was asking to have a script for amoxicillian. I was not asking for a narcotic. I have a sinus infection. Oh plus I must say I am in the nursing school at IUPUI. She was so worried about money and co- pays. Oh the answering service is not helpful and rude as well. I am seriously thinking about changing doctors. I have been seeing my doctor that is in the group for years! I am thinking about changing doctors because of this ill mannered woman! I find her to have no bed side manners.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:CIGNA
100	-1	commentsDr. Galanti charges $40 to fill out a sport physical form.  She also mis diagnosed a borken bone in my foot. Told me to put an ace bandage on it.  After 2 weeks I went to an orthopitic dr and was told my foot had a broken bone.  I will never see this dr agian.  I went 2 different times with 2 different family members. She is not a good dr. She just does not care. She is a good listener and talker but the care she provides is not what I want for my famly. 	2	3	2	1	Insurance:Unknown
100	1	commentsIf you are OK with being talked down to, not being able to get appointments when you need them and not getting return calls, be sure to go to this doctor.  As a new patient, my adult daughter couldn't get a return call to tell her what OB/GYN they recommended.  I once had to wait 40 minutes only to reschedule because they couldn't tell me how much longer it would be, because 2 other patients had been signed in before me, but I was already signed in and sitting down when those patients walked in the door.  Dr. Gilanti is frequently on vacation, and I had to wait 2 weeks to get an appointment for my daughter in for a refill on a med she was out of.  I had to wait 3 weeks for a physical appointment.  She is knowledgeable, but very condescending in her tone and body language, which I simply can't get past.  We needed a referral which they said they would schedule, but after several weeks, we finally discovered they had forgotten to do the referral.  I'm finding a new doctor. Paid/Co-pay:$20	2	3	3	4	Insurance:Unknown
100	1	 Staff were great. Dr.Galanti was very helpful and intelligent.  She takes time for questions and is very thorough! My experience was very pleasant! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
100	1	commentsI have appreciated Dr. Galanti, though I've only been a patient of hers for a year or two. She inspires confidence and seems to be a proactive, preventive physician. She is very cordial and takes times for questions. 	4	4	5	4	Insurance:Unknown
100	1	 She was very kind and very knowledgeable. Making sure to explain the issues my husband and I had, she eased all of our fears and answered all of our questions in a way that was easy to understand. I would definitely recommend her for anyone who needed a family doctor, a gynecologist, or a pediatrician. She is certainly one of a kind.  		5	5	5	Insurance:HumanaPaid/Co-pay:$2000
