dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
4	-1	commentsThis doctor is a chiropractor not an MD.  There is no research to her clinical approach.  Save your money and see a real doctor! 	4	4	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	commentsLoved Her. the first doctor that really took the time and she listened.  She help me get my life back. thanks 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	 DR FAUSTO MAGNO IS VERY CONCERNED ABOUT HIS PATIENTS. HE ALWAYS HAS CONCERNS ABOUT WHAT IS BOTHERING YOU. I LOVE HOW HE ALWAYS WAITS FOR ME WHEN I AM LATE FOR AN APPOINTMENT.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:HealthPartners
8	1	commentsAwesome doctor - very concerned with his patients.  Takes time and gives personal attention to each patient. Very personable. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
13	-1	 Didn't address the problem I came in with.  More glad hand than diagnosis.  Not going back.  Tried to get me to sign form for added fee. The next doctor got the simple diagnosis and provided the service needed.  Took a bit of extra time on his part but what a difference.  	4	5	1	3	Insurance:Medicare
13	1	 I rate the doc 5's all across the board simply because he and his staff are incredible at what they do.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	1	 He is so nice and treats tou like family. He is very caring and not over priced. He truly cares about his patients!! And ussally not a long wait.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	1	 Dr. Maddock is very thorough with his examinations.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	1	commentsI went to Dr. McDonald for many years and I just never &quot;clicked&quot; with him.  He's a fairly decent doctor, but we certainly were never in sync with one another. 	5	4	3	4	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	 He is one of the best Dr.'s a person could have ,he never talks down (or over )to you, and really takes the time to listen to you .His staff is cheerful,and they always makes you feel like there glad to see you.I give him a 100 app.  rating !!Vicki Shepherd 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	1	commentsLutheran Preferred Insurance.  Even if he is busy he never makes his patients feel that they are being rushed when seen. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
19	0	 difficult to work with. reluctant to give out medication.  	5	5	2	4	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
19	-1	 Dr. Mabel's bedside manner is cold and uncaring. He does not spend time with you to discuss your questions or concerns. He prescribes only name brand medication (to earn his kick-back $ from the drug makers). His staff is just as cold and uncaring. Dr. Mabel should retire and his staff needs lessons in basic customer service.  	1	4	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	commentsDr.Madura came very highly recommended and after meeting her it was easy to see why. She has delivered all 4 of our children and never once did we experience so much as a hiccup. The only fears we had during pregnancy was that the baby would come early and Dr.Madura wouldnt be available. With two of our babies this happened and while making her morning rounds, she suited up and performed both Cesareans flawlessly. Even though she is full, insist on her if you want the best. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	 i love debra. she is so bubbly and happy all the time. she made me feel confident to become a mom and answered all my questions truthfully. if she felt like my idea might be a bad decision, she told me. she told me possible outcomes of early labor and being on time. she is a sweet doctor. i wish i was pregnant all the time just so i can see her. i would recommend her to everyone.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
25	1	 She is the nicest Dr! She always made me feel comfortable at her office! Her staff is always nice too! We moved out of the state and I really wish I could still see her! She made me feel really comfortable with my pregnancy everytime I left her office (it's my first and of course I had a thousand questions/concerns)! She was really helpful with allowing me to reschedule my ultrasound because we were moving. She always seemed generally concerned with any questions I had.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
25	1	 Best Doctor around!!! Have been seeing her since I was 15 and has always been GREAT. She is the kindest woman, and is knowledable is her practice.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
25	1	 Really like her-- 4 kids and minor gyn problems.  sweet, funny, lovely smile and chilly hands!  Great group of partners also 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
25	1	commentsHands down THE best OB-GYN I ever had. Even though she wasn't taking on new patients, she accepted me when she heard that I was having difficulty in conceiving my 2nd child. She worked with me for over a year, assisted me through a life threatening pregnancy, and went out of her way to arrange infertility treatments with specialists in Indianapolis. If it wasn't for her caring and persistance, I wouldn't have my (2nd) beautiful daughter today. She is the BEST of the best. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	commentsA wonderful, caring and sweet doctor. She is the best! 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	 EXCEEDED ANY EXPECTATION,SAVED MY CHILDS LIFE,KEPT ME INFORMED AND CALM DURING ONE OF THE MOST TRYING TIMES A PARENT COULD HAVE.WE NEED MORE PHYSICIANS LIKE HIM.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	-1	 this guy did not care to help me. he made me wait for hours while he visited with the other staff members and hid. he sat on his ass and read a paper while i suffered in pain. should have medical board investigate this guy. if I could meet him outside the hospital, I would like to show him how much pain I had.  	1	1	1	2	Insurance:Humana
33	-1	commentsVery bad doctor. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	commentsgreat pain doctor 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	commentsDr. Magiera diagnosed my minor problem without hesitation and effectively fixed it.  However, he was not very friendly and he made me feel like I was wasting his time.  Hopefully he was just having a bad day, but either way, that was my experience with him. 	4	3	3	5	Insurance:Unknown
43	-1	commentsTraining and knowledge in India must be very poor. Why does the US Medical board recognize poor foreign education 	1	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	 Dr Mackel was detailed, helpful, and was very pleasant.  I would recommend him to anyone! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
45	1	 I went to Dr.Mackel Feb. 2006 after getting cortisone shots in elbow for a year at family doctor. Mackel came HIGHLY recommended by:two family members he did surgeries on, my family doctor, and from other friends I have that happen to work in the medical field that asked their doctor friends about him. (I don't pick a doctor from the yellow pages...I take time to find a doc that comes highly recommended!) He told me what to expect in surgery, recovery time etc... and that's exactly what happened. I am very happy with results! He also told me AFTER surgery that because of my skin type (&#63;&#63;) he went ahead and gave me &quot;plastic surgery type&quot; stitches because of how he thought I would scar. I never mentioned that I DO scar so easily! My scar is 3&quot; long and you can barely see it! A nice bonus personally. My only complaint:he breezes in office and is rather short and too the point, he'll be gone in a flash unless YOU ask him exactly what you want to know. Then he's happy to explain.  Good doc! 		3	4	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	1	 dr maasey was a pleasent surprise when my old dr have to move.  i find her to be very knowageable professional and truly concerned about my well being.   thamk you dr jill 	4	4	4	4	Insurance:Medicare
50	1	commentsDr. Magnetti is wonderful. My mom has been seeing him for more than 40 years and I have since I was a child. He is also great with people who are afraid of the dentist - I referred a scared friend and after she saw him, she didn't mind the dentist anymore.  His staff is terrific as well. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
59	1	 Dr. Mader and his staff were professional, kind and extremely warm. My fear of dentistry was diminished after one visit.  They go to great lengths to make you as comfortable as possible.  Carleen was so sweet and very knowledgeable.  She took great care of me.  She printed out some recipes for me as well.  Thanks Dr. Mader, Carleen and staff for making it a very easy experience.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Delta Dental
61	0	comments 	3	3	3	3	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	 Great pediatric neurologist. Have taken my daughter to Dr. Magno for MANY years.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Humana
74	1	commentsDr. Maaske was pleasant, professional and knowledgeable about my hypothyroid issues.  She is the first physician I have been to who explained my thyroid lab values in a way that was very easy to understand.  She answered all of my questions and thoroughly explained thyroid hormone replacement therapy.  I would definitely recommend this physician. 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
74	-1	commentsWent in for a thyroid problem.  She did not listen or show concern for any of my symptoms.  Little knowledge of her &quot;specialty&quot; or ability to answer questions regarding my issues.  My family doctor was much more educated than her....Dont go. 	5	5	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
76	-1	commentsDoesn't event see you. Nurses screen and do everything. Took 5 yrs of physcals before she figured out a thyroid problem. Can't get hold of on phone. Really disappointing. Nice lady, but not such a good doctor. 	1	3	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
76	1	 Love Dr. Macklem! She has always been prompt and very helpful. She listens to my concerns and has been sure to find the answer to anything she didn't know. She's also very personable and remembers personal things about me from visit to visit.  	4	4	5	4	Insurance:Anthem
76	-1	commentsRefuses to take time to answer questions.  Does not do proper testing when have a medical issue and does not follow up with problem to properly be referred to a specialist or another doctor that could help the problem. 	4	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
81	-1	 Dr. Madsen strongly recommended that I have kyphoplasty to relieve back pain. During the surgery he evidently damaged a nerve which left me with my original back pain as well as much more new pain from the damaged nerve. This pain is similar to the pain of shingles. I will be on medication for the rest of my life. He denied responsibility. I am very sorry I had this surgery with Dr. Madsen, and I would not recommend anyone having similar surgery.  	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Medicare
81	1	 excellent doctor and knowledgable, rotator cuff surgery and my arms are fine...  I highly recommend 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
81	-1	 Dr. Madsen did a total knee replacement and put it in 40 degrees off. When I brought it to his attention he stated that I had a foot drop. I did have to have it revised because it was put in very badly....  		1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$5000000
81	-1	commentsI had 2 surgeries done by Dr. Madsen. One surgery I had done, I found another dr to help me and he said that I didn't need the surgery and my other surgery, I'm still having major issues! I would NOT recommend him to anyone! 		3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
81	0	comments 		5	3	3	Insurance:Unknown
83	1	 I have been a patient of Dr Magsino's for the past three years. During my first oppointment with him he informed me that my previous doctor had not preformed the currently accepted method of biopsy for my thyroid tumor several years ago and encourage me to have another biopsy. Long story short, the tumor was infact cancer and would have gone undetected without Dr  Magsino's close examination of my medical records and his knowledge regarding best practices in his field.  During the last three years I have seen him for perhaps a dozen appointment. Without exception he has always had the time to explain what should be done next in my case and why&#63;  He answers all of my questions thoroughly and I never get any sense, like I often do with other MD's, that I should just take his word for it.  I highly recommend Dr Magsino.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
83	-1	 The response to diagnostic testing results and notification to patients is to say the least very slow and staff comes across very uncaring.  I will not be continuing care with this physician.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Anthem
83	1	 Dr. Magsino has been my Doctor from his day one in Evansville. I am from Europe and I have been to many Doctors. The only one that was knowledgeable enough to help me was Dr. Magsino. It was hard, took many hours of explaining  and  doing everything he can to help along with his staff. I can never thank him enough for everything he did for me. I higly recommend him to everyone.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
83	1	 Starting off I was set in my ways as to how to manage my Diabetes. When Dr. Magsino changed my settings on my pump I wasn't sure if they would work the way I was expecting them to work. Come to find out it took some time for us to develop the patient/Dr. relationship and for him to learn what I needed in order for it to work. I have been very pleased with Dr. Magsino and it did take some time for us to come to an agreement as to what would work for my Diabetes. I did see some previous comments and I agree that at times I wasn't always on board with the changes but they have worked and I'm please with the outcome. I'd recommend Dr. Magsino to someone that has a working knowledge of being Diabetic just to be able to work out a regime that works for you. I'm also glad I was able to work with Dr. Magsino to make the changes that have worked with me.  	5	4	4	4	Insurance:United Healthcare
83	1	 Dr. Magsino, Jr. is a very caring, knowledgeable doctor.  I have been going to him for at least 2 years, and he always takes time to answer questions and does not hurry you at all.  I highly recommend him to anyone who needs a specialist in this field.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
83	-1	commentsThis doctor was very inconsiderate. rude and would not listen to what i had to say. flat out told me i was lying about my medicine. changed my medicine and lower my dosages that made very sick and ill. His bed manners are extremely POOR. I would not recommend this doctor at all. 	2	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
83	1	 I am very pleased with this sevice provided by Dr. Magsino.  He is very professional, as well as courteous.  I am very confident of his medical knowledge.  His staff is also very accommodating and helpful.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
83	1	 Dr. Magsino and his staff saved me from Cushings Disease.  After a 7 year battle of not knowing what was wrong with me, his wonderful staff speedily got me in for an appointment.  At one of the most difficult times of my life, Dr. Magsino and his staff helped me through every step of the process.  He is very honest and detailed. Dr. Magsino went above and beyond the call of duty, spending hours explaining a very difficult and unknown to our area disease.  I thank my lucky stars everyday that Dr. Magsino and his staff were brought into my life.  You couldn't as for a better staff.   Great job to all! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
83	-1	 Dr. Magsino is totally incompetent and the worst doctor I have ever seen in my 50 year old life. He mis-dosed my medication and nearly killed me by sending me into an extremely low blood sugar in the 30s (normal is 70 and above). I required urgent care. When I questioned his dosing method, he just refused to respond. Instead, he just kept repeating his instructions back to me without actually LISTENING to what I was saying. This type of arrogance makes him dangerous to be treating patients. To make matters even worse, he forced me to switch away from a medicine that was clearly working and onto a different medicine (Pharma kickback&#63;). The new medicine gave me lots of painful side effects, but Dr. Magsino insisted that these NEW symptoms had nothing to do with this new medicine. And, his nurse is just like him - rude, unfriendly, uncaring, devoid of any kind of concern.  Worst Doctor ever!! 	1	2	1	1	Insurance:Medicare
83	-1	commentsI would not recommend Dr. Magsino because of his uncaring nature and inability to listen to your concerns.  He is without a doubt the worst doctor I have ever encountered. 	4	4	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	commentsDr. Mader was my family physican in Lower Sackville, Nova Scotia, Canada for a number of years. He was a fantastic Doctor then and I would assume he is even better now. If you are a patient of Dr. Mader's in the USA you are very lucky.  We miss him in Canada.   Former patient, Nancey Trueman, Lower Sackville, Nova Scotia, Canada 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	commentsDr. Mader is an awesome physician and works to help his patients.  After going to other doctors and dealing with a bunch of idiots, it's refreshing to be a patient of such a helpful and knowledgeable doctor.  I would highly recommend him for anyone that needs a good and caring doctor that really helps his patients.  I will keep him as my doctor until he decides to retire.  He's awesome! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	commentsDr. Mader was my doctor in Lower Sackville when I was a child. Top rate, and I always remember my times with him. Really hope he comes back one day. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	 Me and my family have been seeing Dr. Mader for years I love him so much. He is always very professional and friendly even whenhis office is crazy busy. He's so laid back in attitude but listens and might crack a joke or two. His office is very busy the only thing i would suggest is to write a list of questions or concerns before you go in there cause otherwise you forget what you were there for in the first place sometimes. or hes busy and then hes OUT the door before you know it... HEHEHE... No he is really great and DR&gt; to my whole family. The time that you ask for hes there and intently hears you out. Sometimes I suggest treatments or have other ideas and he considers and discusses treatments with you. I am very comfortable with him and I feel I can talk to him about anything with out embarrassment. BTW the girls at the front desk are kinda mean sometimes.  	3	5	5	5	Insurance:Tricare
92	-1	commentsBack in 2000 Dr Mader failed to diagnose a sickness as simple as pnumonia!  This resulted in my husband having an emergency trach put in and to this day still breathes through a trach.  All while Dr. Mader goes on practicing medicine and enjoying his life.  We struggle every day with my husband's condition physically, emotionally and financially.  I would not recommend this doctor to anyone! 	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	commentsHe was my doctor in Lower Sackville, NS, Canada. Excellent doctor. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	commentsI was a patient of Dr. Mader's when he was in Canada. Great Doctor. I highly recommend him. We really miss him in Lr. Sackville, Nova Scotia. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
94	-1	comments 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
94	-1	 He is jut shaddy and didn't seem to have much knowledge. Once I was admitted back (20 minutes after my appointment was scheduled for) I waited another 30 minutes for him to come in. I didn't feel like he listened to me and wanted to do a scope for what I had which I explained was already done. He still insisted but my guess is to just rack up fees. I would rather go to Dr.  Seuss next time! 	1	2	2	2	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:$800
94	-1	 My first appointment went OK with Dr Madison. I made a follow up with the doctor and waited 10 minutes to see him. He walked in and told me that he could have me arrested for going to multiple doctors and receiving medications (narcotics). He told me that I ought to &quot;get my**** together.&quot; I told him I was confused as there has never been an overlap in seeing doctors. He told me that the DA redflagged me. He left room saying nothing. After 45 additional minutes I walked to the front desk and said I had to go because I had a class 15 minutes later. She said he cannot be contacted because he's in a meeting! He left the middle of my appointment for a meeting. I stood in the hall waiting for him to walk out the meeting room. He waltzes out 5 minutes later and said, &quot;I can't help you(treat you).&quot; I was shocked at first because of his rude demeanor and for calling me a criminal!  Think twice before seeing this doctor.  	1	1	1	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
94	-1	 Yes, the staff are very rude! I will never go to them again! You wait over an hour for your appointment.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
94	-1	commentsI had a very bad experience with the office staff. Very unprofessional and not accomodating. 	1	2	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
94	0	 Note: This doctor and group is both based in Chicago and Indiana.     I would like to begin by saying to the general public, and those in the medical profession including those on the administrative levels as well.  In no way is this message meant to slander anyone; however, through my very poor experiences with this doctor and his company/group, I feel it is my civil duty to let the public know about his unprofessional, disorganized, and poorly communicative medical company/group, which is the Watertower Surgical Center (WTS) located in Chicago Illinois.                                                  More information available upon request....  	1	1	2	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
95	1	.  Dr Macadeag is knowledgeable but if you do not get better after the procedure he just gives up and pushes you out the door 	3	3	2	5	Insurance:Anthem
95	1	commentsdr. macadaeg does not give enough credit to the patient and when you cannot not do the physical therapy he recommended....gives up on you. he is very knowledgable but hope you can do exactly as he says or out you go 	3	3	3	5	Insurance:Unknown
96	1	 His purpose: &quot;Help as many people as possible get well naturally.&quot; Also an acupuncturist, he's helped not only my spinal needs, but also detoxing, anxiety, sports injuries, fibromyalgia, and weight loss. He's an all around good doctor witha caring staff. They're about educating their patients so they can make an informed decision about their healthcare. They also not only accept insurance, but also have very reasonable payment options. He's top of the line in my book.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
