dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	-1	Treated me like a child and acted like I was completely incompetent. Told me the Hydrocodone 5/500 and Soma I am on for pain is way too strong,(I'm 45 with two herniated discs that didn‘t respond to epidural steroid injections and I’m still in pain even with taking those meds or I wouldn‘t be there) and she put me on Ultram and Flexeril which are both even weaker than the medicine I am on. I suffered physically and emotionally from being poorly treated by her and basically called an addict; I wasted my time and money and had to go to the ER for relief. My PCP told me that Hydrocodone and Soma are mild compared to other pain medications and muscle relaxants and Dr. Perrin was out of line in prescribing something even less potent and telling me what I take is too strong. She under-prescribes, if she does at all, and judges you as if she knows you better than you do. She shouldn’t treat patients like they are incompetent or junkies that don’t need medications. Worst physician I’ve seen.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
2	-1	very unprofessional.  its not high school anymore! 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	I have been seeing Dr Park for many years for my neck pain.  She is very knowledgeable and always takes time to explain what is going on with me.  I feel she has my best interests in mind when planning my care.  She has given me epidural injections which have been very helpful.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	1	Took time with me. I didn't feel rushed and she fixed a problem with one shot that three other doctors told me I needed a surgery to fix. Thank you Dr Park! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	She is wonderful, very helpful.  She is the BEST 	2	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
3	1	Doctor Pappas recently moved to a new office. The staff is wonderful there and I like all the doctors who share on call.  		3	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
4	1	We moved about 3 yrs. ago and i still have a hard time liking my kids doctor after having Dr. Perry.   He always went above and beyond the call of duty for my kids and he is one reason i so want to move back to Indiana we miss him so much 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
4	1	Dr. Perry is a great pediatric doctor. Both of my boys have been to him since they were born. I've never once had a problem with him. Never makes us feel rushed, and takes great care of my kids. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	-1	I saw Dr. Pamintuan years ago for extreme pain and heavy bleeding.  Told it was nothing and just have labs drawn.  Two years later I almost died from having fibroids and needing four blood transfusions.  He never diagnosed me. 	2	2	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	Dr. Parr and the whole staff have been great for both my kids!  Understanding, easy to work with, accessible, answers every question, empathetic...  Those are just some of the ways I would describe Dr. Parr.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
7	1	Very caring doctor. Found my cancer way befor it got out of hand.  	 9/15/11	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
7	1	Dr. Perkins is THE BEST. I have seen him for 15+ years, through 4 pregnancies and a miscarriage. I would, and have, recommended him to everyone. He is tender hearted, VERY KNOWLEDGABLE, and extremely competent. My sister sees him as well and due to his quick actions, he saved my nephew by performing an emergency C-section as the cord was wrapped around the baby's neck. I do not question his judgement and feel totally at ease with his recommendations. I trust him with not only my life but my children's lives as well. He always gives me facts (I do my homework) and, if possible, he offers choices to make sure that I am comfortable. My husband has the utmost faith in him as well and that is saying a lot. His office staff and nursing assistants have always treated me with respect and I looked forward to my visits. They actually spoiled me!! Ultimately, it is up to each individual but I would highly recommend him.  Good luck and may God bless each of you and your situation! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
7	1	I have been seeing Dr. Perkins for approx 16 years.  He is wonderful, compassionate and a great physician.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
7	1	I recently had a hysterectomy that was completed by Dr. Perkins. He was very helpful, kind and knowledgeable. This is the second surgery that I have had with Dr. Perkin's. When I was in the operating room I was upset and he held my hand and offered comforting comments. I would highly recommend him to any of my family and friends.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
7	-1	After the birth of my first child, which Dr. Perkins attended, he repaired my third degree perineal tear. I developed a painful hematoma. He refused to prescribe pain medication, stating that I should have my husband help me. I was unable to sit (it was too painful) or stand from a sitting position for a week. No bedside manner or compassion. 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
7	-1	Dr. Bryan Perkins was suppose to perform a 30 minute surgery on me to remove a cyst off an ovary. He lasered 4 holes through my bladder, which required another surgeon to come in and remove it, finding the holes, cutting down my bladder and reinserting it, during which Dr. Perkins ripped my abdomen muscles causing a massive Herniation, and removed my healthy ovary for unknown reasons.. perhaps by &quot;panic&quot;. What should have been a 1 week recovery, turned into 2 weeks hospitalization in very poor shape, and the rest of my life dealing with the problems caused by Dr. Bryan Perkins. After this 5 hour surgery, he approached my husband with the other physican, and omitted telling my husband all the facts. I had to find out later from the 2nd physician, and a surgical nurse what had exactly happened. Her response was that &quot;this surgery was ANYTHING BUT TYPICAL&quot;.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	Very, very great, wonderful, awesome doctor! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	Wonderful.  He did 2 procedures on me (gall bladder & colonoscopy) and having a 3rd done today.  Feel totally confident in him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HIP
9	-1	Dr. Pai was AWFUL. She was LATE &amp; when she came in, she was in such a hurry. She wasn't concerned with my health. She was extremely rough when she did my pap &amp; she had nurse in the room while she did it. DO NOT GO TO VALERIE.  	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	-1	Refuses to treat pain, which is a basic human right. I had to switch to her due to moving away from an excellent dr in the same Community Health Network who had me on daily opioids for years. She just said no. Wouldn't provide a partial refill so I could work &amp; pay bills prior to seeing the second neurologist she referred me to (the first didn't take Medicaid patients--she should've known that--so it's her fault I'm out of medicine for over a week). I am firing her. Do not hire her.  	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
9	-1	I came in to have a blood test done, but I had to get a physical since I haven't been back for a few years. Because I'm young, she kept pushing me about the HPV vaccine and if I wanted to do a PAP smear. Honestly, I don't need that to be done. Her Rx order for the lab test was missing important info I needed, luckily I caught it. About the office people, they're very insincere and cold about your questions since I don't remember what the procedure there was. They looked at me as if I was dumb and just rolled their eyes. If I wasn't a dependent on my parents at the moment, I'd find a better doctor.  	2	3	1	2 	Insurance:CIGNA
9	-1	Dr. Pai is very insensitive to patients needs.  When I was concerned about an issue concerning my daughter she was rude and didn't answer my questions.  She seemed as if it was &quot;no big deal.&quot;  She is not very good with children.  As far as myself, she fail to answer my question and at every appointment she finds it necessary to tell me that I am obese because I am not a size 2. Just for the record I am a size ten and last time i checked that wasn't obese.  I will be leaving her practice ASAP and advise anyone not to become her patient unless you enjoy being mis-treated and not having your questions answered. 	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
9	-1	don't like it when weight loss surgery is one of the first things out of a doctors mouth.   very insensitive and unhelpful 	2	3	1	2 	Insurance:Anthem
9	-1	Just didn't like the quality of service from the doctor.  Very little time spent with the actual doctor and more time with the practitioner and nurse.  Didn't seem to address concerns and ordered tests that ended up costing me thousands that were not necessary.  	 3/4/09	1	2	1	Insurance:Anthem
9	1	dr pai is a great doctor, the office staff however can be somewhat insensitive but i just went and things seem to be getting better.  dr pai is young and is truly concerned for your health and well being.  	2	4	4	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
10	1	Dr. Paul certainly has the knowledge &amp; ability to provide EXCELLENT care. She is the FIRST physician who actually cares enough about my health/well-being &amp; spends MUCH time with me. She ensures I understand EVERY aspect of my diagnoses &amp; treatments and will bend over backwards to help. I spent YEARS trying to find a physician who not only has the knowledge about my conditions, but will also TREAT my conditions. There has not been one time in which I could not be frank, up-front, &amp; approach Dr. Paul. To say Dr. Paul is an excellent physician is an understatement - she is a PERFECT physician who will never give up to help her patients. I understand she practices in a very complex medical setting &amp; despite that, the fact she is willing to spend 2 hours discussing things says it all. Dr. Paul has a 10/10 in my book!! Furthermore, her nurse Lori is EQUALLY knowledgeable, friendly, &amp; will also go &quot;above &amp; beyond&quot; to ensure I am taken care of.  GREAT TEAMWORK!! :):) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
11	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Peeler for over ten years.  His staff is wonderful and very attentive. He is very patient and very pain free! He always makes sure that I am totally numb before he begins a procedure.  I can not handle pain and have had to have lots of work on my mouth due to bad dentistry when I was a child. Dr. Peeler and his staff have always been wonderful and always take care of me right away. Also, their prices are very reasonable as I have checked around quite a bit. Three of my friends also go to Dr Peeler because of his gentleness, his wonderful staff and his great prices.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
11	0	Ok, so if you are looking to get the job done fast, perhaps this is your man. I, on the other hand, wanted a doctor that will spend time with me figuring everything out, take his time explaining thigs and MOST importantly, be compassionate. He talks ridiculously fast, runs out of the office without making sure that he had answered your questions and if, god forbid, you are the nervious type and you squirm in a chair, he will nake you feel akward about it. Kinda insensitive...  	5	5	2	4 	Insurance:Delta Dental
12	1	dr. pennal listened to my symptoms and did thorough testing. he made a correct diagnosis when his other colleagues had dismissed my complaints. he seemed to be interested in what i was trying to explain to him, and he had a very kind demeanor. i thought him to be a very knowlegable doctor. 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	He really took the time to listen to what I had to say. He was extremely helpful and complete. He also has a very easy way about him that really lets you open up. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	I really enjoy going to her. She caught a deficient hormone level early in my pregnancy that two other doctor missed, and would have resulted in a miscarriage. I was allowed to labor as long as I wanted (I labored for 40+ hrs) before a c-section was called for. True, she can't do c-sec on her own, but it is always better to have two doctors anyway, things go quicker and my actual incision is almost invisable after only 5 months. She is a great doctor! she can be overly cautious, but again, better safe than sorry. She checked up on me a lot durring my labor, and did a freaking great job on my c-sec. I was walking around in 4 hrs, and felt completely back to normal in only a month. I highly suggest her. It is a small office, so can seem disorganized. If you come early to your appt,she usually has the free time to get you in early. She is very concerned for her patients, and nearly all of them have public insurance, so she is very understanding about money troubles. She is a good woman.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	-1	NEVER TOLD PREGNANT PATIENT SHE WAS UNABLE TO DO C SECTIONS. NEVER HAD SURGEON ON CALL. TOLD PATIENT SHE WAS LEAKING URINE WHEN IT REALLY WAS AMNIOTIC FLUID. IT WAS ALMOST A TRAGEDY.  THEN TACKS ON ANOTHER $5000 TO HER BILL.  THIS IS DISGRACEFUL. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
13	-1	She does make you come in over and over for matters that could be handled over the phone so she can collect co-pays. Very rude and unprofessional office staff - most have no license or proper training.  	1	4	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	1	Dr. Pellicore is the only doctor I'll go to.  I absolutely love her and she has taken excellent care of me and my babies she's delivered over the past few years.  	5	4	4	4 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
13	1	I don't have too much to complain about. Dr. Pellicore is usually on time; staff is awsomely nice and helpful. Sometimes Dr. Pellicore seems over stressed but who wouldn't with her job&#63; I've always had plenty of time with her in the room, she's never rushed out of the room and if I think of something after the fact she is willing to talk to me in the hallway if need be. I do think she can be overly cautious; but that's not really a bad thing at all.  My over all experience has been awsome! 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
13	1	I love her! She has never blown me off with anything I've ever asked. She's gone out of her way to help and do stuff for me. I had all 3 of my kids with her, and I refuse to take them to any other doctor. I just don't like how she can't do c-sections by herself yet. But she's young and doesn't have the OR experience yet, so you can't blame her. Sometimes she's in a hurry and you can't really talk to her too much, but then there's times where she's extra chatty with you.  		3	4	4 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
13	-1	Going through my first pregnancy she wasn't very helpfull and seemed like she didn't know what she was doing really well and she didn't tell you about tests you took you have to bring them up and wasn't very friendly or confident and i wished i would have just gopne to a different doctor all along and it would have made my whole pregnancy a better experience.  		3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	-1	refuses to fill percriptions no matter how nessisary. Tries to get you to come in even if you really dont need to, just so you have to pay more money.  		2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	-1	This demon from hell did a so-called pelvic exam, and told me &quot;You have cervical cancer -- that tumor has been there for years&quot;  I said: &quot;Let me catch my breath before I ask you my questions&quot;  She said: &quot;There will be no questions, you have to go now -- I have another patient.&quot;  Now it is 5 days later. 5 days of irritable bowels, sheer terror, my darling boyfriend bursting into uncontrollable tears at random times and yes...5 days or 50 years later. And guess what&#63; we have just learned that the Ultrasound is ABSOLUTELY CLEAR.  That's right. All of this was for nothing.   Please please please let me know how I can get online, elsewhere on this site, or on the web, and warn people about this demon from hell viduri parekh 	 7/28/08	1	1	1	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
15	-1	 	3	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	I LOVE Dr. Pallekonda!  She takes the time to listen and responds to every issue. She is genuine, and down to earth. Very knowledgeable. I have been a patient of hers for 5 years. If you are looking for a great primary care physican you would be hard pressed to find a better one! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	I love Dr. Sue. She remembers everyone she meets. She's very caring, thorough, and listens to you. I've never had any problems with her or any of the staff, they are very helpful as well.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	Dr. Pallekonda was my doctor for several years and was absolutely the most caring doctor I have ever seen.  She is extremely thorough and will ensure you are screened properly.  I wish she was still my doctor as I relocated back to Florida.  Every appointment I ever had was on time and I never had to wait.  I was always able to see her or a staff member at last minute if need be.  If you are looking for the best possible care, I would highly recommend seeing her.  She is an extremely knowledgeable physician and very trustworthy.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	0	Dr. Panaro comes across as arrogant and financially motivated.  I credit Dr. Panaro for his intelligences, but Dr. Panaro good health care is about more than being intelligent.  Think about things from your patient's perspective and factor more than profit in to care decisions. 	5	5	1	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	-1	Just one word &quot;horrible&quot; don't waste your time! I went in for a yearly checkup, had to wait 20 mins. and she spent all of 15 mins with me.  I will find another doctor! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
18	-1	I had a blood clot in my left leg about 8 years ago I have recently told her the pain and feverish in my same leg feels like it did when I had the blood clot she just said I will aways have that problem and nothing was done about it.Al so I have had a lot of problems with my gallbladder and she said the test showed I have a lot of gallstones and big ones but it was not gallbladder diease so well leave it alone.Also have high blood pressure and when I took some new blood pressure pills she gave me my heart started acting up real bad she told me to take them any way.I quit taking them because of what they were doing to me.My husband has copd and asma and he has a machine at home but she wouldnt give him a inhaler for two years so if he went any where he had trouble breathing. She finnally gave him one two years later after he ended up in the hospital. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
18	-1	Dr is very nice, but unfortunately she places to much emphasis on treating everything she learned in medical school as the last word and gospel as though science has learned all there is to learn.  So any other outcome is dismissed if doesn't add up to what she had been taught.  For instance:  I had previously from the doctor she replaced been put on biohormones for two years. After taking this medication, I went off one blood pressure pill, my cholesteral significantly dropped causing me not to have to start cholesteral medicine, and I went off antidepressants.  But since she said she could not understand how I would need progesterone after a previous hysterectomy.  She refused to refill my prescription.  Now I have added another blood pressure pill again, my hot flashes,and mood swings are about to kill me.  I mean literally.  I have explained I had previously tried every kind of medicine, and none of them worked, but she is starting me all over again with this hell.  	4	4	2	1 	Insurance:Anthem
19	1	Would never use another doc. This guy explained everything perfectly and put me at total ease. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	Excellent experience with Dr. Pellar in my resent surgery.  Great communication skills and expertise.  Treats patients with respect and consideration.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	This surgeon is PERFECTION in every way! In my family alone, he has done 5 surgeries and each of us thinks very highly of him. Very kind, knowledgeable and professional.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
19	1	knows his stuff. great doctor. owe my life to this man.  he explains everything to you.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
19	1	Down to earth individual with excellent communication skills. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	-1	Extremely poor bedside manner. Rude, snobbish, and impatient.  	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	-1	Dr. Parks doesn't seem to have a genuine concern for her patients.  I don't feel any compassion or understanding from her.  She is often late and I end up sitting there waiting for her.  My last visit, a different doctor saw me and I was given no explanation why.  When I asked the office staff where Dr. Parks was, they told me she no longer sees patients at that office, yet no one had bothered to call and tell me that prior to my appointment.  Also, she is very expensive.  I rarely sit in her office longer than 10 minutes, and each time I am charged $110, the full hourly rate.  Ridiculous. 	2	3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	Simply the best; wouldn't trust my face to anyone else. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	I had a lower face/neck lift(extended SMAS) upper lower bleph, rhinoplasty, co2 around mouth, resty to lips and n/l folds, and TCA under eyes. Tho i was freaked out for several weeks about my altered appearance, Dr. Perkins was very helpful and reassuring though the entire process. He never thought any question or concern i had was unreasonable. Tho costly, i am extremely happy with my outcome. i just celebrated my 50th birthday with a big bash and I had people saying i never looked better(or younger). Thank you, Dr.P! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	I had some prior poorly placed cheek implants and 7 bad lip surgeries I needed to have repaired, and I wanted to have a mid-facelift. I found Dr. Perkins to be kind, intelligent and not arrogant (like so many doctors seem to be) He removed the two sets of poorly placed cheek implants I had done by another surgeon, and attempted to repair some of the asymmetry issues i was left with from prior lip work. The mid-facelift surgery made me very happy, took 10-15 years off, and other than a little problem with the outer corner of my eye, which he did some touch-up on later free of charge, I was extremely happy with the work he did. I am posting a before and after picture that shows what I looked like the summer before and the summer after, approximately a year apart. I think Dr Perkins is one of the best surgeons in the Indianapolis area, his facility is wonderful and his staff is the best. I would recommend him to others.http://newimagenow.hypermart.net/beforeafter.jpg 		5	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	Amazing physician, very kind, very understanding and explains you everything in detail. Love him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	. Very Knowlegeable & answered all questions 	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
25	1	every time I am in the hospital Dr. Pence and Dr.  Winters take excellent care of me, wonderful bedside manner and extremely good looking! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
25	1	AMAZING DR. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	Dr. Patel is a joy in this age of doctors who seem to be too busy and bothered with other things to worry about patients.  He takes the time to talk and listen and actually try to find out what your problem is and not just hurry to his next paycheck..I mean patient.  He is excellent and has helped me immensely.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	1	Dr. Sanjay Patel helped me immensely and cured my allegies and asthma!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	She runs late because she takes time to listen and understand.  She is willing to work with your ideas about health management but will tell you what she thinks.  	4	2	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
27	0	Loves to send you for test.  Doesn't listen to the patient and their feelings about the effects of medication on their system. 	2	2	3	2 	Insurance:Unknown
28	-1	this is the most incompetent dr. i have ever seen . he's rude . he types while your talking . he was not informative at all . i have chronic hives and i found more beneficial information online . dr patterson is behind the time . they charge me to come get my blood results . every vist you will have to pay. im no better now than when i began seeing this dr. i would not recommend dr patterson to anyone i care about . chronic hives is very frustrating and painful.  dealing with this dr is 	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
28	0	Dr. Patterson is very condescending and arrogant. If you are looking for doctor that actually LOOKS at you, he's NOT the guy. The staff does everything, he comes in...types on the computer and sends you on your way. The shot staff is wonderful. The office staff is ok.  	3	2	3	3 	Insurance:Anthem
28	0	After a week of being without my allergy medications and suffering terribly I went in to have allergy testing done. After sitting the in office for an hour I was told that I could not have my allergies tested today because my asthma was not up to par. Earlier that week I was told to go off of my Xyzal for 5 days and my singular the night before this caused my asthma to flair up. The nurse practitioner was shocked that I would go off this medication but after telling her her office told me to she did not listen and kept on informing me of why I could not get tested. So after a week of hives, runny nose, and migraines I go home with no answers. I will not longer be seeing this doctor any longer. I also did not even interact with the doctor and in all had to pay 50$ out of pocket. I was not happy with my visit to this office and do not recommend their services. 	2	4	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	Very intelligent and patient physician.  Office is family friendly! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
28	-1	David Patterson coded our visit, for insurance, as behavioral health rather than a traditional office visit and would not test my child for food allergies based on my own observations.  He was condescending and was not well versed in food allergies in children.  	5	5	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
28	1	The staff was very welcoming and helpful. Dr. Patterson is very knowledgeable, and i was feeling better with in a few hours after taking the medication he prescribed. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Patterson for at least 20 years.  My allergies are totally under control, thanks to injections and Dr. Patterson. My daughter is also a patient and we've made Dr. Patterson promise he won't retire until we die.   That will be tough, since I'm older! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
28	1	My 1 year-old son was bite in the eye by a dog- in the following year I saw 13 specialist and Dr. Patterson was the BEST- he made wonderful referals and most importantly listened.  He resolved all by issues.  He is the most knowledgable doctor I have ever visited.  He asked wonderful questions and did not blow me off as many others had.  I went to see him originally based on strong recommendations from several other moms.  All of them also had odd conditions that no one else could understand.  He solved each case.  His staff was always friendly and helpful- calls were always returned, and questions were always answered.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
28	1	I had a great experience and will send anyone who needs an allergist to see him.  He talked to me and we decided not to do allery testing at this time.  He didn't do the testing just to run up the bill and I really am thankful for that.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
28	1	I have been seeing Dr. Patterson for about 5 years now.  He has always been helpful and thoughtful.  He can seem distracted given that his office has everything computerized but I know he is listening because he answers my questions even though he is typing.  I take comfort that all of my information is on the computer and they use this for prescriptions as well.  I was first referred to him for cold induced urticaria but upon speaking to him about my son we both were tested for inhaled allergies and were both extremely positive and are now taking shots.  These have helped immensely.  Had it not been for the referral for the cold allergy (yep you can be allergic to cold temperatures) my son would still be struggling with Asthma and I would still be miserable every spring, summer and fall.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
28	0	From a technology standpoint, this office takes full advantage of new technologies and seems to have very up to date information regarding illnesses, trends, etc. On the flip side, I have been seeing Dr. Patterson for almost 3 years but sadly will begin a new search for an allergist. Over the years I have felt like he was very condecending and have tried to look past his bedside manner. I can no longer do that. This will be my first experience looking for a new Dr. unrelated to physically moving and needing to find new healthcare.  	3	3	2	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	1	I thought Dr. Patterson was very condescending and not at all compassionate.  I was there because I had been feeling horrible and needed some help.  He seemed to think that I was not that bad.....after being sick for over a month, I disagree.  I know how bad I have felt.  I would never go back to him.  	5	5	3	4 	Insurance:Anthem
28	-1	This guy is one of the worst doctors I have ever been to.  He is arrogant and does not listen to what you are saying.  He spends his time with you typing in his computer - which I think is rude.  His staff seemed fine, but I did not like his personal manner.  	4	4	1	2 	Insurance:Anthem
28	1	Extremely knowledgeable and thorough. Keeps up with the latest research and spends whatever time is necessary with patients.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
28	0	Until my positive food allergy results came back, Dr. Patterson seemed hesitant to believe me and my symptoms. He behaved as though I had no clue what I was talking about. When he called to give me the allergy test results, he gave no other instructions other than to avoid the foods I am allergic to. Thankfully, I had already done much research on my particular food allergies. In general, he was not very friendly.  	5	4	2	4 	Insurance:Anthem
28	1	Dr. Patterson has helped me control my asthma and therefore increased my quality of life. I can do the things that I like to do (such as run, swim...etc) symptom and worry free.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
28	1	Dr. Patterson is very attentive to my illness and my overall well being. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	Very knowledgeable and helpful. Definitely one of the best psychiatrists I've ever had. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	Very knowledgable.  Investigates every complaint thoroughly 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
31	1	Dr. Patel is a great doctor that listens to your symptoms, and gives very clear helpful advice on what medications to take and how best to take them.  His nurse makes sure that all directions are written down prior to leaving the office. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	0	WOULD NOT RECCOMEND. PLENTY OF OTHER DOCTORS AVAILABLE.  	3	1	2	3 	Insurance:Medicare
32	1	Dr. Patel is very kind and helpful.  He listened to me very carefully and was willing to spend time with me to explain my problems.   He is a great doctor 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
33	-1	didn't solve the problem. All they have me do was a hearing test and that's it.  	3	2	2	2 	Insurance:Aetna
34	1	Dr. Mike was by farthe most compassionate doctor doc I've met. He shares enough about himself to be on the same level, and yet maintains a professional distance. He is able to provide compassionate and competent care. When he relocated our family was sad to have to lose him. All of my friends had converted to him, and we all talked about how muchhe would be missed. Thanks Mike for caring.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
34	1	DR  MICHAEL  IS ONE OF THE BEST DR I HAVE SEEN. HE CARES ABOUT YOU.HE IS VERY KNOWLEDGEABLE ABOUT THINGS. HE SAVED MY LIFE.  THANK YOU FROM THE DOBRICKS 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
34	1	DR.PERSON IS A VERY CARING AND COMPASSIONATE DOCTOR.HE HAS HELPED ME THROUGH A LOT SINCE HAS BEEN IN THE COMMUNITY. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	Love Dr. Paas! She is excellent! Extremely knowledgable and patient 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	Dr. Paas is very knowledgeable and helpful. She helped deliver my baby and it went very well.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
35	1	She is the best, most compassionate doctor I have ever had.  She delivered my little girl and the whole experience so surpassed my expectations that it borders on surreal.  I see the other review of Dr. Paas and I am stunned.  I disagree completely.  She is extremely knowledgeable and eminently qualified.  I used to go to another OB, who actually became a family friend.  She chose to scale back her hours and I found myself in need of someone new.  Dr. Paas was her only recommendation.  She claimed not to know Dr. Paas really well but had heard so many good things about her that she was compelled to recommend her. Lucky for me she was accepting patients.  That won't last long.  If you want the best OB in Carmel/Noblesville/Westfield area, go see Dr. Paas and beg her to be your doctor.   You won't regret it!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
35	-1	Too young to know what she is doing. 	4	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	Dr Parks always was very helpful when I had to go see him. He also had very good bedside manners.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
37	-1	Pepple repeatedly misdiagnoses and prescribes pills instead of addressing the cause. Pleasant but no help. Not going back. 	4	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	He is a very good surgery doctor. He was very carring and on time. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	Dr. Pechin is the best, most personable, considerate doctor.  He is very smart and knows his medicine but has a soft approach.  In some cases, I would've liked to see him be more aggressive about treatments and ideas...instead, he wanted to wait things out and check results again in months following.  Usually, when I go to see a doctor, I want almost immediate results or at least an aggressive game plan.  Also, I've waited up to 2 weeks (and actually had to call his office) for test results that the hospital claimed was processed and faxed over to the office the same day.  Dr. Pechin's attitude and personality makes me want to keep seeing him and keep him as my physician but whether it's because he needs more staff or what....I do not believe his office is as organized as it could be.  Also, I would've liked Dr. Pechin to have a more aggressive role on treatment plans.  	3	3	3	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	1	I know this doctor to be very knowledgeable, kind and caring.  He helped me at a time in my life when nobody else could.  I highly recommend him to anyone needing a dermatologist. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
39	-1	Dr. was very rude my 7 yr old was crying he told her to be quiet. told me her warts were contagious told the school they were not told me on the phone later when i called to complain about him telling me the warts were contagious and telling the school they were not that my daughters crying could have caused him to go deaf! i do not believe he knows what he is doing or talking about and do not recommend anyone to take a child to see him! 	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
40	-1	Did surgery on wrong part of arm ,had to have surgery by different Dr to have problem corrected.Dr Money in my opinion 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	Specialist in hand surgery. Excellent job on my carpal tunnel surgery. Warm, approachable, informative. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	The Doc changed my life.  After 15 surgeries on both feet and a 16th scheduled I went to DR. Parmenter in the hopes that he could help me and he did.  He told me I didn't need the surgery and there was no reason why I couldn't be able to hike again, run with my labrador and enjoy being alive all with the simple solution of  custom shoes.  God BLess this good Dr. and I am thrilled that I came upon his path.  Thank You Doc....  	3	3	4	5 	Insurance:Anthem
41	1	My prayers were answered when I was introduced to Dr Matt Parmenter reference to my mother. My mother had got staph in her heel and her regular podiatrist (Which I would NEVER take her to again) was so adamant on AMPUTATION. Dr Parmenter put his arm around my shoulders and assured me that he would be able to help my mother WITHOUT Amputation.(and this indeed was succeeded.) Dr Parmenter is an absolute Angel on Earth. I highly recommend him to anyone that is in need of a podiatrist. (His partner is excellent also). This Dr gives 100% PLUS to his patients! Thanks again Dr Parmenter from the bottom of my heart. (for saving my mothers foot) and thanks to the wonderful Bloomington Wound Center. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	Dr. Parmenter is a very nice guy.  I've been seeing him for about a year. I have only 3 complaints. His staff can be rude.  Unless you have an early morning appointment you should expect to wait at least an hour after your appointment time to actually see him. And my last complaint is that even after a year we haven't gotten to the rout cause of my pain.  I've had to repeat tests (EMG), done physical therapy, and I've had surgery.  Great guy and I have confidence in him, but its getting annoying between the costs, pain and time. 	3	2	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	My husband would not have either foot today without Dr. Parmenter.  After spending an extended time in the VA system with no improvement and talk of amputation we left and starting going to Dr. Parmenter.  My husband had Charcot in his right foot and Dr. Parmenter correctly identified the problem with only a physical exam.  He treated with a zinc wrap and reduced the swelling that he had been dealing with in only 10 days.  My husband had been scheduled for a kidney transplant and the doctors would not do the surgery because they thought he had infection in his bone.  Even after Dr. Parmenter treated the problem and they was remarkable improvement they sent him to another specialist at George Town University Hospital in Washington D.C.  He looked at the foot and said it was indeed Charcot he okayed the surgery and told us &quot;You have an excellent foot doctor, he knows what he is doing.&quot;  He is the BEST around.  Excellent doctor with a special bed side manner that would be hard to beat.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
41	1	I drive round trip about one and a half hours to see him and it is very much worth the trip.  If it was not for him I would probably not be able to work.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
41	1	20 years ago, insurance clients told me he was a legend. Several of my clients with diabetes call him a &quot;miracle worker&quot;; he's saved a lot of limbs.6 years ago, I discovered as a patient that everything I'd heard was true. He provides world-class expertise &amp; has a fantastic &quot;bedside manner&quot;. First, I tore a tendon length-wise &amp; his expertise allowed me to avoid surgery. Then 5 years ago, I knew he was the perfect surgeon to do the bunion surgery that I'd dreaded having for years. He operated on both feet in one day, &amp; I needed no pain meds after recovery; 3 days later, I went out to dinner using only a cane, which is remarkable. (Being on crutches for weeks is common with other surgeons.)Today my feet are perfectly straight, just as he'd promised! Anyone with foot/ankle problems can do no better than meeting with him. He's compassionate and has expertise that's second to none.  He won't mention that he does surgeries all over the globe, or how many patents he has, but I will :) 	 10/6/10	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
41	1	Dr. Parmenter gave me back my life! After I realized my daily schedule was revolving around my foot pain, I made an appointment with him and he ordered an MRI to confirm his suspicion. I had foot surgery January 2008 and can't believe how much pain I was in now that it was gone. Recently I started to experience some problems in my other foot and made an appointment. I was given an injection and felt better almost instantly. He is extremely compassionate and caring for his patients.  His nursing staff is wonderful too! Very highly recommended! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
41	1	A very kind,patient and caring man. At once he put me at ease. He found my tendon problem that my reg.Ortho. Dr. couldn't , even w/ an MRI. But Dr.Parmentar found it immediately w/o even seeing the x-rays &amp; MRI first. Trying some physical therapy for now to avoid surgery, so far it is helping. First time in 3 mos. that the pain is easing. I would recommend him to anyone w/feet and ankle trouble.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
41	1	I was in a car accident as a child (13 years ago) that resulted in my left foot being entirely crushed. Not only did he save my foot, but I remember him to be the kindest and most patient doctor I have ever met. He made an otherwise terrifying experience more bearable because he took the time to talk to me and explain what was happening. I think about him every time I finish a run. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	He was very caring takes his time with you.No long wait to see him .Removed bone spurs two time now. No pain at all now.Staff was very helpful.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
41	1	I fell 19yrs ago. He has been able to keep me walking and the surgery was a complete sucess. I find him caring and kind. He has always shown me the up most respect and concern for my foot condition. His knowledge is of the highest on matters of unusual conditons of the foot and the repair of bone and problems of the foot. I traveled from Indianapolis in order to be treated by him. He is one of the best.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
41	0	Many years ago he did some good , though minor, work for me. However, recently he paid no attention to some minor complaints and did not elicit the pain I had when diagnosing my major complaint. He prescribed a gel that he invented himself, though it does have precedents. However, it had no effect on my pain and instead gave me an allergic reaction, even though I am not allergic to anything. When I called about that, his nurse said he would prescribe new medicines, but it seemed she (or he) didn't know much about them, as the instructions I got for one of them were contradicted by the manufacturer and the other was a super high potency steroid, which I didn't trust. I decided to use neither one of these new meds.  	4	4	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
41	1	He is by far the most respectful and knowledgeable doctor that I have met. He literally saved my leg and is the most skilled surgeon in his area of study.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
42	1	Dr. Perkins is a very good doctor.  Great listener.  Very timely. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	Dr. Perkins Is A Very Good Dr. He Has Helped  Me Alot!!!! I Hope He Is Around A Long Time!!!! Jerome J. Meser........  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
43	1	Dr. Pease is so very kind and knowledgeable.  She is willing to share her personal experience with pregnancy and labor to identify with her patients.  I find her to be compassionate but also very rational when it comes to making decisions or providing recommendations.   What a great doctor! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
43	1	Simply the BEST!!!!!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	Dr. Parsey is wonderful! He's knowledgeable, kind, and takes his time with you.  His staff and him are also wonderful with kids.   I would absolutely recommend him to anyone and everyone! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
45	-1	can't say why, don't need ramifications!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	The best when he does accupuncture. Sure knows what he is doing.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
47	-1	.  	2	1	1	2 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
47	1	Very helpful doctor.  Very personable.  Willing to sit down and discuss all your concerns, and definitely does not seem to rush you in any way in during the appointment.  Very well versed with not over recommending medications and versed with alternative forms of medications.  Of all the doctors that I have seen in my life, I send only high praise for this doctor.  In fact, I refer him to many of my new co-workers that move to my area of town.   They can only say all positive things about him! 	 3/4/09	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
48	1	Dr. Padgett is a wonderful doctor. All of my children have seen him...it's been over 18 years since we first went to him.  You just have to know how to take his quirky sense of humor ;) He is amazingly knowledgeable and like stated above, he will go above and beyond for your child.  He doesn't mess around when it comes to being pro-active and getting to the root of whatever issue your child may be facing. He is also one of the few doctors that doesn't mind chatting with you about off topic subjects and making jokes to calm the child (I think that is why some people are thrown off by him, they aren't used to doctors who actually &quot;talk&quot; to you).   For the record, my children have all enjoyed going to him and think he is quite funny :) 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
48	1	Dr. Padgett has a quirky sense of humor that some people may not get.  He connects extremely well with kids.  He isn't afraid to address the tough issues like sex and drinking, and he is one of the few doctors who actually shows up in the ER if one of his patients is seriously ill.  We always get right in if there is a problem, and he is super-knowledgeable and protective of his kids.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
48	-1	This guy is a nut.  My daughter's two year well baby check took an hour, most of the time we were talking about hunting, insurance fraud, and other non-related things.  I was looking around the room for the candid camera as it was so unreal.  He was condescending, insulting, and opinionated.  It was our first and last visit.  	4	3	2	2 	Insurance:Anthem
49	-1	He was rude and short to my daughter.  Acted as though he was better than us.  Didn't seem to care about our concerns and was just ready to get his day over.  	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	-1	I do not feel that Dr. Pappas listened to my concerns about my 1 year old's night terrors, large head orn sensory issues.  Dr Pappas simply said that he needed a strict schedule and that he would out grow things.  	2	2	1	2 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
49	-1	I never had a problem before until he refused to give her the medication that her PPCP gave her that helped her. He claimed he could not prescribe her a pain medicine because he doesn't believe in any type of it because he is a pediatric neurologist even though my daughter is 17 and her PCP gave it to her in the past with the Relpax and it really helped with the headache so she wouldn’t suffer debilitating pain. His lack of compassion caused my daughter to suffer tremendously and miss a final exam. I had to pay several hundred dollars in ER fees and ironically the physician there said it was absurd that Dr. Pappas wouldn't give her anything for pain, especially when it worked for her in the past, he said the best way to treat a migraine is by using what has worked before. I will no longer take my daughter to his practice. BEWARE of him and Dr. Patel.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Humana
49	1	This is by far the best Neurology group for children. We drive 1.5hurs just to be seen in this office.  They are worth the trip!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
49	1	Never had a bad experience in the past 4 years we have been seeing him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
49	-1	I feel Dr. Pappas is not compasionate of his patients or their parents. I feel he does not listen to me when I voice my concerns for my child. I feel that he does not go above and beyond to treat his patients. I also feel that he has passed his characteristics on to his partner Dr. Patel, who I feel is very unprofessional. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	Dr.Paul was very professional,with a wonderfull bedside manner,and takes time out of his busy shedule to answer questions,with the upmost honesty on your dx.My Husband had lots of symptoms,and led him to endoscopy doing and EGD,once results were in everything moved fast and smoothly,with Bisopsy showing Cancer.I would send anyone to Dr.Paul and his staff is wonderfull and professional also.Thanks to him his Cancer was found early.We are so Thankfull to have him on hubbies Dr. Team.Thankyou.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	1	I would hate to think I'd ever have to see anyone else.. he's WONDERFUL!!  Gentle, caring.. he LISTENS.. he's concerned.  An AWESOME doctor.  Can't think of any higher word to praise him and what he does, but if I could, I would!!  :) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	I see this dr personally and work with him in the hospital and he is very knowledgeable and professional.  His patients always feel comfortable with him and he frequently is able to cure/help his patients a great degree.  Much  better GI dr than the others in this area. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
51	1	I have been a patience of Dr. Paulsen for the last 18 years.  His knowledge, experience, patience, caring and ability to communicate in detail and able to answer any of my questions in a professional manner using a language that is easy for me to understand.  I highly recommend Dr. Paulsen to my family members and friends whom speak highly of him.  My sister was told that she never will be able to have children and after becoming a patience with Dr. Paulsen she was able to conceive and now her son is 7 years old.  The same thing happened for my friend after 10 miscarriages I recommended her to go with Dr. Paulsen and thanks God and the knowledge of Dr. Paulsen she is going thru her 2nd pregnacy safetely. Two of my mature friends are also his patience and as menopause is comming along he is able to help them with their symptoms and able to feel bette quickly and adjust to their new life style.   I am very glad that I am his patience and able to recommend him to anybody that I care for him 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
51	1	My son was a stillbirth.He was very comforting, and understanding...and took his time to listen. 	3	3	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
51	0	For some reason had this doctor twice- the first time he did not explain to me that I had ask for pain medication long before delivery and the second delivery he did not show up for so again I had NO pain medication.  I called him to inform him that I was in labor and when he hung up his phone it was off the hook and noone could reach him!  The police had to come to his house and again I was given NO pain medication even though it was in my plan because he could not approve it.  I am blessed however, as my son had the cord wrapped around his neck and if I would have had pain medication he might not have made it so it was a GOD thing for sure.  :) 	5	1	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
51	1	Excellent Doctor..great staff.   Desire to be helpful and staff goes out of their way to accommodate 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
51	0	Doctor Paulsen's attitude is very intimidating. He makes me uncomfortable.  	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
52	1	The doctor was knowledgeable, but was going to make me sign a 12 week contract for treatment saying I'd pay for 12 weeks even if I decided the treatments weren't helping me before the 12 weeks were over. I didn't feel comfortable with that situation, but the doctor and staff wouldn't work with me on a per treatment basis. All they seemed to care about was a guaranteed 12 week payment instead of making me feel better. I had insurance to cover every treatment, but the doctor still was going to make me sign a 12 week contract before he would treat me. I found a different chiropractor.  	1	3	3	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
53	1	Office is extremely over scheduled. They offer little or no flexiabity. Call for your medicine, it will be more than one day. Dr is great, listens well and offers a lot of options. Expect to wait, get your medicine online and have a solid clad life to keep you appt.  	3	2	4	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
53	1	Although the staff isn't real professional, I'm there to be seen by Dr. Pei whom i find to be an excellent Dr. very thorough, never a long wait, always friendly, explains different alternatives for the long term. 	2	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	I do think the staff needs to assist more readily, however, Dr Pai always takes time with me when I need it. If nothing drastic is different he gets me in and out but I find him personable and with good humor even.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
53	-1	The staff continues to talk to each other even when you walk in the office, that is not patient first, maybe the staff can work on patient first. Dr. needs to be a little more caring and at least ask how are you doing with eye contact and truely mean it. Our visit was not more than a minute we walk in he tells us he'll fill the prescription and we are on our way. He did not even sit down, 2 feet in the door and bye. Most people that go to him are in pain not second rate citizens like he makes you feel. You can tell he's just in it for the money. 	3	5	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	. Best Glaucoma Specialist ever 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
55	-1	Dr. Pannunzio failed to be proactive in my care which prolonged my treatment. His failure to respond to my concerns for almost 2 months resulted in additional surgery, invasive procedures, and OT. It more than doubled my expected recovery time. Instead of listening to my concern, he became defensive and condescending. Office staff were friendly and helpful; however, his nurse was not. She failed to provide me with pertinent information regarding procedures then placed blame on me. Medical notes written by both Dr. Pannunzio &amp; his nurse are full of errors, omissions, &amp; inconsistencies.  	1	3	1	3 	Insurance:Workers Comp
56	0	 	2	4	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	Dr Pandya, is very knowledgable and professional. He has a great bed side manner, and he makes his patients feel as comfortable as possible.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
58	1	he was very friendly, helpful.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
59	1	For insurance purposes we had to find a new doctor and I'm so pleased we found Dr. Peterson and his friendly office staff. What a relief to find a doctor who is actually interested in your issues and knows what he's going to do about them.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
60	0	Dr. Patel is an average family doctor - nothing remarkable about him, nothing bad either.  Just average.  Dr. Patel's &quot;anti prescription-narcotic&quot; approach to pain management is questionable.  Dr. Patel's staff tends to overschedule and can be unpleasant.  If you don't have other things to do and don't mind waiting, Dr. Patel is an acceptable doctor.  If you have a busy schedule, you may wish to consider other doctors.  	1	1	3	3 	Insurance:Medicare
61	1	I saw Dr Perler for foot pain after an injury.  He tried non-surgical approaches first until we determined that surgery was needed.  Great presence in the office and pre/post surgery.  He took the time I needed and explained thoroughly what was going to happen.  Very personal.  I feel he is very up on new and advanced procedures and has a great drive to heal with minimal invasive procedures.  I am confident that I chose the right doctor for my issue and would highly recommend him.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
61	1	I feel I needed better instructions for after surgery.  I was told to not take my boot off untill I went back to the dr and therefore slept in it for 3 nights until I could not take it any longer and then was told on my first post surgery visit I could have taken it off at night.   These instructions should have been written out to me and not expect your driver to relay correct information 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
61	1	Dr. Perler goes the extra mile to assure his patients get top, personalized care.  He listens, he follows through, and he knows his business inside and out.  Plus, his staff is very caring and thorough.  He did foot surgery on me despite my myriad of problems with anesthesia and he went out of his way to work with my therapist and anesthesiologist to minimize the problems.  I never had a minute of pain afterwards.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
61	1	Dr. Perler performed two reconstructive surgeries on my son, one on me and I have one yet to be done. In my lifetime I have suffered with debilitating foot, ankle and leg pain (my son inherited the same deformity). I have been treated by at least a half dozen Podiatrist, none of whom could help me the way that Dr. Perler has. Dr. Perler is a true gentleman who knows how to communicate concepts to his patients very well, to enable and empower them to make informed decisions regarding treatment options. I have found him to be on the very cutting edge, offering the very best and newest technology as well as the tried and true established treatments. He takes as much time as necessary to ensure that his patient's questions are answered. I cannot recommend him highly enough.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
61	1	Awesome Dr that goes way above and beyond to provide the best and most comfortable care possible.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
61	1	One of the best Doctors I have ever been to. Very caring and wants to do what is in the patients best interest. I went through 4 surgeries with him and would go back if I ever needed to. I would recommend Dr. Perler and his staff to anyone who is having any kind of issues with their feet. He will work with you to ensure proper treatment for your problems.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
62	1	Dr. Pesavento operated on my husband several years ago. He saved his life.  We owe him everything.  Thank you 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
62	-1	Dr Pesavento was more inclined to indulge himself with sexual innuendo about my breast size than he was prepared to give my case proper attention. 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
63	-1	My husband had a stroke right in his office and he absolutely refused to call an ambulance, I did not have a cell phone, he just told me to drive him to the emergency room. I have panic and anxiety but I had to drive him there myself, I got him there without incident..but I was lucky, what if something worse had happened to him while I was driving him to ER. Also they seem to schedule everyone at 1pm but from there on it is first come first serve, why bother giving out appointment times. 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
63	-1	This doctor needs and will be investigated for failure to provide basic paitent services and for failure to refer paitents to specialists which in turn has put more than one patient in jeopardy.  Avoid this doctor at all cost...  	2	4	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
63	-1	will write orders on you while in the hospital and never step in your room. Will consult every specialty just to give his friends a piece of your insurance money. 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	A great doctor.  Very knowledgeable, and  helpful.  He listens to what the patients have to say. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	She is a great dentist!! Would defiantly recommend for people of any age.  Very sweet lady! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
66	1	The best.  	4	3	4	5 	Insurance:Medicare
67	-1	Not an ounce of warmth. Made crack about ethnicity. Could not substantiate any of his &quot;observations&quot; and became verbally combative when asked to do so. Too old and self-satisfied.  	3	4	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
68	1	I have had several surgeries with Dr. Payner within a 2 year span.  I could not imagine having a more professional and caring doctor.  His personality is charismatic, not to mention he is easy on the eyes.  Thanks Dr. Payner for giving me not one, but two second chances in life. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	Dr. Pearson is very knowledgeable and passionite. I have been a patient of Dr. Pearson for nearly 20 years and I have never had a problem. The office is very concerned about every individual and will work to meet your needs. I would recommend this office to anyone. Thank you for some many dedicated years! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
70	-1	She seemed irritated at all my child's issues. Because she has so many, and has suffered for so many years, I was told it was probably all in her head. Okay, we have stress at home, but come on. Just because there was no pain the second we were in the office doesn't mean she doesn't suffer from pain. And don't roll your eyes at me when my child tells you she might not be able to run down the hall because her back might hurt. It hurts sometimes, (often) not 24/7. If the MRI finds anything, another doctor will look after my child, not this woman.  	5	5	1	3 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
70	1	Good and friendly 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
71	1	my father was referred to Dr. Pallone several years ago for Parkinsonism. She has been such a blessing. She is very caring, and takes the time to explain to my father what his condition is, and is always open to questions.  She has the best personality of any neurologist I have ever met!I would highly recommend her to anyone looking for a highly qualified doctor.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
71	1	Will spend all the time you want answering any and all questions. Really listens to what you say. Will personally return phone calls within 24 hours.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
72	1	Great doctor. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	Very impressed with Dr. Patel. I would highly recommend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
73	1	Dr. patel is the best Gastro doc in town! he is highly knowledgable, very very helpful and knows his stuff. Love the office staff too, they are extremely professional.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
73	0	He seems uninterested,and his staff repeatedly fails to call to make procedure appointments that Dr. Patel says I need for cancer prevention.The receptionist even makes decisions if a procedure is needed without consulting with the doctor. It is now advised from my insurance provider for me to change gastroenterologists.I'm very disapointed in his staff and they dont seem to even care. 	2	4	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	Dr. Patel is a wonderful and intelligent doctor. Very knowledgeable.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
73	0	I have visited Dr. Patel numerous times in the past.  He does not seem to really listen to what you are saying.  I do not feel like he truly cares about his patients and I will not be returning to him in the future. 	4	3	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	Nice staff. Minimal waiting (I was plesently surprised!) Dr. Patel listened to me and took time to explain things.  It seemed like he actually cared.  This is a guy who strikes me as really knowing his stuff.   On my first visit he gave me a prescription for my life-long gastroenterology problems that works miracles! (when multiple other doctors spent years trying to figure out how to help me but couldn't bring me much relief!) 	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:Anthem
73	1	Excellent doctor. Friendly and helpful office staff. Always on time.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
74	1	Dr. Pataluch gives an excellent and thorough eye exam, taking time to explain what and why he is doing and the terms he uses.  He has performed my exam for the past 15 years and always has fitted me with comfortable and correct prescription contacts. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
75	1	I disagree with 1/29/09. Dr. Pellow is the best psychiatrist I have ever worked with! She helped me overcome Major Depression with the highest degree of compassion and professionalism. I highly recommend her if you are feeling blue! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
75	-1	One of the most cold, uncaring psychiatrists I've ever met. After a year of having her mess with my medications that I'd been on for five years previously with no problems, I stopped telling her anything and just went in to get my prescriptions and then took the dose that my former psychiatrist had prescribed me (she had come in as his replacement somewhat abruptly).  When I told her I didn't care about school anymore she looked at me like I was an idiot and said, &quot;don't you want to get a job and make something of yourself&#63;&quot; No, it's just that I have depression and as a result have zero motivation for everyday activities. Avoid at all costs. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
76	1	She is always caring and gives great instructions.I have never been misdiagnosed. She takes the extra time to help you.  I never feel rushed or like I'm a number. I wish she took new patients more often.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
76	1	Excellent and very caring and practical 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
77	-1	She paid more attention to her computer monitor and cell vs me. My physical complaints weren't addressed as being imp thus I ended up in ER within 12 hrs of my visit. She'd rather be your friend vs your Dr&#63;&#63;&#63; Seeing another internist and very happy. 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
77	-1	I went for an annual. She spent all her time behind the computer. She didn't even examine me. She just went over the results of my tests which I could have done online.  She is hard to understand not only because she has a thick accent, but she mumbles. No patient-doctor interaction at all. She doesn't listen to you at all. I went to see her about a persistant cold several months ago. She kept insisting the sore throat I had was from esophagus reflex which I am already on a  med. for from a gastro doc. She prescribed an additional med. This is not the first time I've seen her. I called this morning  and switched doctors. Who knows if the next will be any better. It's a crap shoot with HMO's.  	2	3	1	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
77	-1	Dr. asked questions that was on medical form which wasted time then she never completed physical, then rushed us out when it was time for her next appointment. Very disappointed in service.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:HealthPartners
78	1	Dr. Park is a very good doctor. He spends a lot of time with his patients, when my husband commented on that he said he was lucky because he really loved his job. I have never felt uncomfortable or rushed asking questions. He is the first doctor i have ever been to that i have actually left his office with suggestions to help myself and not just medications.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
79	-1	This doctor never answered any of my aunts questions. The only thing out of his mouth was &quot;I don't know which came first, the chicken or the egg&quot; and this was very annoying! My aunts second visit she was 13 minutes late and he refused to see her even though the waiting room was empty. The only thing this doctor did for my aunt was make her go through more pain! Do not waste your time or money on this doctor! 	1	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	Dr. Parent has been seeing my daughter since she was a new born in the hospital and has been so helpful that most people in my family that have children are now seeing her when a doctor is needed. I rated this high because she has been so helpful with everything and caught something that could have made my daughter have walking problems, but because she caught it, my baby girls problem is being corrected before it has a chance to cause problems.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
81	1	Dr H. Patel has time to explain all the Medical issues and has a keen sense of humor. He has always been very helpful and kind.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unicare
82	1	the very best doctor we ever had .and the staff is very caring 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
83	1	Great Doctor. Very knowledgeable about procedure. Punctual and friendly.  	3	4	4	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
83	-1	. Very rude,smart aleck, yelled at me, not knowledgeable about my file or condiion even on 2nd visit,  Extremely rude!Physically upset my daughter 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
84	1	I love this Doctor he is amazing. He is very helpful and caring. Never leaves the room till all your questions are answered. Very Professional!!! Great bedside manner!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	Dr. Patel very helpful during a very difficult time. Seemed to really care about the patient and the parents.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
84	1	i really enjoyed this DR. He was very helpful and very smart.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HIP
84	1	Dr. Patel is the most caring and thorough Dr. that I have ever visited. He treats the entire person and personally supervises and coordinates all care by other doctors. This man has made my life so much better by his dogged determination to treat the whole body and person. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	Take time to see and listen to you. Discuss helth problem in detail. Knoledgeable and avoid       un-nasasary test.  	2	4	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
84	1	I have traveled all over the country and he is one of the best I've seen. He is knowledgable, listens well, has a good &quot;bedside manner,&quot; and treats you with respect. I've moved from Ft. Wayne to Indianapoilis but still travel back for my quarterly visits! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
85	1	Dr. Patterson was very professional and knowledgeable and very quick to get to problem, tests run and surgery scheduled in a very efficient manner. I would definitely recommend him to all my friends and family needing his services.  Thank you Dr. Patterson.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
86	-1	She went to an unaccredited Medical School in the Islands, temporarily lost her admitting rights at a local hospital, fired by the Vectren Clinic and sued for wrongful death...Good Luck! 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	Dr. Kelly is the best DR. I have ever had. She sits down, takes time to really listen. She engages in your situation and shows her compassion and willingness to help find any solution to make me feel better. She seems interested in my progress and makes me feel like I'm important and not just another patient. I've never had a DR who I feel this way about. I trust her and I appreciate the effort she takes in helping me find that place where I am whole again. She is the best and I would recommend her to EVERYONE.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
86	0	She isnt bad but always running late!! Her office staff is awful. She is loosing three patients with my family switching doctors. If you need papers faxed over dont count on it happening. If you need to get in today because you are sick dont count on it happening either.  	1	3	1	4 	Insurance:CIGNA
86	1	Kelly is wonderful!!!  Not such a fan of the office staff, but it's worth it to have her as my Dr. 	2	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
86	-1	Staff is always horrible to patients. Wait time from the time you step into the office until the time you leave is normally 1 hour and 45 minutes. I have been a patient for 3 years.  	1	1	2	2 	Insurance:Anthem
86	1	She has been my doctor for many years and she has always been great. She is late,but she takes a lot of time with you and always makes you feel as if she really cares about you and your health.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
86	1	Kelly is wonderful!  Her staff and herself take so much time with her patients (which causes her to run late sometimes) but you can not beat it!  She seems to really care about her patients, and never makes you feel rushed.  Because of this she sees myself, my son and husband.  We could not ask for a better family doctor.  She is one of the best in the area.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
87	1	bedside is awesome,very thoughtful,caring,patient,listens. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	Very friendly, attentive and caring... would recommend to anyone 	4	5	5	4 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
88	-1	I would love to write exactly why we're giving this doctor a low rating, but our complaints would take too long to explain, but it has to do with his inability to start a catheter in my father resulting in great pain and suffering.  We were very angry with this doctor's lack of sterile procedure, too.  What should have been a simple procedure ended up in an overnight stay in intensive care. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	Physician is highly knowledgeable and experienced. Listens to patient. Realizes the futility of redundant testing. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	Dr. Peterson is by far the most professional Doctor I've ever seen and at the same time he has an outstanding and personable bedside manner.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
89	1	Dr. Peterson is amazing, I never have to wait over 20 minutes from the time I enter his office to examination. He isn't afraid to refer me to a specialist if needed. He is very knowledgeable, kind and compassionate. He even made an appointment and provided me with directions (from mapquest)when I needed to see a specialist. I am impressed.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
89	1	Dr.Peterson has been our family doc for about 10 yrs now and I wouldn't trade him for all the tea in China! He has a very good bedside manner and makes you feel at ease, even if your'e a chicken! He takes his patients very seriously and does follow ups promptly and accurately.  Great Doctor! highly recommended! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
89	1	Dr. Peterson is the best family practitioner around! He is courteous, professional, friendly, intelligent, genuinely concerned, etc... I would definitely recommend him to anyone looking for a new doctor. I drive almost 35 minutes to go to his office. He is very nice and makes you feel comfortable in asking any question. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
90	0	Old school doctoring, don't ask questions. He's not warm or friendly. He talks down to you. 	5	5	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
91	-1	Because of Dr. Paul's negligence, I am likely to die of oral squamous cell cancer that metastasized to the lungs after a long and tough cancer treatment once the cancer was discovered by another oral surgeon in the area. His failure to perform a biopsy when called for and his greedy outlook is likely to cost me my life. 	 9/14/09	3	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	Dr Paul is an Oral &amp; Maxillofacial surgeon. He does excellent work, and he cares about his patient's feelings. I had a bad experience with another oral surgeon before seeing him. I was really worried that I would end up in chronic pain again, so he saw to it that I wouldn't. He even sent flowers to me in hopes to chear me up. What a NICE doctor:) 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
92	-1	His staff is extremely rude and even harder to get ahold of. No one ever actually answers the phone you just have to play phone tag for days to get test results even if they are abnormal. Dr Perry himself is a nice man but totally useless as far as helping with TTC issues, he got too focussed on non-issues and did little to no testing before saying I 'must' have PCOS.  	2	4	2	2 	Insurance:Aetna
92	1	I had my first baby at 42 years old. Dr. Perry was very helpful to me and caring. He delivered my son via c-section. In the beginning I was having problems with his staff but I do love Dr. Perry. I recommend him to anyone.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
92	-1	I am having trouble conceiving. When I asked for treatment options he said he knew of none for my particular issue. The only option he gave me was invitro, but with my condition it wouldn't likely work. When I asked for a historectomy, he said he wouldn't do it.  	5	4	1	3 	Insurance:Humana
92	1	Dr Perry has delivered my 3 soon to be 4 babies. I appreciate the fact that when I am in his office I feel like I am the only concern he has at that time.  He never seems to be rushed and is always willing to take the time not only to answer my questions but explain the answer so that I get a better understanding.  I trust him whole heartedly in whatever decision he makes. I have had a few different difficulties with my pregnancies including a miscarriage and a blood clot he has gone above and beyond in all aspects.  He is very sympathetic and shows great concern.  I would HIGHLY recommend him to anyone.   I wish I could see him as my regular doctor not just my obgyn!  He is the BEST!! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
92	1	Dr. Perry was very kind.  I had an emergency C-Section with my first child because I have a small pelvis and I pushed for a while, his heart rate dropped so he was put in ICU.  Dr. Perry didn't want to take a chance with it happening with my daughter so he went ahead and did a c-section.  Afterwards he checked up with me often to see how I was and how my daughter was.  I reccomend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
92	1	Delivered both of my kids, excellent dr and staff. Up-to-date on treatments and procedures, would highly recommend to anyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
92	-1	Not very helpful after hystorectomy with complications.  Won't recommend 	2	2	1	2 	Insurance:HealthPartners
92	1	Dr. Perry made my pregnancy wonderful! He was always concerned about how I was feeling and he addressed every concern that I had, no matter how small.  He was very professional through my labor and delivery! I recommend him to anyone I know! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
92	1	Dr Perry was extremely knowledgable and helpful in regards to personally diagnosing and performing my hysterectomy. His calming attitude and attention to medical detail helped my husband and I feel confident and at ease with the surgery/recovery. At no time did I ever feel that he was condescending and impatient.  He was great! 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
92	1	He is a great doctor very caring friendly doctor.I am very pleased that I found him 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	. Very friendly and caring, helped me thru infertility and 2 pregnancies, calm demeanor, so glad I found him to deliver my babies! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
92	1	Very up-to-date, very friendly, loves children, always wants you to bring your children whom he's delivered to see them growing up. He and his wife are wonderful doctors. Very tactful and patient.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
92	1	Very kind, concerned, knowledgeable. Very gentle, intelligent man. Young doc with old-fashioned values. Pro-family.  Highly recommend!!!! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
92	-1	Condescending, unconcerned about C-section preferences for stitches vs staples and after using staples, no concern about an incision still open after 5 weeks. 		4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
93	1	Dr. Kirk Parr was waiting for me when I was transported by helicopter from Marion to Indy after suffering massive heart attacks. Both times he held my hand and explained what was happening and what procedure during surgery he would perform. In the last 4 years he has performed three surgeries on my heart and I am now quite active and healthy because of this intelligent and talented doctor. 	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
94	1	. extremely nice staff very knowledgeable  highly recom 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
94	1	Excellent opthalmologist--very punctual--very nice office staff. Knowledge of optics excellent! Would highly recommend! 	 3/5/09	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
95	1	I have gone to Dr. Paris for 8 years. His service was great until Lutheran Health bought the practice roughly a year ago. Now, appointments feel rushed, the service is poor and Dr. Paris, himself, rushes through your meeting. You leave wondering if you even had a chance to explain how you were feeling. I have decided to leave his practice. 	4	2	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
95	1	Dr. Paris is a caring doctor.  My visits never seem rushed.  He takes the time to listen.  His staff is excellent.  Appointments are on time.  Diagnosis is correct and treatments are affective.  Excellent doctor. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
95	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
96	1	Dr. Patterson is a lovely woman and a great doctor. Unfortunately, she works so few hours (she's also a dedicated mother) that it is often difficult to get an appointment. When I was at my sickest (gall bladder) she and her nurse (Jenny) went above and beyond the call of duty for me. I can't praise her bedside manner enough. She's knowledgeable, compassionate, and not afraid to say she doesn't know something, but you can be assured she will find out, or will find someone who knows the answer.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
