dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	Dr. Daffron is very pleasant, knowledgeable, and customer oriented. I would recommend him to anyone.I even took my daughter to him! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	Dr. Brian Daffron is all about the Patient. He is almost always on schedule, his Office Staff always gets up in when you need it most. Dr. always listens to what you have to say, so he can do his best to help you. In fact I will be going to see him this afternoon @ 4 PM.. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	He always makes time to work me in. Never forces a series of sessions on anyone 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	compassionate.  very personable and kind.  Office staff equally as nice 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	I've been using Dr. Del Pilar for quite a while, and when I found this site I was quite confused by the low marks the practice has received. There's quite a few new faces working there, and everyone seems friendly and eager to help. The wait times have gone down drastically, with my normal visit taking under an hour. The office can be busy during peak times, but it's nothing like an ER or Med Point visit. The Doctor is very knowledgeable, and I feel that I get accurate advice from him. In the past year I've noticed a bit improvement in overall service from this practice, and I would encourage anyone who had a bad experience to give it another shot. 	 9/7/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
3	0	I took my daughter to see him on an urgent basis. I explained numerous times how poor her insurance was but he ordered extensive, unnecessary testing that would have cost us thousands of dollars out of pocket. He didn't even tell us what he was ordering, just sent us to the clerk to get testing scheduled. I am a nurse and when I asked what was being ordered, I refused the majority of the testing. He was thorough in his exam but had to do a rectal exam on my 20 year old daughter and he could have been a little less rushed doing it, it was extremely painful for her. The staff at the waiting room are very rude and impatient. My daughter won't be going back there again.  	1	3	2	3 	Insurance:CIGNA
3	-1	It is completely absurd to schedule more patients than the doctor can handle!!!! I can't believe this is how Del Pilar's facility runs!  The waiting time is the worst!  It does't get any better by the time the Doctor gets to you because you are in and out with the blink of an eye.  He doesn't explain anything about your issues and if you dare ask a question he will schedule you for another visit.  I've been to two visits with this Doctor and they will definitely be my last!  He doesn't seem concerned about your problems, he's just worried about dealing with the next patient to only do the same thing to him/her!  Not worth making your primary doctor.  10 thumbs down!!!!  Truly unbelievable!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
3	-1	Very poor communication between DR. and staff.  Would never recommend.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	-1	He Sucks, very rude when you don't agree with him or have questions&#63; Never gets down to your problem in the the few min he's in the room with you Runs test that dont matter to your problem at the time wonts you to come back the next day wait another three hrs.  I've changed doc I've got serious med issues and his done nothing but made them wrose! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
3	-1	 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	I thought I did this once but it is not showing so will do it again.  I think Dr. delpilar is fantastic.  He is kind, gentle and knows in a heartbeat what the problem is.  Many comments say he doesn't take time etc.  He is fast and I am not looking for a babysitter.  I want a good doctor that knows what he is doing.  That is Dr. Delpilar!  Office is super busy so obviously all the people in the office that were waiting with me thought he was worth the wait as well.  Wholeheartedly recommend him to family and friends.  	 2/12/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	-1	 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
3	-1	Doc has always been good to me however, just lately the service is horrible by all. Doc delivered my youngest son who is now 18. I have cervical cancer even though I had a complete hysterectomy in 1999. I just found out in Oct. through a phone call my cancer went from stage 1 to 3 but his CEO would not allow me to be treated with out paying $350.00. Lost job in Sept and insurance and can't afford that kind of money. I explained that to her and she did not care if I was treated all she wanted was the money. What happened to the Oath they take. I have had good treatment from the nurse practioners in the office and unfortunately after 18 years am now looking for a different doctor. As the practice grew the patient care disappeared.  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
3	1	. Office does not return calls, wait times can be long, usually exceed 3 hours for total visit time 	1	2	3	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
3	-1	Agree with others- The wait time is just out of control. Doctor in and out, didn't listen at all. I thought I was dealing with insurance fraud at first with all the charges coming in, but after a lot of phone calls it was Del Pilar billing for anything they could think of, for a preschoolers stomach ache! Staff uncaring, unfriendly. The best though, is from my last visit. The medical assistant (a student getting in her hours) freaked my kids out! She was going to take a flu and strep swab on both of them, she told them how it would hurt and be uncomforable. She said I have to stick this waaay up there (flu swab) for a few seconds and you won't like it. Ditto for the strep test. I was furious! Did she have any experience with kids!!! You should have seen their faces, they were so scared after this. For a simple test. Anyhow, don't even bother with this office. 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
3	-1	One word HORRIBLE. My advise go somewhere, anywhere else! Unless you like having test that you do not need. And never get your problems taken care of. And you will need to remind him of the medicine that you are taking and he will not know what dosage you are taking. Horrible, horrible, horrible.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	0	He is is a good doctor but he does not take the time to see his patients. However, his nurse practicioner Tammy Anderson is a wonderer and when i had the swine flu she was the one who found out not the doctor. BTW Yes the blood takers are idiots. and one got in trouble for screwing me up.  hehe they deserved that 	1	1	1	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	-1	Too busy to listen and does not pay enough attention to detail. IE: giving meds that make the problems worse. Was a good doctor years ago but ended up only caring about the $$. Unfortunately, greed will be the end of this doctor if he does not stop! 	2	1	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
3	-1	The techs who draw blood are inexperienced and have trouble with the task of locating a vein-time wasted and pain that could have been avoided. They are rude and at the least unprofessional.  The last time I went in was for a problem with my toe, for which the Medical Assistant was told by the doctor (who didn't bother to drop in) to take a sample of my toe nail. She couldn't find the scissors (after an hour!) and I was sent home with no exam, no relevant test, and no treatment. You also have to hassle them for lab results. They won't call you. I've also run into repeated paperwork and endless, repetitive questioning. Does the office even keep a file on me&#63; 	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
3	-1	i have no idea on this earth HOW this man is in business.worst medical (or any other business) ive EVER encountered on ALL levels. and i agree with all other comments posted here. they are ALL true, as they have happened to me SEVERAL times. i didnt go back. people all over northern indiana speak badly of him.  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	-1	he have no clue  about service mean im still owe him 632dll but i dont know what its my health problem  i been on time all my app but i have to wait for about 8 hours every single time its ridiculous they only want to make money they dont care about your health i been there at list 5 times and he never remember my name or why i was there 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
3	-1	ive waited there for 8 hrs before and stillhad to come back the nest day.he charged me for 2office calls.then spent less than 10 SECONDS with me.this isa regular thing. allhis pts talk aboutit. hes an air head,cant remember anyting,gets meds wron,and ALL he cares aboutis making money.calls for tests by the hundreds,for EVERYONE because they are all in his med center. andit is HIS.all his other help is great. esp lynn and tammy.has a good bedside manner,hes very likable as a person,but not a dr. has ADHD or something.theres also an older lady pediatrician thats awful too. she gets an F on all counts.  had to see her in immediate care (in delpilars building) and ALL ahe talked about was hersocial security amount!!! this place sucks 	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	-1	I have had two appointments with Dr. (and I use this term loosely)Delpilar and willl NEVER go back. Between the two appointments I have logged 5 hours of my time to have him actually in the exam room about 8 minutes. Not at each visit-TOTAL of the two visits. AND did not address the problem I went in for. I was ignored and treated as if I had no basis for my complaint. He got his billable time I guess thats all that matters to him. My health problems certainly don't! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	Dr. Del Pilar is a great doctor.  He is very knowlegable and caring, but his staff is rude, inconsiderate and organization is their biggest weakness. They have lost my blood results and I had them redone &quot;No Cost&quot;.  Well, I received a bill from the lab that did my tests and it is still not resolved.  It has been since January of 2008 when this became an issue.  I am currently looking for a new doctor, not because of the doctor himself, but because of the staff. 	1	1	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	I highly recommend Dr. Randolph (Davenport). After her testing of my 8 year old son, she knew things about him and how he thinks that I thought only I knew.  She is professional and unbelievably knowledgeable. I can't can't say how thankful I am to have her evaluation to guide me in helping my son grow up with his condition as unscathed as possible.  I am so pleased! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
5	-1	Mother (age 65) had a physical exam with Doctor Delbello to inquire about a pain in her right side.  He felt it and said “it was Okay”. Also for feeling light headed for a long time, he stated that she “should just suck on some hard candy till it passed”. After seeing a nurse at the health clinic about blood in her stole she made her second appointment with Dr. Delbello needing a referral for a colonoscopy that he denied her knowing our family has a history of colon cancer. With nothing she could do without a referral for the insurance. Five months later she passed out while at lunch with her sister. She took mother to The ER. After a blood test, she had internal bleeding and received 4 pints of bloods to save her life. The ER doctor ordered a colonoscopy before being released from the hospital. She was then sent to see the surgeon. She has since under gone surgery to remove a large portion of her colon. She was diagnosed with stage two colon cancer.  	1	4	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
5	-1	My mother had hard time breathing, he sent her home.  had my sister not been a nurse and insisted she go to the er she would have not lived through the night. she also was elderly, seems like a pattern. 	2	5	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
5	-1	He is a unfit to be licensed as a M.D. He ordered an injection for my elderly father and then had the RN switch injections which put my father into a coma. He died within days. My brother witnessed this and will swear before Jeseus Christ that this happened. The midnight RN at Parkview Hospital in Fort Wayne told me Dr. Debello was unfit and despised by the staff at Parkview but, could not get rid of him due the current medical laws in Indiana. The injected drug name was smeared out on my dad's medical chart. He told my family that my dad have lived long enough. Dr. Debello should be put in prison for the rest of his natural life.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
5	-1	He put in an unnecessary pic line in my 84 year old father.  He did not know his treatment status.  He did not order appropriate lab work.  He is a monster, especially if you try to ask him any questions.  He told me that my dad may never leave the nursing home and that no one lives forever.  He acks like a petulant child and you have to really wonder about a man who has to constantly tell you how good he is.  He not only talks to himself but he answers himself.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
5	1	i can't believe the comment about him. he takes care of alot of crazy people and i suspect that nurse or pseudonurse has what we call in the insurance business a pre-existing condition. he tells it like it is and some people cannot deal with it 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	Very informed and knowledgeable.  Gives best quality of care to his patients.  Highly recommend him to all. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	Althow I had to pay an arm and a leg the service I receved was great care. I don't know if I was one of his prefered patient's but I have to say, in comparison with some other doctors I have been sent to, I have receved thourough, and punctual. 	3	5	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
5	-1	The receptionist continued talking on the phone to order a sandwich instead of greeting or addressing a patient waiting to see the doctor. The doctor's demeanor throughout the visit was curt, abrupt, and rude, extremely unprofessional. I would not recommend him as his bedside manner is exceptionally brutal. 	1	3	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
5	-1	This man is a monster. I am a nurse who has had the misfortune to have worked a several nursing homes where he was on staff. This man wrote out and signed the &quot;body release&quot; for the mortician on a patient on a Friday night because his son had a soccer or baseball game and he &quot;didn't want to be bothered&quot; over the weekend. She died Sunday night. He is obnoxious to any nurse who questions him, talks down to family and the patients themselves and takes great joy in having nurses cry and get jittery around him. I wouldn't allow him to treat my dog for fleas. I observed his tactics for 6 months and saw a pattern of drugging the elderly with everything their Medicare or private insurance would pay for and basically leaving them to rot in the bed. I have yet to see any of the patients he is assigned to improve their condition or quality of life. The facilities that employ him as their &quot;Staff Dr.&quot; should be shut down. They know EXACTLY who and what he is and as long as the check clears.. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
5	-1	He said my father would never go home from the hospital, he arranged to have him put in a nursing home, we had him put in rehab instead(even though he said we were wasteing our time) and now he is doing well at home. Dr. DelBello told me my father was failing and I just needed to come to terms with it because he would be gone soon. That was 18 months ago and he is doing of now. (he told me this in front of my father.) 		2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
5	0	He does need to work on his bed-side manner as he is not polite to his patients. It took me a few years to realize this. 		3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	Had heard good things about this dental office so I decided to see first hand or rather decided to have my 2 year old find out for me! Megan, Jenny, Dr. Derrow--no  matter who you talk to in the office they are super friendly, caring people. They are extremely patient with their patients. Obviously an important trait when working with young kids. The office is, of course, kid-friendly with the wooden bead toy and the beautiful aquarium, even the animal-themed benches that the kids lie on for their dental work. Plus, how nice is it to have a whole slew of adults singing Wheels on the Bus to help your daughter relax&#63;! *Tip* I would advise taking your child in during your own dental appt. 1st so they can know what to expect (worked wonders in our case). My only &quot;con&quot; would be for the dental staff to start teaching even their youngest patients the proper names for the equipment, teeth, etc. So instead of Mr. Thristy, let's teach them what it's actually called. Highly recommend this office! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	First off Dr. Davis is NOT male, Dr. Davis is female and a wonderful doctor.I highly recomment her. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	Dr. Davis saved my life. Three other physicians and the staff at Memorial Hospital misdiagnosed a DVT for cellulitous. If it wasn't for Dr. Davis, the bloodclot would have gone to my heart or lungs and possibly killed me. She is kind-hearted and very smart. I am forever grateful to her.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	Dr Davis is terrific -- friendly, sympathetic, easy going. I found that she listened very well and took plenty of time with me. Patient and kind, with good suggestions and very responsive to my concerns and needs. I would recommend her very highly. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	-1	This doctor not only did not listen to me, but placed me on medication that I was allergic to. This is by far the worst doctor I have ever seen. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
7	-1	I found this doctor very dificult to work with and had major issues. She does not seem to  listen to the patient well. i had two major health issues that i felt needed attention and she would not listen to me. I know I am not a dr but I know myself. After going else where the issues were immediately diagnosed and well handled.  I would not recommend going to her. 	3	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	I haven't seen him since I lost my insurance a few years ago, but He was a very good doctor, very knowledgeable and helpful. He also seems to remember patients, and what past problems they have had. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	Dr. Devaul was the best family practice doc that I have had in my life. Wish he he would open practice again. I trusted him with my sons life and I am having a hard time finding a doc that I trust as much.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	I had steroid shots. The first time was wonderful, 2nd hardly at all, but 3rd seem to be doing very well.  He and his staff had warned me before the 1st shots, they probably would not be a permanent relief and while they may work 1 time, they might not the next, but might again.  Well, I wasn't surprised and was forewarned.  	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Medicare
9	-1	I saw Dr. Dasari for pain management and he was extremely rude and even disrespectful. He basically told me it is not normal to have pain in so many of my joints at my age (27) and there is nothing he can do to help me. A few months later I saw a more understanding and thorough doctor who diagnosed me with lupus. Overall, my experience with Dr. Dasari was awful and the second time I saw him I left his office crying. His nurse had to apologize for his behavior and it seemed like I wasn't the only patient who was treated poorly.  	5	5	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
9	-1	. This man is a lyer only out for money and is Heartless 	2	1	1	2 	Insurance:Medicare
10	1	The biggest issue with Dr. Davis is that he's VERY popular, so he can get a little behind. He's very helpful and very much cares about his patients. He wants to be able to deliver all of his patients, which takes him out of the office quite a bit. Overall, he's a great doctor.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
11	1	I am very pleased with my doctor. He is punctual, thorough, honest, understanding, intelligent and direct - a real straight arrow! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	He is very thorough in his examination. 		4	4	3 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	Dr. Davis has been treating our children for almost 12 years now.  She is an excellent physician with a wonderful bedside manner and diagnostic skills that have been spot on every time.  I would easily recommend her to anyone with children. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	Best pedi there is if you are looking for laid back and not over bearing!  Knowledgable and great communication with parents/kids. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	Fantastic, devoted and understanding doctor. What a;; pediatricians should be like! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	-1	Dr Dick always wants to just refer you to any specialist he can to not monitor you himself. He is a very unhelpful doctor.  	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
13	1	Knowledgeable!  He makes sure you understand what he gives you as medicine and how to take it.  My kids love him! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	-1	My teenage son was seen for having symptoms that included high fever and swollen throat.  After a round of antibiotics, this dr. insisted it was allergies and when symptoms persisted, refused to see him and tried to refer to an allergist.  (If it were allergies, the antibiotics should never have been prescribed in the first place.) Finally we went to an urgent care center where they tested for mono, which it turns out he had.  The problem I have is the dr's refusal to do anything but refer to an allergist.  My son played h.s. hockey and IF the mono had caused an enlarged spleen, the rough sport could easily have caused it to rupture.  We were able to find a new dr. to examine and clear him to play safely.  We are thankful that no harm was done, but have lost all confidence in this dr.  	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
13	1	Back in 2004, I had some blood work done to check the enzyme levels of my liver, due to my years of drinking. I had some pretty high readings two months prior. Dr. Dick knew that I had finally gotten sober and was working hard at my recovery program. Three days after the blood work, Dr. Dick, himself, called me at work to tell me that everything looked good. Not only that, but he also talked to me and encouraged me to keep working my program. That is something that I will never forget. He actually called me himself and treated me with respect and made me feel that I was important. Thank you, Dr. Dick ~ Kerry Mills, Fort Wayne, IN. FIVE YEARS AND NINE MONTHS SOBER!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	Dr. Dick is an amazing doctor. Caring, helpful & genuinely concerned for his patients. I was disappointed when he left Canada to go practice in the States. He delivered all 3 of my children and I wish he was still my doctor. His patients are fortunate to have him. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	He's the greatest. He knows what he's talking about, he's always in a good mood, very nice Christian guy. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	This is a wonderful doctor. He was extremely kind, and cared about me. He is intelligent at his feild. My surgery went terific. He explained to me what was going to happen. I had very little pain. He is a one of a kind doctor, and I would truly recommend him to anyone.  	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Humana
14	-1	This man was rude, arrogant and inslulting and  did not bother to look at MRI that was provided.  He performed a surgery that would not take care of the problem.  After my second visit, I should have trusted my gut instinct and not gone back, but I assumed he was capable and could be trusted.  Instead I will have to pay for the rest of my life with numbness in both feet and legs and constant lower back pain. 	2	2	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
14	-1	I felt he was VERY rude. Said my scar would be small and it is HUGE. I had a lot of pain after the surgery and he could have cared lees. Do to the horrible care I had I will have pain the rest of my life. Maybe if he had listened I would have been ok. He seemed to have a GOD complex. He was very cockky. If I could go back I would have nevr seen this man. I should hae followed my gut instinct but I was told he is the best. If he is the best I would go for the second best.  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	Terrific doctor! he was a wonderful surgeon and had extensive knowledge. I loved him and would reccomend him over any other doctor in the area! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	. was very polite and knowledgable 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	-1	After treatment, a problem arose, and he would not assist in solving the problem. He also made some rude comments. 		2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	Bed-side manner is just as important as training and expertise. Dr. Daluga genuinely cares about patients. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	0	ACL Repair Dec-Infected-hard to get another timely appointment-gave antibiotics-weeks later still infected-more surgery-weeeks later still infected...  	3	3	2	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
15	1	Dr. Daluga is an excellent surgeon. He is thoughtful and intelligent. His staff on the other hand is not. They are rude, do not return calls in a timely manner and are very difficult to contact. I do not recommend this staff.  	1	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
15	1	Dr. Daluga is a very kind, knowledgeable man who actually cares about you as a person.  I had a shoulder injury and was worried it would never be the same and would have an ugly scar.  Dr. Daluga took excellent care of me and performed surgery - now my shoulder is better and there is a minimal scar!  He's fantastic and I highly recommend him to anyone in need of an Ortho MD. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	-1	DO NOT GO TO BEKI DENMAN.  I was given an STD test my insurance didn't cover and I didn't know about because it's 'required' I found out after I received the bill.  She also decided to do a blood test to see if I had blood clotting and would be able to use hormonal BC, that cost $3000 before insurance, and it took 2 seconds to get my blood drawn.  She was NOT friendly or helpful and obviously just wants to make as much money as possible.  Honestly, I get much better AND cheaper service at Planned Parenthood and at least they tell you what the costs are UP front! 	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
16	-1	I'm amazed that Dr. Denman has positive reviews on here. This is our first pregnancy and it's one of those things that you have high expectations for. Unfortunately Dr. Denman has not lived up to those. She is unfriendly, hasn't asked once if I have questions or concerns, if I do ask a question she acts like I am stupid for not knowing already. Overall it just hasn't been a positive experience. We definitely will not be going to her in the future and highly recommend that anyone else who is in the process of choosing an OBGYN choose someone who actually seems like they care about you. 	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	I'VE HAD TWO BABIES UNDER HER CARE AND I'M A PHYSICIAN.   SHE IS GREAT! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
16	1	She is a wonderful doctor.She is very caring and also understands what you are going through.I had twins and it was a high risk pregnancy.She made sure every concern was dealt with and deeply respected my wishes for delivery. I Thank her and the staff.                                                                                            Regards                                          Mini.  P 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
16	1	I love Dr. Denman.  She's delivered 6 of my children.  She's also taken care of me through abnormal paps and other things.  Several times she has called me herself with test results.  The wait times have gotten much shorter also.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
16	1	Dr. Denman was my OB/GYN for almost ten years.  During that time I had an abnormal PAP result, which required removing a portion of my cervix.  I was very close to cervical cancer at that time.  This happened ten years ago, and my PAP tests have been normal ever since.  Also since that time, I had three children - all delivered by Dr. Denman.  I put my complete trust in her and everything was fine each time.  She is concerned with your health and comfort and the health of your baby.  We recently moved out of state and my most difficult decision was how to replace her with a new doctor in OH.  The staff was also very kind and helpful.  There was always a wait at each appointment, but given the fact that they are delivering babies and caring for a large patient population, I could accept it.  She was always there for me when I needed her. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	Very caring and concerned about the patient 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	Dr. Denman is extremely professional and knowledgable. She helped me through infertility and eventually delivered all three of my children. Although I have logged some hours in the waiting room, I do not mind at all and take this into consideration when scheduling my appointments. To all the ladies who waited patiently while Dr.  Denman delivered my children THANK YOU!! 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	Dr. Denman is extremely knowledgeable. I never had any doubt that I was getting the best possible treatment throughout my pregnancy; however, I agree with the other reviewers that her interpersonal skills are weak. Also, the practice does seem much more business-focused and profit-driven than my previous GYN's office that was more patient-focused. The wait times were often waaay too long even though I would arrive slightly early or on time.  		2	3	5 	Insurance:Aetna
16	0	I typically waited at least 30-45 minutes before actually seeing the doctor, then she always seemed like she was in a hurry. She seems to know what she is doing, but is not very personable at all. 		3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	Dr. Denman is a great gyn/ob. She always listens to my concerns and has delivered all three of my kids. I wasn't forced to rotate thru all of the physicians on staff like in so many practices. Also if she was running behind, I was given the opportunity to either wait for her or see a nurse practitioner. 		4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	Dr. Denman is very competent. She's good at answering questions. If she were warmer and more proactive in anticipating questions and explaining things it would be easier to talk to her. Sometimes she seemed dismissive of concerns that were important to me. Also, the practice really seems to want to maximize profit. It concerned me that they allowed medical assistants to listen to the baby's heartbeat rather than do it themselves. I've never heard of another OB practice that does that. Since the practice moved, they seem less patient and more profit focused. Still, it's nice that in general they try to see and deliver their own patients - a lot of OB practices have you rotate through several doctors.  		3	4	4 	Insurance:Anthem
17	0	DOCTOR SAM OFF NOT PAYING ATTENTION TO WHAT HE WAS DOING. SEAMS TO BLAME EVERY THING ON HIS STAFF INSTEAD OF TAKING THE RESPONCBLLITY. 	5	1	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
17	-1	Will not return to this doctor, I have never been treated this bad by any doctors I have seen. He was very rude an seemed to chuckle about my illness.  Never again!!! 	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
17	1	Dr. DaWalt is a very good.  From my 1st visit he was very knowledgeable about my issues.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
17	1	Dr. Dawalt treats you like an individual.  He takes the time to listen to your issues, and does his best to find a solution to them.  I have recommended him to my family and friends.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
17	1	The most amazing Doc I ever had.He has gone the extra mile for both me and my son.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
17	1	Dr. Dawalt has been a very professional D.O. His staff is very friendly and efficient.  Everyone is entitled to their own opinion but i honestly enjoyed being a patient of his.  I have been with him every since he started his pratice here.  I can consistently been a God send.  I feel very comfortable with him.   I would highly recommend to anyone searching for a new physician! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
17	1	VERY FRIENDLY AND CONCERNED WITH HIS PATIENTS. KNOWS WHAT HE IS DOING AND VERY EFFICIENT. STAFF IS ALSO EFFICIENT AND VERY FRIENDLY. WOULD RECOMMEND THIS DOCTOR TO ANY AND ALL OF MY FRIENDS AND FAMILY. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	Always ready to speak with you about any problem.  Always answers any questions you may have 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
17	1	I have been seeing Dr. Dawalt for over 5 years, and I have referred my entire family living in the area to doctor Dawalt. Even with medical insurance, medical cost are expensive and I appreciate that Dr. Dawalt does not order test left and right just because he can. I also appreciate that he always provides samples of certain Rx&apos;s allowing trial testing of the effects before paying for the Rx&apos;s. The staff is always helpful, professional and kind. One thing I hate is having to wait days or even weeks for medical appt&apos;s. NOT at Dr.Dawalts office, the most I have ever waited was the next day for an appt I made at 4:30pm. For effective care I recommend Dr. Dawalt. My mother, husband, and all of our children are under doctor Dawalts care, as are many of my extended family members. He has allowed us to get issues resolved that other doctor&apos;s have disregarded.   For effective care I highly recommend 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
17	1	MY HUSBAND HAD A PHYSICAL LAST JULY, HE PAID THE $15.00 CO PAY AND SHORTLY AFTER WE RECECEIVED A BILL FOR $26.00 FROM DAWALT'S OFFICE FOR CHANTIX (STOP SMOKING). WHEN MY HUSBAND CAME HOME FROM THE APPT. HE WAS VERY EXCITED AND READY TO TRY TO QUIT CHEWING DIP.  THEN THE $26.00 BILL CAME AND I CALLED DAWALTS OFFICE AND ASKED WHY DID WE GET A BILL. MALLORY SAID IT WAS FOR COUNSELING MY HUSBAND ABOUT NOT SMOKING. SHE SAID THE INSURANCE DOES NOT PAY IT, BUT THEY ARE ALLOWED TO BILL FOR IT AND I WOULD HAVE TO PAY IT. WE THOUGHT IT WAS A DOCTORS VISIT AND CONVERSATION WAS INCLUED IN THE BILL,BUT BEWARE SOME CONVERSATIONS COST MORE AND THE INSURANCE DOES NOT PAY. AFTER STEWING ON THE BILL FOR WEEKS,I FINALLY PAID IT BECAUSE THEY SAID THEY WOULD PUT IT ON OUR CREDIT.WE SHOULD HAVE BEEN INFORMED OF THE COST.HUSBAND NEVER TRIED TO QUIT AFTER PEP TALK WAS ONLY FOR SOME $$$$.  	3	3	4	4 	Insurance:Anthem
17	1	As a 2+ year patient, I cannot ask for a better person's hands for my medical care. I continue to refer patients to Dr. Dawalt given his overall attention to patients' needs. This is the FIRST Dr. that takes all the time in the world to help. Whenever I have waited long, it is because I know a patient needs extra help. Whenever I have a concern, a refill request, and appt. request, etc., it's addressed the SAME DAY. For the one occasion it was not, I was called &amp; emailed with an APOLOGY! I've also been responded to, via email, on a Sunday when the office is closed. If you are looking for a physician and practice that knows you by name, instead of a number, this is the practice to come to. You will ALWAYS be treated with respect, dignity, and honesty. I have yet to be &quot;let down&quot; by Dr. Dawalt and I guarantee you will receive the same personal, professional, and caring services.  For a PCP, he knows what to do &amp; if not, he WILL find the answer for you!! NICE JOB :):) 	 2/8/10	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
17	-1	After several visits, this dr has no clue. One time tells you it is one thing then changes his mind and does not explain anything. He does not like it if you have questions or want to understand why he orders tests or gives medicine and he refuses to send you to a specialist. He only spends about 5 mins or less and then gives medicine but doesn't tell you why. He is so interested in being electronic and making money that he does not seem to care about you. His medical experience is minimal (3 years) and bedside manner is rude and condescending. Now he is taking walk ins and this is over crowding the office and patients are not getting their money's worth nor does he seem to care as long as you write him a check. Insurance or not he is not knowledgable or encouraging and would strongly recommend that you find another dr. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	Dr. Dawalt has been nothing less than a perfect gentleman. He is honest, up-front, and goes above & beyond. I couldn't ask for a better PCP. He LISTENS, will take time to explain, and offers true advice. Also gives other options. I've never felt more comfortable w/a Doctor. I have Fibromyalgia and he researches more options for me. I'm never made out as an idiot - and I can tell him everything. Offers online 'quick' consults for minor things to save a visit. Staff are always friendly and make you comfortable. I wish I went here sooner than June 2008. I feel like i aggravate, however he always states it's his job :). This is a MODEL PHYSICIAN - he tells it like it is, won't sugar-coat anything, and will never deceive. I'd recommend him for his expertise as well as his manners.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
17	1	Dr Dawalt is new to the area and I have only been to him 2 or 3 times. He seems interested in his patients and gives them his total attention. His nurse is polite, friendly, quick to return your phone calls and get answers for any questions you may have. My only complaint is the receptionist. She is is not friendly at all and actually rude. She makes you feel as if you are bothering her if you call in or when you go in the office. I have never seen her smile or thank anyone. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	very good doctor. helpful and knowledgable 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	Good doctor! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	I really like Dr. Damera. It's true that he isn't your classic &quot;people person,&quot; but he knows his stuff! He comes across as rushed and sometimes a bit brusque, but I promise you he's worth it! If something is wrong, he will leave no stone unturned until he finds a cause. He's smart, dedicated, and genuinely cares about making sure his patients have positive outcomes. I have complete and total faith in him and would recommend him to anyone. 	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	great physician. patient, kind, and understanding.  he diagnosed a problem with my daughter that 5 other Ophthalmologists missed 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
21	1	Dr Davis and His staff at Health 1st in Greenfield are amazing and a great bunch to be around they always have a smile and i am going to miss them very much. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	Wonderful clinic and wonderful doctor! I was amazed at how clearly he explained my condition.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
22	-1	I was scheduled for a test on March 9th at local hospital to follow up leaking valve and enlarged right atrium found on stress echo they were not able to do the test due to my heart rate told to call doctor which I did and still to this day May 10th have not heard back after making over a dozen calls.  Very disappointed because Dr was great 	1	3	1	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
23	-1	Dr davission was very unhelpful, none caring, we felt like we were a bother, had him for over 2 years, trying to find another doctor.  	5	3	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
23	1	Very nice to my grandma as she was dying.  Helped the family through the difficult time 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
24	1	. The staff is very helpful and very nice! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	Dr Devine is an amazing doctor. He has treated me for some complicated chronic health issues, primarily cardiac problems. He researched my symptoms and has treated them very successfully for 5 yrs. I went from doctor to doctor until I was recommended to Dr. Devine and he solved the issues I faced when no other doctor seemed to have the knowledge to treat me. My quality of life is what it is because he took the time and has the background to treat me successfully. In regards to the pt complaint about taking Throid medication, it has been my experience that Dr. Devine does not put his patients on medications unless it is warranted. I am glad I found a competent Dr. to handle my complicated health issurs. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	At age 68 I have been in the medical round-a-bout since age 4...from Boston, MA-to Mayo Clinic and Northwestern.  I feel blessed that this incredible diagnostition is my physician. Physician is in the purest old-fashioned sense of the word.  When he sits with you..he listens and time seems to be at no limit..he is extremely bright and personable.  I appreciate the fact that he refers in my best interest.  I also appreciate the fact that he and his staff follow-up with phone calls.  All other Doctors in the area hold him in high regard.  I know no-one walks on water...but this man has saved me more than once and his diagnosis has been right on the money.  I always had the very best medical care between Boston and Mayo Clinic and am fortunat in that I still have the VERY BEST in Dr. Devine!!  On a scale of 1-10~~he is an 11.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
25	-1	Very dismissive attitude toward me. Said he wasn't convinced I needed the thyroid pill my GYN had me on, despite my saying that since the thyroid pill I felt younger & peppier at 40 than at age 30. He either wasn't listening or didn't take me seriously. He said my extreme fatigue was due to my depression. I've been on anti-depressants for 12 yrs.& my depression never made me sleep 18 hrs a day like my thyroid did. He said my GYN (who is a professor at a major Chicago teaching hospital & was named one of the top reproductive endocrinologists in Chicago based on a survey of top Chicago doctors) probably isn't as knowledgeable about the thyroid as he is. He implied maybe I took thyroid pill to keep from gaining weight & that it does'nt work for that. I don't know where he got that idea. I only weigh 115 lbs.(am 5'2&quot;) & have never been overweight. I couldn't believe I had to defend my Chicago GYN who is a professor at a major teaching hospital to this small town doc. I won't return to him. 	2	3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	Dr. John DeCoursey was very thorough and knowledgeable.  I myself was so impressed, I took my 9 year old daughter to him.  He explained her condition and recommended vision therapy to assist in her problem.  The staff and Dr. DeCoursey exceeded my expectations for service in a professional and efficient manner!  Quick and great selection of glasses (and not just in the expensive section)!!  Very affordable and fashionable glasses!  I will be back and recommend to all my friends! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	Dr. DeCoursey gave a very good eye exam and seemed very nice.  I would recommend him to anyone. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
27	-1	very nice doctor.  however he make you wait extremely long up to 2 hours. then he is in such a hurry you only get 2 minutes to 3 minutes to talk with him.  although he diagnoses you he does not let you know what that diagnosis means or what the remedy may be.  	3	1	1	3 	Insurance:Anthem
27	1	First pt of the day and no wait.  Dr. Del Pilar was great.  He recommended ALCAT testing w/I had never heard of until then.  Found out I should not eat beef, dairy or oranges, though I had my entire life.  He speaks quickly and did not talk down to me.  I appreciated the fact he communicated with me on my level.  Yes, he moves fast because he can.  Extremely knowledgeable especially with adjustments.  He did something to my neck and face and it was amazing.  Instant difference!  No medication and great relief!  I highly recommend him and when I return if there is a wait, I will patiently wait.  I know he is worth it and have never expected drive through service with doctor!  Noted the staff and he were bi-lingual which I thought was pretty cool.  Be ready to pay your co pay up front though.   The office staff though friendly, mean business! 	 2/12/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	1	Dr. Delpilar is an excellent physician. He is great with everyone and jokes around with the kids. He makes everyone feel comfortable. It doesn't matter how many hours he has worked he always returns our phone calls.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
27	1	My experience with Doctor del Pilar was phenomenal. He is very caring and I was impressed with his medical expertise. I have been going to him for over 15 years and he relates well to children and adults.  I would recommend him to everyone! 	 10/4/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
27	-1	I had been going to this office since over on Ironwood Circle, I always seen Tammy.  Last year (2010, they wouldn't let me see Tammy anymore, I had a migraine and the script he gave me didn't work, so I called the next morning to get another med and they told me I would have to come in and pay for another appointment just to get something different.  Plus, Del Pilar always required/requested unnecessary tests and x-rays when not needed. 	5	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
27	-1	if you have an appointment you will still wait for hours what is the point of a appointment if you have to wait for hours anyway very unorginized complete circus 	2	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
27	-1	I have been a reluctant patient of Dr. Del Pilar's for 2 years. I am now a former patient. Waiting time is ridiculous. I've sat in the waiting room for an appt. made several weeks prior for up to 2 hours. Office is severely understaffed and overbooked. Most of the Medical Assistants that take the place of nurses are working there to fulfill required field work-they are not certified. Del Pilar, while aknowledgeable guy, spends less than two minutes with you if he can. He performs &quot;adjustments,&quot; as he is a DO, without consulting your insurance. I ended up with a $300 bill for treatment he performed that I didn't know was treatment! I have since educated myself on osteopathy and various manipulative treatments and their cost. Urgent Care is performed by the same MAs and doctor that staff the office during the week and takes place in the same offices. They charge you extra for urgent care, when they're just squeezing you into the regular schedule and providing the same (lacking) services. 	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
27	-1	This doctor is horrible. I would not recommend him to anyone. He is an &quot;airhead.&quot; Has no clue what he is doing. Just throws out diagnosis. Horrible staff. All he does is lab work. That's it. I had $5000.00 work of lab work! Yet, everything was &quot;normal.&quot; There was no need for all those labs. DO NOT GO TO THIS DOCTOR.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	-1	This DR. does not listen to his patient and diagnosed me incorrectly even tho I told him what was wrong.  	2	3	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	-1	I am 33 weeks pregnant and every time I have seen Dr Davis he talks to me like I am stupid and gets very upset when I ask a bunch of questions like I should already know the answer! Not happy with his bedside manner at all.  	4	1	2	2 	Insurance:Medicare
28	-1	I am 38 weeks pregnant and my swelling is out of control. My legs from my thighs to my toes are three times their normal size and I am in so much pain from cramping and contraction since week 30 and now all of this swelling and all he will say to me is tough it out. Wish he was in my shoes right now and I bet he wold have a different response after that.  	3	2	1	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
29	-1	This DR has Very little knowledge how to treat someone when the 'normal' treatments or meds do not work. He has little compassion for severe pain and is not helpful in treating a person long term, nor does he care to take on a case that is a little more challenging. He has been trying to get rid of me for some time now, and has not treated me honestly or well. Do not go to this Dr.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	1	He is nice but after the first visit he gives you to his assistant and you never see him again. 	5	1	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	very friendly staff. he is very through, he has done wonders for me.  would readily recommend him..he's great.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
29	1	I can't imagine a negative rating for Dr. Davis.  He had a wonderful soft-spoken manner, explained things to me like a peer--taking the time to educate his patient.  He treated conservatively, and I have been very comfortable as a result.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
29	1	DR.DAVIS HAS TREATED ME FOR ABOUT 5 YEARS FOR AURHTIRITIS AND GENERAL BAD BONES.HE ALSO DIAGNOSED MY GERD THAT TOOK 18 MONTHS TO FIX AND THE OTHER DR'S TO FIND.ALL OF HIS STAFF HAS ALWAYS TREATED ME WITH RESEPCT WITH THE EXCEPTION OF HIS P.A.  I WILL KEEP SEING HIM AS LONG AS HE WILL SEE ME 	4	3	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	-1	 	5	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	The staff has always been friendly, helpful and professional.  As for Dr. Dick you will never find a more caring, friendly doctor .He takes time to explain every thing to you. I have been with him about 6 years and have only the highest praise for Dr. Dick .There is not many people I would trust with my life but Dr. Andrew Dick is # 1 on my list. He has treated me from a common cold to COPD ,Heart disease and I will always be grateful that he is our family doctor.                                  Gladys T. and Family 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
30	-1	Staff never answers the incoming line ...in fact they sit around with their feet up in the chairs playing on their Iphones while the incoming line rings and goes to an answering machine. They are unprofessional and  it is infuriating to say the least, especially when you are the patient trying to contact the office to make an appointment or talk with a nurse.   Dr is okay 	1	1	2	2 	Insurance:Anthem
30	1	Been going to this doctor for almost 10 years. His staff is always helpful and polite and Dr. Dick will explain how the body should work, what yours is doing wrong, and then the actions he plans to help you fix it and why. He makes sure that you understand all of these & is part of a team to make you better.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
30	0	Waiting room wait is atrocious.  I have waited an hour in the waiting room and then another hour in the exam room without explanation.  Dr. Dick assumes that you have no knowledge and talks down to patients.  We will be searching for a new doctor with better staff and bedside manner! 	2	1	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	It is so frustrating because we always have to wait a very long time in waiting room (sometimes over an hour). The office visit is always very short. We are going to look for new doctor. I do not recommend him.  	3	1	3	5 	Insurance:Anthem
31	1	Wonderful doctor.  Very caring and professional.  I am glad I was referred by my sister. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	-1	The doctor is not very nice or friendly. She does not explain things to you or try to get deep into the problem. She's very nonchalant and cold. Will make you feel worse when you leave than when you first came. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	My experiences have been great.  Patient for over 10yrs.  Easy to get an appointment. Usually short wait.  Nice staff. Doctor answers my questions. No crap I don't need. This one is a keeper. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	-1	She was late to all appts we had, and one she was late getting herself to the office. She did not spend a lot of time with us. She was not friendly. We have both gone without important medicines because of actions of the office. I was referred by her to a doctor that I was unhappy with and she would not make another referral, and would not see me for the original problem because she had already referred me to someone.  	4	1	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	1	Great doctor! She thought my symptoms might be my heart so she had her nurse do an EKG.  It was normal but she still thought it was my heart so she ordered a stress test the next day.  I ended up having urgent bypass surgery.   She saved my life! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
31	-1	.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	1	dr dash did surgery on my 2 year olds eye and cheek after an accident.  he came to her rescue although he still had several routine surgeries ahead of her.  he took an extreme level of care in suturing her wounds, i was able to watch.   i had a follow up appt and i went back 2 days later cause i had a concern with the way it was healing, he saw me with no problem, was patient with my questions, and sure enough the wounds healed as he said they would, she looks GREAT! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
32	-1	Dr. Dash reset my jaw after I broke it.  After taking off the wires and the arch bars my bite was totally out of alignment.  I will now have to have braces for over a year and my jaw broke again.  He was terrible.  I would not recommend him to anyone.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
32	1	Best, down to earth Dr. I hae ever encountered. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	Had Gallbladder removed and it was a breeze wish I did it 10 years ago.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
33	-1	 	2	4	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	Dr. Davis and his NP, Teresa are wonderful and kind people. They spend the time with you and are genuine. If they don''t remember a detail about your last visit or something in your history then they ask. I like that!    On the other hand...I have seriously looked at other doctors because the staff is so poor. Other than Rose, the receptionist, everyone is cold and treats you as if you are an interrupting something. They guard appointments and talking to the doctor too carefully. They don''t share information with the doctor or you. For example, the nurse who led me back to the room and took my vitals last time said nothing to me until I asked for what my blood pressure was. It is like that every time. 	1	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	Cannot say much about the office staff or PA, but I think he is a great MD, good bedside manner and knowlegable, truly attentive to his patients needs especially if you are hospitalized.  	2	3	5	4 	Insurance:Anthem
35	-1	You can never see him. He prescribes wrong meds for your situation, nice man but horrible dr.Physician assistants are very inexperienced.Your better off going to a Prompt Care and taking a chance or just go online to a doctor can't be any worse.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
36	-1	Dr. Daeke seems very flighty and does not have a good bedside manner. I wouldn't take my pet to him. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	After my MI, Dr. Dali placed a stent in me.  He was polite, respectful and highly efficient.  From the moment Dr. Dali stepped in the room until the time he left, he was focused, efficient and professional.  The whole procedure only took about 30 minutes.  He followed up a couple of times in the hospital and once after that at his office.  He was the best part of my hospital experience.  He has a terrific personality and genuine caring about you as a patient and a person.  I couldn't say enough about his excellent quality of care and his bedside manner. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
38	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	She is a very good doctor. She is funny and lightens things up alot. First and only surgery so I was really scared. Which I would have better response time when I called to ask a question.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	1	I hate going to the doctor! This doctor in my opinion saved my life!  She is awesome!  I would recommend her to any woman who wants the best, close personal care possible.... she really cares for her patients, and will give you a 110%!  I say don't waste your time going to any other, check her out first! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
39	1	I have never felt this doctor's office cared at all about my health.  I was only able to book 1 appointment with Dr. Davidson and I found her to be very likable and knowledgeable;however, she seems only to be available if you can book months in advance. I have tried to use her nurse practioners but have had waits of up to 2 hrs to see them.  My last appointment ended after 1 1/2 hrs of waiting without me even seeing any practioner.  I could not continue to sit in the exam room waiting so I gave up and went home.  Additionally, when I needed a prescription updated, it took 2 unreturned calls from me and 1 from my pharmacist before my needs were met. I realize there are emergencies in this type of practice, but non-expectant women need quality service and care as well and I certainly never found it with this doctor or staff.  	1	1	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	1	Absolutely loved this office. Her NP Debra Taylor is one of the best! She was able to explain everything without using terms I wouldn't understand! My mother goes to her also..  I would recommend her to anyone! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
39	0	I left her b/c she and her staff were very dismissive of my problems. My new ob diagnosed me with endometriosis and dysmenorrhea, which explained my painful cramps.  Once I was put on the correct medicine, I was fine, all she wanted to do was shove pain medicine at me that wasn't working. I never saw her half the time either, and was forced to see her NP. Her staff told me it was due to my insurance, but my new ob never had a problem seeing me or being paid by the insurance. I also didn't appreciate the 2 and 3 hours waits I had to endure either.  The doctor I left her for was fabulous and I would never go back to her.  I was in constant pain and didn't receive the attention I should have by her or her staff.  	2	1	2	3 	Insurance:Anthem
39	1	Is the best if you ask me. Has never failed to answer my questions. She actualy talks to you like a person instead of using a whole bunch of doctor talk. Even though I have a habit of whining about my back pain or what ever else is going on she does her best to make me feel better. I would recomend her to anyone I talk to. And have on a few occacions.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	1	She delivered my daughter and a collegue of hers delivered my son. She is great! Even when you are feeling like a whining beached whale; she makes you feel somewhat human. I would recommend her to anyone. She is kind and considerate and her staff always has a smile for me and my two hoodlums.  	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
39	1	I've been with Dr. Davidson for about 13 years and would follow her anywhere. She and her staff are wonderful, caring people. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	She is absolutely wonderful and her staff is too! Would recommend her to any woman! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
40	-1	The staff is brash. The doctor argues with the nurse in front if you. The office is not updated. 	2	3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	Very nice doctor and very smart now only if her staff could learn from her 	1	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	Great doctor, professionalism, ethic, integrity. Help understand my health issue, addressed nutrition and chiropractic. I feel like a brand new man! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	Dr. De La Rosa is an excellent denstist.  I'm very pleased with the care she and her office staff consistently provide.  I've never felt like she has pushed me into any extra, unnecessary treatments...which was especially important when I did not have dental insurance.  I would recommend Dr. De La Rosa to my family and friends! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
42	-1	She started a double root canal on me and because it was getting late in the early evening, she instead of doing her job, she sent me home with exposed roots and had me come back the following day for her to finish. One of the teeth became dangerously absessed less than 6 weeks later and as a result, The teethe had to be pulled...What a waste of money, time, and ungodly pain. Stay away from this woman...She is a DDS Quack. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	Dr. D is a wonderful doctor.  He has helped me through the worst illness of my life.  He truly cares--even called me at work once to check on me.  He is a great doctor and a person of truly good character.  He has worked well with other members of my medical team, none of whom are associated with his practice.  I can't say enough good things about this wonderful man.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
43	1	Dr. D is the best doctor I have ever been to.  He remembers things about me without having to consult my chart.  He listens to me better than other doctors and is a great diagnostician.  He genuinely seems to care and always makes me feel better.  I have never had a problem getting an appointment on very short notice.  I wish all doctors were as caring and knowledgable as he is.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
43	1	I have been with Dr. D. for like 12 yrs now. And like anyone there are rushed and relaxed days. The staff have always been respectful and helpful.  Have always been able to get last minute appointments or fit in when needed, and files have always ben up to date, in short can not find anything bad to say here 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
43	-1	Staff screwed up 1st appointment and then the doctor was late for the second. I should of read some of the reviews here as I found the exact same problems with this doctor. He doesn't like questions, he talks way to fast and doesn't like to be interrupted by a question, he does not review medical tests and has his nurse call with the results and he doesn't spend much time with you (10minutes). His idea of a Wellness or physical is to check your lungs, ears throat and that's it. Both himself and his staff don't seem that knowledgeable and it is impossible to talk to him to unless you set up an appointment. People have said that this is related to the For Profit nature of the company he works for ubt one would still expect more.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
43	-1	He always rushed. He talks so fast he reminded me of a car salesman. His staff is rude and unhelpful. I complained about this to the doctor and he acted like I was the one who a problem. He told me my expectations were &quot;Too High&quot;. He ordered a test that was very expensive and stated it was not his fault or responsabity if it was expensive. He told me there was no other option.  Run don't walk way from this doctor! 	1	3	1	3 	Insurance:Aetna
43	1	I have known Doctor Desilvester over 10 years and he has always given me excellent treatment. I can get an appointment on short notice and he is generous with his time.He is very knowledgeable about medical symptoms and always makes helpful recommendations regarding medications and often provides free samples for many illnesses while waiting for prescription to come in. He sets up next appointments and seems genuinely concerned about patient health problems. He spends time with patient and goes over results of lab tests. He calls on the phone with results of lab tests also. He is a nice man. He is seen in church and is a good family man. My insurance make all the payments as I pay only $15.00 co-pay per visit.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
43	-1	Doctor was late and seemed like I was taking up his time. I had a list of questions but he said he didn't have time. He did a short exam and asked symptons and then gave me samples of meds. He didn't bother asking what other meds I was on or if I had any allergies. I had a severe reaction and ended up in the hospital. My lawyer saud that the company that he works for called American Health Network (Group One Family) has a lot of money and is profit driven and I would be better off with another doctor. He said that suing them would take a long time and that the Medical Licensing Board covers up mistakes made by doctors in this group because of the connections between doctors on the Board and this company as well as connections at the national level.  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:CIGNA
43	0	I, like many others, find him to be abrupt and in a rush to get me out of the office.  I always felt like he was just waiting for me to finish talking so he can send me home with pills because he already diagnosed me in his head.  The front office ladies were AWFUL!!  We actually wrote a letter to the doctor complaining about the front desk women.  Often we would hear them talk bad about patients and once I heard them laughing about how they mixed up patient files!  We left the practice and his nurse called to find out why...and boy did we tell her. 	1	2	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
43	0	Talks too fast; doesn't listen to you.  Always late and is rushed.  	2	1	3	3 	Insurance:CIGNA
43	1	Dr D is very knowledgeable and helpful.  Always call on tesr results and explains the results. Refers you to others when needed.  Calls you at home to fu.  Staff is excellent.  All Drs shld be like him.    I have recommended him to many people I know.  Couldn't ask fo any bettew.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
43	-1	The staff screwed up the appointment made and the doctor was also late. He talks very fast and doesn't like to answer questions. Prescription refils have also been done wrong. Hr has sent me to specialist that have ties to the company he works for and nothing was done. He does not like a patient going to get a 2nd opinion and express this when I asked for one on a condition that I have.  Would not recommend him 	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:Anthem
43	0	In my 3 years of care by him I can't remember him ever listening to what I said. He'd ask me a question and answer it himself before I got a word out of my mouth. Louse &quot;bedside&quot; manner in my opinion 		2	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
43	-1	This doctor spends a total 0f app.5-7 minutes with you. Des not like to be interupted with questions you might have and doesn't folloe though with test that he, himself scheduled out at regular intervals. IF you don't call him, he never cals you unless some time has gone by then you receive an amail from his assistance telling you to schedule or be droppped as a client 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	He is always on time, stays long hours, and tells me exactly wat i need to know. He's great 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	We have been using this doctor for over 10 years! He is awesome! He is quick on getting anyone in my family in quickly for a visit if needed, and is very knowledgeable with all health conditions. We enjoy being his patients. My parents go to him also and love him as well.  He is a one of a kind doctor! Highly recommend!!! 		4	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	-1	I had her as my doctor, . ,get about 5 min.last time was so worried about her kid  calling didn't really say anything about my illness .told me to come back in 6 months 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	For a cancer patient she was very helpful, compassinate. It is cultural maybe, i recived extraordinary like for a family member.  I cannot get any better than this care 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
44	0	Maybe its cultural but she is very rude and arrogant with patients family and staff. Never ever question her. Or challenger her. Tried to get another Oncologist to see me, but they weren't accepting new patients. Wanted to keep changing my Coumadin even when I explained with my trip the time change and diet made the reading off. She wouldn't hear of it. Didn't listen to her, they were fine next time. In the hospital she was rude to nurses and it was plain they didn't like her. Finally got my GP to agree to regulate my Coumadin and its been fine ever since. Not a nice person.  	3	3	1	4 	Insurance:Medicare
45	1	I was having some odd symptoms and had struggled for the past year to find a family physician to listen to me.  I had even dropped my family physician that I had been seeing for 28 years.  I found an ENT who listened and was finally diagnosed and had open chest surgery in October 2009.  After that, I was on a mission to find a good family physician.  I consulted my sister who worked as a QMA for several years and also solicited the Methodist Hospital staff.  I continuously heard Dr. Dascoli's name and decided to give it a try.  We discussed my medical history in detail.  He was very attentive, asked me alot of questions and answered all my questions.  The office staff was professional and his assistant was as awesome as he was.  I am blessed to have found Dr. Dascoli.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
45	1	Very caring and thorough.  I have been going to him for over 30 years.  He really listens to my concerns and sends me to specialists when necessary.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
46	-1	Dr Dalloul told me in 2008 that he saw an abnormality on an EKG. After being in his care for 4 years ,I wish he had never looked at my EKG. He made a terrible judgement call during a stent placement and left me with permenant loss of heart function. He also refused to answer my questions about the extent of the damage done. I would not recomend him to anyone. 	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
47	1	Takes time to treat patients as people and talk to them.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
47	1	. excellant 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	1	. GREAT! GREAT! GREAT!  She is a very good doctor, who is compassionate, understanding and knowledgeable! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	1	Have always had good advice/appt. with this Dr. Highly reccomend! 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	Always has time to talk and returns calls to you.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	1	Dr. De'Neira is a wonderful doctor. She always enters the room with a smile. She is on time with her appointments(as much as she can be).  She is  always  very concerned about you as a patient. She takes the time to listen and you can ask her anything. If their is a problem she will get you the hospital right away. I trust her all the way with any medical issues. The staff has always been very friendly and helpful. No problems with getting appointments.  I would highly recommend Dr. De'Neira to anyone needing a family doctor. As far as I'm concerned Dr.  De'Neira and her staff are the best! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
51	-1	I was in Wishard while going through a crisis. Was witness to neglect,abuse,filth. Filed numerous complaints but never heard anything. There should be criminal charges against these people who are all under Dr. Demotte's supervision. Sad Sad Sad If you only knew. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	He is in my opinon top knotch in his field.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
53	1	Very dedicated to his patients. Takes the time to listen to you, and explains things that you can understand.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
54	1	I found him to be honest, friendly and knowledable.  He has removed 2 ingrown toenails, treated me for neurophathy. His staff is extremely nice and I never waited for more than 5 minutes.I would certainly return if I had other problems. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	Great doctor. Never have to wait and he is explains what he is doing in a way that makes you feel comfortable.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
55	1	It all depends on what you're looking for in a doctor. I am a husband whose wife had a life-threatening emergency requiring immediate intervention. I can't really speak to how emotionally sensitive Dr. DeStefano might be or whether he seems &quot;caring&quot; enough. In our situation, we needed a veteran with the knowledge and experience to save my wife and baby. I am glad Dr. DeStefano was our doctor. I trusted him with 2 lives last week and he came through. He is a hero to our family. In follow-up, he has been kind and honest. He demonstrates genuine concern for my family. That is all great, but none of it would matter if he had not been masterful when lives were at stake. I do not know Dr. Destefano personally, and had never met him before my wife was going into surgery. I understand he is retiring soon, and wish him the best, though I think this is a shame. He was a great doctor for us. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	I am a patient of dr destafano and just read the comment above that was so negative, I wanted to respond by saying I couldn't disagree more! Dr. Destafano is very kind and always very respectful! And would recommend him to anybody! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
55	-1	Dr Destefano is a VERY uncaring doctor who has no idea how to talk to his patients.  I was treated with absolutely no respect.  I ended up leaving the appointment during the middle of it crying because of how I was treated by him.  I had already paid my co-pay but asked for it to be returned.  I had no problem getting it back.  His staff on the other hand seemed very nice and caring which is a shame they have to work for such an unkind man.  I feel Dr Destefano does nothing for this practice other than give it a negative name.  Please be aware before making an appointment with Dr Distefano.  	5	5	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
56	1	Dr. Datta is the best doctor out there. Every check up I have, he tells me how it is and truly cares about me as a patient. He goes out of his way to help me and my family even on his off time. Excellent physician and someone who is very valuable to our community.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
56	-1	He is officially the worst doctor I have ever been to. Ordered a bunch of tests and could never saisfactorily conclude what my problem was. Then made me take unnecessary medication for two months and still my condition did not approve. Then frustrated, I went to another doctor and was cured in a week. His staff is most inefficient and unprofessional. Usually I do not rate doctors online but I do not want anyone else to go through similar painful experience. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	Out of all doctors, this doctor cares the most about his patients and is very dedicated to his career and helping others. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	Dr. Datta is extremely straight forward and to the point. He tells me exactly what I need and doesn't beat around the bush. That's how a doctor SHOULD be! Many doctors are too scared to tell it how it is to your face, so I really appreciate his direct approach. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	. Expensive but have been many places and the cost is worth the talent and care from this office 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
57	0	Dr Deem did a root canal and 5 years later now Im STILL having pain from it and went to my new dentist and he said it was not sealed off properly and it got contaminated and now I have to have another root canal on the same tooth!! now another $500 comes out of MY pocket to fix his mistake. 	4	2	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
57	-1	Tough survey to fill out considering during my visit I only saw him for 5 minutes total. His staff got me ready to have my wisdom tooth pulled he came in and pulled it, left the room without saying anything and the staff was back in to tell me what I would be experiencing and what I needed to do. Two weeks later I woke up with Bell's Palsy in that side of my face which is a viral infection in the facial nerve. Can't necessarily pin it on him but it's a little suspicious. 	4	4	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	very good dentist recommend to anyone very caring for his patients 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
58	0	wrong diagnosis, didn't need surgery after second opinion.  	3	2	3	3 	Insurance:Anthem
59	-1	I would not recommend this doctor to anyone. He failed to discover I had gall stones and his knowledge of general surgery seems to be lacking quite a bit. I am very glad I got a second opinion. If I had chosen Delumpa, I more than likely would have had to have a second suregery for gall stones and also would have had to undergo a full laparatomy. (large incision) This would have required several weeks of recovery.  	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
60	1	This is a fantastic place to go for your eye needs.  The Dr. is so friendly and knowledgable.  Very current equipment is used....no bothersome dialated eyes!  The eye glasses selection is awesome, they help you select the right frames and lens for you.  I cannot say enough good about Dr. Dice and his staff. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	Dr. Dearth is a most kind and caring doctor. His compassion is genuine. When you make an appt. he is most generally on time. He never rushes you out of the exam room. His staff is terrific. Everyone is most helpful. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	Dr. Dearth has been our family doctor for 17 years.  I would highly recommend him to anyone looking for a competent, caring physician.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
61	1	Great bedside manner and knowledgeable. Unfortunately, I have to deal with some difficult nurses and staff. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	he is more than just a doctor and his patients and more than just patients to him. he actually takes time to get to know you and remembers you and your family. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	Dr. Dearth has been our family doctor for 20 years. You can always get in to see him the same day you call. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	Dr darth is a wonderful doctor. He is very knowledgable and helpful. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
61	0	Does not make good referrals to specialists. Was sent to two duds that I wouldn't take my dog to. 		5	3	2 	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	Dr. Dearth and his entire staff is top notch. I especially find his diabetes programs with the insulin lady very helpful. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	Dr. Dalton is a young, enthusiastic psychiatrist who really works with you, and makes you feel like he's in it with you.  He has a great sense of humor (quite comical) which I found to be refreshing.  He is  professional, but at the same time you feel totally comfortable talking to  him about embarassing topics. Great doc! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	Dr was great with helping me transition to Indianapolis from Chicago area.  Knowledgeable and even switched up a couple of my meds that I'd been questioning my old psych on.  Will definitely return! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
63	-1	Very strange man. Put me on antidepressants when I was 12 years old. Probably the last thing that I needed at the time. 	3	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
63	0	 	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	I love Dr. Dershewitz, I've been taking my kids to him for 7 years.  He may not talk to you like you are best friends but he doesn't give mecidine unnecessarily and he has taught me how to respond appropriately to my kids' medical issues. Like most new moms, I tended to overreact every time my kids had a fever or were sick and he taught me how to remain calm and get them the care they need, he didn't just prescribe them meds to make me happy. Every time I called with a sick kid, someone in the practice saw me within hours. We've moved out of the area and I still see him for my kids' check-ups when we are in town. He and his staff have gone out of their way to get my kids into specialists when they needed it and I only wish we had that quality of care where we live now.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	0	Very disappointed I wasted my time taking my children to him. He was no help, just decided to trust my own insticts. If kids were sick he would never prescribe meds, he just gives out medical lectures. He also makes parents feel like their stupid. He can be nice guy but I wasn't really to happy with his service. 	4	3	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	We have take our 2 children to Dr Dershewitz and this practice for over 10 years.  He is an excellent doctor. The staff is very good also.  I was surprised by some of the other comments, which prompted my reply.  	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:Aetna
64	0	Can be very rude and curt over the telephone during an emergency. He expected me to measure my child respirations per minute - I am not a medical professional...that is why I called him. After he blew us off, we ended up taking my son to the ER and he was diagnosed with pneumonia. On Dr. Dershewitz's behalf he did come to the ER ( I think that he felt guilty for blowing us off.)  Dr. Dershewitz is not very thorough and can be rather inattentative to parent's concerns.  Can be very condescending and asserts that HE is the medical professional and you (i.e. parents) are not. We had been his patient for over 3 years.  	5	3	2	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	0	It seems that everything with this doctor is a virus. I would take my kids in there and pay for an office visit for basically nothing. I felt it was a waste of time and stopped going to him. 		4	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	I have gone to many Drs. in my lifetime and Dr. Dana is without a doubt the most caring and quick on diagnosing and taking care of the problems of all.  I couldn't be more pleased with a Dr. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	Dr. Defries genuinely cares about healing his patients. If he is unsure about diagnosis, he will refer you to a knowledgeable specialist. So far, all referred doctors have been absolutely top notch and I am very satisfied with Dr. Defries as my GP. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	Very excellent doctor.  Takes his time with you and listens to everything.  Has good suggestions and listens to your suggestions.  Very kind and compassionate. 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	Always friendly and takes the time to talk to me. Asks good questions and willingly shares information. If he has doubts about the effectiveness of certain methods, he share that information and discusses other alternatives.  	1	3	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
66	1	He has been my doctor since I was a very young child. He has always been very friendly and approachable.  	5	4	5	4 	Insurance:Anthem
66	1	I have known Dr. DeFries since his Family Residence at Deaconess. He is an excelant Doctor and he has always helped me with my illness and questions. He takes the time to talk to you and a friendly smile.  He not just comes in and looks at your chart and then tells you are fine and leave. If he accepts new patients I highly recommend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
66	1	he has taken excellent care of my family since the mid seventys 	2	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
66	-1	i walked in his office on the verge of collapsing and he told me I was perfectly healthy, to young to have health problems, and I was just stressed. Turned out I was dehydrated and was having a reaction to something he prescribed me. I'm afraid to go back.  		3	2	2 	Insurance:Anthem
67	-1	.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	-1	I worked in a nursing home as a nurse and this doctor was a residents doctor, if thats what you want to call someone who cusses this nurse out for calling him at home on a sunday for help. Very unprofessional and uncaring for the elderly! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	I think Dr. Desantis is a fabulous Dr. after being pushed around by several doctors and being told me daughter had no issues, Doctor Desantis was able to recognize the problem and sent me to a neurologist that was able to diagnose my daughter with Cerebal Palsey. He also delivered my son and has wonderful bedside manners. I would recommend him to anyone.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
68	-1	I felt I was patronized, with all of my symptoms being blown off as part of a current syndrome. 		2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	Dr. Darroca delivered all four of my children!  He was always very knowledgeable and took care of my entire well-being!  My husband and I were very pleased.  However, I do not have many good things to say about his staff, especially his receptionists.  They are not friendly. 	1	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
69	-1	Very disappointed in Dr. Darroca and his staff. He lost some of my labs, did not follow up with me about results and just all around not what I expected from a professional stand point. I AM looking for a new OBGYN and would not recommend to anyone.  	2	2	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	1	He is a very nice doctor though his staff arent always as friendly. Often the wait is long but he is very knowledgeable.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
69	1	Dr. Darroca was a very attentive, compassionate, and helpful doctor during my daughters delivery.  She was born with complications, and he made sure I was emotionally well, and that I fully uderstood her complications. He even followed up with me and the baby while she was in the NICU.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
69	-1	Very Disappointed in his recent care and lack of concern for patient! 	3	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	Dr. Darroca is a wonderful doctor.  He is very caring and never rushes through appointments.  He takes plenty of time to answer questions and explains things thoroughly.  He is a nice guy that truly cares about his patients.  He is truly one of the best!!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	He is very thorough, professional, punctual &amp; approachable.  He listens, never rushes the patients and talks to the children.  He puts parents and children at ease. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	We love Dr. D!  He is very considerate of our children.  He listens to them and involves them in the discussion and explains things on a level they can understand.  He has never acted rushed or impatient, plenty of time for questions.  He spends time on normal developmental issues as well ,and I never feel silly asking questions.  Also very happy with the office staff,other pediatricians, scheduling, facilities etc. *Weekend on call system routes you through an &quot;Ask a Nurse&quot; type thing with no apparent way to reach any of the doctors in the practice*, if you want a real person during the night or Sunday, you go to the ER.... 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	Dr. Davis was one of the best doctors of any kind that we have ever been to. He is caring and considerate, compassionate and knowledgeable. I would recommend Dr. Davis to everyone! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	Dr. Davis is knowledgable and confident. He does not act like he is in a big hurry. He takes the time to answer any question. He is kind and polite. He remembered details about our first well child visit and remembered my daughter. He is willing to see you for after hours appointments. He has a 24 hour nurse available to answer questions. 		4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
71	-1	IF YOU WANT FIXED--GO TO ANOTHER DOCTOR! I really don't like to say negative things and post them on the internet but there is only one life and I want the best quality as possible. I went to see Dr. Dalton for severe pelvic pain. First after waiting in his office for almost 2 hours, my actual appointment was less than 5 minutes and his answer was lets remove your parts so that you won't have to worry about pain. WOW..I am not objective to removing my parts but what about any testing first&#63; Not just lets remove your parts. I was so upset after leaving my appointment. I was just another number that day. I guess after waiting for 2 hours to see the doctor and then seeing him for less than 5 minutes, I was more confused than ever.  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
71	1	Very kind and compassionate.  Takes time with you and listens with an open heart. 	4	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	Love him!!Went to him for problems.  Then found out I was having a baby so I stayed on with him.  Great doctor and highly suggest him to everyone.  Plan on going back with next pregnancy. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	. GREAT dr!! He took his time with us and we didn't leave the office without an unanswered question!!! I very highly recommend this doctor! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
72	1	Great Doctor!  Waited a while in the waiting room but once in to see the doctor I received his full attention.  Took time to talk to me and answer any questions.   Been a patient since 2008 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
72	1	I needed and Emergency C-section after my Midwife failed me greatly. Dr.  DeDelow not only saved me and my baby, my scar is so tiny and I healed so quickly! His Nurse Practicionaer is wonderfult too when he gets overbooked! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
72	1	I have been coming to Dr Dedelow for about 10 years and I would never go anywhere else.  He is definately the best OBGYN I have ever encountered.  He listens and is easy to talk to.  He is also very knowledgable.  I would recommend him to my friends and family.  I never mind the wait because I know I will have excellent care.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
72	1	I waited for an hour and a half to see Dr. Dedelow, I am not sure if he was behind or what. But he was very knowledgeable and took the time to explain stuff to me. Not to mention he gave me several options so that I can deciede on my own what I want to do. I think that the wait was def. worth getting answers for.  	3	1	4	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
72	1	Dr. Dedelow saved my life, literally. He takes care of his patients and explains things in a way that you can understand. During the birth of my son, he gave me many options, including to be induced, to wait, to have a med free birth, to have an epi, and different birthing positions. He was not just there to catch the baby, but was there to help me through my labor, as well. I have referred many many of my friends to him. 	3	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	I have seen Dr.  Dedelow for both of my babies and I loved his office! He is super friendly and straight forward! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
72	1	Dr. Dedelow has been my doctor for both of my children.  I found THE best doctor in NW Indiana! He is incredibly talented, easty to talk with, and despite the wait, he's worth it.  He delivered both my kids and was there quickly after too to check in on me.  He's just an all around wonderful person, and even better doctor.  I know I can ask him anything and he'll explain it patiently to me and make sure I understand everything.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
72	1	I am a patient of Dr Dedelow and a Surgical RN working with him in many of his surgeries, I know for a fact that he is a VERY talented and knowledgable OBGYN. He is in my opinion one of the VERY BEST in NW Indiana.. Yes you may have to wait a while in his office but he is WORTH THE WAIT!!!! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	I have been a patient of this doctor for a long time. I think he is wonderful and explained everything to me. He gave me options before I had to have surgery, AND he came into the recovey room after surgery to check on me. Not too many docs can be bothered 	5	1	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	I thought this doctor was wonderful and felt very reassured after seeing him.  He spent a great deal of time talking to me and explaining procedures and tests and surgical options.  He did not seem to try and influence my decision about what procedure he felt I should have, but gave me the necessary tools and information to make my own decision.  I did have to wait for him, but my feeling was that he was spending the time with other patients, just as he did with me when I needed it.  Most doctors are in and out of the room so fast, you forget to ask half of what you wanted to ask.  I appreciated the time he spent with me and would recommend him to others. 	4	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
72	-1	I went to this doctor five years ago and he was great, now I think he took more patients than he handle. When my baby was born he did not make it in time to the delivery, which happens, but he did not bother to ever check up on me afterwards and had someone else check me for my follow up exam. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
72	-1	This m.d. is a joke if you feel like wasting your time waiting and waiting and waiting feel free to visit him...oh he explains things poorly has no brochures that expalin things wants things his way and not whats comfortable with the patient, doesnt give options, uses harsh words to explain things 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	During my visit I felt that I was treated very well.I would absolutely recommend this doctor to my family and friends.  I felt this visit was a big help.Overall I would rate this visit : outstanding! 		3	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	I WANTED TO GO TO AN INDIANAPOLIS HAND SURGEON BECAUSE OF HIS INDIANAPOLIS REPUTATION. DR. DAVIS REFER ME TO THIS SURGEON, WHO THEN CALLED ME AND SAID,&quot;IF MY SON HAD YOUR SON'S PROBLEM, I WOULD BRING HIM TO DR. DAVIS-STAY THERE. I DID AND RESULTS WERE EXCELLENT.HE HAS HAND AND TRAUMA FELLOWSHIPS(IN EUROPE), ON SWISS NATIONAL FACULITY,AND IS BOARD CERTIFICATION.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
73	-1	Saw Davis after being hit by a car and thrown 13 feet. Told me I was being too active, then I wasnt active enough. Kept offering me Tylenol 3, and basically wrote me off because I am overweight. He left me sitting in the waiting room for 2 hours on one appointment. If you are injured and the least bit overweight he will blow you off and assume you are too lazy to follow instructions. I finally went to a different Orthopedist and he had me walking without a limp after physical therapy and an anti inflammatory. He was very compassionate and never once offered me a prescription for Tylenol 3.  		1	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
73	1	He never gave up on my broken hip, he did surgerical repair and when my body wasn't healing called in other doctor's to help him decide the best course, I wore a bone growth stimulator and when the radiologist said it was a non-healing fracture, he disagreed and went well beyond what another doctor might have done and now I walk well and have little pain. He is extremely knowledgeable and has won many honors and studied abroad.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
74	1	Dr. David I feel is one of the few great doctors left. I have always liked a doctor who is a natural, plus a good trouble shooter.  I have only seen a few of these in my time.  You can always tell a good doctor that does not need a ton of test (which testing can help) to know what is going on.  Plus,he is in the middle of the road of natural healing and western medicine. Keep up the good work. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
74	1	Dr David is a wonderful listener and so easy to talk to.. He's also very smart and makes you feel so comfortable in his presence!  I'm glad he's my family Doc!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
74	1	Dr. David is fabulous! He really listens to you and is concerned about you. He doesn't just prescribe medications, but wants to solve your health problems. I have never waited more than five minutes for an appointment and always get phone calls returned promptly.  I am so thankful to have him as a doctor! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Banner Health
74	1	He immediately responds to our families needs and always gives us the best recomendations or follows up with care. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
74	1	Dr. David is an excellent physician. He has cared for myself and my family for well over 5 years. He is very knowledgable and great with the kids. I have worked for many physicians in the South Bend area and would rate him as one of the highest in the area.  	4	2	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
75	1	First of all, our ins. company is not listed above.. Dr. Deardorff has taken care of our family for over 30 yrs., including all five of our now grown children.  He is absolutely wonderful, very knowledgeable, but most of all is very straight forward and honest.  If he does not know something, he will tell you.  If he makes an error, he admits that, too, although that seldom happens.  All in all, that tells me that I can trust him. Besides, I've had situations that his dx. was different than the specialist and it turned out that he was correct! (Note: my sister in law is a nurse and drives an hour and a half one way to make sure that she still has him for her doctor, since her husband was transferred. I would do the same.  If you are feeling horrible, he manages to cheer you up, but if there is a serious problem, he takes the time to listen.  He is our doctor but also a friend.  I've informed him many times that he cannot die or retire until I do.. God bless this wonderful man. 	 4/25/08	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
76	1	Excellent, caring, young physician. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
77	1	Dr. David was the best optometrist I've ever had!  She explained everything and now I am better with my comtacts and my eyes feel SO much better.  Everyone should go there! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
77	1	she goes out of her way to answer questions and does very thorough examinations.  love her 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
78	1	Dr. Davidson was professional, courteous, knowledgeable, and has a great bedside manner. She was extremely thorough and probed my medical history very methodically. She took her time, and I did not feel rushed. She answered all my questions. Of all the doctors I have seen in Canada and the US, she is the best.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
78	1	I felt she was very competent and looked out for my best interests better than I imagined. She was more interested in my health issues that were not presented as forefront reasons for my visit. I wish she were covered in my current insurance group so I could have her be my Primary Care Physician. I felt like she was the most interested doctor, concerned for my overall well-being, that I had ever been to. She was properly cautious but took care of things very quickly. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	Dr. Darroca made me feel like he trully cared about my concerns for my teeth. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	He is one of the best men I know. His presence just makes me feel good. He is an amazing doctor and amazing person.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
81	1	If it wasn't for her I'm not sure my father would be alive today.  She has a great practice. Everyone in the office is very pleasant and VERY helpful.  After our last experience with a primary care doctor in this area, Dr. S. Desphande is a breath of fresh air.   We cannot recommend her enough! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
82	-1	i been going to thi doctor of and on three years.he is the worst doctor i ever had.does not listen in considereat,mumbles how all the other doctors are wrong,am crazy.please dont see this doctor 	2	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
83	-1	I saw this dr. in the emergency room at Jasper County Hospital.  I had a blood pressure of 180/120 and a severe headache.  He was very rude to me and I told him I was allergic to Demerol.  He did not treat my high blood pressure.  Had nurse give me a shot of Demerol and I ended up vomitting all over.  I cleaned up my own vomit because the nurse taking care of me couldn't handle it.  I was sent home still with severe headache and elevated blood pressure.  Had friend drive me to hospital in Lafayette where I was admitted.  I would never see this dr. again under any circumstances.  He was awful.  I was humiliated and in tears when I left Jasper Co. Hospital emergency room.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
84	1	Dr. Dai is the best Dentist I have ever had! He is a very caring person that is always there for you. He makes you feel very comfortable and  always addresses any concerns you may have. Plus you get to watch tv durning any procedure :-) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	Great caring dentist Dr.  Dai and his staff goes the extra mile for his patients!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
85	-1	Dr. Davidson is not that great. He's too reluctant to provide medication and always in a hurry. There are times that he runs through my chart and does not know what he looking at or even know what to do. His staff is rude and unprofessional. If you ever need blood work, don't get it at this office. They don't know what they are doing. You will have a bruise for four months because they poke your arm 12 times to find a vein. This doctor is overrated. Go somewhere else.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
85	1	Awesome Dr. that doesn't panic and gives you the opportunity to work on medical issues before just throwing you on meds. He's very thorough and giving, especially with samples to help you out. He also has a terrific staff. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	Dr Davidson is an awesome Dr and I would reccomend him to anyone especially people with children. He always starts my kids exams out by kind of playing with them and setting them at ease. Even when they are there with me for my exams he always does this. My kids actually ask to go to the Dr when they feel the least little bit sick. Also I can call his office and tell him about an obivious infection or recurring problem and he will call in a rx and not make me come to the office for every little thing so he can bilk the insurance like a lot of Drs do.  He is just the best Dr I have ever had!!!!! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
86	-1	Not very pleasant, especially to staff. Did not appear knowledgeable when I was in the hospital. I would definately not recommend this doc.  	2	2	2	2 	Insurance:Medicare
86	1	Without any question the best Doctor I have ever visited.  Kind,Funny,Brilliant 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
86	1	He is a wonderful caring and straight forward Dr. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
87	-1	I went to Dr.DelRosario when I suspected I was having a miscarriage.  I left the office not really sure whether or not I actually was having one.  Several days later I found out I did in fact have a miscarriage when the lab test came back.  I'm not sure why she didn't choose to tell me in so many words, but I left feeling worse than when I went into the office.  Doctors should give you answers and reassure you.  Also I asked for pain medication (specifically I asked for 800 mg ibuprofen) but no. &quot;Just take some aleve.&quot;  Aleve for some reason doesn't work for me.  I already have to take tylenol or midol for the pain I get during regular menstrual cycles, this was like that times a thousand.  I would have rated my pain at a 7 or 8 out of 10.  She was not kind with me even though I was physically suffering, not to mention mentally.  She treated me like I was a &quot;drug seeker&quot; and acted like I was making the miscarriage up. Needs to work on people skills and communication.  	4	3	1	2 	Insurance:CIGNA
88	1	Could improve follow bed side visit during stay 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	One of the best doctors I have ever been to. She doesn't dismiss your concerns and questions like so many other physicians that I've been to. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	I have to agree with the other poster...she is an incredible doctor.  She's always friendly, kind, compassionate, and explains everything very well.  I've had many doctors over the years and she's, by far, my very favorite. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
90	-1	Dr. Delle Donne is the rudest doctor I have ever encountered.  His flippant and arrogant manner is beyone belief.  I was diagnosed with cancer and sent to this fool.  He told me it was not big deal, no wait he told other doctors it was not big deal and then ame back to tell me that it was a big deal.  I quickly was sent to IU where, they have real colo rectal doct.  I would never ever recommend this jerk.  As for his staff, Patty is not helpful and refused to schedule me at St. Joe.  Do yourself a favor and stay far way from this ass clown.   It is not worth risking your life going to this fool! 	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
90	-1	Experienced Delle Donne as negligent &amp; his manner often flippant. He aggressivly disregarded hospitalists noted concerns, causing patients' small bowel to burst furthering already horrific suffering and fragility worse. Patient quality of life made wretched until her death.  	4	4	1	2 	Insurance:Medicare
90	1	I had my gallbladder removed by this Dr and one week later two of my incisions were infected. He wouldn't see me right away. Two weeks later for my checkup I got postponed. Open wounds that are infected aren't a major concern to this Dr. 	4	4	2	5 	Insurance:Unknown
90	1	I was very happy with my experience with Dr. Delledonne.  I would go to him again and I would highly recommend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:GHI
90	-1	Dr. Delledonne is a skilled surgeon but lacks any bed-side manner. I didn't feel as if he was concerned with me as he was concerned with his successful record. I was treated with a ruff hand, with little feeling of my discomfort, after my surgery. The infection that incurred after the surgery was treated extremely ruff as the staples were removed and the wound was cleaned with gauze. Even being on morphine, the procedure was painfull. I asked Dr. Delledonne if we could take a brake midway through the cleaning proceedure and his response was &quot;no&quot;, and did not elaborate. I will be reluctant to use his services in the future.  	4	3	1	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
90	-1	My mother is currently dead, although not from what Dr. Delledonne did, so I must be her voice. He caused her extreme pain when he examined her wounds after the surgery he did. He said absolutely nothing as he stuck his fingers and Q-tips in and out of her wounds. He offered her no pain reliever (maybe conscious sedation&#63;) and didn't even say it would hurt or what he was going to do. He went on for a lengthy period of time. She had trouble healing in the area that he &quot;examined&quot; her. He is not a communicative doctor at all. If a person asks any questions, his standard comments are things such as, &quot;Are you a doctor&#63;&quot; or &quot;Are you a nurse&#63;&quot; He gave her an antibiotic that probably caused an extreme rash and didn't make her feel well, but never withdrew it for another drug. My personal recommendation: Find another surgeon. My main problem with him--he may be able to do surgery, but he does not appear to be a caring doctor. 		4	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	Went into him with chronic problems with my ankle.  Made the decision for surgery and he walked me through (no pun intended) the entire procedure.  I would recommend Dr. D to anyone looking for help with their feet or ankles. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	I have had two outpatient bunion surgeries Dr. D. DETOMMASO. I followed recovery instructions explicitly and both went very well. Both the office and hospital staff were professional and caring. I recommend this surgeon. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	This dr. is undoubtedly one of the best.  Suffering from early childhood with foot deforming bunions, at the ripe old age of 48, he corrected them and removed &quot;arthritis&quot; that had begun in the area.  He kept me informed at all times and made sure I understood the procedure and what would be required afterward.   Excellent! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
91	1	Listens to my problems about my feet.  Explains and then will sit down and explain again if I need it. You will really get a sense that he cares. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
91	-1	At the time no knowledge of preventing bloodclots 		3	3	1 	Insurance:Unknown
92	-1	very poor communication skills. Does not care about patient in pain.  considers everyone a drug seeker.  will not answer questions. very impatient.  if you don't fit into her way of thinking well too bad for you.  	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
93	1	Fast, and very friendly.  Dr. Derosa was very thorough and listened to all of my information about my current sickness.  She prescribed exactly what I thought she might.  It was my first visit and I am very satisfied.  The prescription was E scripted to Walmart and it was sent and filled in a timely fashion.  There was a follow up phone call to me, made by Immediate Care Center 2 days later.  I would strongly reccomend this doctor and the staff at Immediate Care Center in Schererville, Indiana.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
94	1	Dr. Day is a caring, patient doctor.  He takes all the time you need, &amp; has a wonderful bedside manner.  His staff is so friendly.  I wholeheartedly recommend Dr. Day.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
94	-1	Our entire family had him as our family doctor. Eventually, we all left him because he didn't care and was lazy.  Not caring whatsoever.  It's a waste of time to see him.  	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
94	0	 	5	4	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
95	-1	I started out as some of the other posters did, impressed with the time spent by this doctor. Over time it became apparent that she was, as noted above, very unprofessional and seemed unable to deal with more serious conditions. Could it be that she has so much time to spend because she keeps losing patients&#63; 	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
95	1	Dr. Dharma Defrese has helped us tremendously for over ten years. She is very caring, knowledgable and capable. It is refreshing to have a doctor that takes her time and focuses on the patient. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
95	1	I am not sure why anyone would not rate Dr. Defrese with all &quot;best&quot; ratings. She is a great doctor. She is unconventional so if that is not something you're looking for, then she is not for you. And what I mean by unconventional is that she does not rush you out after your 15min or 30min time period is up. She spends an amazing amount of time with her pts to get to know them so she can treat them the best way possible. She answers her own phone, talks to pts personally and I've never known another Dr. who would care enough let alone take the time to do so. She found things that no other Dr had ever found and now I'm feeling better than I ever have. She will sit down and take her time and actually listen to everything you have to say. She's thorough, smart and a great lady all around. Please give her a chance, if you don't, you might be missing out on a healing you've never known before!!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
95	-1	Only visited once. Thought this doctor was very unprofessional. Will not return. 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
95	-1	I used to go to this physician and at first I thought she seemed caring but unconventional as the previous poster says.  After several visits her lack of knowledge, unprofessional demeanor, and inability to handle all but the most minor of complaints became apparent.  I witnessed her yelling at her staff and several other instances of completely inappropriate behavior.  She also failed to diagnose several things that my next physician was able to very quickly diagnose and successfully treat. I also think she completely overcharges.... All I can say is be VERY, VERY cautious.... 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
95	1	Definitely not your run-of-the-mill doctor, shuffling around in her socks, eating her afternoon snack. She doesn't seem interested in putting on a good &quot;show&quot;, just intensely interested in her patient...taking notes like a detective and referencing her books with no shame. After dealing with so many &quot;absent&quot; doctors, herding patients in and out like cattle, I found Dr. Defrese to be a refreshingly caring doctor unbound by convention. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
95	-1	I am unable to make comments at this time except to say that I was very dissatisfied and felt that this doctor was unprofessional and was not competent to handle the problem I presented with. 		3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
95	-1	 		2	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
96	1	. Great Personality----VERY NICE----Excellent Care 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
97	1	Dr. DeSanto has always been very complete in examinations, diagnostic testing and follow up.  I am not the person who always goes to the Doctor when he needs to.  Dr. Desanto looks after me and reminds me of yearly physicals and shots.  When I have needed to be seen quickly, for illness, Dr. Desanto and the Nurse Practitioner Sandy Horan-Toll have always promptly set an appointment and given appropriate treatment.  I have never had Medical Office treatment that has even approached this level of care and concern.  Dr. Desanto is an Internal Medicine Specialist and is qualified to treat me for just about anything. (within his knowledge base-when necessary I have been quickly sent to other Medical Specialities)  I am thankful that I have found such a fine source of Medical support.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
97	-1	I didn't want to go on Beatta He wouldn't talk about it He told me to find another doctor. 	4	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
98	-1	very unprofessional and has very imcompetent staff 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
98	1	Dr. Dalal is a fine gastroenterologist I have been with going on ten years. I have absolute trust in his medical opinions.  	4	1	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
98	-1	This doctor seemed to care only about collecting his fee, after diagnostic surgery I was charged an additional amount for an office visit to discuss the results and treatment I needed. He did not treat the nurses who assisted him well. I would not go to him again. 		2	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
99	1	compassionate, took long time to make sure i understood problem.   Reconmended by 3 doctors I use and trusted for years 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
99	1	AFTER GOING TO 3 KIDNEY SPECIALISTS AND HAVING AN MRI AND CAT SCAN, DR DIAMOND FOUND MY PROBLEN WITH JUST I STOMACH X-RAY.  IT WAS CORRECTED AND I HAVE BEEN FINE EVER SINCE.  	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
99	-1	I had surgery to remove my kidney stone.  After the surgery, Dr. Diamond told me that he removed the kidney stone.  I ended up being released the same day, but later began having severe pains in my kidney.  I called Dr. Diamond on a sunday and told him I was in pain.  He seemed angry that I called him on his day off and told me I was over reacting.  I was in so much pain and he did not seem to care.  I later called my old Doctor from Illinois who told me to go to the ER at South Suburban Hospital right away.  My old Doctor told me that if soounded like the stone was not removed.  I went to the ER as told and learned that the kidney stone was in the same position in my ureter and was not removed as told by Dr. Diamond.  I was losing function in my kidney and needed emergency surgery.  I had to have a second surgery to remove the stone.  This was a horrible experience and I hope no one has to go through this.  Dr. Diamond lied to me and my family and did not care for my well being.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
99	-1	I has a sever bladder infection (Dr. Diamonds specialty) on May 4th 2007. I had pain for a few days before and thought I was just constipated. After a bowel movement on the third, that’s when I knew. I contacted Dr. Diamond about coming in that day, and the best he could do was May 21st. Not being able to take the pain that long I looked elsewhere, and found another Urologist who could see me that day, the 4th, and within 30 minutes of my call, and that included travel to his office. I was in obvious distress (the other doctor’s receptionist said “Oh you sound bad”. I would NOT recommend Dr. Diamond at all. Either he doesn’t care, or he has the practice just as a tax break, and just wants to concentrate his efforts to the hospital. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
