dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	-1	 Dr Waggy just reminds me of one of those people that look great on the outside to others, but really is struggling with his confidence and the reason im saying this is because he not only did he try to make me feel like a total idoit, but completley doesnt listen to what you saying because he is just a KNOW IT ALL doctor! Just a small town, closed minded and most of all arrogant doctor whom I hope to whomever is reading this will never go to him.  	4	3	1	1	Insurance:AnthemPaid/Co-pay:N/A
1	1	commentsDr. Waggy was very caring and took time out of his busy day to sit and talk about what was currently happening in my life. He was very knowledgeable and I felt he treated me appropriately. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	 Dr. Wagler diagnosed me with inflammation of the cornea. He prescribed me Prednisolone eye drops via the E script system. He was concerned the E script might not have transmitted to the pharmacy. Dr. Wagler gave me an after hours phone number in case the pharmacy or myself needed to contact him to obtain the script. I am truly greatfuly for his kindness and concern for my care. Dr. Wagler went above and beyond to help me get the care I needed to treat my eye condition. I would recommend him to everyone.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:AnthemPaid/Co-pay:N/A
8	1	.  He is the best!! He don't jerk your around like most in this area 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
8	1	comments 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	 Dr. Walker has delivered 2 of my 3 children,and has also preformed a d&c; that I unfourtantly had to have. He is hands down the best OB/GYN in Indiana. I would recommend him to anyone.He is caring, easy to talk to, and always shows how much he cares for you and your little bun in the oven!I always had scheduled c-sections, but always went in to labor much earlier. He always made it a point to be the one to take care of me and that was so refreshing.He's also great with helping you find the right birth control after a birth that works for your lifestyle.  Many of my friends go to him and have wonderful experiences! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:AetnaPaid/Co-pay:N/A
11	1	 I am so pleased with Dr.Walker as my OBGYN. He is friendly, his staff is great, the wait is always very short, I think he prides himself on that. After my regular exams he always comes back in and answers any and all of my questions, no matter how small or insignificant it is. He is very knowledgable. He takes time to make sure his patients are happy and asks about our family. I always recommend him to friends that are unhappy with their OBGYN.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:AnthemPaid/Co-pay:N/A
12	-1	 Is this woman really a doctor or just an actor who plays one in an office&#63; She acted as if everything I told her was a lie. She never did any follow up with me and a monthlater I was in the hospital with thyroid problems. Never went back to her and I suggest no one else does either.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:AnthemPaid/Co-pay:N/A
12	-1	commentsDr. Wahl does NOT stay current in her medical knowledge. She does not even follow the  American Endocrine Assoc. guidelines for Thyroid Cancer treatment and follow-up. She had me on a medicine the AEA specifically warns against. She specifically told me NOT to follow a Low Iodine Diet prior to my radiation treatment and the 1 (and only in 9 years) scan to check for cancer spreading, which made my treatment and scans INVALID. DO NOT go to Dr. Wahle. NO WAY. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	.  She is wonderful!  Her husband is an OB/GYN and the both rock!  She is wonderful with the kids! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
18	1	 loved Dr. Wagner. i didn't know how i was going to feel with a male OBGYN but he was so at ease and there was no awkwardness whatsoever. he listened to everything i had to say and was incredibly helpful and to-the-point.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:AnthemPaid/Co-pay:$20
18	1	.  Awesome doctor!!  He is very quiet, but is very nice! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
35	1	 I have seen other chronic pain doctors and Dr. Waling makes them look like fools.  He has a very caring personality and extremely knowledgable in his ability to assist me.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:TricarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
35	-1	comments 	1	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	 Dr Waling is Awesome.. he is so caring and considerate. His nurses are great with the exception of one. all the staff in the procedure room were caring and very nice. His nurses do not control him by any means.. he is the one in charge. he has helped me greatly control and manage my pain, if you suffer from pain constantly you cant expect to be totally pain free, but it can be greatly managed so that you can function productivly. He is a great doctor. so glad i was sent to him.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:AnthemPaid/Co-pay:N/A
35	-1	 Doctor seems knowledgable and spent a fair amount of time with me. Medications he provided were not helpful though and very powerful drugs. In addition, his nursing staff is extremely rude and unprofessional. They talked negatively about patients including myself right outside my door. I left crying.It is very difficult to actually speak with someone on the phone and they are bad at returning phone calls.  	1	4	2	2	Insurance:AnthemPaid/Co-pay:N/A
35	-1	commentsI agree with the previous posts.  Dr. Waling does appear to know his anatomy and related terms.  He fails to provide true pain management and does indeed allow his nurse to control him and his office. He use to spend a great deal of time with his patients but that is no longer true.  Your family dr. can provide as much if not more needed help. 	1	3	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	 Dr Waling has been a Godsend to my husband who had been in pain for a long time.  He is a kind, gentle and compasionate Physician, and you do not find that very often. I also work with many doctors at a clinic, and I have never seen a better bedside manner.   He seems to be very knowledgeable and is also very thorough.   He is Awsome!!!! 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:MedicarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
35	1	 Dr. Waling is extremely knowledgeable in physical anatomy, joint, tendon, muscle and nerve physiology and injury.  Unlike most specialists, his bedside manner is impecable.  He cares as much for the comfort of his patients as their favorable treatment and beneficial and long-lasting result of treatment.  He is an outstanding physician.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:AetnaPaid/Co-pay:N/A
35	-1	 I had to wait for the doctor almost an hour and all he did was write prescriptions.  I was concerned about area where I was experiencing pain and kept asking him what it was or causing it and he just ignored me repeatedly.  Waste of my time and money.  Will never go back.  	3	1	1	1	Insurance:HumanaPaid/Co-pay:N/A
35	1	 Although seemed very thorough and knowledgeable, after seeing him, his nurse controlled everything.  You could not even get to see him without her approval.  She would not allow me to talk to him to ask one quick question on back that she was unable to anser.  After failing to fill out needed paperwork (2 brief pages) as she had promised, I contacted her and she absolutely refused to fill out required work and insurance form.  Doctor tried to push painkillers and wanting an alternative, he hooked me up with some quackery device that I was supposed to be buying on a monthly basis.  After contacting the company to discontue the use due to ineffectiveness, they informed me that there was never a purchase plan as the doctor had said.  I never would have owned it after paying $2,000.     STAY AWAY FROM THIS OFFICE!!!   Something is not right about that relationship between doctor and nurse  (I am not insinuating a sexual relationship, just that she controls him and his office totally) 	1	4	3	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
35	-1	commentsMy son was not helped at all.  The doctor spent a lot of time with us and used a lot of big words, but did not actually accomplish anything.  He prescribed strong pain medicine that should never have been used on a minor, especially since the source of pain had not been clearly identified.  The college he attended was shut down the following year for illegal activity; if I had known that, I would have chosen another doctor from the beginning. 	1	4	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	commentsAWESSOMEEEEEEEE DR. very very caring, is very straight forward. If he can't help you he will tell you he can't and actually seems to be upset that he can't help you. He will take as much time as he needs to. We need more DRs. like him. Deffinetly a KEEPER. His nurse, she is awesooommee also. I love this man. glad I am able to go to him again. Had to stop for awhile because of insurance. 	5	3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	commentsDr Wagner and his staff by far exceeded our expectations! He listened to my issues and treated me both in and out of the office with respect and was very caring. Highly recommended! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
40	0	 Very poor front desk support. I always had the feeling that they just wanted me to leave them alone. Bad at answering calls and returning phone calls. Dentist is competent but tries to &quot;over-sell&quot; services - in other words, treats aggressively.  	1	3	3	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
40	-1	 poor customer service in crown point office, After I complained . Dr wadas did not even return my call to follow up.  	1	1	1	3	Insurance:CIGNAPaid/Co-pay:N/A
41	1	 Dr. Waldo saved or lives by figuring out what was wrong with our teenager.  The diet and supplements are a huge hassle, but we can't argue with the outcome.  He's like that TV show House, where he finally figures out what's wrong, and then creates a treatment plan that should work.  Getting appointments and questions answered is not easy due to his popularity, but there's not much I can do about that.  	3	2	5	5	Insurance:AnthemPaid/Co-pay:N/A
41	1	commentsCutting edge doc.  Hard to get into, but worth the wait!  Indy needs more of him. 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	commentsI began seeing Dr.Waldo 3 yrs ago. Prior to seeing him I had osteopenia and my cholesterol level was up.I had asthma,asthmatic bronchitis, allergies,neurological issues,acid reflux,bleeding ulcers,and diarrhea.My list of specialists was growing,and traditional pharmaceuticals didn't help.My quality of life was diminishing.  Six months after seeing Dr.Waldo,the labs run by my internist came back perfect.My osteopenia was gone and my cholesterol was good.My pulmonologist said my lungs were functioning well and he dismissed me.My neurologist performed a balance test with perfect results.My cardiologist doesn't want to see me for another 10 years!  I feel great.I am off prescription medications, have no asthma,stomach issues,neurological problems,or diarrhea.  Patients who complain about following a healthy diet,the number of labs run and the amount of supplements they take are individuals who will not get better as either they are not sick enough or they lack a commitment to getting well. 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
41	-1	commentsBe warned: Dr. Waldo does not accept insurance and just raised his hourly rate to $325.00.  On top of that, he is raking in the $$ by recommending hundreds of dollars worth of supplements.  His practice is nutritional and he provides no psychotherapy.  While I don't think this is illegal, it seems like a scam. 	1	4	1	3	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	commentsBetween appointments, expensive tests, and supplements we spent thousands of dollars out of pocket with little positive result.  On top of that, the office staff has jerked us around with scheduling mix-ups and last minute cancellations.  The last straw was when they called me to cancel an appointment after I moved two other appointments to accommodate their schedule. Time to find a professional who cares. 	1	3	2	5	Insurance:Unknown
41	0	commentsIf you're expecting talk therapy as part of treatment - look elsewhere.   Tests, tests, and tests.  The last one recommended was $995 - that was the last straw.  After an emergency relating to his treatment he would not call to communicate w/ hospital treatment staff.  Very disapointing. 	4	2	2	3	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	 I saw Dr. Waldo for 2 years.  While I did see improvement there was never a point in time where I felt that everything was where it should be.  Dr. Waldo puts a lot of emphasis on tests and while I think his attempting to find root causes and to treat them is good I don't think there is enough knowledge on the function of the brain to the point where that can always work.  Overall I would give Dr. Waldo high marks for caring and trying but I have come to believe that he does not have the answer in my case and I have decided to seek care elsewhere.  	4	3	3	4	Insurance:N/APaid/Co-pay:$151
41	1	commentsDr Waldo Saved my daughters life--misdiagnosed and overmedicated for 10 years, he has given her back to us.  Her dosages were way to high and he has spent the last 8 months adjusting them.  I have watched my daughter come out of a &quot;coma&quot; and live life again.  I pray others find Dr Waldo and that other Doctors would learn how to &quot;find&quot; the problem--not throw medication at it 	2	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	 Dr. Waldo correctly diagnosed our son with OCD after numerous wrong diognosis,hospitalizations and medication disasters.   He knows what he is doing! 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:AnthemPaid/Co-pay:N/A
41	1	 Dr Waldo was the first doctor to correctly diagnose my condition and help me after a 20 year battle with depression.  The lady who expected a &quot;talk therapy&quot; session with a psychiatrist is dated in her thinking and mis-informed.  She needs to see a psychologist for this service.  People who are small minded and still complain do only harm.  Please do not listen to her. This doctor is sincere, honest, and highly trained.  He is very much cutting edge and will save your life.   He did this for me 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
41	-1	commentsDr. Waldo did not provide any psychotherapy and this is why I was being seen.  All he did was draw labs and suggest vitamins.  I left to persue a psychiatrist who would engage in therapy with their patients.  Unfortunately I had already spent a significant amount of money.  Would no recommend this doctor.  I am happy elsewhere. 	2	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
41	-1	commentsDr. Waldo would not return phone calls and would not work with my family physican when asked to by me.  I did not find this doctor to be helpful to my overall health.  I will definitely not recommend him to anybody. 	2	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
41	-1	commentsHe was not honest with my husband and I.  He was not honest in reports he wrote on our behalf.  Very unprofessional and not trustworthy.  Stay away.  I WISH WE WERE WARNED!!! 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	 I couldn't ask for better, more professional, cutting edge, medical care!  He has combined  common sense Holistic care with traditional Western medicine.  While most Western MD's use the band-aid approach, Dr. Waldo looks for the physiological causes of the problem and creates a nutritional program to address them.  I see him as a maverick in his field and a true healer!  I am thankful beyond words to have found him!  I am convinced that Dr.  Waldo helped us to avoid certain tragedy with regard to my teen! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:AnthemPaid/Co-pay:N/A
41	1	 I feel he was one of the best psychiatrists here in Fort Wayne. He was on the cutting edge of psychiatry. Unfortunately that doesn't mean the old style psychiatrists will accept you. The only negative thing I have to say is he moved his practice too often and now has left Ft. Wayne for Indy.  :( 	5	3	5	5	Insurance:MedicarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
44	1	commentsSo far he seems very knowledgeable about Parkinsons.  He seems quite concerned and willing to take time with his patient. He is trying different meds in addition to current ones and making suggestions to help the situation.  So far he is seeing the patient every four weeks to check reactions to the meds.  So far we have been pleased with him. 	5	5	4	4	Insurance:Unknown
44	-1	commentsTends to not go outside the box for diagnoses,offers same treatments and meds to most patents, had encounter with outher patent.pushes cortizone shots,and neuronton.not well informed on MS. 	5	4	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
44	-1	commentsHe is one of the most awful and unknowledgable doctor I've seen. He sees you suffering but doesn't do anything to help you because doesn't want to get involved with your insurance company. He doesn't follow up your situation on regular basis and doesn't look into small details and symptoms of disease. I beg everybody to avoid him if they like their lives. 	4	4	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	 Dr. Wagner is a caring doctor that takes the time to talk to patients.  He works with you in providing the appropriate treatments and medications that fit your diagnosis, along with your current symtoms.  Dr. Wagner is a straight shooter and he will give the appropriate treatment.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
47	1	 Dr. Waldron is great.  He takes time to listen to you and is very caring.  He's honest and will do his best to take care of you and your family.  He has been our family Dr. for 6 years and we have no complaints.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
47	1	commentsDoctor Waldron and his staff care a great deal about their patients. Doctor Waldron takes time to listen to them and their concerns. It will sometimes throw off his punctuality, but he takes the time needed with each patient. He answers questions about the treatments he uses. Dr. Waldron has compassion, a sense of humor, and truly cares about people.  This is very evident in his practice.  He is one of the best family practice doctors I have ever encountered. 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	commentsDr. Wade was very personable and answered all my questions. We are lucky to have such a nice eye doctor in our neighborhood. we will see him for years to come. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	commentsExcellent bedside manner. Well informed and helpful. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
73	-1	commentsNot thorough with diagnosis; not a good surgeon 	4	4	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
84	-1	 This Doctor prescribed very addictive pain meds to me for over a year. For chronic back pain. In June of 2010 I went to my 30 day re-check for med refills and was told that I had been dis-charged and would not be seen ever again at that office. when i asked why; they said it was because my husband did not follow his contract, so therfore the whole family was dis-charged. No phone call, letter, nothing. No warning at all.They kicked me out like a piece of trash for something another patient did. My husband and I were 2 seperate files. So here i was, with no medication that they got me addicted to,and no advice or help. I honestly dont believe that what they did was legal. When I signed the &quot;narcotics agreement&quot; it did not state on there anywhwere that I would be punished for the actions of another patient. I followed the rules.This should not have happened. And they did not care. Verry un-feeling and cold. DO NOT SEE THIS DOCTOR. They only care about money, not &quot;your&quot; health.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
88	-1	commentsHe was unwilling to help me with my condition, but rather tested various treatment ideas on me. 	2	2	1	3	Insurance:Unknown
