dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	General Check up.  Was friendly, seemed knowledgable, and made me and my family member comfortable in the waiting room.  	5	5	5	4 	Insurance:Anthem
1	1	She dx'd me with a rare breast cancer that a Hospital Breast Center did not identify when it didn't have a lump, didn't show on a mammo or an ultrasound.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
2	-1	Dr. William Young is unperson able and down right rude in his after care after surgery. His help after surgery down right sucks. The funny thing is that was more than willing to explain what ever was needed to get you on a table and under a knife but his post op relations suck. I will never have and any more contact with him once im released from his care. 	2	2	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	-1	He was always late and when he did get there we would have to wait. He wasn't very nice to his staff and if he didn't get his way he would through a fit in front on the patients 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
4	-1	Doctor Yu would be an two hours late. They would have people waiting in exam rooms for hours. When Doctor got there he would be on the phone for a while while making people wialt when they could here him talking on the phone. The people in the waiting room could her Doctor Yu talking in the exam room all about the person he was seeing and their hole medical case and what drugs they prescibed. 		1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
5	-1	Impossible to get a hold of!  Left messages for a week before being contacted for an appt.  Cancelled appt. without contacting patient!  My father in law has stint (or something) in his neck which needs to be removed because he does not need dialysis... or does he&#63;  Don't know because we have been trying to get Dr.  Yao to see him for over 3 weeks!!!  Couldn't be more disappointed and disheartened by a doctor! 	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Medicare
5	-1	The only positive about this visit was he was on time. Its probably because he has no patients because. He smiles a lot but doesn't know medicine.  	1	5	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
5	-1	Must be a good doctor, BUT YOU CANNOT UNDERSTAND HIS ENGLISH. HE WILL NEED A TRANSLATOR. 		3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
6	-1	Poor bedside manners, lack of cultural sensitivity, unable or uncooperative to answer patient's concerns and questions. Displayed an uncaring and arrogant demeanor.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
6	-1	Dr. Yun misdiagnosed my Daughter which led to her death.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	dr.yoder is GREAT like a family member she takes care of my 3 grandsons my daughter and son-in-law, myself and my husband. has never made a mistake or forgotten anything. and i think most importantly...she LISTENS to you. never makes you feel like you don't count,or that you are less intelligent then she is. and she can be very firm which also is a plus. try her, you will like her. we have been her patients for years,and we all like her really well 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
7	1	Dr. Yoder is by far the best family doctor I've seen.  She sat down with me about a medical issue I was having and went through every detail, symptoms, treatments, side effects and tests until she made sure I understood them.  She was with me for 40 minutes! I've never been to a doctor that cares as much as she does about her patients and has the outstanding &quot;bed-side&quot; manner that she does.  Not to mention the fact that when she says she will call you with information, it's actually her that is calling, not a nurse.  Dr.  Yoder is truly gifted in her practice, I consider myself lucky to have her as my family doctor! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
7	1	Very thoughtful and understanding. A very kind person. Willing to talk to people so that they can understand what is going on, and what to expect.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:MAMSI
7	1	I found Dr. Yoder to be nice and, though a bit formal, to have a pleasant manner. She is very traditional in her approach to medicine and is a good resource when dealing with things that are usual and expected. Except in one instance (out of four) I did not find her (or her staff) to be as helpful when assisting patients with a referral when moving beyond her practice for advanced care; patients are told to initiate contact with the doctors to which they are being referred without assistance to ensure that referral appointments occur in a timely manner. Patients may find this to be particularly difficult in instances where the ailment is difficult to manage or hinders daily functioning.  		4	4	3 	Insurance:Anthem
7	1	Kind,careing,gentle, understanding of patients emotional as well as physical problems. Refers aptients if expertise is beyond her experience. Excellent and efficient staff. This a real &quot;family-orientd&quot; doctor and practice. Highly satisfied in every way.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	1	He knows his stuff. The only doctor so far with a high success rate of accurate diagnosis. And with good explanations. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	He asks you a few questions and gets to work.  He's good at what he does.  I'd go to him again.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
8	1	He saved my life after other doctors nearly killed me. Very, very smart and caring.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
8	1	Guy has &quot;dancing eyes&quot; that pour &quot;smartness.&quot;  Not much bedside manner, but do you want a chatter upper incompetent, or do you want this guy who is a great ENT surgeon&#63;  He has a lot of patients and does not waste time.  Smiley face all the way for his competency.  Would go to him again in a heartbeat.  	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:Medicare
8	-1	 	5	4	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	Usually get in same day appt. Nice staff and very accomadating. Would definately recommend this office.  Nice clean environment as well 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
9	1	Dr. Young listens very well. There are times when he's describing a condition, I feel like if I had the right book I could read every word he is saying.  Not a doctor to go to if you need some heavy duty pains killers.  	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
9	1	Dr Young has always got me in when I need to see him even when he is booked and stays over.  This means a lot to a patient.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
9	1	Dr. You is very understanding and listens well. I would reccommend him to every family! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	Dr Young has a great personality. Very easy to talk to.  Highly recommended 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
10	0	Avoid dealing with stupid billing. Expect double billing if you are divorced parent. Both parents will be billed for the same service or co-pay.  	1	1	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	1	Doctor was kind and informative. I find it hard to believe that he would be considered anything but professional. I have never waited longer that 5 minutes in the waiting room and a nurse is prompt to get your info once you get in the room. He is very informative and gave me all my options by explaining what was exactly wrong with my back and possable side effects of having a surgury and doing nothing. This is a fine Doctor and a good person. I would recommend him to anyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
11	-1	Dr Yount's general attitude was smarmy and uninterested. He listened to talk &amp; disregarded feedback when trying to describe my pain. I sensed he equated looking good with feeling good &amp; made the assumption that if I was not stooped over &amp; unable to walk, that the pain must not be that bad. He was dismissive &amp; irritated that I continued to ask questions about a possible remedy or other treatments. &quot;We all get back pain when we get old...and sometimmes we just have to live with it,&quot; was a remark he made. He also did not understand or more likely feigned not to understand the term &quot;mechanics,&quot; as it relates to fixing the mechanics of the problem to eliminate the pain vs. perscribing pain meds, physical therapy, pain management etc. It's my opinion that Dr. Yount assessed my phyiscal condition based upon outward appearances &amp; disregarded my feedback &amp; other diagnosis. I left feeling Dr. Yount did not go out of his way to get to the bottom of the problem &amp; was generally mentally lazy.  	5	4	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	1	Dr Yount is a no nonsense guy who is my personnel hero. He changed my life taking my pain away. Takes all the tme you need and very precise in his exams. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	Dr. Yount is very professional, went out of his way and spent time with us to explain what was happening and what to expect. His bedside manner is a reflection of what kind of doctor he is. Dr. Yount is upfront/honest and respectful.  We would recommend him to our family and friends.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
11	-1	Dr.Yount was very rude, fast, stuck up, did not want to answer questions. I would not send an animal to him.  He treated me with such direspect as a person. I waited over 1 hr. to see him with no discount, yet they charge us for being 15 min late&#63; They forget we hired them to work for us.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	0	Very sarcastic and does not like to be questioned about getting other opinions concerning your health.Also does not like anyone questioning his decisions.I would have respect for him if at least he could say that he did not have the knowledge to help me, but find someone who could. I found that someone myself and I'm well today 		4	2	3 	Insurance:Anthem
12	0	I saw this physician in the ER at Carmel St. Vincent and he had a poor bedside manor. He was rude to me and that was very upsetting particularly in an ER situation. 	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	Very good doctor tries very hard to find an explanation for symptoms and explains everything in terms you can understand. Very thorough.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
14	-1	Bad. Misdiagnoses, doesn't listen. Didn't refer child to first steps.  	5	2	2	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
14	-1	 	 3/30/11	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
14	-1	She is the most impersonal doctor I have ever met. I was with her for a year and then switched to Dr. Lahr. I would come in with a handful of health concerns at each appt and she would always only address one. That really frustrated me since I live 30 minutes away and so I drove an hour total just for 1/5 of my questions to be addressed each time. She belittled my health concerns and doesn't value my thoughts or opinions. Literally the worse doctor I have ever had. (And I have had quite a few doctors. ) 	4	4	1	2 	Insurance:Tricare
14	-1	Doctor failed to maintain clinical detachment-inappropriate sense of humor etc.-throughout the office visit. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
14	-1	I used to see her, and unfortunately my mom still sees her. I quit her after and I got into an arguement over treatment that she missed that I had to go to the ER for. She has put my mom on a LOT of medicines that don't go together and she won't treat my mom for a lot of her different medical conditions. She gave me a lot of grief when I was pregnant because I had high blood pressure and wouldn't see me and said I had to go to someone else.  I personally don't have use for a doctor with a superiority complex that doesn't know how to properly treat patients in any way that statement can be took! 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
14	1	i have seen her for many years i have had both of my children with her as my doctor.   she was a great ob.  there are times that i belive she could be better and there are times that she was GREAT very helpful and did exactly as she should have.   i belive she is only human and will make mastikes as we all do but there are things that she could do better and there are things she does good.  we are not going to find a doctor that can please everyone.  	4	2	4	4 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
14	-1	First of all I have Hypothyroidism. My second visit I told her I thought my thyroid was off. I told her all my symptoms and she straight up told me I was old. At 43, mind you she is older than me. She also said she didnt think it was my thyroid. So I went and had blood test done. They accidently went to my endo doc, and not her office, and the endo called me with the results which they said I was over medicated. Dr. Yegerlehner office call with old blood test and said I was fine and everything looked good.  She never got the new test. I will find me a good doctor. I do not recommend this doctor to no one.  	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
14	-1	My vet gives dogs a better physical than I got today. Scheduled a complete physical & on the check-in form I noted that I had been experiencing a change in the amount I sweat during the day. This became the main focus of my visit but she had no answers. Within the first 3 minutes of being in the room, she recommended that I take daily antidepresants; she didn't even wait until she had listened to me first. Next, she wrote me a prescription for an anti-persperant that was the same drug and quantity as what is available over the counter, at which point she remarked,&quot;I'm afraid I haven't been very helpful.&quot; I then reminded her that I was there for a COMPLETE physical. So, I undressed, and she came back for the &quot;physical&quot; -listened to my heart, looked in my ears, breast exam, felt my abdomen. DONE. I had better physicals in high school for sports clearance. So, she was not very thorough, had poor listening and communication skills, and couldn't assistn in my problem.  AVOID! 	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
14	-1	Does not spend much time with patients, is in a hurry to leave the room as fast as she can, prescribed medicines I'm allergic to and seems to be only interested in pushing her diet information onto people....Very unsatisfied.. 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
14	-1	I saw Dr. Beth as an OB/GYN due to an uncomplicated first pregnancy with her.  Second time around was much worse.  I had an ectopic pregnancy, which she consistantly kept telling me was just a miscarriage.  Ectopic's are usually found by 6-7 weeks, mine lasted 9 weeks before it was diagnosed.  I could have died because she was unwilling to listen to my concerns and dismissed me without checking into it.  She also made unprofessional comments regarding my pregnancies as I was rather young (17 with my first).  I discourage anyone from seeing her as she does not take enough time to listen to concerns with patients. 	2	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	Doctor Beth has been my doc for 12 years and she is also my childrens doctor as well. She always looks so nice and is very professional. I couldn't ask for a better doctor. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	She answered all my questions & concerns. She was great at diagnosing my problem that required going off sugar. She spent time with me & gave me a handout & other material. This doctor is easy to talk to.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
14	-1	Not pro-breastfeeding! Called me a &quot;human pacifire&quot; for nursing my daughter (who had just turned twelve months). Not thorough with infant well checks. Mis-diagnosed my Diverticulitis as flu. To sum it up, all I can say is &quot;Quack!!!&quot;.  		5	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
14	-1	Took 6month old to see her..asked if sleeping through night and I said no..said just let him scream all night..said tough love..what an idiot! Wrote for a cough medication that's been off the market for years..said oh..I've seen this all day..so apparently she prescribed that medication all day long..had to have pharmacy call to have it changed to a medicine in the real world. Also..very snooty.. thinks she's GOD 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
15	1	Made the right diagnosis, removed my kidney and saved my life. Professional, caring and efficient. Good personality.  Would recommend to my friends without a doubt 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
15	-1	This doctor is to be avoided at any price. He performed a byopsy on me two years ago, The surgeon who operated on me later on could not believe the amount of scare tissue that resulted from the biopsy. It was in short a ****y.  	2	2	2	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	1	Great doctor.  Cared, made an accurate diagnosis, performed surgery, went well, and would recommend 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
15	-1	He told us one thing in his office, and something completely different on the day of surgery.  Two other doctors did the exact same surgery on me that he did, but after he did the surgery, I had severe complications that I never had with the other doctors.  He charged almost twice as much as the other doctors did for the EXACT SAME SURGERY!  On top of all of that, he got rude and arrogant on the phone one time.  Seems to care more about money than his patients.  Seems friendly at first, but don't let that fool you.  I had a TERRIBLE experience with this doctor.  AVOID AT ALL COSTS.  	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
15	1	 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
16	-1	i Have always ...waited past  apointment time.to see  Dr.  	3	1	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	Dr Mike is a wonderful Doctor whom you feel very comfortable and confident in.  He takes excellent care of my mother who is currently rehabbing in a facility and we are so grateful!!Thank you Dr Mike!! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
17	1	Had an Achilles tendon rupture and Dr. Yergler not only came into the Hospital on his DAY OFF to perform my surgery, he was NOT on call, and it was LABOR DAY!! He got me walking within 4 weeks. What a skilled surgeon who really cares about his patients!! highly recommend him!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	Dr. Yergler's the best.  I had chronic pain to the point that I couldn't even sleep at night along with limited movement to my right arm.  Dr. Yergler did a total right shoulder replacement and  the pain is now gone, and I'm able to move my arm without a problem.  Thank you Dr. Michael Yergler! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	Outstanding Doctor. Immediate and accurate diagnosis. Formulated and carried out precise medical plan. Recommended without question. Major Jim FORNEY USMC ret.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	Thanks Dr. Yergler and staff for your continued care and compassion for me. You got me back to work quickly as well as Dr. Zucker. I am grateful. I still have my leg.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
17	1	I've had two rotator cuff surgeries by Dr Mike with great success.  I had no significant pain after either surgery and took no pain drugs.  And recovery afterward was excellent.  This doctor really knows what he is doing.  I find him very willing to answer questions with a great attitude and great sense of humor.  I highly recommend him and would go to no one else.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
17	-1	Totaly agree with this statement from someone else...bedside manor is nonexistent. He will answer questions only as he is leaving the room.   Maybe he's good with shoulders but , not finding true problem with knee!!!! 	5	4	1	3 	Insurance:Anthem
17	1	Dr Yergler did an excellent rotator cuff surgery for a massive tear that other doctors thought I would not be able to have full use of arm. Oiiice visits are very quick, so have questons prepared beforehand. Higly recomended.  	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
17	1	Very knowledgeable doctor and he diagnosed and treated my shoulder issue with success when another orthopedist did not.  He does not stay long in your office visit, but that is okay as they charge by the amount of time.  He was extremely friendly and did answer all my questons.   Highly recommended!!! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
17	1	I think some of you use have Dr. Mike Yergler confused with someone else.  I had two rotator cuff tears in each shoulder, and one a huge tear.  Dr. Yergler performed rotator cuff surgery on each shoulder about 18 months apart and I never had pain, and have made a full recovery with full range of motion. I found him to be helpful, very compassionate, and caring.  I have recommended him to friends and acquaintances with only the highest praise.  I am also proud of his recent trip to Haiti; he and the other doctors gave their time and their skills to those so desperate for care. I am proud to call him my doctor and highly recommend him.   I only wish I could find a family doctor as talented and personable. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	Dr. Yergler was very helpful and extremely professional.  He was an enjoyable doctor to visit and seemed to genuinely care. 	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	Dr. M. Yergler is a highly skilled orthopaedic surgeon with a wonderful personality.  He performed hip arthroscopy on me and I was up and walking the same day.  His extensive knowledge of the procedure mixed with his great sense of humor made me extremely comfortable with him along with his staff.  His confidence in what he does is reassuring and refreshing. I have recommended that several of my family members see him for their orthopaedic needs and will continue to do so.  We are very fortunate to have such a skilled surgeon in the South Bend area!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
17	1	Dr. Mike has always treated me very well. I'm no one special, just an ordinary guy, but that didn't seem to make a difference to him. Yes he's busy but that's because he's so good! Did a great job on my shoulder and I've sent several friends and relatives to see him.  Highly recommended! 	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	How nice to be able to type this on a keyboard without the shoulder pain I was having for months.  As usual I probably should have had it looked at sooner but thanks Dr. Yergler for the help.  I knew Dr. Yergler was the guy to see. He has done several rotators of friends over this past year who all recommended him.  It was reassuring to hear this even though I was planning on going to him anyways.  He did a wonderful job repairing my torn ACL several years ago which feels as good as new, even climbing those mountains at 10,000+ feet.  Yes, he is very busy, but do the math, why do you think he has so many wanting to see him. Kind of like going to a good restaurant!  There is a reason for being busy. He is a hard worker. He also works with our football coaches association (NIC) and gets in our players from local high schools with a phone call. No these are not Notre Dame players or even div 1 players, they are just kids of local parents who are in need of some quick help. Thanks Doc. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	Dr. Michael Yergler has been a great comfort to me and my husband since I have had my shoulder operation. He has explained everything and answered all our questions. He makes you feel like you are his only patient at the time of your appointment, yet, he doesn't take all day treating you. I have been treated with kindness and respect from Dr. Mike and his staff. For this I am truly grateful.I personally appreciate the promptness and effecientcy of Dr. Yergler  and his staff.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	-1	Michael Yergler is a skilled physician.  His bedside manor is nonexistent.  He spends no time with you and will answer questions only as he is leaving the room.  If you are a sports figure connected to the local university I assume things are different.  	3	3	1	3 	Insurance:Anthem
17	1	Dr M. Yergler has seen all of my family members and I am very impressed with the quality of care that we have received from him and his staff. He is a very caring doctor and takes his time with us and answers any questions we may have. He did an awesome job with my daughter's knee surgery. She was nervous but he put her at ease! I also was at ease knowing she was in good hands! She is back to playing sports at her full potential  thanks to Dr. Yergler! He is a wonderful, skillful physician that I would recommend to anyone.  He keeps our family active and I greatly appreciate him for that! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
17	-1	This is the worst possible individual to see, he has no concern for his patients, he spends no time with you and when he does he isn't listening. He thinks he is better than you and shows a complete level of disrespect for you and how you are feeling. You are lucky if you get a 30 second meeting with him, in out.. very unimpressed with his surgical skills as well.  Would never recommend 	3	3	1	3 	Insurance:Anthem
18	1	Personal comfortable setting. I felt I was able to talk with Dr. Yamanaka and she really heard what I was saying. I like the fact that she has a calm spirit and is very professional yet personable at the same time. I have and would recommend Dr. Yamanaka to those who are in need of the services she offers.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
19	1	Dr. Young was thorough and addressed the concerns raised. I would recommend him as a family physician.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
20	-1	Seen him for many years with our handicapped daughter. He is rude, arrogant,terrible bed side manner and all in all a difficult person. He once asked me when my daughter was in very critical condition if I was a man of faith or science. He suggested we just let her die. He consistently down played us as parents and our instincts with our daughter who does not speak. He told us it was a fluke when she got better. If he were a vet. I would not take my dog to see him. Do yourself a favor do not take your child to him.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
21	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
22	-1	This guy told me I had a sprained muscle in my back that would clear up after some of his therapy. Six months of therapy passed and I never got better, but he continued to reassure me that my condition was nothing to worry about. I stopped seeing Dr. Yamamoto around that time. A year and a half has gone by and I still suffer from the pain, so I made the decision to see a neurosurgeon named Dr. Stephanian. He told me that I have two misaligned disks that are now degenerating. He said they could have been fixed if I had seen him at an earlier stage, but the damage is permanent now. Dr. Yamamoto was very friendly when I seen him and I believed he was a good chiropractor, but this mistake he made is going to cause me a lifetime of pain and doctor bills. 	5	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	Very knolagable and friendly, I realy enjoy going here.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	1	I have bad back and he treated me before i got pregnant. I quit going because i was out of pain.. But the pain returned during pregancy and worked with me very well. I would sugget him to anyone with back problem.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
23	-1	He botched my surgery, and I had to have it re-done at another hospital in Virginia.  	3	3	2	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
24	1	Dr. Yaseen has been helpful &amp; supportive. I have indeterminant colitis and it has been a confusing time for me. 	3	5	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	I found Dr. Yaseen very helpful and knowledgeable. he was thorough in his testing and procedures. He found a benign tumor and referred me to another doctor into to determine the size and extent of the tumor. He followed up with further testing.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	-1	Dr. Yaseen formed his opinion on what I had 30 seconds after I began to describe my symptoms. He then proceeded to order tests which I had already had performed earlier. He did not listen to me at all and went down the wrong path because of this. I went to the Cleveland Clinic where they listened to me and performed the proper tests confirming that Dr. Yaseen was wrong. I would not recommend this Dr. to anyone.  	3	4	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	-1	the worst.................................................................................................................................. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	Very helpful and knowledgeable.  I felt like she really listened to me.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
26	-1	I walked out of my first appointment with several prescriptions from Dr. Yu-Fleming.  No tests for diagnosis confirmation, just pills.  Needless to say, I won't be returning. 	3	1	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
26	0	She appeared knowledgable but not very nice. Did not like the fact that I sought out a specialist in Chicago on my own instead of the surgeon she recommended. Decided after several visits that I would not come back to her.  	2	2	2	4 	Insurance:Anthem
26	1	During my visit I felt that I was treated very well.I would absolutely recommend this doctor to my family and friends.  I felt this visit was an amazing success!Overall I would rate this visit : outstanding! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	I have been going to this doc for years. he is a good hearted man and a great doctor. He has an afterhours call back service.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Providence
28	1	I had lumineers and crowns done.  Everything was painless.  They look and feel great 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	0	My family and I went to him for a number of years.  However, when I damaged a tooth, he recommended a more expensive procedure that wouldn't even save the tooth, because he would get more money.  I got two other opinions, and the others recommended the procedure which saved the tooth.  I ended up getting the tooth fixed, but have never gone back to Dr. Young. 	4	4	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	Dr. Yeager is a great doctor, really cares.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
30	0	nice guy 		3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
31	-1	Bad bedside manner. I usually can overlook that but he really was not helpful. I understand that notes are important but summarizing and telling his assistant what to type as we are having a conversation was rude. At times, it seemed as though he would twist my words to fit his dictation. Anyway, he sent us to get allergy testing only to find out that the results are inconclusive since it was a tech and technically he could not tell us what our daughter was allergic to. He suggested we see an actual allergist if we wanted to find out what our daughter was allergic to. &#63;&#63;&#63; Thought that is what we did when we pulled my daughter out of school, tortured her by getting sticked, and then pulled her out again to hear... &quot;I'm not an allergist&quot; That is when I said never again... he should have referred us to an allergist, got the appropriate tests done, and returned to him after with the results. No answers just band aids. His partners were more impressive. Not a great doc. He is OK.  	5	5	1	2 	Insurance:Humana
31	-1	Dr. Youkilis did a rhinoplasty for me and I believe it was his first one by himself. He showed up late to the surgery and my rhinoplasty is horrible. I wish I did not choose him for my Dr.  	4	1	1	2 	Insurance:Humana
31	1	Dr. Youkilis was very professional and couldn't have been more accomodating.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
31	-1	Dr. Youklilis was not thorough in answering my questions regarding my condition.  I felt very rushed during the appointment and he seemed annoyed that I even had questions about my treatment plan.  	5	5	2	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
32	0	I felt she took time with me and listened to complaints but I did ask her about something I was having I feel she could have handled but instead of that had me waste my time on a specialist that did nothing about it anyway. I thought she was very nice and understanding but don't expect to see her if you're sick you will only see the NP.  	2	2	2	4 	Insurance:Anthem
32	1	I have gone to Dr. Derren for about 5 years. She is an excellent doctor. She does have ADD tendencies so she can lose focus quickly, but has always been very helpful to me and my family. Her Nurse Practitioners are also very good and you can usually get a same day appt. I would refer other people to her and have. She is knowledgeable and will tell you what she thinks...I like that! 	4	2	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
32	-1	Don't be misled. The first time I saw her she was helpful. The second time was the last. Instead of discussing some chronic conditions I have, she insisted I see specialists and refused to answer questions any good GP could answer. There was a mix-up with the appointment type and she immediately wanted to go reprimand the staff. She called me a liar when I told her a med I take that is rx'd for a couple of different conditions was rx'd for one condition and she insisted it was for the other. She wanted me to purchase a piece of medical equipment I couldn't afford and said, &quot;It's only $$.&quot; and then made a statement that patients never do what they say they will. There are much better doctors out there. 	1	4	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
32	-1	Avoid dealing with stupid billing. Expect double billing if you are divorced parent. Both parents will be billed for the same service or co-pay.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	0	Preformed an endoscopy on my wife and either used the wrong medications or the wrong dose and she was awake throughout the procedure and remembers the entire ordeal.  When asked about how to deal with the pain post procedure he stated that there shouldn't be any pain and was unable to help my wife with the pain she experienced.  I would definitely not recommend Dr. Yakhmi to anyone else. 	 8/5/08	2	4	1	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	Dr  Yoon is great. I've been seeing him for 25 years. I have seen him for everything ranging from the common cold to delivering my son. Dr Yoon also does Accu Puncture. I had this done for stress and anxiety. I saw him once a week for four treatments that lasted about 15 minutes. After the treatment I felt like a new person. The staff are great as well 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	I love her. She caught a very simple diagnosis that the emergency room missed two times and corrected the issue within a second. She is attentive, listened to me and is very kind and good with children. i would recommend her to anyone. I also have a friend who has a child that sees her and he has been very satisfied as well. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	Dr. Lakshmi is very helpful. She is one of the best doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	-1	not willing to help our child because she has too many medical problems.  	1	4	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
35	-1	She is very unpunctual, we had appt time @ 9 AM and she attended @ 10.30..Not just me , even my expereinced it. My friends daughter had 102 high fever and they gave an appt for 8 AM and she attended @ 10 AM, so can you believe what a poor baby went through and she right away. My insurance shows they were in network doctor and insurance paid them after the PPO discount, you know what they did later, they sent me a bill saying that I am liable to pay the discount and my insurance is not contracted with them. But truly my insurance was still in contract, when I contacted the doctor's office they were very rude with me. You cannot believe she didnot even did a complete check like she didnot use a stethescope or not even took the baby near to her. We were totally dissapointed and switched to a different doctor. Now my baby is very happy and we are happy parents. Bottomline, never go to her and never recommend others. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
36	0	 	4	2	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	great office,best teratment.I feel much better in my first visit. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
38	0	Horrendous. When I asked whether he was telling me whether or not he was recommending if I should have a cath, he said to go home and talk it over with my family. (They didn't go to medical school.) He said, &quot;If you were Peyton Manning or Reggie Miller, I would want you to have a cath to make sure there are no blockages.&quot; When I asked again for clarification, he again told me to go home and talk it over with my family. He told me how to take nitro (which I know), and I asked whether he was saying it's okay for me to keep running, even if I have the chest pain, as long as I have nitro. He said, &quot;I'm not your mother.&quot; I am not making this up. I was stunned. He did give me good information about statins. In the end, he handed me his card and said, &quot;Call if you want to schedule a cath.&quot; My primary doctor promptly found me another cardiologist, with whom I am exceedingly impressed and pleased.  	3	1	1	4 	Insurance:Anthem
39	1	He replaced my knee and essentially gave me my life back.  He is caring and has great &quot;bedside manner&quot;.  I highly recommend him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	The absolute best doctor. He explains things so you can understand, and shows a genuine concern for your specific problem. Doen't make you feel rushed, and takes great care in surgery and followup. Absolutely phenominal doctor. Tell everyone to go to him for knee issues.... He's the best in the area.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
39	1	He's the best! I had total knee replacement and I am walking again because of him. He is caring and answers questions.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
40	1	My husband and I both see Dr. Yoon, for different reasons, but feel like she does her best to help us and listens to us. Her staff is always friendly and helpful.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
40	-1	I did not feel this doctor had a good bed-side manner.  I felt treated like a number and did not feel she listened or heard my concerns.  Her suggestions were limited and did not address my concerns.  The staff was courteous and my appointment was on time. 	3	4	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	He takes care of all of my needs. Whether it involves my kidney disease or if I have a virus or cold or flu going around. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	Caring and respectful staff. Punctual. Fair pricing. Honest. Does not recommend unnecessary procedures like my family has experienced at other dentists. Very satisfied. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	Very good dentist!  I would recommend her to anyone. She is very gental and compassionate.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
42	1	She is a great doctor. Dr Yuen Sedwick Is very gentle and caters to cowards like me. I never even felt the shot. Thanks a million. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	During my visit I felt that I was treated very well.I would absolutely recommend this doctor to my family and friends.  I felt this visit was an amazing success!Overall I would rate this visit : outstanding! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
44	-1	Dr. Yantz is rushed, unsympathetic, doesn't keep records correctly, does not read medical test results correctly, and has a very cold bedside manor.  	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
45	1	. He was good, took care of me epidural &amp; sedation for an emergency c-section 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
46	1	This doctor is AWESOME! Probably the best doctor I've ever had. Very knowledgeable, lots of personal attention, even a follow-up phone call! If only all doctors could be like him! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
47	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
47	-1	only out for your money.got me addicted to opiates for three years. when ins. ran out he refused to treat me.  I got so sick I had to be hospitalized! 	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
49	-1	Very arrogant doctor. Took no time listening to my problems & therefore never getting to the root of them. Called me names and laughed at me. I finally walked out. I'm now with a new doctor and on my way to coming out of the hell that I'd been in when I left doctor Yeretsian's. 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
49	-1	This doctor should not be practicing with people who have mental illnesses and who are in a vulnerable state!  He was very abusive in my appointment using demeaning terms and sexual terms towards me.  He also didn't seem to be knowlegdeable about my disease. He made me feel hopeless about my disease and I would not recommend this doctor to anyone.   I walked out of his office feeling like I had been beaten down and that there was no hope for me, which is not how a psychiatrist should make anyone feel! 	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	1	He is not very punctual, but is very experienced. Dr. Yeretsian is skilled at drug manipulation. He can pinpoint illnesses very quickly and prescribe life changing medications that will stabilize and ultimately change a person's life. I would recommend this doctor to anyone suffering from a mental illness. 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
