dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	She is a wonderful caring doctor. Takes time and is on the ball with everything.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	-1	. DID NOT LISTEN TO MY COMPLAINTS JUST DID ROUTINE STUFF 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	By far Dr Zhang is the beat and most knowledgeable Dr. I have ever seen. She was able to get me pregnant after seeing 4 other specialists who did not have a clue.  After 4 years of trying, Dr Zhang helped me get pregnant w/in 3 months. She is at the top of her game and I would not see anyone else. Also a very nice person.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
3	-1	. Poor sense of service, not caring, poor attitude, overall a bad doctor 	2	2	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	Dr Zachary is always very busy, yes, however don't let the fact that he is a busy doctor put you off.  He is extremely knowledgeable, thorough, and dedicated to his patients.  I am a high risk patient, and he not only saw me in the hospital after my heart issues, he delivered my last baby and will be delivering this one as well as any future children.  He is attentive to my underlying chronic medical disorders and takes everything into account while still maintaining a gentle and caring bedside manor.  Best doctor I have had in Des Moines area and I have had many from general practice to Neurology and Cardiology specialists.  Patients must understand that doctors, especially OB/GYN have emergencies often arise with other patients, therefore, sometimes making them late for you.  You will be happy when he is there for your emergency or needs.  Keep up the good work Dr.  Zachary! 	3	2	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
4	1	He has been my doctor for years and he delivered my 2 daughters and saw me through the whole pregnancy and I am high risk due to previous losses.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	-1	He is vary nice. But he is so busy with patients it seems like he wont answer your questions. Told him at the beginning of my prenancy of my cervix freezing 2 yrs prior and I also ended up preeclamptic and he ignored my signs until labor...also was almost late because he didnt feel that I was going to deliever that fast(he forgot about my cervix freezing) which when my baby was coming she was coming fast. I would not recommend him if you have a high risk pregnancy.  	1	3	2	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	0	Nice guy, but I just don't like his style.  It's a little too relaxed and he is ALWAYS running late. 	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	A friend recommended Dr. Zingula to me a couple of years ago.  She is polite, friendly and very knowledgeable.  She explains things in a way that are very easy to understand and does not make the patient feeling foolish for asking questions.  She will be my eye doctor as long as she's around! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	I saw this site after coming online to look up Dr.Zingula's phone number to recommend her to yet another person. Whoever gave that negative review has absolutely no idea what they are talking about. My sister recommended this office to me and my family and since then, I have referred at least 3 other families to them....all of which couldn't be happier with the service and care received. The staff are wonderful, knowledgeable and the service can't be beat.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	The poor comment below is obviously just out to get them for some unknown reason.  The service they provide was quite good when I went.  And if you look at the insurance they use, medicaid,  No such thing as over priced with medicaid, they pay for EVERYTHING! So who ever wrote that review has some other issue, but his office is wonderful 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	Great exam.  Very thorough and explained everything to me.  Will be back again!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	-1	very poor. She had no idea what she was doing. Over priced and poor exam.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
5	1	It was nice to have a knowledgeable women doctor that could answer all my questions and give me more answers then my reg. doctor.   I have never seen as well as I do now! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	1	I liked Dr Zahn-Houser. Her nurse was very nice as well. Dr answered all my questions and seems knowledgable.  	4	3	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	-1	I'm happy I changed Dr. Im a 23 year old man and she would send me mailings for botox... I don't think she ever knew who i was, and she spent more time reading my chart than giving me any helpfull information.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	0	Doctor is easily intimadated by other doctors and will not give proper care when put in situation.  	5	5	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	1	Helped me try several options to solve a recurrent problem with migraines. Easy to talk to, friendly, and very pleasant. I was sad to move out of the Cedar Rapids area and have to find a new doctor! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	She is friendly yet very professional and knowledgable. She is caring and attentive to our needs as a family. She makes going to the doctor a pleasant experience for adults and children alike. Her staff is also exceptional and friendly 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	Great doctor. Very personable and willing to sit there and discuss options with you. 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	good  doctor.  very smart.  wonderful man.          does everything he can for you 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	Very knowlegeable, great communication skills, former teacher at University Of Iowa, residency at Mayo. Stays current on new medications. A wonderful doctor and a very nice person.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
8	-1	Dr. Zadeii was very rude and had very bad bedside manner with me and my mother.  Scar-tactics and rudeness does not help any medical situation.  Not making eye contact, spending olny 5-10 minutes in exam room and not answering questions appropriatly is very discouraging of his abilities as a Cardiologist and as a physican.  How do expect any patient to trust you if you can't do these things well.  This was the first visit.  Second visit was the same.  Third visit was procedure day at the hospital in Mason City.  With 4 daughters present and 1 son, he would not make eye contact or answer any questions any of us daughters.  He would only answer the son.  Us daugthers have the medical terminology and background the son doesn't!!!!!  I know the customs of his nationality, but this is America and he needs to treat women in America like equals and not like dogs.  	2	2	1	3 	Insurance:Medicare
8	1	 	4	5	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
9	-1	My daughter tested positive for a rare yeast infection.  I'm told the slide was dirt and it happens all the time.  She glances at her tells me she's fine.  No blood test to check and see if she's fighting an infection or anything.  She says we will wait and see and the proof will be in the pudding.  If she gets sick then we know she has it.  Gets very defensive when I tell her I'm not going to just sit and watch my daughter get sick and take her word for it.  She was rude, very defensive.  I was supposed to be gratful she fit us in so quickly and that she spent an hour with us.  No apology for them messing up what was supposed to be a sterile culture. Or apology for me having to drive 50 miles one way because of there error. 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	this doctor listens to what you say unlike some other doctors i have had in the past 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	He is the most knowledgeable, compassionate, and kind doctor.   He's in high demand, so sometimes you have to wait for the best, but he is THE BEST! 	3	2	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	-1	She was unfriendly and assigned a student to help me with a very personal and painful visit. I received no medication for the pain and the student could not answer a single question. Student had to keep leaving the room to ask other docters what to say to me. I eventually just walked out.  	1	3	2	2 	Insurance:Tricare
11	0	Bad experience with the doctor when a situation arose 	4	2	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	Extrememly kind and knowledgeable throughout my pregnancy. I plan to go back to her.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	1	He's the best. Don't know what we will do when he retires - I shudder to think of it.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	1	Dr. Zittergruen has been our family physician for 16 years and I consider him to be a fantastic doctor who cares about his patients. He always listens and then helps. He never hesitates to escalate issues to specialists if need be and I consider his care and decisions to be of the highest order. Once he retires, we're not sure what we're going to do. We'll miss him that much.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Wellpoint
12	1	&quot;Dr. Z.&quot; as he is known, has been my G.P. for 25 years. I'm 60. I have a good degree of medical knowledge, so I am picky about doctors &amp; I also can tell if they are pretty sharp, doing what ought to be done, etc. From my first visit with him many years ago, he has always been caring, patient, reassuring, honest, candid and respectful. He is not a pill pusher and is open to home treatments or other over the counter things if he feels they are safe and has reason to believe they will help or cure something. He has a great personality, &amp; is truly an example of what the old smaller town family doctor used to be in my mind. He is currently up on the latest drugs &amp; treatments, &amp; is open to referring me when he feels something is beyond his skill or when I would do better with a specialist. From what I hear, he is very well respected among his peers. I would trust &amp; have trusted him with my  life. I hope I die before he retires, because he is truly one of a dying breed of G.P.  I believe! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
12	1	I've been a patient for years. He remembers me and my history. He doesn't over-diagnose (ADD, depression, etc) or over-prescribe the latest drug company pushed pills. Highly recommended, as is Studer in the same office.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
12	0	Ended up diagnosing myself. 		4	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	. doctor good but staff is bad 	2	2	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	I've been to Zimmerman for everything from stitches to strep throat, and he is always puts me at ease and seems very knowledgeable.  	4	3	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	-1	Horrible experience with this doctor. Wouldn't send me to the hospital because he was only licensed to operate in Carroll or Iowa city. Gave me shots in his office for gall stones that made me faint from pain.  By the time I went to mercy I had to have emergency surgery and my gall bladder removed! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	1	Had a Vasectomy. He is Knowledgeable,professional, and personable. couldn't ask for a better experience 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	I came in to have a vasectomy procedure. I was pleased to know that they had saturday hours and so I did not have to take any time off. The doctor was very knowledgeble and detailed. The procedure took only 10 min and I had no pain.  The next day he called to check on me!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	1	. good doctor and spent alot of time with us and explained things well 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
16	-1	Not impressed with this doctor.  Ignores vital signs such as blood pressure abnormalities, rushes you through.  	3	2	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	Always calls me back even if it's late.  Is a partner with me in my health care, doesn't just give me a pill and send me on my way.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
17	1	My husband and I love Dr Zwart and her staff.  They make a trip to the dentist comfortable.  They are helpful, honest and friendly! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	HE IS THE MOST WONDERFUL CHIROPRACTER I KNOW. HE IS THOROUGH AND GETS RIGHT TO THE POINT. HE IS ALSO MY BEST UNCLE. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
