dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	.  great result from bunion surgery, would refer any and all 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	1	.  great surgeon would recommend to family or anyone 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:HumanaPaid/Co-pay:$20
2	1	 Dr. Young and the staff seem very knowledgable.  Have not had success yet but feel much more confident since we have started going to his clinic. Most of the staff are very friendly and are willing to take the time to answer any questions.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	1	 Dr Young was very straightforward regarding our treatment and we got pregnant with our 1st IVF cycle.  Some may find him aloof, but I thought he was just confident in his ability.  The office is respectful of how difficult being unable to get pregnant is.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
2	1	commentsCaring - knowlegeable. Will be sure you do what's right for you. 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	commentsGreat Doctor! Figured us out quickly and moved us to treatment and pregnant 1st try at IVF! Agree with others that insiders say he has better rates than partner. Very confident and to the point which is what we wanted. Paid/Co-pay:$150	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	 Enjoys talking,nice bedside manner, and finds the problem quickly.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	1	commentsdid my tubal reversal, very nice, really liked surgery center Paid/Co-pay:$150	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	 Great Doctor, got pregnant on 1st try at in-vitro,nurses are really helpful. We heard too that he has higher pregnancy rates than other doctor in office.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$15
2	1	 Since we have Coventry and he is not on their list, the clinic gave us really straight information on our costs.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:CoventryPaid/Co-pay:$150
2	1	 Very professional, pleasant, and straightforward. Gave good educational materials and mapped out plan for us.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$20
2	1	 Dr. Young and his staff are all very knowledgeable and they all were more than nice and willing to answer any questions we had.  I got pg on my first round of injectibles with IUI after 7 months with my OBGYN of no luck.  He's good at pinpointing the problem.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	-1	 Very poor bedside manners. There was one nurse who is rude and will scold you for asking questions. The most money-minded practice in town.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$10000
2	-1	 Unnecessary tests and procedures. No reports or results communicated. No value at all.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:$15000
2	1	 Very nice and very helpful! I highly recommend Dr.  Young! 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	-1	commentsWe had months of treatment,Lots of lab tests and ultrasound scans in doctors office no success . When we tried to get explaination of options with only suggestions were to redo very costly tests and to go for the most invasive,not covered by insurance&lt; treatments. The Doctor spent my be ten minutes with us and had our names wrong when addressing us. I would suggest he get training in explaining his treatment in patient language and learn to look people in the eye if he needs to say somthing is not turning out well. 	2	2	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
11	0	 Dr.Yen has the personality of a dry piece of toast! He did do what he had to but his bed side manner leaves a lot to be desired. I would not have him perform another surgery on me if my life depended on it. He is, I'm sure very smart but leave the &quot;Better Than You&quot; attitude at home Dr. Yen! 	2	1	1	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	-1	 This doctor should go back to medical school and not sleep through the sessions on patient rapport.  I felt like an inhuman machine being examined by a mechanic.  He didn't seem the least bit interested in my concerns or questions -- only in his diagnosis and treatment.  His suggestions for my care were completely impossible for me to execute, given my limitations and situation, but that didn't seem to matter to him.  I don't see how he keeps his patients.  Surely they must also be treated as insensitively as I was.  Although referred to him by my physician, I certainly do not intend to use Dr. Yen's services.  Fortunately, there are many others in the same specialty in this area.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	-1	 This doctor was rude and judgmental toward me. He was more focused on my obesity than on the part that needed surgery. (He is a marathon runner) I felt diminished by his remarks to me and decided not to have surgery with him.  	4	3	2	2	Insurance:Medicare
11	-1	 Rude.  Condescending.  Very poor patient interaction skills.  	3	3	1	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	-1	 From my point of view, Dr. Yen is abrupt and rude.  He shows no compassion or empathy with the patient.  He's irritated by questions.  I didn't make it past the first contact with him.  He may have fine surgical skills (I don't know), but his human skills are lacking. I found another plastic surgeon who was helpful and friendly.  	2	2	1	1	Insurance:Medicare
20	1	 Dr. Young treats my health concerns promptly with understanding, and self-assurance.Staff is  knowledgeable and respectful. Live out of the area and consult with him as neccesary from time to time for my medical needs. Respect Dr. Young and have confidence in him and his staff.My treatment for various concerns have yielded success.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	-1	 Failed to maintain a professional rapport, failed to treat me as a human being, overheard him discussing me in a negative fashion to his staff which violated my dignity and privacy.  Failed to even look at x-rays and area of concern.  Felt humiliated.  	5	5	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	 Dr. Young always has extra time to answer questions I pose. When not sure about something will suggest seeing a specialist. Dr. Young is knowledgeable and keeps up to date by continuing his education. I have found he often knows about a condition before it is 'popular'. I have only needed incorrect information purged from my records one time and he took care of it almost immediately. Response times for prescription refills are prompt. He is always cheerful and willing to take extra time to discuss a new condition.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	-1	 Dr. Young is quite arrogant and demeaning to his patients and lacks a basic knowledge of pharmacology and patient care. Condescending and misdiagnoses frequently. Has not continued his education or if he has it is not apparent in how he assesses patient health issues. He assumes he knows the problem without doing a thorough assessment and listening to the concerns of his patients.  	4	2	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	0	commentsWhen he ask if there is anything else you might be concerned with and you show him something he will often dismiss it as nothing.  This has happened 3 times and twice it was something.  He also added things in my record which was not true such as being allergic to something I not 	5	4	3	2	Insurance:Unknown
33	-1	commentsOrdered Injection of steroids into a normal, healthy vertabrae Instead of damaged vertabrae resulting in additional persistent Pain and steroidal cyst 	1	2	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
35	-1	 This office will over book and over charge for poor service. Her assistant is nice but Dr Young has poor people skills and most of her staff including the office manager are HORRIBLE. Did not address problems with patients appropriately. I wouldn't be surprised if one of her staff writes a biased review after this one. If you should have concerns with the service that you are paying for, they will gossip and laugh at you. Don't expect your concerns to be taken care of.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:United Healthcare
35	1	 Sat in waiting room less than two minutes, even tho I was about ten minutes early. Waited in exam room ten minutes at most for this doctor. My arthritis was very bad that day and she worked with me, allowing me to sit forward rather than back in chair. She was very kind and caring. Louise, her med asst is terrific and the one who referred me to her after my last eye doctor retired. Thanks Louise, you're the best! I'm glad I found Dr. Young.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	-1	 I waited an hour for her to see me in the patient room after my eyes had been dialated. I finally left after waiting an hour. No one bothered to come and tell me that she would be late or anything. VERY UNPROFESSIONAL.  I would NEVER recommend this office or doctor to my worst enemy !!! 	2	1	1	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	1	 Not only is he a good OBGYN he is a great surgeon. He was able to detect an issue in my birthing process and got my son out in time.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	1	 Doctor Yates was very knowledgeable and helpful through two pregnancies as well as a hysterectomy due to cervical cancer.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
56	-1	commentsPoor bed-side manner. Not comfortable with himself or patients. 	5	4	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
59	-1	 I do NOT recommend Dr. Yacoub.  His lack of time for his patients, his inability to identify and diagnose symptons lead to my mother experiencing UNNECESSARY extreme pain for months before her death (she was diagnosed and pain free within 24 hours of obtaining another Dr.). Although he could not have changed the outcome of losing her - he repeatedly stated nothing was wrong with her when in fact she was in need of critical care.  FIND ANOTHER DOCTOR - DO NOT CHANCE LETTING HIM MISDIAGNOSE YOU/YOUR FAMILY MEMBER like he did ours.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Medicare
70	1	 Dr. Heather and all staff in her office have done wonderfully, and are incredibly welcoming. We intend to use them for the entire family (right now just using for prenatal).  They are very easy to work with, doing whatever they can to help you! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
70	1	commentsDr. Heather is great! She is very helpful & kind. Her office staff is great too. I've been very happy there. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	 R YOUNG IS PERSONABLE,COURTEOUS,METHODICAL AND CONSCIENTIOUS. OUR FAMILY HAS FOUND HIM SATISFACTORY IN ALL ASPECTS OF HIS TREATMENT OF US.  		4	5	5	Insurance:AARP
