dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	Dr. shaw has always been concerned with my overall wellness, and has answered questions and concerns with considerable knowledge.  I have never felt rushed during my visits, and have complete confidence in her skills and follow-up suggestions.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	1	Very caring and wonderful doctor. She kept me very calm before surgery. She kept her hand on my shoulder and kept telling me everything would be ok. Would highly recommend her to anyone! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	She is not only a wonderful doctor but she is wonderful person also.At the time of my c-section she is the one who helped me to cope up with that situation......Thank u soooo much Dr. Shaw........  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
1	1	Dr Shaw is a wonderful doctor, very knowledgeable and extremely skilled. She puts me at ease in her clinics and was so great with my delivery and C-section. I would freely recommend her to anyone I know 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
1	0	Dr Shaw is knowledgeable about what she does.  She is ok as your OB if you don't have a traumatic situation where she is required to have a caring bedside manner.  In that area, she failed miserably. She had me broke down in tears with the way she talked to me when I had my baby who was in the special care unit.  Just a horrible bedside manner.  The other doctors in the practice were always wonderful with me.  She just needs to learn how to be more caring.  She left such a bad taste in my mouth it would be hard for me to go back to the doctors that I enjoyed in that practice for fear of her being that one that would deliver my baby.  	5	3	1	4 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
2	1	Dr. Scheetz takes the time to actually listen to you.  She is wonderful. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	very excellent doctor, she's very good with kids as she's a mother and has kids of her own. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	We've only been to see her twice. Dr. Shockley seemed like an acceptable pediatric doctor, but I thought the nurses (mainly the older ones) were not at all meant for being a nurses for children. They seemd rushed and were very cold and rough with my sick daughter.  	2	3	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	Great fast service and  caring staff. I can  call and get in to doctor same day.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
4	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	Pleasant, very attentive, gave very good eye exam, did not feel rushed.  Great smile! Would highly recommend her! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:MSP
8	1	I have two boys ages 8 and 5 and they are very active. They have seen Dr. Sheppard since birth and I would never change that. My boys are very active. Whenever I would freak out and make an appointment to see the dr. about something that they managed to hurt themselves on now, he would simply look at it and say &quot;that's nothin'&quot; No matter what it was. He has the ability to relax the patient and take care of them at the same time. If you did not get help from Dr. Sheppard then you just werent listening.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
8	-1	When i was in the hospital, after an attempted suicide, he came into the CCU and laughed at me and said, &quot;You cant Overdose on todays psych meds!&quot; He called my psychiatrist a chickenshit doctor for telling me to talk to Dr.Sheppard about my medications. I can see why everyone at the clinic is moving into seperate practices. He cant get along with any  other MD's except Dr.  Sadr! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	-1	Dx my MS but said I was manic depressive when I am NOT manic!!! I hav a temper! And do not take kindly to waiting an hour for an appt! He does not tell you affects of massive steroids he orders. He mouthed off to me after he smacked my head ,&quot;did you go to medical school&#63;&quot; He is so unprofessional! So what he coaches little kids, perhaps he should stick with that not medicine! 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
9	-1	Waited more than 45 minutes when the office was not busy. Doctor had no bedside manner showing no compassion towards 89yo patient who was in so much pain so as to be crying.  Look elsewhere for ENT care.  	2	1	1	3 	Insurance:Medicare
9	1	The surgrey went good, but thats about all I can say for this office.  They were all so rude, you felt like you were bothering them.  Waiting time 45 min.  Never would go back to that office again. 	1	1	2	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	Dr. Sedars is a wonderful dentist. He explains treatment options very well. I've had fillings, crowns, and even a root canal with absolutely no pain. He is extremely gentle and caring. He is also fantastic with children. If you want your kids to love going to the dentist, take them to Dr. Sedars. I highly recommend him to anyone.  He will take the time to answer questions to help make sure you understand everything. His prices are very fair too.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
10	-1	He saw my child. They wouldn't let me in the exam room with my child. Took bite-wing x-rays (that was OK). Then tried to take a panoramic x-ray without my consent. (That is a $65 x-ray). I saw them preparing for that x-ray and told them to stop just before they took the pan. He proceeded to stand in the waiting room and argue with me for 40 minutes about why he 'needed' to take a pan. He spent less than 2 minutes looking in my child's mouth. There was nothing wrong with the teeth. I think what he 'needed' was the extra money as there were no other people in the waiting room.  I will never go back. 	4	4	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	My daughter was put in the hospital at 1 month (1985) and Dr. Salow was filling in for our doctor who was out of town.  I was so impressed.  He came in and talked to the baby first and then me.  I watched as he cared for my daughter and switched to him immediately once she was released.  He is very caring, knowledgable and communicates in a language you can understand.  My daughter now has a daughter and he is also my granddaughters doctor.  She does not care for ANY doctor but we LOVE him.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	1	Excellent doctor.  One of the best pediatricians in the country.  Gentle, caring, professional, kind and very good with kids.  Listens to the child and the parents.  Highly recommend Dr. Salow. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	Dr. Shy is extremely knowledgeable, thorough, and his bedside manner is amazing.  He was very effective in treating my 13 year old son and making my son feeling like he was an active participant in his healthcare.  We left our appt feeling well informed and well cared for by Dr. Shy and Shawna (genetics counselor).  Dr. Shy is an expert in CMT and is an amazing neurologists. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	Dr. Shy and his staff at the Wayne State University CMT Clinic were superb in every respect. My one-day visit to his clinic in August 2011 provided me with many helpful insights into the CMT1A that was first diagnosed for me 52 years ago. That day at the clinic I saw many specialists affiliated with the clinic and learned much from them all. In particular, Dr. Shy was exceptional - very clear explanations, gave me all the time I required and was available all day as questions arose. My son and grand-daughter, both of whom also have CMT1A, also went through the clinic with me that day and found the experience invaluable. Absolutely top marks for all the CMT clinic staff! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	Extremely knowledgeable about Charcot Marie Tooth disease. A very kind man, explains everything in detail.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
13	-1	Staff was really unfriendly and rude and did not preauthorize with my insurance company.  	1	3	1	2 	Insurance:Delta Dental
13	1	Very friendly, worked well, very satisfied.  Love my new dentist!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	0	Not good with children, very short with daughter. Did not wait for pain medication to kick in for her root canal, (she's two). Would not recommend to take children there. Bad office staff.  		4	2	3 	Insurance:Delta Dental
14	-1	I went for adult rosacea. Had Dr. Harlen (Elaine's brother and the doctor at this clinic) diagnose that for me, and I felt he was competent to do that. He shuffles people off to Elaine S. then for most simple procedures, as she is a practical nurse. She gave me several laser light treatments, which did no good. Drugs, ditto. Then she wondered if I had discoid lupus &amp; took a biopsy &amp; I have a scar now. I did NOT have discoid lupus! All in all, this place rakes in the money by Dr. H. doing new pt. exams, &amp; expensive surgeries while Elaine does the rest. She is fast, as is he in talking &amp; she was fast to judgment. I was very disappointed &amp; would not recommend either of them to anyone unless it was a very simple skin condition, with proven cure. He even has his own line of lotions &amp; potions which he promotes. Both live in huge expensive houses. Small wonder.  But at what cost and detriment to the patient I wonder&#63; 	4	3	1	2 	Insurance:Medicare
14	0	I have seen Elaine twice so far. The first time i was super early for my appt but i felt as if she was in a hurry and didnt answer my questions properly. She kept standing at the door and i felt she was in a hurry to be somewhere else. The treatment didnt work for me and she couldnt give me anything stronger because i am breastfeeding. The second time i felt the same thing, as if she was in a hurry to get out of the room. I wish she would have taken the time to answer my questions instead of treating me like a name on her list, prescribing medication and moving on. I will not be going back there and will look at other derms in the area if need be.  	4	4	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	Whereas I feel Dr. Seldon is very knowledgeable, I feel she is eager to get through her day and not exactly take the time to explain treatment. She leaves most of the directions & information to her staff to disciminate to her patients. I went off birth control & my scalp and face broke out. Having gone to Dr. Harlan as a teen, I went back as an adult. She gave me a tremendous list of medications to buy (some free samples) but none of them worked. She offered one but since I'm trying to get pregnant, she advised not to. She never diagnosed my condition, just kept telling me I had too much male hormone in my system. I have just been diagnosed with hypothyroidism and what upsets me the most was that she didn't even consider advising me to take a blood sample to be tested. I have a serious issue with my thyroid and she missed the obvious symptoms. She's a nice personality but perhaps should slow down and get to know each patient.  		5	3	4 	Insurance:Aetna
15	1	. Excellent retina specialist and diagnostician; very reassuring and easy to understand manner; willing to spend extra time explaining procedures 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
16	1	very good ,listens to you,takes time to explain things and make you very comfortable while you r in the office.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	He delivered 2 of my 3 children and did an awesome job. I would recommend him.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
17	1	Dr. Sieman was not my doctor but was on call when I went in for an emergency pre-term birth. He was calming and kind. 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	I needed help and He gave me information and help.   	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	0	Waited in the exam room for well over an hour. No apology from the Dr. Spent 15-20 minutes, tops, and didn't have much to say in terms of diagnostics or interpretation of the testing we had done to determine what could be causing the problem. Asked us to schedule time to see her in two months and left the room. Enormous waste of time and money.  	5	1	2	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
18	-1	Dr Seiler has very poor bedside manor and when on call is unreachable.  	1	1	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	1	 	4	5	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	Very personable. Recognized my daughter's illness when another doctor did not. I trust him totally with my entire family.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	1	Kris Shaver is a PA, but should be a doctor ! She is so sweet and knowledgeable about people. She goes the extra mile to help her patients and has a very pleasant demeanor. She has helped me considerably.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
21	1	very good 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	Dr. David H. Segal is an excellent caring person that my husband and I highly recommend.  He explained procedures very clear and spent time with us going over all of our options.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	Very good bedside manner-comes across as compassionate and caring, but still very upfront about the patient's condition. Is observant, listens well and is a good diagnostician.  Is cautiously aggressive in her approach to treatment. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	Pleasant and seemingly knows her stuff, but such an unprofessional appearance!  (Ill-fitting clothes and such dirty shoes. ) 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	-1	Not helpful for me either. When I asked him a question about my condition he rambled some obscure info that did not make any sense. Asked him to clarify and he replied that there are no miracles with prostatitis. He also failed to tell me everything that he found in my ct scan and ultrasound. I cannot recommend him with what I have experienced with him.  	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	0	Not Helpful at ALL!!!!!!!!! 	3	5	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
25	-1	.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Workers Comp
25	1	100% recovery via knee scope for menicus tear. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	0	Nice, but does not address the main issues all the time.  Sometimes need 2 or 3 visits for the same problem to finally have the problem addressed.  Not satisfied with primary care.  	4	5	3	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
27	1	I had her why she was trying to get to be a dents. in Iowa City now she should be even better now. Now she is in a difrent places now. I am thinking of going back to her. 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	I could not begin to say enough good things Dr sailer is the best dentist I have ever been to.  She is approachable and explains everythig as we go along.  My three children go to her also all 4 and under and she and her staff took the time with them to make them feel at ease!  AMAZING  thanks. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	-1	The staff at his office were very poor.  The one secretary was very rude when I asked for some records to be faxed and then hung up on me.  I then had to call back so I could get the files faxed.  I now go to a dentist who has more professional staff. 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	I went in for a consultation, and was treated very well by staff and Dr. Sailer. She told me what I needed and what it would cost and left it up to me to decide what to do. Very pleased!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	Nice lady.  She is in and out of the room quickly.  Her staff were nice and helpful 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
28	-1	I have went in for a cleaning , and never ever been in so much pain. I had to ask them to stop- and they never offered anything for the pain. They asked me to come back a different day. They only got half done and I had to pay over 100.00 . I now go do a different dentist who is much gentler!! 		4	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	Have been fairly happy with Dr. Sailer, sometimes however I get the feeling she is there at work to have social time with her staff. Was unable to help my daughter with dental work due to the fact the she need to have gas and the doctor is pregnant. My two year old had to have a root canal on a broken tooth and had to endure three office visits in one day and two different doctors. Then the final straw was a polpotomy (baby root canal) with no pain relief. Office staff is also very bad. Beware.  		4	4	3 	Insurance:Delta Dental
29	1	Great doc with a lot of compassion 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	Knowledgeable, very caring, sincere 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	Dr. Schutte and her partner Dr. Rivers are both excellent doctors. We really like both of them and would highly recommend this office to anyone looking for a pediatrician. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	Dr. Schutte is the best doctor I have ever encountered. She listens, cares and is very thorough. She has gone above and beyond what most doctors would do.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
31	1	She is wonderful. She spends time making sure all questions are answered. Asks how the other kids are doing. Professional, experienced, knowledgeable. Nurse and front desk are, well less than helpful. But the Dr. is so good, I usually don't even care.  She is just GREAT!! 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	1	Dr. Semelroth is good at what he does and best of all is completely honest when discussing the situation. He lets the client decide how the treatment should progress, but first makes sure they are completely aware of what different treatment options are possible and in detail what they entail. He is the sort of chiropractor who is looking to see you less (far from the myth of &quot;once you go to a chiropractor, you will always go to a chiropractor&quot;), because he wants to correct the situation so repeat visits are not necessary. He does have two type of patients, those that come in when something pops to be adjusted then go, and those who come every few months as a sort of &quot;maintenance&quot; routine. I've asked a lot of questions about the chiropractic science and how it impacts the human body. What he responds with (drawings, demonstrations, discussions) is detailed, and easily verified (web or second opinion). He has an excellent personality, which helps to keep one calm while being adjusted.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	1	did surgery to relief foot pain.... thanks to him i can walk again.ins paid most of it. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	I have a very bad ankle that was dislocated and no longer attached to the leg.  I have had 11 surgeries on it, just trying to keep it together. Initially I saw orthopedic surgeons, and they just saw the bones and didn't even look at the soft tissue around the ankle.  Dr. Sehl has helped me tremendously by repairing tendons and getting me involved in physical therapy,etc.  He took the time to research my past surgeries and to talk to other foot doc's before cutting on my ankle.  I  hightly recommend him and his staff.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	1	Dr. Sehl and his staff were wonderful.  He really took his time to explain everything and really helped my foot problem out. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	Great Doctor with good bedside manners. Very knowlagable 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
34	-1	makes you feel very uncomfortable unsnapped my bra to check kidneys and went all the around to breast area 	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	She was running a bit behind schedule, but apologized as she had an emergency at the hospital.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	1	the whole office staff are very friendly and helpful.   Dr Sheeley takes time to answer any questions I may have and explains every thing 	5	3	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	1	An excellent physician - she will take the time to listen to the patient and sort through a number of issues in a single appointment.  Rare to find these days.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	1	I found her to always late and overall care subject to useless blood texts.  Her yearly physicals were done poorly 	3	2	3	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	1	She will take the time to listen and assist with any questions and issues.  Sometimes that can make her punctuality suffer, but I know if I need extra time, she will take it to give me the best care she can.  I have confidence in her knowledge and if she does not know, she will tell you and then find the answers.  	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	1	I've been seeing Dr, Slawson for many years now and he is by far the best Chiropractor I've ever gone to, I would recommend him to anyone!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	Very knowledgable in sports injury's. Great attention to your needs. I have recommended Dr Slawson to several friends and relatives. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	What an amazing experience!! The front desk lady was so friendly, my appointment was right on time, Dr Torry was so knowledgeable, the heat therapy was NO extra cost, and my adjustment was wonderful! I feel great and it's all thanks to Dr Torry! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	Both of my children see Dr. Sheets for asthma.  My older child started with him when he was at Blank and she was 18 months old.  We had been to her pediatrictian 6 times in the month of January and they mis-diagnosed her each time.  Within 10 days of our 1st visit with Dr. Sheets she was vastly improved.  Very knowledgeable and listens to parents.  Dr. Sheets understand that a parent knows what is going on with their child.  I highly recommend Dr. Sheets.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	1	Dr. Scurr is easy to talk too and knowledgeable.  He is approachable outside of work and always seems friendly. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
39	0	Seemed gentle but as soon as a test came back negative out of a number that could have also been considered he whispered to his students I it was something else less serious.     I was released to go home without checking to see how well I could walk. It was assumed I could return to work. I asked about this and was told perhaps I shouldnt be concerned about working. As a result I lost my job I so needed. 	3	4	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
39	-1	Very uncaring,mean doctor. Kicked me out of clinic just because I wanted to do MRI in a nearby hospital because of my insurance. I didn't even insist on getting the MRI there, I just suggested. He is short-temped and non-compassionate indian doctor.  Doesn't listen and didn't care about my health. All he care about is getting as much money as possible to his hospital. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
40	-1	Very self-centered to the point of risking a patients care 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	Great doc and staff my life total in trusted in him and GOD 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	Dr. Subhash has been our family physician for 30 years. He is a wonderful doctor, but most importantly he really cares about his patients. The staff at the clinic are great, too. Sometimes he is in a rush because he overschedules his patients (they never turn anyone away who needs to be seen) but if you really need him he will take the time to figure out what is wrong.  	5	3	4	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
41	1	Dr. Subhash treats his patients like they are family members.  He truly cares about his patients.  When a family looses a family member, he also looses a &quot;family member&quot;.  He bends over backwards to make you feel cared about.  He has no problems coming to the ER after hours to see you unlike some doctors in bigger towns.  He delivered both my kids and treats them like his grandkids when I take them into the office.  Dr.  Subhash is a part of our &quot;family&quot;! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
41	1	Dr. Sabash always takes the time to listen to you and get to the root of the problem.  I found him very compassionate.  He also was able to refer us to a world reowned doctor for our son who needed very specialized care. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
41	-1	Lucky if he spends 5 minutes with you. 		2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	Good knowledgeable doctor, but plan on waiting 1 1/2 to 2 hours past your scheduled time.  In the 7 times I have been to him, I have never gotten in to see him any sooner.  He needs to realize that his patients' time is as valuable as his.  	5	1	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
42	1	During my visit I felt that I was treated very well.I would absolutely recommend this doctor to my family and friends.  I felt this visit was an amazing success!Overall I would rate this visit : outstanding! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	Awesome pediatrician for our child. She answers any questions we have patiently and only offers advice for things we have asked unless its medically necessary.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	1	Wonderful, knowledgebale and great staff 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	I would highly recommend Dr. Schulte for anyone who is needing ENT services for both adults and children.  He is professional, respectful, and caring.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	1	Very nice doctor. knowledgeable and will answer questions.  Doesn't seem to try and hurry you through. Usually can get an appointment quickly if you really need it fast.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	1	Dr.Schneider has the best bedside manor if you call him and his schdule is full he will usally fit you in.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	1	Very very nice man! 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	Office is warm and inviting. Very child-friendly office.  The staff was very helpful. Our whole family sees Dr. Skow and is feeling great.  Our son loves to get adjusted on the horse table. Very gentle adjustments and addresses nutrition.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
47	1	. Can hardly see the scar 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	1	Awesome dentist.  Very knowledgeable and efficient.  His staff are very friendly and accommodating.  There is sometimes a wait to get an appointment, but it is worth the wait. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
49	-1	.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	1	She has been doing a great job with our family and I would have no problem telling friends and family to see her. I would encourage them actually! She is very knowledgeable and seems very caring. She is also very easy to talk to.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	-1	I didn't have the greatest experience with Dr. Schneider. I began seeing her a few years back when I decided to try for a family. Right off the bat, she criticized me for being too young (I was 22 at the time) and told me that I should &quot;Go live my life first.&quot; Well I didn't accept that and so she started taking me serious. She took the easy way out and gave me Clomid ( a drug used to induce ovulation) After 3 unsucessfull months of that, she did some blood work to see if I had PCOS. She said I didn't and there was nothing more she could do except just keep tring and it would eventually work. Well, fast-forward to today. It never worked. In fact, I have been seeing an RE for the year and I HAVE been diagnosed with PCOS and a blocked tube and I needed IVF. So I'm sure glad I didn't take her advise on &quot;Just Living my life first!!!&quot; 	3	5	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	I had a, in my doctors words-honking huge fibroid- which I finally had to have removed after watching for 5 years under her care. The surgery went very well and she stitched internally and glued instead of stapled because of the distance I had to travel. I haven't felt this good in years. I Say she's great.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
51	1	Dr. Seem is a very thorough doctor that listens to his patients.  His fairly direct about what is needed to be done and does his part to ensure good patient f/u.  I would recommend him.  	5	3	5	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
51	-1	Rohit Seem, The rudest man I have ever met. He proceeded to say something about my weight, and considering that I have a condition in which I am currently not able to help it, I didnt find it very funny, not that I would find it funny reguardless. I would not reccomend ANYONE go to him. I will be sure to make it known.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
51	1	Dr. Seem has a friendly and caring bedside manner. He was very gentle when he performed the upper G.I. testing and didn't hurt a thing.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
51	1	Dr. Seem is the best doctor I've ever had!Professional, smart & caring. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	Dr Skinner is a superb doctor.  He is very knowledgeable.  AND, if he doesn't know something, he will admit that and send you to someone who does.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
53	1	Dr. Skinner is the most professional, complete   physician our family has ever been honored to   call our &quot;doctor&quot;..he is compassionate,thorough   and a delight. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
54	-1	Very rude, argumentative.  Would never go to her again! 	5	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	Dr. Scott removed my first artificial hip and started my recovery with antibiotics via a PIC line for a period of approx. 6 weeks in the hospital. Dr. Scott dismissed me from the hospital for a two month home rest. I then went back to the hospital and the &quot;concrete spacer&quot; was removed and a second steel hip was put in place.  He was so informative and always kept me at ease. He has a professional bedside manner and shows compassion. He was so faithful in visiting every day and keeping me updated on my progress. I had Staph infection in the bone marrow and he was knowledgeable about my condition. I would recommend him to anyone needing an excellent Orthopedic surgeon. He has used his gift wisely in becoming an Orthopedic surgeon.  I appreciate all he did for me. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	Dr. Sakornbut and her staff are always friendly and can get me in right away when needed. She has a great bedside manner and always answers my questions thoroughly.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
56	1	Dr. Sakornbut and her staff are very friendly and knowledgeable. They care about you as a patient and as a person. Dr. Sakornbut is very informative and thorough in her work. I've never had a doctor as good as she is and I will never go to anyone other than her.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
56	-1	Was seen for family practice/ob care. I needed a doctor who was pleased and eager to answer questions, take time to check into my concerns, and obviously diagnose issues thoroughly and accurately. She dismissed and misdiagnosed my early contractions, saying my pain was due to anxiety. I ended up in the E.R. and was admitted to the OB ward. It was beneath her to take the time to tell me the results of my test and discuss recommendations and medications to stop the contractions. Among many other flaws, she did not have knowledge on simple OB questions such as prenatal vitamins. She does not provide samples although her closet is stocked. Her office is quite empty. Although the nurses seemed polite and cheery, I sensed tension and didn't feel they thought they were working in a pleasant environment (one nurse seemed to understand why I was transferring). 		3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
57	-1	I have been going to Dr. Wendy Sanders for about 8 years.  She has been great until they hired new nursing staff.  Amy the new Nurse should not be in the medical industry.  She is very rude on the phone when trying to ask for help. For a nurse her hygiene needed some help.  I would go back to Wendy if she got some new staff.  Other than that, Wendy was a decent doctor, felt like she was working for the drug companies.  Every time I went she tried to have me try something different.  There are better doctors in the Cedar Rapids area.  	1	2	2	2 	Insurance:BC Med
58	0	Diagnosed my husband with MS.  Horrible &quot;bedside manner&quot; and assumed he knew what questions I was going to ask and interrupted to answer.  Unfortunately his answer had nothing to do with my question.  His explanation of MS was confusing and lacked every day people explanations.  This doctor is very knowledgeable about MS but I think he's forgotten that other people aren't.  Overall left his office feeling even worse then when we found out he had MS originally at the eye neuro.  If only he could take his knowledge of MS and learn how to have better customer relations he would be a good doctor, until then, I would be ok with never going back.  	5	4	1	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
58	-1	He was very patronizing and couldn't be bothered to examine me. Rather than run tests he (grudgingly) decided to send me for a cognition test. He lied to me, telling me it was used to diagnose neuropathic pain and talking about the test as though it was an FMRI when there are no scans of any kind involved. A cognition test is actually used to diagnose psychological disorders. Rather than look for the cause of my pain he decided that I was a head case. He even told my husband that he was &quot;too young to be in pain&quot; without seeing his records, nor was he even a patient! 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	He knows his MS..but he has a tendency to talk &quot;At me&quot; &amp; TO my husband. I have called 2 weeks ago for pain &amp; have had no response.  	4	3	3	5 	Insurance:Medicare
59	1	she is very easy to talk to, doen't talk down to you, believes you when you tell her what hurts. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	Dr. Sheffield is a pediatric genetics specialist.  He provided my child excellent care, and took time to explain the diagnosis and consequences.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
61	1	Dr.  Secory is great - always very friendly, cheerful, and answers any questions that we have (which sometimes, is a lot!) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
62	1	She is an excellant Dr.,knowledgeable, very helpfull, a very concerning person. with a great bedside manner, and bubbling personality.... she is very very good.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
63	1	Dr. Silbermann is very easy going and friendly. He listens to your concerns and puts your mind at ease. He has my recommendation. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	She's fantastic!  Amazing to get such cutting-edge care in a small Iowa town.  The entire office staff seems warm, helpful, and compassionate.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	1	Traci and her staff were very helpful and nice. A nice and relaxing environment that really puts patients at ease. I had a great appointment with her and it was very obvious to me that she genuinely cared. 	5	5	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
65	-1	I was to have an endoscopy in the office setting. Medication did not work and I told the nurse and Dr but they did not listen and continued with the procedure anyway. Needless to say it was awfully painfull so I started to choke and gag but they continued on. Needless to say I pulled the tube out and said no more. I did cuss a little but no apologys were made to me then or since then. Bad experience do not do this. Will not be going or recomending this Dr to anyone. 	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
65	-1	Said the annular tear in my spine didn't hurt. (torn disc) 		2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	Grat Doctor!  He is very thorough and wonderful with children 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	Wonderful office and personal service 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
67	-1	 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	She's one of the best NUCCA chiropractors in the country. She's also turned me on to several other modalities that were excellent. A real find! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	Dr. Schreck has been my doctor for about 30 years.  He has always been great with me and is know really great with my kids.  He will call me with test results and is always willing to explain everything to me.  He was my grandma's doctor also and had been helping me care for her.  She recently passed away and he found the time to show up at her visitation.  Wow!!!  What a caring physician...you don't find much anymore. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	Dr Schreck has been my doctor for over twenty five years, and i would not trade him for anyone else. He`s the kind of doctor everyone wishes they had 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
70	-1	He delivered my son, in 1982 he was a very good doctor then, I have seen him for other things but the last time I saw him, I had to wait an hour, then he kept leaving to answer the phone, he rushed me through so he could leave, I was asking about menopause and he said I wasn't going through it and with the depression I needed to check into Mercy Franklin. Very rude to me. I was in tears all afternoon. I'm needing to go again so I'm changing doctors, he is just to busy to care.  	4	1	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
70	1	LOVE, LOVE, LOVE Sherri and the gals at the front desk; they are the best. Dr. Sager isn't too bad himself either. He is very knowledgable, yes, he may not be all hugs and high fives but he is a busy man and has many patients to see. Will definitely have Dr. Sager deliver our second baby.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
70	1	I have used Dr. Sager for all 4 of my children, if that says anything. Yes, he does rush, but I never had any trouble getting my questions answered. My last pregnancy had a lot of complications and I completely trusted Dr. Sager to take of me and my unborn child. Sheri is also wonderful and very knowledgeable! The younger receptionist can be cold, but the older one always knew my name &amp; was very nice.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
70	1	I have had two pregnancies with Dr. Sager as my OB. I cannot begin to describe the DR he is. Both pregnancies were rough, he caught all of the warning signs, took great care of me, answered every question I had and then some. Both of my pregnancies ended in c-section and he was wonderful in the OR, joking, making me feel at ease, and even taking bets on how big the baby was going to be. I recommend him to anyone that is looking for a great OB. His bedside manner might be a little short, but I believe that he's shy until he gets to know you, his knowledge on all things OB is AMAZING, and his office staff is also amazing. I adore Sheri too, she was always a great wealth of knowledge whenever needed.  There may be a wait in the waiting room (usually is at the DR) but him and Sheri are both worth the wait! I trusted him with my two boys, and will when we have another baby! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
70	-1	Horrible! He should NOT be a doctor and should have his medical license pulled.  Dr. Sager was the on-call doctor, it's Friday 'afternoon', I called him for my daughter who had a baby, now has a bladder infection from the catheter & cesarean. He is an extremely rude uncaring doctor.  He would not help me, only cared how I got the # I called him on (it was the # I was given!) and only interrupted me continually, until I told him I would call someone who did care and hung up on him. Patients who need his help are way less important than a little time out of his day - when he is on-call.  Very rude, very unprofessional, I am shocked he still has a practice, based on my experience & what I read from others! Filing a complaint with the medical board, & suggest everyone with a complaint does as well. Maybe his uncaring attitude will change.  My daughter just needed a prescription change, only a few minutes of his time.   Many doctors here do not want to work on Friday! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
70	1	Was willing to answer my questions and explain what was going on.  Staff was great!  Sheri is very willing to sit with you and explain everything that could and would happen.  	5	3	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
70	0	Rushes.  Seems disinterested in his profession and his patients.  When seen by a nurse practitioner, waited almost an hour in the room twice.  Practice right across from hospital; nurse called him to tell him I was ready to deliver; instead he got through a few more patients and missed the delivery; nurse deliverd baby.  	2	3	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
70	-1	Dr. Sager does not spend time with his patients. He rushes in and out, and doesn't ask questions, and does not encourage his patients to ask any either. He does not take warning signs seriously, and has a poor bedside manner when a pregnancy goes horribly wrong. However, his staff is nice.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
71	1	he is great.  has been my dr for 15 years.  i would recommend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:BC Med
71	0	I can't say if this guy is a good doc or lousy...he's just there in a non-descript sort of way. But I can say that if you like your doc to be moody and inconsistant, this one is for you. One day he's nice and actually listens...the next he's a tree stump. I will also say that the organization around him (Ia Health Systems)sucks...period.  I believe that they recruit and promore based on bad attitudes and being mad at the world, especially IHS/Schoon customers (patients).  His nurse is at the top of that list and is to be avoided at all costs.  	1	3	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
71	-1	I found him to be brusque and at best he spent five minutes examining and talking with me about something I later found to be a serious issue. I found his nurse to be about the same. His personality was flat and barely polite, and his exam was very superficial. I have been to two other doctors in his same clinic and they were fine. This doctor I will never see again, even in an emergency. Bedside manner is not a term with which he is familiar. If he wants to set a good example for his patients, he also needs to lose about 50 pounds. 	5	4	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
72	0	Good Dr. 		3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
73	0	Was too quick and did not explain what he was doing and why. His adjustments scared me. 	5	3	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	Best chiropractor our family has ever found.  Have used him for more than 15 years.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
74	1	Recommended! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
75	-1	 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
76	1	Osteopathic manipulation.  Excellent, knowledgeable, patient, spends time to understand your needs. Explains instructions thoroughly.  I am so thankful to have found him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
77	1	Dr. Shammas has it all...intellect,knowledge, experience, critical skills, and yet takes time to relate to patients on the caring/personal level. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
78	-1	She doesn't understand that other drs in her own practice are more specialized than she is and can do more than she can.  She doesn't understand that there are osteopaths outside of her office.  She also doesn't understand that she is not the only female physician in the county.  She needs to listen more and presume less.  	2	2	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
79	1	knowledgeable, easy to talk to, concerned and spends whatever time is necessary to talk thru your health issues. best dr. i have worked with in years, 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
79	0	Good luck getting an appointment with Dr Shires. You'll end up with his nurse Pract. She's excellent though.  	5	5	3	3 	Insurance:CIGNA
80	1	 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	Dr. Dana Simon is the founder of the Pain Center at Mercy Hospital in Des Moines.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
82	-1	We saw Dr. Shash for an appointment when my daughter's regular pediatrician wasn't available. She answered questions when I asked, but I didn't feel like she provided sound answers, and her diagnosis seemed off. My daughter has a milk protein sensitivity, and recently developed a face rash, diaper rash and loose stools all at the same time. I believe they're dietary related, but the doctor felt the rashes were just because she has sensitive skin. She gave me lotion to put on her face and told me to use A&D; on her bottom. I'd like to find the cause of these issues - not simply mask symptoms. I also asked what formula I should use with the baby if I need to supplement my breast milk. She suggested Similac Sensitive - a formula I know has the milk protein my daughter doesn't tolerate. That didn't sit well with me.  	5	4	2	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
82	1	I love this doctor. She is very knowledgeable and friendly. She truly cares for her patients and takes the time to explain to parents.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
83	1	Dr. Skelton delivered our last two children. We found her to be very knowledgeable. She was very professional and took the time to listen to our concerns.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
83	1	She cares about her patients, your not just another chart.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
84	1	I've lived all over and because of multiple health issues always need a good doctor.  Dawn is amazing!  Caring beyond words.  I hope I stay put in DSM because I can't imgaine finding another doctor this fine.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
84	1	I had Dr. Dawn for a Dr. for quit awhile and I recently have to doctor somewhere else.  But if I lived anywhere closer to Dr.  Dawn I would go back to her in a heart beat 	5	5	5	4 	Insurance:Medicare
84	-1	Couldn't find problem, jumped to conclusions, didn't order logical tests.  	4	4	3	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
84	1	Dr. Schissel is awesome!  I have had many FP physicians over the years that were marginal,and now I have finally found one that is matter of fact, kind, helpful,caring,thorogh,female and a pleasure to see when I am ill.  She has saved me time and money by her ethical treatment.  The front desk staff needs work, but this Family Practice Doctor is the BEST! 	2	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
84	1	Very friendly and willing to listen to all of your questions and concerns. Returns phone calls promptly. Clinic staff is friendly, as well. Very convenient hours with evenings (until 7:00!) and weekends available (rotates evenings and weekends with other doctors at the clinic), as well as walk-in appointments. I refer everyone I know, and they all love her too... even my doctor-phobic boyfriend. :) 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
85	-1	Very disappointed that a prfessional would  not explain conditions or answer my questions.  He appearred rude and uninterested.   He left me with my questions unanswered 	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:Tricare
85	-1	Doctor overcharged me.  $230.00 for routine eye exam, at Wolfe Eye Clinic in Webster City.  I will not go there again. My insurance company even sent me a letter stating he overcharged.  	2	3	1	3 	Insurance:Medicare
86	1	One of the best dentist I have found in the Des Moines area.  Took very good care of my young son when he developed abcesses due to daily medication he was on.  Eventually he had to have several teeth pulled.  He is now 19 and has beautiful teeth thanks to Dr. Shay and his orthodontist, Dr. Langworth who put his spacers in to save room for his permanant teeth.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
87	1	Dr. Shirk was able to help me when other chiropractors couldn't. He actually listened and did a through exam and changed the way i had been getting adjused which made a huge difference. After 6 months of pain I no longer have the pain and it took only thre three treatments. If you have painor know of anyone that is in pain I recommend that you or your friends go to Dr. Shirk'd Acute Care CHiropractic.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
88	-1	I didn't even know this guy was one of my doctors--I had an entire team of doctors treating me--until I looked at my medical records. The only thing I remember this man talking about is how he knows German. He didn't talk to me about my disease. He didn't talk to me about the drugs I was being put on. He didn't talk to me about treatment options. None of that was relevant. But me knowing that he speaks German was for some reason. To be fair, no one on this incompetent team of doctors could be bothered to do their jobs. It's really quite pathetic: I did more for my disease than an entire team of doctors. They did harm, destroyed my life, and did nothing for my disease. I did no harm and put my disease in remission. What a juxtaposition. Of course, they could've done the same--if they cared. But they didn't, and they don't. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
89	0	Poor bedside manner, appointments run 30-45 minutes late consistently, Poor communication.  	5	1	1	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
90	1	Dr. Searles performed breast augmentation on me and it turned out beautifully.  I went with silicone based on his information he provided me witht he pros and cons of silicone vs saline.  He was always very kind and friendly.  My follow up care was good. My scaring was very minimal and I had no complications from my surgery. I have and would recommend him to anyone.  He came recommended to me from my mother who is a nurse on the surgical unit at one of the local hospitals.  She recommended him because she sees his patients and says they have the least amount of infection/complications compared to other plastic surgeons in the area. 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
90	-1	This Dr. is a ****. I have had other breast surgeries, but this guy is the worst. He left me in a terrible mess and when I went back for my first checkup, my reconstruction implant was deformed. He asked ME what I had done! I was in shock. He put it in this way, I had been in bed. He didn't offer any kind of repair..Nothing. I have lived with this for years now and I am afraid to have any more surgery. Be careful and ask for references. 	 10/23/09	4	4	1	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	I brought my child in today and Dr. Sigler went out of her way to explain in detail what my child needed. She was able to keep my child calm and relaxed during our visit when these visits usually tend to be stressful. Thank you Dr.  Sigler 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:AHC
92	-1	.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
92	1	Too bad that people have to leave such nasty comments due to a bad experience.  Instead of bashing him on the internet, speak with him and voice your concerns.  He is human and does not deserve this.  He is an excellent doctor and I would trust no one else.   Grow up! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
92	-1	The WORST EVER!!! He told me that I had cancer over the phone at 7:00 at night andthen told me not to worry about it. When i when to get my records to go to another dortor my records showed in big black letters NO CANCER. no only did he tell me he told my mother and brother-in-law that i had cancer and need to come see him. Come to find out afew months earlier he told my sister she had cancer. they ran alot of test and she dont have anything. Just a week a go he told my sister something might be worng with her baby(she is 13 weeks pregnant) she went to her ob and the baby is fine it was mussels in her back was pulled. needless to say this dortor is all about getting money. will tell u anything to get u to test.  DONT GO TO HIM!!! 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
92	1	Our entire family has switched to Dr. Sadr, we followed him when he left the West Broadway clinic. Dr. Sadr and his staff are superior to the staff at the Broadway clinic.  He left no stone unturned in diagnosing my condition. I have the utmost respect for a physician who will refer a patient to another physician when he has exhausted all avenues.  Dr. Sadr is the BEST in my book. He does not rush you through your appointment,he takes the time to listen to you and his bedside manner is superior to most other physicians I have encountered.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
92	1	No longer at the West Broadway Clinic (thank goodness) and now his care is EVEN BETTER then it already was, as it seems he is able to spend more time with each patient. He really takes his time to find out what is wrong and treat you to the best of his abilities. I've been going to Dr. Sadr for a couple of years, and I now take my toddler to see him as well. Every time I have to see a different doctor (weekends or something of the like) I am always let down by their care because I'm used to such quality care with Dr. Sadr.  =] 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
92	0	he is rude dosent care about his patients seems to not like the United States. wants to argue with every one, and always thinks he right. well not even close to being right. i dont know how he ever keeps his patients. 	1	1	1	5 	Insurance:Unknown
92	-1	He is the WORST doctor ever. I will never be going to him again. 	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
92	-1	He is rude and doesn't know what he is talking about.  	4	2	1	2 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
92	1	The BEST doctor!  Listens, and has wonderful bedside manner.  Would recommend to everyone! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
93	1	Very knowledgeable and easy to communicate with.  He is able to effectively communicate with patients of all ages.  Would highly recommend this doctor to anyone needing excellent care. 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
93	1	Dr. Silvius has been able to keep my husband feeling 'well'. His previous Dr. offered no help when he would tell him how ill he felt. He'd answer, &quot;well, you ARE getting older&quot;. Dr. Silvius helped adjust meds for his diabetes and high blood pressure, he no longer feels lethargic and sluggish.  Go to him, he listens and he cares!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
93	1	Dr. Silvius has been my dr. for 4 years.  Has always been very professional, compassionate, and knowledgeable.  Orders appropriate tests, and makes sure you understand results.  Would recommend him to anyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
93	1	This is the best doctor I have ever seen. I have been going to him now for over 3 years. He takes time to see his patients and listens to what they say. He makes you feel like you are important and will spend the time to work with you. I drive over 60 miles just to visit this doctor. I would recommend this doctor to anyone.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
93	-1	Dr. Sylvius was extremely condesending and during my mom's exam, in my presence, he told her that she must be schizophrenic. He said this without offering any clinical tests, treatment, or real diagnosis. Her problem turned out to be high blood pressure.  		3	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
94	1	I would highly recommend this doctor to anyone.  I would not think of changing.  Also, I know that he has made house calls to a man that was terminally ill.  Overall a great doctor and extremely personable.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
94	1	We have the whole family going to Dr. Sagers. Kids all like him, he is a good listener and a great sense of humor. (Angie's good too) Keep up the good work.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
94	1	Dr. Sagers treats me like an equal,  always has time for questions, and is always upbeat and positive.  He is concerned where need be, but never judges or lectures. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
94	1	Dr. Sager has treated me for 3 years and has been with me through two surgerys and fibromyalgia treatment.He has done great in prescribing for my condition and has always listened to and addressed my health needs. I think he is the best docter I have had.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
94	1	Always takes time to answer all questions and really makes you feel cared for. He is my new daughter's pediatrician as well and makes sure that I am taking care of myself as well as my baby because he knows that mommys are important too.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
94	1	I've been with Dr. Sagers about 5 years. Very knowledgeable and yet willing to admit when he does not have the answer. Compassionate and professional.  	 1/31/10	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
94	1	I highly recommend him.  He sees my entire family and we have total trust and confidence in him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
94	1	Fantastic doctor!  Has to be the best ever!  Knows his stuff wouldn't go to anyone else. Glad that I found him.  A++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
94	1	He is the best.  He treats our whole family and we all think he is wonderful.  Very easy to talk to and very willing to take time to help and answer questions.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
94	1	Dr. Sagers is very caring, has a great sense of humor, and is the best doctor I've seen. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
94	1	I have had Dr. Sagers for about 5 years and he is always hepful and caring about me when i am sick or just need somebody to talk to. He gives me his recomendations for medications when i am sick and they are always helpful.  Love you alot Doc Sagers 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
94	1	He's the best doctor i've had so far! He makes you feel welcome and cares about you. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
94	1	He really seems to care about his patients. He takes time to make sure all questions are answered 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
95	1	Wonderful doctor who has 5 of his own children, so he knows his profession from both sides! There is often a wait to see him (10 to 15 min), but it is because he's a wonderful physician, and goes out of his way to make sure everyone is seen the same day if needed. 	 9/29/07	4	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
96	1	I saw Dr. singh for treatment of Hodgkins lymphoma and received excellent care. I thought him to be a little distant at first but as I continued receiving treatment, I found him to be very caring and sincere in nature. He even came in to speak to my brother who had flown in from Germany, to speak to him about my condition and answer all our questions. I continue to see Dr. Singh for regular check-ups and am very grateful for his having been a key element in my current remission.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
96	-1	I saw Dr. Singh twice in October of this year as a followup to surgical removal of some very small Stage 0 cancer cells from my right breast. I waited 45 minutes from the time of my appointment before I saw Dr. Singh. After he introduced himself, he had me wait while he reviewed my records on computer. He told me I had the &quot;very best kind of cancer&quot;. He recommended 6 weeks of radiation therapy, followed by 5 years of tamoxifen, to lessen my chances of redeveloping cancer from 3-4% to 2-3%. While I was waiting for the appt. with the radiologist, I did some research online about radiation therapy of the breast and tamoxifen.I discovered some side effects (damage to the underlying lung and renal failure) I sought another appt. with Dr. Singh. When I voiced my concerns about the side effects of his recommendation, he made little of them. I asked for a prescription for tamoxifen. He gave it to me and left the room in a huff without saying goodbye. 		1	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
97	1	Dr. Sagha came to me when I was very very ill..To say that his treatment worked for me would be an understatment. It saved my life. He listened,and studied, and gave me the attention that I needed and it worked! God Bless Dr.Sagha! I only pray he will stay here.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
98	1	They are helpful and accomodating.  Prices are good and he works quickly and with great skill.  Both things I like in a dentist. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
99	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
100	1	Dr. Shreck is one of the most caring doctors I have met.  He takes the time to listen and does what is needed for each patient. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
100	1	Very caring.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
