dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
11	1	 Dr. Feltz just performed a total hysterectomy, rectocele and cystocele, including removing my tubes and ovaries. I am 48 years old, and this was my very first time under general anesthesia. I was scared to death and very worried beforehand. Dr. Feltz was kind, caring, had an amazing bedside manner, and answered all my questions. The surgery took a long time, but he did a beautiful job and there was really minimal pain. I would recommend him to anyone - he is extremely knowledgeable and took extra time with me, since I had so many questions and concerns about HRT, taking ovaries or not (and he left that totally up to me). I wouldn't hesitate to recommend him to anyone! I feel very blessed that I chose him to do this major surgery on me. You are in excellent hands with Dr. Feltz.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	1	 BEST DR. EVER! He listens and he cares... Dr. feltz has done 3 lap. surgeries for my severe endometriosis. The 1st one he did with in a few days after seeing me ON HIS DAY OFF!! (He has done 2 of my surgeries on his day off) He knew I was in so much pain that he wasted no time helping me. He even called me that night (pretty sure from home cause I could hear his kids in the back ground) just to check on me.. What Dr. does that&#63; Gotta love this guy. I have seen Dr. Feltz every 3 months for the past 3 years. The last surgery he did on me was a robotic Laperoscopy, so far the most effective surgery so far. Plus he never gives up on me when I feel like throwing in the towel cause I have had no success getting pregnant.  He is bound and determined to help me fulfill my dream of being a mother!!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	1	 Had to switch Dr.'s and luckily followed a referral from a friend to Dr. Feltz.  I had a problem and my prior dr. was not addressing it. Dr. Feltz found it at my first visit.  he changed my life.  I continue to see him after 10 years and he is always ready to listen and answer questions. I beleive he personally is concerned about my well being. They are extremely busy at his clinic but I do not feel like &quot;a number&quot;.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Coventry
11	1	 I adore Dr. Feltz! He has been the best OB I have ever seen and I was so happy he was on call to deliver our first daughter! I can only hope that he will be able to deliver the next! His bedside manner is excellent- I actually feel like I can ask questions and he takes time to explain things.  He is very personable and professional! Best OB in the DSM area! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	-1	 No pain medications because he sent me home in labor.   Too busy&#63; 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	-1	 the rudest obgyn. Treats you like a number. His office never calls with test results and you have to follow up on everything. He changes the subject everytime you have a question and walks out the door mid sentence. He is terrible and doesn't care about his patients.  	3	2	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$1200
11	1	 I was having nausea, heart burn, weightloss, and other digestive problems for almost a year before coming to see Dr. Feltz.  He changed the birth control I was using and found that I had a very large ovarian tumor (never found by any other of my years exam doctors).  It was surgically removed, saving my ovary.  He called me himself at home the next day.  I did have a complication and began bleeding that evening into my abdomen.  After speaking with the nurses, even if only on the phone, he would talk to be personally.   I am a nurse and while I was in the hospital the nurses all told me how kind he was to them.  I will never see another OB/GYN again, I very much trust his knowledge and ability.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	1	commentsdelivered my daughter 10 years ago and was an exceptional doctor back then.  did a hysterectomy on my mother this year and again did a fabulous job.  I thought he was very caring 10 years ago and my mom said the same thing about her surgery.  He is extremely knowledgeable and helpful  good doctor 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	 Overly aggressive in treatment. Not very caring bedside manner. Did a total hysterectomy and it probably wasn't necessary.  	5	4	4	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	0	commentsAlmost had the baby in the car because of him. Terrible care. 		1	2	3	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	 WONDERFUL! Delivered my twins and singleton. One of his partners (Fagerland) leaves alot to be desired. But the rest of the group is fantastic.  I would recommend them to anyone!!! 		5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	1	 Very helpful and knowledgeble. Very pleasant to talk to. Would work well with all ages.  		5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	1	commentsGreat doctor; great surgeon; great bedside manner; recommend highly; took care of my kidney stones 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	commentsSuper doctor, but more importantly, a super person! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	 He is a great doctor. Very nice person and respectful.  	4	2	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
32	1	commentsDr. Ferrer delivered two of my children in emergency C-section situations. I thank him that my children are ok. I think he has a very good bedside manner and has to be a very good doctor to handle emergency situations so well. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	commentsThis doctor is amazing to me. No matter so upset or nervous I may be whenever he walks in the room, I instantly calm down and know everythings going to be fine. Terrific bed side manner, and always is respectful of everyone he meets! 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	commentsThis man solved was solved a case of mysterious diagnosis that was shown on TV. He may be arrogant but there is a reason why. He is smarter than you and I. 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
33	-1	commentsDr. is good with deliveries/pelvic checks comfortable, tells to lose lbs.while thintoget pregnant or to have surgery. Does not believe in hysterectomies even when pt. is in very poor health because she needs a Hyst/willkill you. 	5	5	1	3	Insurance:Unknown
33	-1	 This doctor is arrogant and ignored both me and my family when i was hospitalized, he never examined me but simply assumed he knew what was wrong. The result of that almost killed me and ended up killing 2 of my children. I do not recommend this doctor to anyone.  	5	3	1	1	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
33	1	commentsbest doctor, nice office, I felt very comfortable having him as a doctor,he knows what hes doing... tara 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	 He truly cares and goes above and beyond to make certain that my family is completely cared for and visits are thorough.  A gem.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
45	1	 Dr. Fagre is an extremely caring and comforting doctor.  He is very thorough and knowledgable.  He truly listens to his patients to provide the best care possible.  I highly recommend Dr. Fagre to anyone who seeks and wants the best medical care possible.   He is the best!!!!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	1	commentsDoc was delayed getting to me but for a good and acceptable cause. He was dealing with another patient simultaneously with far bigger issues than mine. He was my obstetrician 10+ yrs ago before I moved away. He was very compassionate and knowledgeable. I saw him again yesterday and is still the same dr I saw back then! He knows his practice and is good at it. I searched around before going to him the first time. I heard very good things about him and he only proved them to be true. Everyone has - and + traits, but as a physician, he is competent and has proven to be a decent care provider which is what I was looking for. He also was aware that I didn't have insurance so we discussed alternatives that would help me with my treatment vs spending unneccessarily. His professional personality is also polite which assists in a high comfort level and positive outcome! I've never been made to feel like an inconvenience. He is human, if treated with respect, I'm sure he'll be respectful back! 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	 Terrific doctor. There needs to be more like this one.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:TricarePaid/Co-pay:$100
45	-1	commentsApparently, I was taking too much of his precious time and he just walked out, without a word to me, and told his nurse to finish writing my information. Never seen such rudeness from a supposed professional before. But, perhaps he hasn't quite overcome his own drug addiction (he's been suspended at least once) and sexual exploits in his office. Don't know what I was thinking! 	3	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	commentsif you have not tried NSA, you should, Dr. Amber is one of the best! Paid/Co-pay:$40	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
49	-1	comments 	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	 I went in as a walk in 6or7years ago. I would not see another Dr. He is straight to you and listens.I have seen Dr.s before that just rush right thru that does not happen with him. John Hanlon 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	1	 Dr. Fackrell is an excellent doctor. Friendly, compassionate and accurate.  I have used him for years.  My wife is now using him also after he wrote correct prescriptions that quickly resolved an eye problem the same as one that she had a year ago.  At that time, she had gone to an opthalmalogist who took months to get it resolved.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	1	commentsDr Fackrell is a great doctor, never been wrong.  Wonderful with kids.  Great sense of humor.  Just a really decent guy.  I'd trust him with my kids. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	commentsGreat Doctor w/ lots of experience. Sports specialty 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	 Dr. Feldmann is very knowledgable and patient.  He always takes the time to listen to my concerns about my own, or my kids' health.  If he had any concerns about how my kids or I were doing he always made sure to order the appropriate tests and followed up until we found an answer or the problem resolved itself.  I owe a very smooth delivery of my 2nd child to Dr. Feldmann's ability to recognize complications and take the appropriate actions.   Wonderful doctor! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
79	-1	commentsmy husband went to Dr. Feldmann for help and Dr. Feldmann sent him back to work, approximately an hour and a half later we were in the emergency room, my husband had had a stroke and the doctor sent him back to work. 	4	4	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	 Can't say enough positive about Dr. Feldmann.  I would and do recommend him to everyone who asks.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
79	1	 Dr. Feldmann has been my doctor for several years.  I trust him completely with my and my children's care.   Thumbs up!!!!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$7
79	1	 i like the fact that dr. feldman is very thorough with his examines.  he is patient, methodical, and has excellent listening skills.  i feel like he has all the time in the world for me.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
85	1	commentsVery kind,sweet physician.  All my questions answered. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
85	-1	commentsI found this doctor very uncaring. Before I could finish speaking about my concerns about my skin irritation that she was treating me for, she was walking out of the room. I've never encountered a professional who seemed more uncaring of my condition. 	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
85	-1	 Dr. Feldman is incredibly rude. I have never experienced anything like it in my life. she cut me off, disregarded the information I provided her and then walked out the room with no suggestions / resolution. thank God her nurse is sweet and helpful and talked to me about my skin. I found another dermatologist who is professional, kind and very bright.  	4	3	1	1	Insurance:Coventry
87	1	commentsDr. Feldman is a very caring genuine doctor, he has gracious bedside manor, and makes you feel comfortable, I wouldnt choose any other doctor 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
93	-1	 Very disrespectful towards me cause I wanted him to get a translator to translate for my mom.  Could've just said that he didn't speak Spanish, but went out of his way to say that &quot;This is America, speak English.&quot;  Plus, he told me I'd &quot;walk again&quot; after my procedure to get my pump.  DOesn't he know I'll never walk again&#63;  What a stupid doc.  He doesnt know nothing about his patients.  If it wasn't for Medicare, I'd go with someone else.  We came all the way from the valley for this fool.  	3	2	1	1	Insurance:Medicare
97	1	.  doctor was very profecssional at all times, i strongly approve of this doctor 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
97	1	commentsExcellent and caring.  No problems what-so-ever. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
99	-1	 Doctor gave X-Rays for a very minor injury before even speaking with me.  Doctor gave a cortisone shot on the first visit without explaining the effects or giving any information regarding the injury.  Doctor did not advise any followup treatment or give advice on how to prevent or exercise to strengthen muscles.  Doctor did not even examine x-rays that he took, because there was no reason to take them in the first place except to get more money.  	3	5	1	1	Insurance:United Healthcare
