dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
2	-1	commentsI genuinely feel that she does not care about her patients' well-being.  She'll have no problem leaving you with nothing and ending up having to come back again and again. 	3	3	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
2	0	 A 45 min. wait for a 5 min. appointment that takes two weeks to get, isn't unusual. Left me feeling like I had just been conned. Rest of staff is virtually incompetent and over extended.  	2	1	1	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
2	1	commentsVery patient and attentive... Great Doctor. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
3	-1	 I was not satisfied at all. He started out very nice, but as my labor went on, he became more short tempered with my situation. I ended with a c-section and the drugs he gave me forced my operation to be hurried and ended up not numbing me completely, so I felt much of the pain during the procedure. He did not acknowledge my complaint and did not respond to my letter questioning his actions.  	1	5	1	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$900
3	1	 Very patient and thorough. Took lots of time to answer my questions. I've never had anesthesia before and was very scared. I felt very comfortable in Dr. Lane's care.  		5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	 Dr Laird is considerate, polite, listens and answers questions well.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
8	1	 Really takes his time with each patient,caring & kind and very knowledgable of the medical profession.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
14	1	 Took the time to help me understand what issues my body had and how to properly treat those issues.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$10
24	1	comments 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
27	-1	 Do not trust the office staff! They lied to me about types of insurance coverage they accept to keep us coming back and racking up a larger bill, then told us they don't accept it when they knew full well that they never did. The office staff is more concerned about gossip and discussing their personal lives amongst themselves than providing accurate information about billing, etc. They will keep you waiting long past your appointment. They do not do a thorough enough exam and do not keep you informed of potential problems with your treatment. The worst experience I have ever had with an orthodontist! I can not in good conscience recommend this provider.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Delta Dental
27	-1	commentsI have never in my life experienced someone in the health care profession so uncaring, rude, and spiteful. The staff was incredibly self-centered. They wasted my time talking about who was or was not pregnant at the time. The office is also very inflexible with their open hours. I Disliked every single thing about this doctor. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	commentsThis doctor is the best doctor I have ever had. He doesn't rush you, he listens and helps you with your needs.  He is kind, and thoughtful when one is needing understanding of their illness.  He really is great. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
28	0	commentsNot very warm doctor, but refers patients in a reasonable time. If you want a doctor that act reasonable with reasonable knowledge, he is okay. 	3	2	3	3	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	 knee and broken arm.  Great job - straight forward and honest.  Very helpful.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	1	 knee surgeny excellent. very smart upfrontabout things.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	1	commentsGreat physician and has great partners. He knows his stuff and has a great sense of humor. I just had surgery and I am amazed at how wonderful my recovery is going. Paid/Co-pay:$1		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	commentsVery helpful and compassionate.  Unlike most cardiologists, Dr. Langager actually has a personality and sense of humor.  Staff needs work. 	1	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	commentsDr. Laros is one of the most caring and easy to talk to doctors I've met. She wasn't just in and out of the office, like a lot of doctors do, but actually sat down and listened to what I had to say about my feelings at the time and concerns. I truly felt that she cared about me. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	 Good.doctor.    if she doesn't know something she will research it 	5	5	5	4	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:$84
72	1	commentsWent for a shoulder injury.  Described the problem very well and prescribed just some therapy.  Everything is back to normal.  Thumbs up. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	 I called and, of course, wanted an appointment right away.  He made room on his schedule to see me at the end of one of his long days.  Although it would be easy at that point to blow me in and out of his office in record time, he patiently took the time to assist and explain what I was experiencing. Good, honest, compassionate, down to earth type of guy.  Highly recommended.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
72	1	comments 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
76	1	.  Very helpful for my whole family with a caring touch 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:CoventryPaid/Co-pay:$20
81	1	commentsDr. Mike LaBounty is one of the most hardworking, knowledgeable, caring, and talented doctors I know.  He helped me become pregnant when I was going through an IVF cycle. I had gone through 4 failed cycles before that.Before this, I had never worked with a chiropractor and had the same misconceptions that many people have. After watching Mike use X-rays and various other tools to pinpoint problems, I was sold. Mike takes better care of me than any doctor I have ever worked with in the past. When my daughter was born, he worked on her to help with digestion and sleep issues.  She was screaming in the car seat until he worked with her.  He also stopped an ear infection our pediatrician found which helped us avoid needing antibiotics.  Mike's adjustments are very gentle, and I put my full trust in him. I wish that more people knew the science and facts about chiropractors because we would have a much healthier and happier society. 	5	3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
83	1	 Dr.  Lahey is an awesome doctor and very understanding 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
83	1	 I started seeing Dr.Lahey about 3 years ago in Leon iowa, tO start off I was terrified of the whole experience however his staff/nurse Nicky made me feel comfortable right from the moment I walked in, when I got to see the Dr. I was very impressed with his knowledge as well as his concern for my treatment! He said that if I needed anything before my next appointment to call, which I had some things come up and I had to (never Thinking I would get much out of it due to his busy schedule which I understand) after leaving a message, within an hour Nicky had called me back, talked to me about what was going on and I had an appointment in less than a week!!! I would recommend him to anyone! Not only is he a top notch Dr.  But he has a very caring,concerned and knowledgable staff!!! 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
83	1	 Today was the fist time seeing him, he is great, he listen to me and made me feel like he was listening, cared enough to want to know my inputs on things. He also seen my daughter he was great with talking to her not at her.  I cannot wait to see him next month! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
83	1	 Dr. Lahey was my son's doctor while he was in KU Med.  He was very good in handeling my son and took the time to explain my son's condition to my WHOLE family.  He fought to honor my wishes not to have my son medicated.  I would recommend this doctor to anyone.  He's wonderful.  :D 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Tricare
83	-1	 Mr. Lahey whom I had never met previous to my cardiac hospitalization.  Entered my room and told me that I was hospital hopping and that i did not have a cardiac condition.  He said I just wanted pain medications.  I have been to mayo where  I have undergone pulmonary vein dilitation, I have a pacemaker, and have had a heart ablation for sick sinus syndrome.  I started  crying and he stared at me and leaned over my bed and stated, &quot;I guess I ruffled your feathers didnt I!&quot; and walked out.  I will never see this doctor (if you could call him that) again.  He is the worst doctor I  have ever encountered.  I would not recommend this psychiatrist to any patient.   He has no integrity or respect for any patient!!! 	3	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
90	1	 Dr. Larose is a great ortho Dr.!  Our family finds him friendly and very helpful.  He spent time explaining details and performed surgery without flaw.  Has a caring bedside manner.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
90	-1	commentsDoctor Larose didn't seem to care for me as a person only as another number. In both my visits he talked to me for less than 5 minutes and didn't explain anything. 	4	1	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
90	1	commentsAwesome experience with this doctor.  Son is back to playing football this fall thanks to Dr. Larose's expertise. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
90	1	commentsVery experienced and was able to diagnose and treat immediately.  I would highly recommend to all my friends and family. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
90	1	commentsJust Great! 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
90	-1	commentsPlease take the time to read my experience with this doctor. After reviewing my x-ray and MRI of my knee, he advised that nothing was found and told me, it sounds as if I had pulled my LCL. After sending my MRI out for a 2nd opinion, he asked that I come back in for a cast. During my 2 minute visit, he advised that I had fractured my tibia and the nurses came in to apply a full leg cast. I saw this doctor several times within a 4 week period and based on his lack of interest and the ability to explaine my diagnosis, I requested my records and found, not only did I fracture my tibia, I also fractured my fibula and have a torn menisus. Upon giving myself, my actual diagnosis, I have since fired Dr. Larose and have found another doctor. Please take my advise, and do the same. 		2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
94	1	 She is very dedicated.  As a nurse, I know how she went above and beyond for the care of me and my child.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$25
94	-1	comments 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
