dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	I WAS LUCKY TO HAVE DR. VOIGTS TAKE CARE OF ME FOR 10 YEARS FOLLOWING THE REMOVAL OF ONE CANCEROUS KIDNEY.  I'M STILL HERE. I WILL MISS HER AS SHE SLIDES INTO RETIREMENT THIS MONTH.  THANKS FOR EVERYTHING DR.V. , MARK 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	0	This woman was very patronizing and dismissive of me and my condition. Because I had done some research on my condition before going to see her, it was apparent to me that some information she provided was actually outdated and inaccurate. I'm canceling my follow-up appointment and will find another nephrologist. If you don't mind being patted on the head and told the everything is &quot;fine,&quot; she may work for you. If you want to participate actively in your own medical care, find another doctor.  	4	4	2	4 	Insurance:Medicare
1	1	Very knowledgeable, Great doctor, highly recommend her. Every once in awhile I can get her to giggle and laugh, but it's tough! =) 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	I have used Dr. Veit for over 30 years. I have raised my family with this Dr. If he has any doubts with what he sees, he will willingly send you to a specialist. I have been an EMT for many years and my wife is an LPN rated nurse. We BOTH have the highest praise for Dr.Veit. My wife is well respected in the community for her medical knowledge and her ralationship in helping sick people.If anyone would have doubts, it would be her. She has helped patients taking cancer treatments to helping people stay at home to die like they request to their kids.If I was to listen to anybody, it would be her because of her level headed common sense that she has in the medical field. So to the people who had a different experince, I'm sorry, but I give Dr. Veit my highest regards and trust him with my life. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	-1	Recommend people see a younger doctor that is more up-to-date on family practice. 	5	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	I am very pleased with the Dr's bedside manner.  He is very caring.  When he isn't sure of something he has no problem in sending you on to a specialist in that particular field. I would reccommend him highly.  I don't care for the hopital he uses though.  I prefer to use a different one. 	4	4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
2	-1	Doctor was more concerned with pushing patients through than offering any treatment advice. Had to see another doctor to correct his lack of patient care 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
3	0	Staff: Nurse is caring.  Holly Voelker runs the office and is, in my opinion, rude, offensive, and arrogant.  In regards to helpfulness, Dr. Voelker is somewhat helpful medically, but declines to do testing (or as he says he doesn't do testing because he doesn't have testing equipment).  	3	5	3	3 	Insurance:Medicare
4	1	i have known this dr. for years and would never think about seeing any other one. he is very throu and hsd great patience. he is a fantastic person. thou very busy dr. he is always detailed in what i am in to see him about, i have never had a bad experience with staff or dr v.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
4	-1	He made me feel like I did not know what was going on with my own ankle. Waited 45 minutes to see him and he spent 5 minutes at most with me. He made me feel like I was crazy and imagining the pain in my ankle. He was very rude, and short, poor bed side manner. He spoke to me like I was a child and completely incompendent to what he was saying. He came off like he is only in it for the money, could care less of the patients. I would never recommend him to my worst enemy as he did nothing to help me.  	5	3	1	3 	Insurance:Workers Comp
5	1	He saved my life after five years of suffering with endometriosis and being told it was all in my head. I am only 27 and within a week after my 2nd apt. I was having a total hysterectomy and now I am almost pain free. He still helps me with some skin problems and I feel more comfortable with him then I have with women GYN's and even so that I will have him do my physicals.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
5	0	This doctor was my primary and he was so &quot;uninterested&quot; in me and my concerns.  After another doctor delivered he came in and made me feel like a failure as a parent and woman b/c &quot;I got antsy and ended up with a C/S&quot;. This doctor does A LOT of C/S--beware.  	2	2	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	-1	Forgetful and scary, doesnt remember me from the day before 	2	1	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	Very thourough and competent.  My wife and kids love her. 	5	1	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	I THANK GOD EVERYDAY FOR BRINGING DR. VELHO INTO MY LIFE! SHE IS A GREAT DR. AND A REALLY TRUE FRIEND! SHE GENUINELY CARES ABOUT HER PATIENTS! SHE NOT ONLY TAKES CARE OF ME BUT SHE ALSO TOOK CARE OF MY DADDY BEFORE HE DIED AND WAS SO GREAT TO HIM TOO.HE THOUGHT THE WORLD OF HER TOO!SHE IS EXTREMELY SMART AND SUCH A WONDERFUL, CARING DR. BURLINGTON IS SO BLESSED TO HAVE HER!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	-1	i would stay far away from this doctor,,, BAD NEWS,,,VERY BAD!! 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	He is the best - the only shrink around here who would take enough time to REALLY help - others just heard about 5 minutes of my condition and then just prescribed meds.  Dr. V is the only doc who ran enough labs on me to figure out what was really going on - saved my life! 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	-1	 	2	3	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
10	-1	Dr. Varner treated me incorrectly for a couple of years.  He overprescribes medication and has had his license placed on suspension.  Be wary.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
10	1	Dr. Varner is an excellent treatment provider. If a patient has an idea or suggestion regarding his/her treatment, he will actually consider this input, and not take the pompous &quot;I am the doctor, do not dare attempt to participate in your care&quot; attitude so often encountered with other practitioners in the Iowa City area. Additionally he carefully considers any neurological factors which may play into a patient's symptoms. Attention to these factors may lead to discovery of possible treatment options which may never have been considered by doctors who attempted to treat a patient before he did. He regards patients as intellectuals. To a certain extent, and of course only when appropriate, he welcomes participation in decision-making and brainstorming re: diagnosis and treatment. Overall I trust Dr. Varner wholly and am comfortable entrusting him with my care. Sometimes there is delay in the waiting room, but I believe treatment with Dr. Varner is fully worth waiting a little while! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	-1	He almost killed me! Due to overmedicating and not watching my medications as closely as he should have. I had alleric reactions to some of my medications and I became toxic to others that he prescribed. 		1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	Doctor Varner is one of those rare doctors who actually listens to what you are saying and has excellent suggestions on daily living. He has helped me with family issues as well as job challenges. I appreciate knowing I can rely on this doctor to be honest with me in a kind and gentle manner. Highest recommendations.  	 2/20/07		5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	1	Dr. VandenBosch is very laid back and at times, I wish he'd be more assertive.  He's always willing to make a referral to specialist if needed.  Is very prompt in returning phone calls with test results.  	3	5	5	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	1	Doctor Vanden Bosch and his staff has been our family physcian for years now and he has delivered both of my childeren.  We are happy with the service, especially at the new location.  He is not quick to prescribe medication when it isn't needed which works well for us.  He is very personable and a little bit laid back.  I love the convenience of the Westside Family practice and Urgent Care center.   We live in Marion now, but still drive all the way across town to see him and his staff 	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	1	Amazing physician... would recommend to everyone I know.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	-1	Dr Misdiagnosed my wife's back pain. Passed it off as Fibramylgia only to find her visiting an emergency room and was in surgery a week later having a vertebrae repaired and disk removed. He questioned my daughter's medicine which was prescibed by a previous dr. She was on the meds for many years..it was a vitamin shot b12. he said what she was taking was toxic...pharmacy disagreed saying any excess would be eliminated. She printed out a report by a specialist and gave it to him and he was insulted. He has provided no relief to my aunt and just keeps my uncle medicated as he is 93. I caution you if you choose to go to this doctor... he should retire 	4	3	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	As the old saying goes, the apple doesn't fall far from the tree. I waa a patient of his father for 30-plus years. Ryan, like his father, is exceedingly pleasant, helpful, patient. His staff is also top notch. l 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	Dr Veatch and his staff are absolutely amazing, they are very thorough and helpful, very competent.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	1	Thorough in examination.  Careful explanation of manipulations.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
15	1	Had a lot of knowledge on the subject matter and made me feel very comfortable with the way he explained it and communicated.   Oh, and I no longer have any pain!!!! :) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	-1	He's been my family doctor for years, but all he has really done is prescribe antibiotics (a lot, way more than my system should have had) and give wishy washy comments on what to do with my most recent problem. He isn't attentive, and doesn't pay attention to the patient's immediate needs. If he does, he focuses on one aspect of the problem and sends you home.  	5	5	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	0	He is ok as a doctor, but seemed more interested in what we 'thought' was wrong, instead of giving us his own diagnosis. 	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
17	-1	 	 6/10/08	3	3	1	Insurance:Unknown
17	-1	He left me horrible scars due to his lack of knowledge...and then had the nerve to ask for more money to fix his mistake!!!! Even if he offered it for FREE, I would not let him touch me again. 	3	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	Very professional - price depends on procedure. I would recommend him to anyone. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	Dr. Vandivier is the best doctor I have ever had.  Several people in my family now go to Dr. Vandivier as their primary care physician.  He is knowledgeable and caring.  Any concerns I have ever had, he has never hesitated to sit down and explain things to me or my husband. I have asked other doctors to help me with my weight issues and have been turned down. Dr. Vandivier sat down, explained to me what he thought were the best options and encouraged me.  It took me less than a year to lose 100 pounds through diet and exercise.  I still have a lot to lose but I know Dr.  Vandivier is always there for me no matter what!! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	1	The nicest primary care doctor I've ever had and I'm 42 years old.  I won't see an ob/gyn for yearly exams anymore, he was more thorough and actually listened to my PMD problems.  He got me on medication that fixed it and I couldn't be happier.  He's been great for ear infections, strep throat, physicals, you name it.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	1	Excellent listener. Takes time to actually communicate with patients. Returns phone calls promptly. Has very nice nurse working for him.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	1	I was very impressed with his personability-not pretentious or pompous at all.  Spent time with me, had new knowledge of my condition that other physicians had not given me and recommended physical therapy over more radical methods.  very thorough.  He will be my new family doc.  	4	2	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
18	1	Good doctor, takes time with patients and he does back/hip adjustments too! AND, most importantly, he solved a lady problem which has been bugging me for a YEAR on his first try (after 5+ failed visits to my regular gynecologist, who then sent me to the UofI specialty clinic, which I visited in Iowa City 3 times and i am planning to cancel my 4th visit becuase Dr. V solved it!)!!! 	3	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	Intelligent, Caring, all around impressive doctor.  Offered me some good advice.  9.8/10 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	Will not return to Dr. Vander Zee because his office manager is unnecessarily nasty. This woman is rude,  curt and adept at extinguishing the doctor/patient relationship. And I pay my bills in full.  	1	3	3	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	Very easy to talk to and very respectful and patient in explaining diagnosis.  He uses a sheet where you write your symptoms and then gives you a report of the visit with any follow up instructions.   I really think highly of him 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	Dr Vazquez is a fantastic doctor! Very nice and courteous to his patients and very well informed.. Highly recomend him to anyone! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
21	1	Ernie is an excellent Doctor. Knowledgeable, yet speaks plainly.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	Wonderful Dr. with wonderful bedside manor. You do not feel rushed or like he is in a hurry. He is on top of things with a computer in each room to pull up everything on you intead of trying to look through a bunch of papers. Would recommend him to everyone!! Fault....staff is not quick to return calls or emails.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
22	1	Very concerned physician who will refer to past visit and inquire about present condition.   Develops personal understanding of patient and uses that knowledge to do assessment of an individual along with the patients stated assessment 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	1	He's a very good doctor and his staff is respectful and he's always on time.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	1	Very personable physician and staff.  Knowledgable.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	-1	Dr. Van Oort has shown several examples of a dangerous lack of basic medical (yet life threatening) knowledge and complete lack of concern.  His staff is rude and careless.  	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
23	-1	I know patient. He went every 6 weeks.He was vomiting every 3-4 days and was weak. he had liver tests. All came back normal EXCEPT ONE AREA. Later found out that one area DEFINATELY pointed to Pancreas.This is in print. He was told he had Liver Disease, nothing could be done. Six months later, general surgeon operated and found Pancreatic Cancer.  WOULD YOU WANT THIS DOCTOR&#63; 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	-1	They did not explain the diferance between a medical &amp; routine colonoscopy. I did not make a medical appointment, they swithed it to a medical now I'm stuck paying the $1000.00 deductable. The staff is very unhelpful &amp; very, very rude. Beware of this misleading practice. You will find forself on the table with no way out but to pay your full deductable. The way they want to interpret the test.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Veterans Administration
24	1	Takes the time to listen, compassionate and does not hesitate to refer if need be.... great Doctor & human being! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	The staff is very friendly and communicated with each other. I felt reassured that everything they said would happen was followed through. Nobody looks forward to having oral surgery, but if you must, see Dr. V. He was knowledgeable, explained options, and was gentle. I was so scared when I walked into the office, not knowing what I was in for (I needed to have 2 teeth taken out and bone grafting). Dr. V's office made it a good experience all the way. I'll be going back later this year for implants.  	4	5	3	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	1	Was referred to Dr. Verhoef after my previous psychiatrist stepped away from practicing. During our first meeting Dr. Verhoef and I saw eye-to-eye on exactly what my plan was. Being quite knowledgeable he was quick able to offer several methods and courses we could take to obtain my goal. He has always looked out for my best interest and target goal. I agree with people who have said that he is kind, warm, and is easy to connect with (since some psychiatrist block themselves from you, thus learning nothing of your situation). My only complaint is that he smiles WAY too much, I don't think that man has a bad day. If he does I have never seen him express it; either by body movements, vocal tones, facial expressions, or flat out stating such. One cannot help feeling uplifted after a session with Dr. Verhoef; it is an excellent experience with an excellent psychiatrist.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	1	It was only because I actually really liked Dr. Verhoef that I became upset when an issue emerged. I wish we talked more but he is kind, caring & knowledable about the medications prescribed. I wish I was still going to his office and if you're looking for a good Dr. -- I've referred a best friend to Dr. Verhoef in the past and would today. 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	I have seen Dr. Verhoef for over 10 years and I will continue to see him as long as he is in practice. He is pleasant, understanding, reassuring, and highly knowledgable.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	-1	Very nice guy but not great. Seemed disinterested. Didn't pry deaper when it was required. Compassionate but very brief appointments. Much of the appointment seemed generic. Sometimes wasn't looking deaply enough, when a better doctor would have looked closer. He was kind but did the minimum. Poor doctor-patient relationship. 	1	5	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	Very sweet, quicker to respond than most psychiatrists. Just a little to nice to the attractive vulnerable women-i.e. me. Otherwise, I'd recommend my granny to him, but not Sandra Bullock.  		3	5	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	0	I had an okay experience but he seemed bored and yawned during the appointment. I will not be going back to this office. I also did not appreciate waiting for such a long time in the waiting area.  	 2/20/07		2	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	1	He rocks. He's friendly and he works with you to find the best meds for you (even if that means no meds at all).  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	-1	Had surgery and many problems. Had to see other plastic surgeons to have the issues addressed. Will have long term problems that cannot be fixed. 	3	3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	The staff is amazing, they make you feel like family and are very comforting and knowledgeable.  The Dr. is everything you want a plastic surgeon to be, calming, reasonable, very personable.  He takes the time to answer all your questions...as much time as you need.  I would highly recommend this Doctor to anyone.  My experience and the outcome exceeded my expectations.  I had some facial work done, not surgery exactly, but I had fat injections.  Before I looked years older than I was...Now thanks to the Doc...I look and FEEL mazing....thanks 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	I am 19 and recently had breast augmentation surgery. My mom came to all the appointments with me and we can't say anything bad about Iowa Plastic Surgery, Dr. Van Raalte, or the staff. Everyone was so nice and helpful. I did as I was instructed and I couldn't be happier with the ending results. I would reccomend Dr. Van Raalte to anyone who is considering breast augmentation! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	Dr. Van Raalte and his staff are exceptional.  Through the years I've had breast aug, mini-brow lift, eye lift, and just recently a face lift.  The reasults in all cases were excellent and I couldn't be more pleased. Dr. Van Raalte and his staff went above and beyond to meet my needs.  I highly recommend Dr. Van Raalte's expertise and wonderful bedside manner to all.  I urge all patients to do exactly as he advises/instructs before surgery and during recovery You won't be disappointed. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
27	-1	Dr. did a breast reconstruction on me and although the one year long procedure was painful, it was ok. However, his bedside manner is terrible. He was very aggrogant and downright mean. My husband went with me and nearly had me cancel the surgery. I will never go to him again. I had to have the procedure done a year later with a docotr in another state and what a huge different in personalities. Dr. Benjamin needs some manner lessons on how to treat people. I will never be talked down to by anyone.  	 10/23/09	5	4	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	0	VanRaalte did a Breast Reduction and then a revision a  year later. I was very unhappy with the results.  I saw another local PS who did a great job fixing the issues.  	5	3	3	3 	Insurance:CIGNA
27	1	This  was my and my daughters physician.  I had an osteoma on my forehead and my daughter had a breast reduction (she was 18 at the time).  the staff and Dr Van Raalte were wonderful.  The surgeries went well and we had no adverse reactions to anything.  Would recommend this physician for any cosmetic surgery.  Would go back again if the need was there.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
28	1	excellent service, and concern for helping patient.   Easy to work with 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unicare
29	1	I love dr vandevegte. She has taken care of me for years. (not that I go that often)  She has a good personality and actually cares. She switched offices a couple of years ago and I went with her. Her nurse is excellent and when I am sick I don't want to be messed with. Deb always has a good way of dealing with me.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
30	1	I think Dr VanNatta is great.  He is great with kids.  He can be tempermental at times.  He does have high expectations for himself and his patients.  He doesn't try over prescribing medications, especially narcotics.  He uses them sparingly.   Will continue to see him for myself and my family! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
30	1	I love Dr Vanetta.  He is great with my children, makes time for my questions, allows me to make choices instead of making them for me.  He practices much more holistically than the other practicioners at KACH.  He never seems rushed to get to the next appointment.  His bedside manner is pleasant.  I have never felt like he was full of himself.  He is always pleasant, poliet, and respects my decisions.  He does not push unnecessary antibiotics, and appreciates patients who are knowledgable and informed.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
30	1	Not bad, likes to talk alot. Good with kids. I have not had any problems with him. I would definatly see him again! 		2	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
30	0	This doctor is temperamental and full of himself. 		3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	I had a wonderfull experience with Dr. VerSteeg.  She was very helpful, understanding and took the time with me that I needed.  I have been a patient with her since 2004 and have followed her at all of her practices.  She is the best doctor that I have ever had.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	-1	Dr. Versteeg was very unprofessional. She seemed rushed and like I was a waste of her time. She didn't explain anything and was OVERLY rough! She came in the room without scrubs, a doctor coat, or even a name tag!! I am very disappointed with her and sadly with the waverly health center because of it. Stay away from Versteeg!! 	4	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
31	-1	Dr. VerSteeg was very rude and made it seem as though I was a waste of her time. She was not helpful in answering my questions and came across as an very arrogant doctor. 	5	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	I love Dr Valone, I'm 30 years old and he is the only OBGYN I have ever gone to and will ever go to. He has delivered both of my children 10 and 6 and will deliver the baby I'm pregnant with now. He always listens to me, asks how my children and my mother and father are doing (he's her doctor too) etc. Susie, his nurse, is the most amazing nurse I have ever met and so very attentive. Overall, I have never had any complaints about him or the services I receive from him! 	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	He has taken all of my questions and concerns about this pregnancy and in regards to previous pregnancies with knowledge and understanding. Has answered all of my questions until I felt that I was comfortable with his answers. Yes, he does seemed busy but if I have a question or concern he always makes time for me. He was fully ready to help with either an epidural delivery or a non-medication delivery as I have had both with previous pregnancies. Very knowledge, caring, people both him and his staff.  A+ 	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
32	0	The best part about him is his nurse, she is awesome.  He is ok, if you want a quick painless visit he's perfect. If you have tons of questions, I'd look else where.  He never really explained anything but he always adressed my concerns.  I would probably go to him again.  	5	5	3	3 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
32	-1	horrible experience! i also found him to be patronizing and rude. my concerns were always put off and when i asked questions he made me feel stupid. this was my first child and feel sad i allowed a dr to make me feel this way. my visits were usually less than 5 minutes even though i lived an hour away. he told me at 37 weeks baby was head down and ready to go, the next night i ended up going to hospital with contractions and my baby was frank breech. he seemed to have no concerns with this. he attempted to discharge me a day early from the hospital. staff informed me with a csection i was to stay another day. overall experience with him was awful.  	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	-1	At my first visit i waited for over 30 mins & when he came in i thought this was going to be amazing! Seemed so nice & caring! Then started to talk to me about how bad of a choice i was making for maybe wanting a home birth, or to go to a birth center. Made me feel completly terrible for baby the baby at risk & told me, & I quote, &quot;I had a zero percent chance of having a natural birth!&quot; That there was medicine that i was going to need. Overall, i feel not all mothers want the same thing for their birth plan, & he should respect everyones individual wants & needs.  	4	2	2	2 	Insurance:Medicare
32	0	Not very engaged. Wasn't concerned that previous birth was 6 weeks premature. Passed off all my concerns as if they weren't a concern to him. Always seems to be in a rush.  	4	4	2	3 	Insurance:CIGNA
32	-1	After he broke my water in induction, he never returned to deliver the baby. And no apology, either. I later was told by a nurse that he was heading out of town and &quot;forgot&quot; about me -- apparently despite MANY pages from the labor nurses. Baby's heart-rate dropped and he was ultimately delivered by a random doctor. (Baby's fine!) A year earlier, during what turned out to be a miscarriage, Valone kept me waiting for hours wondering about the baby while his staff sorted out insurance stuff. When he callously broke the news about a needed procedure, he seemed genuinely confused by my reaction and that a nurse hadn't told me yet. I chalked it up to a mistake and stayed with him for the later pregnancy. Overall, though, I found him to be arrogant and patronizing. A friend, however, loved him -- I wish my experience had been more like hers. I did like the staff, though.  	4	1	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	1	Dr. Valone delivered me and my 2 brothers.  He did a surgury for my mom about 2 years ago and every thing has turned out well.   I cant wait for him to delivery my baby! 	5	3	4	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
32	-1	He caused my cousin to loose her baby because he didn't check her when she went to the hospital with cramps and bleeding. The baby ended up being stillborn. Then I found out he did the same thing to coworker of my mom's and her baby died to. 	5	5	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	Very knowledgeable and thorough. She spends time and answers all questions.  Her staff returns calls within 24 hours or less.  I have a chronic condition and have to see her every three months.  She is the best.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	1	Dr. Vittetoe replaced both of my knees, four years apart.  I am very pleased with the results.  I found Dr. Vittetoe to be very personable and caring.  I would definately recommend him.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
34	1	Dr. Vittetoe is AWESOME!  I had total knee replacements done three months apart and had no pain with either.  I finished physical therapy four weeks after the first surgery and three weeks after the second one.  I told Dr. Vittetoe what a great surgeon he was and he told me he couldn't take credit for all of it.  He told me more than once that he was very proud of me and that it took a lot of work on my part to get back to normal.  He has a great bedside manner, too.   I highly recommend him! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	1	previously worked in ER in DSM, Dr Vittetoe always returned calls promptly, if necessary to see pt, arrived promptly. Is well respected and a pleasure to work with. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	Doctor Vittetoe specializes in knees. I had a total knee replacement and, in addition to his knowledge, I appreciated his attitude and that he allows time to answer questions.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	1	Dr. Voorhees is thorough, knowledgeable, and has a fantastic bedside manor. I continue to return for all of these reasons. Highly recommend her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Providence
36	1	Dr. Volker cares about his patients and treats them with respect. No question is &quot;dumb.&quot;  He takes the time to explain everything clearly.  His knowledge of drugs and interactions is remarkable.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	1	He is very friendly and knowledgable. Works well with young children. Seems to have a bit of old school mentality.. which is a good thing, as in he's not constantly trying to push off whatever new trend or hot drug the pharmaceutical companies are tossing at him.  	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
37	1	Dr Ravi is a very competant dr. (I first saw him in hospital with cellulitus infection in elbow, then follow up until infection cleared up.) While most drs seem like they know it all right off the bat...He made his diagnosis from tests and adjusted treatments based on those thorough tests. He took the time even while doing rounds in hospital to answer questions not only about his treatment, but for other doctors who wouldn't take that time 4 me. When released, he was clear about what I needed to do and saw me 1 x week x 5 weeks b/c I had a pic line and had to give myself IV's 2x a day. Had blood drawn by homecare and results to him b4 each apt so we could adjust meds if need be. On Last visit he was such a good dr. that he called an ortho dr and had them squeeze me in to see if my elbow was broken...something that was never determined in hospital due 2 swelling &amp; bad ortho dr. He made the call himself. Xcellent dr and great staff. Pic nurse great as well.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
37	1	Exttremely  knowldegeable.  Easy to work with.  Listens to patient.  Great nursing staff.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	1	Dr. Van Raalte did a very nice job with my surgury.  His staff was very friendly and welcoming.  All the details of my surgury were easy to understand and they gave good instructions for the after-care of it as well.  Before I decided to even do the surgury they had lots of information for me and answered any questions and offered a reasonable price. 	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	great staff great results I would recommend Dr.  VanRaalte for any procedure 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	-1	I have lived for 6 yrs now with the painful scars that this physician left me with. I am so thankful for the supportive husbnd that I have who excepts me regardless of the ****y that are my breasts. I work in health care and am sadened by the tearing down of clinicians but this man left me with a terrible self image and painful scars. I was only 20 at the time and am still living with pain 6yrs later.  	3	2	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	1	Dr VanRaalte and his staff were great throughout my entire surgical experience. My family was well informed on caring for me at home after my surgery. I have recommended Dr VanRaalte to several friends. If I decide to have more surgery in the future, I couldn't imagine going anywhere else! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	Dr Votta is always great with my son and very helpful, informative. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	Dr. Votta is very caring!  He asks good questions and always explains things well. He is very patient and will explain things until you understand them!  He talks to children in a manner that makes them feel comfortable.  He's very good at explaining treatment options and the pros/cons as well. 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	best ive found and stuck with him since i came to iowa. great guy for a philly's fan.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	1	Extrememly patient and knowledgeable. I feel very comfortable being under his care.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
41	-1	Staff is not very friendly and the office seems to be more concerned with policies and collecting money than with actual patient care. I never got to even meet Dr. Vails (only the Nurse Practitioner)even though my child had several visits with the office (she must be to busy for actual patient care, but not to busy to push you into a mandatory orientation on office rules and policies). In addition, she is never interested in taking patients that are not in &quot;perfect health&quot;! Not much of a family practice.  	1	2	2	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
41	-1	Did not discover the legionaires disease that I later found out I was recovering from. Very curt, no compassion, rushed me.  Stated that I took too much of her time for a new patient. Was short with me on  the phone when trying to get pain meds for severe ear pain.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
