dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	Excellent care!  Tells you what you need to do, very honest. Very professional! Very concerned.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	1	Excellent! Very caring individual. Always listens to your problems.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	1	I had been told by three doctors that I would never get pregnant.  Dr. O'Donnell assured me that there was no reason why I could not get pregnant and six months later I was pregnant.  This March, I gave birth to a beautiful baby girl and I credit Dr. O'Donnell positive reassurance with my miracle baby. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	-1	HAD A COLONOSCOPY WITH NO SEDATION TALK A BOUT PAIN ON MY LEFT SIDE I THOUGHT I WAS GONNA DIE I THINK HE MISSED MY ULCERS BECAUSE I CONTINUED HAVING ISSUES ON THAT SIDE and another doctor did another colonoscopy had to go back and find it GO IN TO FAST AND BACK OUT YOU MISS STUFF SLOW DOWN ITS OUR LIVES!!!!!!!!!! 	3	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
2	-1	I explained my symptoms to the doctor and after the explanation, he asked me what I wanted him to do for me.  After that he mentioned that it would be tough to narrow down what the problem was but he would &quot;try some things out.&quot; I should mention that this whole conversation took five minutes, but he never showed up to the appointment until 45 minutes after he was supposed to be there. After &quot;trying&quot; an upper endoscopy I never heard a thing back from him.  A month passed and I followed up three times but never got a response back.  I was consistently told by the nurse that answered that they had the results but the doctor would give me a call.  Ultimately, I ended up getting a letter in the mail that said they couldnt find anything.  The doctor never followed up with me again with regards to what the next step would be and needless to say, I am still not any better.  This doctor is a prime example of why so may people call going to the doctor a waste of time.  	2	1	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	. He's great! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	Great with babies, not good with 3 year olds as a ped, he should be understanding that kids will be kids, and kids do get scared at the doctors office. doesnt give him the right to hold a child down during a PHYSICAL! he should first talk to the child telling them what he is going to do, not just hold them down and do it. 	5	5	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	Dr. Owens is a very helpful and friendly pediatrician. Our daughter was premature and he was very good about keeping an eye on the various problems that can arise from being so. He also answers phone questions, either himself or via his nurse, helping a new mom not have to load up her daughter in the middle of a winter storm. We plan on using him with our next baby, also.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
5	1	Dr. Oppelt is an amazing doctor. In a few short visits he helped manage my low back pain and headaches. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	Knowledgable, kind, great chiro....the first Doctor I've ever been to who truely seems to care.  Only Doctor who has given me any relief.   An excellent Doctor and an all round great guy! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
5	1	Friendly, explains everything well and most importantly I am now pain free! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	Extremely helpful,patient and caring. In my opinion the best D.C. in the area. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	She truly cares about her patients and forms relationships well. She understood our desire for a drug free delivery and made every attempt to honor our birth plan. She was my MD for all 3 pregnancies/ deliveries. I highly recommend Dr. Olson.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	-1	After giving birth to my son with no incident she then turned to me and PULLED on the umbilical cord and pulled my placenta out without allowing me to delivery it naturally and normal.  I hemmoridged BAD in the hospital and at home.  Thank God i wasnt holding my baby when i passed out at home because i wouldnt stop bleeding massivly!  I had to get shots to stop the bleeding and take pills.  I believe her reasoning for doing this is because i demanded i be induced now because i had been 4 to 5 cm dialated and contracting for 2 weeks! I demanded something done NOW! So she got there in a timly manor with a****TY attitude and butched my uterous.  I will unfortunitly always remember the ungodly PAIN of having the placenta PULLED from the lining of my uterus.   Barbarrick ****! 	1	4	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
6	1	. The best in the business!!! You will love her! She is very caring and good to her patients! I recommend her highly!!!! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	Dr. O'Donnell's skills extend well beyond those of the average urologist. He not only stays up to date, he uses innovative approaches, and freely shares information on his unique protocols with other doctors. I travel 900 miles from a major southern city to Iowa City, IA to be treated by him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	-1	Dr. Olson was my doctor for my first pregnancy and miscarraige.  When I miscarried, I got more information from the nurse than Dr. Olson.  When I finally saw Dr. Olson a month after the miscarriage, I was told &quot;it happens.&quot; I felt the appt. was pretty impersonal and not very informative at all.  I was never given any treatment options for complications.  After 3 months of suffering, I saw another doctor who had several treatment options for me.  Options I should have been given at the time of the miscarriage or at least when I called back to say I still had these complications.  I will not be going back to her again. 	4	4	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
8	-1	Was late to deliver a baby and was very pushy with family memebers. 	2	1	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
8	0	.  		2	2	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	Dr. Ordona has helped me overcome many obsticales in life. I owe it to him for my success in life. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	Dr. O'Brien was very knowledgeable and informative. I feel comfortable with this woman guarding my child's health. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	Due to more than a few med conditions I see quite a few doctors on a regular basis. Dr. Oelke is by far the most pleasant &amp; helpful one. Office staff is just as good quality.  I highly recommend her &amp; her associates for any podiatric needs 1 may have 	4	3	5	4 	Insurance:Humana
12	1	Went to Dr. Olin for my braces 10 years ago. He did a fantastic job. It took a few years, but my teeth still look great today. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	Dr. Ortega doesn't pull any punches. He is honest and gives REAL tools for long term success.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	1	Knowledgeable, professional, and trustworthy.  I would not hesitate to vist Dr. Ortega again. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	Dr Oberdorfer is a true gem.  He took his time with me and was very thorough.  I highly recommend him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	-1	Completely dismissive to the symptoms I described for my son's condition, which later he was diagnosed by our PCP to be Colic &amp; Acid Reflux. Dr. Ogaard told me &quot;he cries because you keep taking his bottle away.&quot; Really&#63; Because he'd cry when I'd give it back too.  	2	3	1	2 	Insurance:Medicare
16	1	 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	-1	He is remarkably rude; he won't answer questions and acts affronted that you even asked them. He had me on medication that was not recommended for people in my age group, and it was not effective for me and had side effects. He didn't seem interested in figuring out the problem, and didn't seem to care about my health. Thank goodness I finally made a switch and found a thorough, caring physician.  	3	3	2	2 	Insurance:Medicare
17	1	Don't trust many doctors, but love Dr. Otteman.  He will always give his opinion on any health question we have asked him.  Always returns phone calls. Very compassionate and caring towards our entire family.  Thank God for doctors like him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	-1	He is treating my brother inlaw with a serious condition.  Not only does it sound like he has no bed side manner, he also has the God complex.  It's a shame he has to be that way since he appears to be knowledgable. 	3	2	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	Dr. Otteman has been my doctor for several years.  He is kind and compassionate and explains everything thoroughly 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	I found Dr. Otteman and his staff to be most helpful and courteous.  He was straight forward when explaining options, procedures and the diagnoses.  He even personally called me to follow-up with a question that I had.  I felt that I was working with a very capable and competent individual.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	-1	He may understand science but he doesn't know beans about people. No bedside manner at all.  	5	2	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	1	I was diagnosed with breast cancer in January 2009.  I chose Dr. Ortell to do my double mastectomy and I could not be more pleased with his care.  He is not only extremely professional and competent, he is a very compassionate and caring person.  I am very critical when it comes to choosing a health care provider, since I am also a health care professional and I would recommend Dr. Ortell to anyone who needs the services of a general surgeon.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	I too pay 190 for my suboxone visits. Easy price to pay compared to what I used to spend on my drug use. Dr Osaro is the opposite of what one person posted on here. He is very kind, compassionate and cares about this program and the patients enrolled in it. There are laws and reasons he does what he does. You cant have all of those other medicines in your system while taking this suboxone. Its simple. Its in your urine, you have to come back. I too started out coming once a week until the dr discovered that I was serious about this and got off all the other drugs. Now I see him once a month. I have been seeing him for over a year now and each time he is pleasant, caring and compasionate. I have never heard him yell, raise his voice or slam a door in the many times I have been in his office. His staff is wonderful and his clinic is comfortable. Dr Osaro saved my life, and gave me new hope. He wants us all to succeed on the program, but you have to follow the guidelines. I recomend Dr. 	 7/31/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	I think this clinic is one of the best.Staff is great and so is the doctor.I would recommend this clinic. 	 7/15/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	dr. osaro is in my opinion a very knowlageble, friendly doctor who takes his job seriously and has helped change my life for the better.  	 7/9/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
19	1	Dr.Osaro office enviroment is always pleasant and friendly.Dr.osaro shows concern and I feel comfortable talking to him in any situation. He has prescribed medications that were effective.  	 7/8/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	I go to Dr. Osaro for Suboxone.  I read the other review and couldn't disagree more.  He is very helpful with the use of this medication.  He is knowledgeable about the medication and does not allow you to take advantage of him.  It is a very delicate drug and any abuse could be fatal. This might be why the other reviewer did not rate good.  However, he must be stringent on the use of this medication because of the very reason why we are taking it.  The facility is very clean and the staff is very helpful.  I would definitely recommend Dr. Osaro for any of your family physician needs. 	 7/2/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
19	-1	I see this doctor for suboxone and they absolutely will not bill your insurance if you're there for suboxone. This is because 190 dollars per visit is way too much. He sees you for approximately 3 minutes, writes your prescription and sends you on your way. I have a benzine prescription from another doctor for anxiety and for that reason he only gives me 1weeks worth at a time. I can't afford $190 a week. I just can't. He wont even listen to me when I try to explain that I must travel an hour each way to see him and that I need my anxiety meds. He will literally yell at me and slam doors.  Very rude and clearly just out to take advantage of people who already have it bad. 	5	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	possitive very hepful answering &#63; Fixed nose problems just as promised.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	1	Dr. Olney straightened my deviated septum and took out my tonsils and adenoids this year, and he also met me in the ER to re-cauterize a wound from my tonsillectomy that had started bleeding copiously after surgery. He's never been anything besides compassionate, positive, and funny, and he's great at explaining medical procedures in layman's terms. I appreciated that he briefed me on how long it would take me to recover from the tonsillectomy since I was having it done as an adult. (Adults take much longer to recover than kids.) When my tonsils started bleeding post-op and I had to have the hospital call him in (he was on call that night), he was very kind and understanding and reassured me that everything would be fine. I would definitely recommend Dr. Olney to anyone with an ENT problem.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	-1	Made statements and asked questions to the Dr whom was three feet away from me and she ignored my questions.  I don't know if she was pretending she didn't hear it or what.  It's too bad too because her staff was very friendly and caring.  Dr overton however acted like I was an annoyance.  At the end of the appointment she was having computer issues and walked out.  This was after I asked her a question that she never answered.   Then the nurse walked in and took me back to the lab for blood work.  If you want a Dr to listen to you this is not the Dr for you.  Be warned.  I read a bad review for her before going to see her and wish I would have listened to a previous patient to save myself the two hours of my life I will never get back.  	5	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	Very unpunctual, patients left waiting a long time, nursing staff disorganized, nursing follow thru poor.  Doctor spends alot of time with patient and is kind, seems knowledgable.  	1	1	3	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	-1	Awfull Dr. No bedside manor. Does'nt spend time with pts. 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
23	-1	Bad doctor. Bad experience. Dr. Oetting waited until one minute before surgery to tell me he was implanting a different lens that would not let me see as well as the lens he had promised. Also, he implanted a capsular tension ring in my eye without even bothering to tell me about it before or after the surgery. The capsular tension ring is very uncomfortable and irritates my eye. As a result, I wound up with acute PVD two days after surgery. Now, my eye is really screwed up. Wish I'd never met Dr. Oetting. My opinion is to run away from this guy as fast as you can.  	5	3	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	all was good.  seemed ompetent.  was interested in me.   staff was nice 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
23	1	. Great surgeon who placed special lens and now I can see without glasses 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	-1	WAY TOO MUCH TIME AND MONEY SPENT HERE, I HAD TO SUFFER FOR OVER A YEAR WHILE MY CONDITION WAS GETTING WORSE. WE HOWEVER GOT THE CORRECT DIAGNOSIS FROM MAYO CLINIC. IT WOULD TAKE HER AND HER NURSE DAYS AND I MEAN DAYS TO RETURN PHONE CALLS BACK. I THINK WE HAVE JUST LOST INTEREST IN OUR PATIENTS AND  IF IT'S NOT A SIMPLE FIX THEN FORGET ABOUT THE PATIENT. REALLY SAD SHE IS A VERY NICE PERSON.  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	0	 		4	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
25	-1	I broke my femur at work. Workmens comp. has choice of health provider.Three years and five surgeries.I have 8&quot;of my femur by the knee.I have a new hip,a composite rod between hip and what is left of my femur. I am also crippled for life.Two years and two weeks after the last surgery was my last he walked in the exam room said there was nothing else he could do and wished me luck!!! 	1	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	Dr Olsen was very polite, helped me feel extremely comfortable before my surgery and led me to a speedy recovery.  Scar is minimal and incision healed very well. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	GREAT Doctor, who I'd recommend to anyone!  Caring, very thorough, knowledgeable, open-minded, always acted in MY best interests. I had a difficult delivery, but Dr.Onuigbo's skills and admirable patience saved me from C-section, so I delivered my first child naturally, without any complications. Came to visit me the next day after the delivery, even though it was his day off.  He's not only a great Doctor, but also a wonderful and a very humble Person whom I'm honored to know. I couldn't have asked for a better OBGYN.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	0	Was very late. I sat in exam room for almost an hour. Nurses were rude and busy talking out at station. Jamie, the only good one, was gone that day. He had bad news to explain, I started crying and he didn't like it. Did not want to deal with me after I started crying. Completed the exam but was not happy with his bedside manner or his nurses.  	2	1	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	1	Delivered my last 3 children, removed pre-cancerous cervical tissue, performed DNC and tubal - always helpful and compassionate.  Very knowledgeable and kept me informed of all my options.  Staff is usually helpful with the rare exception.  Because of his good reputation he is very busy but whenever I had to wait the nurses made sure I was comfortable and knew how long the wait would be.   Wouldn't consider going anywhere else unless I move out of the area!! 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
27	1	He delivered my 32 weeks twins vaginally, baby A was born face up and he delivered baby B breach, then he delivered my 5th child using a vacuum because of my being extremely sick and he was an advocate for me in the hospital.  He also did my tubal which herniated but he took good care of me and the herniation was not his fault! He is a wonerful man!!! LIndsay 	5	2	4	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
27	1	Wonderful caring doc. Did my hysterectomy - not one complication. Spends time with you and actually listens - had to follow-up on some minor pain I was having and Dr. Onuigbo made sure all was taken care of before he completely discharged me from his care - had me do follow-up visits till I felt everything was taken care of. Staff was also wonderful! Busy doc so doesn't always run on time but staff did let you know what was going on and kept you informed - didn't just leave you waiting with no explanation.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	-1	this man was so bad i fired him in the emergency room. he made the comment to me once that the reason he was a doctor was so he could send his children to college.and there were worse details i won't go into.i would say he is totally incompetant. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
28	-1	Rude staff at this ER. Dr Ajose needs retrained in bedside manners...arrogant and rude. Did not explain anything. Long wait with no updates.  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	-1	Lazy staff, LONG time spent in the waiting room every time, arrogant doctor, billed me to send medical records to another physician (this should be free as with all other physicians), fellow physicians in his office complained about him to me.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
28	1	I have nothing but the utmost respect for Dr. Ajose. he's been there for me every time i have needed him.  when i was diagnosed with emphysems, he came in and sat on my hospital bed and worked his way into telling me. i have since been in the hospital with pnuemonia and i was under his very attentive care. i now see a pulmonary specialist for that, but everything else, i see dr.  Ajose 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Tricare
28	-1	This dr. showed his terrible bedside manner while i was in the emergency room and he was on his ER rotation. I was dealing with a terrible needle phobia and needed blood drawn. Instead of working with me and taking a few extra moments to try to calm the situation and find out what may help me he got rude and tried to display dominance to bully me into doing it. I ended up leaving AMA (against medical advice) because i was so shaken and frightened by the situation. 		3	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	Dr. Olson is an outstanding eye surgeon who performed extremely difficult strabismus surgery  on both eyes to correct splayed vision.  His extremely experienced hand nd staff of highly educated and qualified  intern assistants resulted in My wife, Marilyn, being able to have her ariginal sight again with no after affects or problems. She now drives again and is able to plaay her  church organ as she did.  thanks  to him and his staff and all praise go tho them and prayer.  An outstanding doctor and a very personable person  with extremely great bedside manner. Highly recommended.  Forrest Easley 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
30	1	Doctor Omar and his staff are absolutely amazing! You can tell his is very passionate about all of his patients.  Both if my children see Doctor Omar and they both love him! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
30	1	This Pediatric office is a very good place to take your children. The doctors' are very punctual and caring as well as the nurses and nurse practioners. I would recommend this facility to any parent looking for a good doctor. They also have weekend office hours which help avoid the E.R.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
31	1	Dr. Osborn deliveted all three of my children. I would strongly recommend him to anyone. He is very knowledgeable. I had a c section with my last child and he assured me that it wasn't as bad as I thought. He did a great job.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	1	Dr. Osborn is the absolute best and I look forward to seeing him.  He helped me through my pregnancy, delivery and post-pregnancy and was always patient, provided the best care and always made me feel comfortable.  He spent an ample amount of time with me on each visit and even went above and beyond in some instances. He asked losts of questions and always remembered me and my history at each appointment.  Whenever I had questions, he would answer them clearly and knowledgeably.  For both of my deliveries, he seemed excited to be there, and I will never forget him! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	1	I wouldn't see any other OB/GYN - Dr. Osborn rises above the rest! His care is excellent and he has a great memory on every patient. He assures that he does everything in his power, goes above and beyond and is so informational.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	1	Dr. Osborn is patient and clear with his explanations.  He is very knowledgeable about pregnancy and made mine comforting and safe.  I will definitely return to him with my next pregnancy.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	1	Much like the last person who rated, I also had an emergency C-section and my baby was in the NICU. Dr. Osborne did not deliver her, but was part of my after care. However, for me, Dr. Osborne was quite conscious of checking of post-partum symptoms. When I seemed not mentally ready to leave after the insurance company's prescribed 3 days for a C-section, he made sure I got an extra day. He also made sure I had enough pain management medication to heal appropriately. The place where I felt Dr. Osborne fell a little short was on my follow-up. I got the strong feeling that the gynecological part of the job isn't his favorite, because I felt like he was rushing to get done and get me out of there. He didn't check how my incision was healing or ask how I was feeling. Other than that, he seemed quite nice and capable. 	4	5	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
31	0	Hours after waking after my baby and not seeing my baby (in NICU) Dr. Osborne talked to me about delivering another child. After my post-delivery appt I let this doctor know I was experiencing depression and post-trauma from the emergency c-section. He told me I was &quot;lucky to have not lost my uterus.&quot; He failed to ask about depression symptoms. I would never set foot in his office again after his invalidation and inexperience in post-partum concerns. 	2	4	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	Very friendly, and caring. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	Dr. O'Donnell is a great provider.  She is very knowledgable, helpful and patient.  She never seems rushed and takes the time to answer all of my questions. I saw her many times last year throughout my pregnancy and she was wonderful.  We encountered a few concerns during the pregnancy and she was very good at supplying helpful data/information and additional testing as needed (but not more than was needed).  She also delivered our baby and was an absolutely wonderful person to work with throughout that process.  I would highly recommend her to friends and family- and have already done so. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	I went to her when she was located in Washington, Missouri.  She was always very attentive, informative and respectful.  Dr. O'Donnell always took the time to really listen and talk to me.  I highly recommend her! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	Wonderful bedside manner. Truly listened to and addressed my concerns. I'd recommend her to any woman looking for an A+ physician! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	stays update with new technology and procedures, nice, polite and knowledgeable 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
34	-1	I was not happy with my visit to this so called doctor. He is very uncaring & ask me what I wanted him to do for me. I went for a problem & he did not act like he wanted to help me at all. Very sad that he is giving some very good doctors a bad reputation.  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	1	Great doctor very knowledgeable and helpful 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
34	-1	My 19yr old daughter was retaining fluid in her legs,ankles, up into her stomach and back.So I called the ER at our local hospital and talked to anurse I then asked whose was on call for our clinic we go and of course was this doctor we normally don't use. My daughter goes to another doctor for her diabetes and thyroid disease in another town. But she also doctors at this clinic for colds,dehydration,and misc. This doctor returned our call at home at started asking my daughter a question about what was going on. So then she proceeded to tell him. Then he said who do you normal doctor with and she started to tell him the other clinic where she goes for her thyroid and he stopped her and said why are you calling me you should be calling him and hung up on her. I reported him to the ER nurse in which I knew and he chewed her out also.Shetold him well that is so&so; grandaughter that he takes care of he said I don't care who's grandaughter she is. He is a complete jerk !! Do not recommend! 		3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	Was very helpful. Always willong to.answer a question. Awsome 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	Dr. Oetting is kind and knowledgeable. She takes time to listen and never seems rushed. I like her a lot. The only problem is that she only works part time which means that when my daughter is sick and needs a quick appointment she usually has to see a different doctor.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
37	-1	My husband and I went for a consult with this doctor. She barely paid any attention to me but spent the whole consultation time flirting and oogling my husband who is also an African like she is! Did not get anywhere with my health complains.  Stay away from this husband-snatching excuse for a doctor! 	3	2	2	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
37	-1	Te first time I went to see her, she never showed up! I waited about an hour. I wish I had just left then and never came back. I rescheduled, and when I finally did get to see her, after dealing with her horribly rude and unhelpful nurse she dismissed me. I told her I had a list and she rolled her eyes telling me to only pick the &quot;important&quot; things. I said they all were and she said fine 2 or 3 things then because she &quot;didn't have all day.&quot; I needed referrals, she refused to give them. She dismissed each complaint I had and eventually just walked out. She even made fun of me and told me to &quot;suck it up!&quot; Stay away from this &quot;woman&quot; if I dare call her that is completely incompetent and ought to lose her licence for violating HIPPA. After leaving my room I was in she was yelling and screaming about me to the nurses in the hall where everyone could hear, making fun of me.  I have never experienced such a high level of unprofessional conduct on the part of a physician and will NEVER go back!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	1	This man has been our family doctor for 18 yrs. Wonderful,caring,doctor. Laura has been with him for just as long, & is also wonderful. Big part of our family.My chidren have been seeing him since birth. I have never had a complaint. Not even in the emergency room at midnight.  I'd never trust my childrens care to anyone else!!! Thank you Dr Oshea & Laura!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
