dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
9	1	commentsVery compassionate and helpful.  Listens and answers questions. 	3	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	commentsVery thorough. He was very nice during the evaluation of my shoulder.  He offered options such as injections and therapy before jumping into surgery.  He discussed each option to my satisfaction.  I felt confident in making informed decisions concerning my care. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	commentsDr. Rathe has difficulty letting her patients have choice in their treatment. 	3	3	3	4	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	commentsShe is very helpful and smart. She definitely is skilled at finding the right medication combinations. Dr Rathe makes herself readily available to her patients' needs. 	2	3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	 I was shocked to see so many bad reviews. I loved working with him. We took our daughter to him for 4 1/2 years before we had to move. We appreciated his straight forwardness and unwillingness to listen to excuses from her or us for that matter. We all had difficult choices to make. We never felt rushed, but always felt like we heard something we needed to hear. It was our choice afterwards whether we would listen or not. Also having our psychologist in the same office helped with continuity of care. It is important for all providers to communicate. My only complain would be that he was always running behind.  	5	2	5	5	Insurance:Tricare
26	-1	 Very rude and shows no respect whatsoever. Seems to only be interested in getting your money, not your well-being.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
26	-1	 He never reviewed my childs med recs and told me there is nothing wrong with her even when the police excorted her to the ER after asaulting me. What a doc thought medicine was based and formed on listening to your patient and others it involves My daughter is bipolar with phyc episodes.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
26	-1	 I am sure the Dr. may be able to help some people just not me. I brought my son in at the age of 4 for behaviorial and developmental problems. I was referred to this Dr. from my primary physician. His first response was that I needed a male in the household. When I responded &quot;well they don't sell those at Wal Mart&quot; the Dr. prescribed a medicaiton that only put my son to sleep. After seeking other professional help my son was diagnosed with ADHD he has been successfully taking medication for this and his behavior, ability to communicate with others, school performance, and his relationships with his siblings have improved considerably. We still have a hill or two to climb because of all that he lost during his early years but we are getting there. However, I feel that it could have been sooner rather than later if the only diagnosis was that i was a single parent.  	1	3	1	3	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
26	-1	commentsDon't trust your child to this man. Will not listen to parents and makes snap diagnosis with little information. 	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
26	-1	commentsI cannot believe this man is allowed to practice medicine. My mother was his patient and he was cruel to her when she needed his help badly. Also, it is very common for his patients to arrive at his office for an appointment, only to find that it has been cancelled with no notice. I would NEVER allow this doctor to treat me or my child. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
26	-1	commentsAfter talking with me about my child for 15 min and not reviewing my childs medical records he said that my child was not bipolar when he has been diagnosed and has also been in a phosp due to his bp.  He tried to tell me he was only adhd.  and what doctor doesnt want medical records from his previous psyschiatrist&gt;&#63;!&#63;!&#63;  Oh and we travel over 2 hours to see him and we werent told that he was going to be out of the office the day of my childs scheduled appointment(scheduled a month in advance) so we drove all the way there to be told it had been rescheduled for 3wks later!!!  We are now seeing a new doctor!! 	2	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
26	-1	 This man is so imcompetent. I took my stepson to him for 4 years. Over those 4 years I told him stories of odd behavior, fire starting etc. His medical opinion (use this term very loosely)was to bring him to him once a week, and give him medication. I drove 2 hrs a week to sit in an office for hours waiting to see him, just to be in his office for less than 10 minutes. Just to find out that my step son had been sexually abusing my children for 4 years (oddbehavior)! Had the kid locked up, and then Ravipati wanted him to come back to my home! Then he wanted to see my two children weekly and prescribe medicine for them.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
26	-1	commentsThis man should not be a doctor. He can not even write a prescrption correctly. Save yourself time, money, and sanity, do not choose this doctor. 		1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
26	-1	commentsArrived more than an hour late for appt that I arrived 1 hour early for. Did not even get in to see him after more than 3 hours waiting for an appt. that was scheduled more than 1 month in advance. At least he billed me (twice) for treatment never received. Office staff rude and inefficient. Telephone contact impossible. Too bad because our referring doctor told us he is the best. 		1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
29	0	 Needs to follow up more.  	3	4	3	3	Insurance:Medicare
31	1	commentsDr. was very knowledgeable. Would definietely recommend him to all of my friends and family. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
34	-1	comments 	4	4	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
76	1	commentsVery knowledgeable. He is highly educated and understands so much about the functions of your body. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	commentsAn Internist who is very knowledgeable in many areas. Did blood work to find deficiencies. Pain management. Thoughtful. 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	 She is wonderful. Spends much time answering questions and really works with you to find solutions and meds that will work. Very patient person. I have arthritis and Fibromyalgia and Restless Leg Syndrome.  She diagnosed all of it when others couldn't 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
82	1	comments 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
92	-1	 I had an appendectomy. I was still having problems with my belly button 6 weeks after surgery. He kept telling my the oozing would get better. He was gone on vacation, so I went to my family doctor, got a culture, and found out I had a staph infection this whole time. He showed no sympathy or knowledge of the situation.  	3	2	2	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$7000
92	1	comments 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
95	-1	commentsStaff is very rude. Ransdell is in and out of your room then refers you to one of his nurses. He doesn't spend time with you, nor does he act like he wants to. Overall  there is no real patient care.  They only care about managing your meds not your pain and you as a person in need of care. The receptionists are nice but the nursing staff are rude. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
95	-1	.   	1	2	1	1	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
