dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	-1	Ira Neufeld in olathe is the WORST dentist to go to. very rude and unprofessional. Yells at his patients and treats them very very poorly. he has messed me up twice now and had caused damage to my face and mouth and still after two visits for a root canal the job is still not finished. Im not sure I can trust another person to work on my teeth very again. very unclean as well. says rude things about you and infront of you the nurses play with there cell phones while working on you. they dont talk to you or treat you well. the office is very messy and dirty. At one point while working on me he got mad at me and threw a tool on my chest. wiped his eye with a glove on and went back to working on my mouth and then put both hands on his head and rub his hair and went back to working on me. I have filed a complaint with the Kansas Dental Board and Association on him.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Delta Dental
1	1	Best Denetist in KC  He does my whole family.  Great with Kids. Did some beutiful crowns on my front teeth. Did a great root canal on my husband.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
1	-1	.  	5	3	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
1	-1	I'm normally not a complainer but Dr Neufield is such a rude obnoxious person I can't help myself. I would suggest you read the other reviews on this page before using him as a dentist. I was disappointed in both his service and attitude. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	Fantastic Dentist we love hot he treats our family.   Great with the kids 	 5/17/10	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	-1	Do not take your children to this dentist. He is horrible with kids. My child did great during the cleaning but when Nuefeld came in he was extremely rough and scared the heck out of my kid. I also heard him say very inappropriate things to his staff. The staff however was very nice, I feel bad for them.  	4	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	-1	 	5	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
1	-1	One of the worst dentists in the K.C. metro area. Do not go to him.  For a dentist, he has awful teeth, he smells, argues with you, and your dentist work will have to be redone later at another dentist.  I still can't believe that I went to him for about a year... 	1	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	Dr Neufeld is the best.  I've only had a few uncomfortable experiences in 25 years and & have always received excellent dental work & care.  My only complaint is the front office at times has scheduled too many people in a time slot.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
1	0	I thought it would be a good experience. Moved here, had no recommendations for dentists. Walked in, sign in was easy, everyone was pleasant and nurse cleaning my teeth was very personable. However, it took her over 1.5 hours to clean my teeth. It wasn't very thorough and the dentist was awful. He tried to tell me I've had braces and when I told him I did not (we were discussing an overlapped tooth) He said, &quot;no, this only happens with braces so you did have them&quot; I strongly said NO I DIDN'T a second time and he growled at me! He growled about 5 times and told me I have two cavities.  He saw me for ten min and criticized me for about 8 of them! I took my x-rays and have since gone to another dentist (also canceled husband's appt- no use putting him through this) 	5	5	4	2 	Insurance:Delta Dental
1	1	Office is new and waiting room is nicer than my living room. Staff handled my insurance for us.  My new crown is gorgeous.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	1	I am deathly afraid of dentists....but Dr. Newfield is the best.  I would never go to anyone else.  I found him pleasant, easy to speak to and most of all efficient!  I go every quarter and I never, ever have felt like I was taken advantage of.  I recommend him hight.  Cristina Meharry 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	Office is newly remodeled and looks great.  So was my new crown 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
1	-1	His office was dirty and it took several shots of novacaine to deaden the side of my mouth. When I complained I was in pain he became gruff, gave me another shot and then told the nurse to write this..and told her what to write.I had so much novacaine that the right side of my face drooped for over 24 hours..my friends thought I had a stroke!To make matters worse, the bruise on the side of my face was awful and all night I could taste blood..it was so upsetting. I went to another dentist to fix it..wound up needing a crown but went to another dentist.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Delta Dental
1	-1	Beware! His office is dirty.  He is the definition of &quot;fill and bill&quot;.  Plus he blew his nose while wearing the gloves he was working on me with and didn't change them.  I was mortified.  Somehow in the 6 months from the dentist I went to at my previous residence and his appointment I had acquired 3 new cavities.  So did my husband.  Lucky for us, I was smart enough to call my previous dentist and ask him what he thought.  My previous dentist told me to get another opinion from another dentist because he knew both my husband and I had great teeth. At the second opinion, the new dentist found 0 (zero) cavities.  I don't know how Ira Neufeld still has his license.   It's appalling! 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	-1	We haven't been to this dentist in years, but I would still advise to be careful!  He was a mess....dirty and smelly.  He did unnecessary work and billed incorrectly.  We stopped going when he deadened the wrong side of my daughter's mouth to fill a cavity, then had the audacity to make one of his nurses call us up to apologize.  There are definitely better dentists out there. 	2	3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
1	-1	He used us for our insurance money and ran us out without doing anything.  He gave my husband 3 root canals that we have found out he never really did, oh but we paid him for it.  My husband now has to have 3 teeth pulled because of this horrible doctor.  His office is NASTY and he smells like pee.  I never would go back but my husband did and he hurt him.  He didn't give him enough Novocain.  I can't tell you how much I didn't like his wife (Front desk).  All she cared about was her money.  I saw her yell at a patient that was complaining about Neufeld and he came out yelling also.  Unprofessional and just a plain unpleasant person.  I would never recommend this man.   Stay away from Ira Neufeld!!!!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Delta Dental
1	-1	This doctor was AWEFUL!!! I only went to save money b/c my issurance ran out, but I guess you get what you pay for. I would never go back! His equipment was soooo old, none of the new digital stuff you see these days. He's half blind, looks like he needs a bath and hair cut, and his office has a very bad SMELL! He kept dripping med on my face, splashing me with water and painfully sucking my check with their out of date devises! He said my pregnancy and morning sickness had nothing to do with my teeth problems which is ****! Every dentist I've talked to said that pregnancy can really affect your teeth. It's even in all the pregnancy books I've read. That told me he had no clue what was going on right from the bat. His drill was SOOOOOO old and LOUD I had a headache before I got out of the chair. That's never happened to me before. My fillings were not smooth and I had to ask him to do buff them better but still not good enough. I had to ask my old dentist to it. AWEFUL 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
1	-1	.  		4	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	-1	Dr. Nauser isn't just your average gynecologist and fertility doctor. Along with these specialties, she is an abortion doctor. When making the agonizing decision to have an abortion, I chose her offices. The nurses and the office staff were incredibly helpful and sincere. However, I would highly discourage anybody from choosing her specifically to perform the abortion. I understand she's had a lot of personal experience with trying to conceive, and I respect her competence. What I did not appreciate was how put out, impatient, late, and generally negative her attitude was toward me. I don't know if it's the mounting pressures of KS laws or her own beliefs, but if she can't at least pretend to care, she should really consider sticking to basic obstetrics and gynecology, instead of making an already horrible situation that much more traumatic for her abortion patients. Emotional healing would have been much easier had my doctor been compassionate and not treated me like a number in line.  	5	1	1	3 	Insurance:Aetna
2	0	My partner and I went to Dr. Nauser for IUI treatment.  We were told that my insurance wouldn't cover the services and that the best route for us was to use their fertility plan which was $500 per cycle.  We went through 4 unsuccessful cycles, plus one cycle that she recommended cancelling, while still charging us $170 for an ultrasound.  Finally, I asked to be recommended to another doctor.  I went to Dr. Gregory Starks.  His office used my insurance.  Not only did we get pregnant on the first cycle with him.  It turns out that my insurance covered everything but $215 for the actual IUI.  I feel that we were taken advantage of financially and that we should have been referred on much sooner.  I definitely would not recommend her. 	3	2	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	Dr. Traci Nauser is caring, compassion and concerned.  I've been her patient for 15 years and highly recommend her to all.  She listens to her patients which is a valued skill.  Professional in all ways.   You are in the best of care in her practice.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	1	She has been through infertility and miscarriage herself and really knows what you are going through. She talks to you like you are a person, no medical mumbo jumbo- just like it is. She is very frank. She and her father make you feel very comfortable. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	I have seen Dr. Nadler for over 6 months. I have MoHealthNet. The doctor and his staff are great. They take many patients that only have Medicaid. The work load is heavy. At times they have many patients scheduled on the same day. The doctor and the staff always get the job done. I think the doctor would like to use other treatments but Medicaid would not pay for it. That, of course, is not his fault. They care about people and do the best they can, and/or is allowed to do. I would reccomend them to anyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
3	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	He is simply the best and takes the time to listen.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
5	1	Excellent care. She listens, spends the time with you that you need.  Can run behind, but worth the wait.  She is knowledgeable and helpful.  Some of staff are friendly and some very business like, but all are helpful.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
6	-1	Unable to diegnose my problem resulted in the amputation of my foot.. He stinks... 	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	Great Doc, smart and helpful. Knows her stuff! I would guess the low rating was a custody eval. She does legal work. Esp good at cognitive therapy.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	-1	 	1	5	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	Dr. Norris always takes time to listen to your concerns and she acts like she really cares about you and your health. She is knowledgable and friendly and doesn't make you feel embarrassed about health issues that are embarrassing.She also explains things to you and recommends you for procedures if necessary to maintain overall good health and she is non-judgemental.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
8	1	Dr. Norris always takes the time to listen to all of my concerns and answer my questions.  She is never in a rush.  I appreciate her thoroughness and knowledge and never treats me with any disrespect when I ask questions.  I would highly recommend Dr. Norris.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	Just excellent 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	-1	I didn't care for her at all. I have lost my voice several times for months at a time. Previously it ended up being bronchitis and strep. Well when I went to her, I was in and out in five minutes and her only diagnosis was that I have asthma.... I have had asthma for years. She doesnt seem to care, and she doesnt seem to be very knowledgable. 	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
10	0	She seems to not understand the emportance of the patient needing to know what is going on. I felt that she was a good doctor until she performed tests without my knowledge or permission. 		2	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
11	-1	He was a good Dr he was suggested by my Dr of 16 years so yes i like him + he likes the Chiefs, an the Rolling stones. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
11	-1	Uses drugs to make patients forget, but not to relieve their stress during the procedure.  Does not explain and give choices for anesthesia.  I would not like to use this doctor again.  He messed up my head with some very bad stuff whose after effects lasted for weeks after the colonoscopy.  He seems competent to take care of isolated organs, but not the whole person.  	3	3	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	-1	He put in my stomach tube and hurt me very bad.  He was supposed to give me a local anesthetic and from the way it hurt I don't think he gave me any!  As he was putting my tube in I put my hands up to let him know he was hurting me and he yelled at me telling me to put my hand back down.  This man is a jerk. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	I found Dr. Nassif to be personable, knowledgeable and very helpful. He was very supportive during the whole process and I was in and out in no time. His staff were nice, helpful and cheerful. He explained the procedure I am about to take and him and his staff were nothing but cheerful and supportive till I was out of there. I am on the medication he prescribed to me and I feel so much better. Such a pleasant experience. 	 7/11/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	Very easy to talk with. Answered all of my questions, I have had 2 procedures in his office. Staff has always been helpful.  He treated my 90 year old mother with great care, was very gentle and caring. He is very often running late,but is never in a hurry when he is seeing me.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
11	-1	He does not seem to care about you and has a very bad attitude.  Wait time is horrible and the staff is just as bad.   I don't recommend this doctor at all 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
11	-1	This doctor is awful - my father is in the hospital now and has been for a week, and he came in once.  My father is bleeding internally somewhere, and we have known this for a month and this dr. has not found it - he has done 2 tests in that time.  He should have had a lot more!  His office staff are very rude.  When my mother called them this AM to let them know his hemoglobin level had dropped - they said he was very busy and would not get back with us until tomorrow.  My mother or I have never seen this doctor even though my father has had 2 procedures done.   His staff has been giving us the results, which by the way seemed to change overnight!  Do not go to this doctor!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Humana
11	0	He never even showed up for my first appt.  His staff kept telling me he is on his way.  After 2 hours I left.  	2	1	1	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	1	. answered all our questions and made us laugh through my husbands hepc and my cancer time 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	-1	I found his attitude toward women to be totally disrespectful.  He also wouldn't consider any of the &quot;newer&quot; drugs, preferring to put me on older drugs with many side effects.  I was so ill for five weeks from the medications!  And his staff&#63;  They refused to give him messages from me, didn't give him test results that were hand-carried to his office, and in general treated me with total disdain.  I will never go back to this man nor will I visit anyone else who is in that clinic.  	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Tricare
11	-1	very cocky and doesn't want to discuss what you want wants to do what he wants so he seems very money hungry 	3	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	The best doctor!She is compassionate ,caring &amp; an superb doctor .  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
13	1	One wonderful Physician, most caring &amp; knowledgeable. My family believed us to be blessed to have Dr. R Nottingham care not only for us but for my husband. Dr R Nottingham is an assest to his profession. They are lucky to have someone like Dr.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
13	1	Would not see anyone else! Dr Nottingham always has time for his patients. He is more than happy to stay and answer questions and explain things to where you can actually understand.  Great with kids also! 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
14	1	Very down to earth and easy to understand.  Didn't act condescending at all.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
14	-1	My son had dr Nguyen the experience was non-professional and we will never be returning to him. I was in tears when we left does he resent American children&#63; 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	As a doctor I feel that Dr. Nelson is great. She's knowledgable but still listens to parents. I always appreciate when doctors take your concerns seriously.    However, after 4 years with her, we left her clinic. Her clinic's staff and policies were too much for us. For one, contacting a nurse was impossible. Early in our history with her you could call and immediately speak to one - great for new parents. However, an office change in 2006 also meant a switch on the phones. For two, their on-time policy was unforgiving. I know that I don't want to wait for someone who arrives late for an appointment, but we were late for an appointment by 2 minutes. I'm not lying - we entered the doors at 10:47 for a 10:45 appointment. They turned us away.     Considering their policy, it still shocks me that the wait time in the waiting and exam rooms are unreasonably long. Her office staff was rude and her nurses disinterested. No doctor is worth that.  	1	2	4	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
15	1	Even after moving away from JoCo, I still gladly drive the 100 miles round trip in order to have my children cared for by Dr. Nelson. She is so warm and caring to the children, never rushes through an appointment, and is encouraging and supportive of parents.  Although there have been some staff changes lately, I still think this is the best pediatric group around.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
15	1	I have been taking my kids to Dr. Nelson for over 10 years. She is WONDERFUL. Very knowledgeable.  I would recommend her to anyone! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
15	-1	Worst doctor that I have dealt with.  Would not answer my questions, and did not stay around to work with us. 	2	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	Very knowledgeable about her field. Will work to make sure your happy. She also dose not have the arrogance many doctors have. She will spend the time with you that you need(many doctors I have run into the room listen to you heart and run off, she dose not do this. I strongly recommend her to anyone considering her.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
16	-1	 	5	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
16	-1	The SWeight Loss Surgical center and Dr. Thomas Nigro Are a poor excuse for someone needing help with a weight probem. They are there for one reason only , $$$$. After Dr. Nigro Botched my lap band surgery he refused my care and I became septic and was close to death before another surgeoun would fix the mess Dr. Nigro left me with. I had to have the Lap band removed and was in a hospital for 3 weeks. Had to have a central line to feed me for 3 months nad a wound va for the large L shaped wound now on my abdomen. WLSC advertises that lap band will cost $17K , they charged my insurance company over $72K.  Total cost of Lap band gone wrong.......$276k. Thanks Dr. Nigro , your a real gem. Beware , find out everything you can before deciding on a Dr.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
17	1	Dr. Nowlin is very thorough and knowledgeable.  She explained everything in laymans terms so it was easy to understand.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
17	1	Dr. Nowlin has been extremely helpful and takes great care of me.  I'm positive I'm as well as I am due to her care.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
17	1	Nowlin is a great person and a pretty good doctor. The best option outside of KC 	4	3	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	Dr. Nowlin is an awesome RA Dr. She is very very thourough and she knows her stuff. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	-1	Nazario has no bedside manners. I waited 12 wks. W/serious health issues expressed the urgency and got a cancellation call at 4:56pm the day before my apt. certainly, calling to cancel my appointment the day before had to b a mistake. I went at 8:30am on my appointment (9am). 10 minutes later after check in a clerk comes out to tell me that my appointment was canceled. I'd already changed meetings, took morning off work &amp; I was in urgent need to see her, was she aware&#63; Yes she was. Office Mngr.realized time was slotted I said I was not expecting her to have a diagnosis at first glance, but that she needed to hear my symptoms &amp; I would come back some other time. He had no argument.30 minutes later came back she said no -re-schedule. Total lack of humanity. No even face to face-on a scheduled appointment paper won’t tell a diagnosis. Nurses search for records after the patient signs a release.  I was glad to do the legwork and wasted 12 weeks zero regard to my health and to my time 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
18	1	I saw Dr. Nazario for the first time Spring 2010 and I am glad I did. At a routine physical, I talked to her about a knot I felt in my stomach area. Right away she told me it felt like a mass. She had me get an ultra sound and cat scan right away. The knot in my stomach turned out to be 10 lb mass that was surgically removed a few weeks later. Per the surgeon, due to size the mass had been sitting for over 1 yr. Something my previous doctor did not pay attention too! 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
18	-1	I used to see this doctor for years growing up, until I went to college. When I came back and learned a little I decided that I need to get involved in my care...Dr. N. didn't like that. She REFUSED to give me a referral to a Gyno!!!! Even though I have had abnormal paps in the past. She is only good for handing out antidepressants or antibiotics...if your really sick...RUN AWAY and do your research! She will also make you wait for at least an hour to 1.5 hours in the exam room without apology. Totally unacceptable. My time is as valuable as hers! I feel like she makes up her mind after about 3 minutes, without listening to you and ALL your symptoms..so you can't get an accurate diagnosis at all. Pass on her. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	I've been a patient for more than 15 years and am always impressed by how knowledgeable she is She really stays up to date with the current health information and the latest recommendations. She's proven to be a great diagnostician and doesn't subject you to tests unnecessarily. She also seems to understand me as a person and makes recommendation that reflect her understanding. Plus her office is unbelievably efficient.  	 9/19/10	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
18	1	Dr. Nazario is a brilliant, kind, patient doctor.  She was there at the delivery of my twin boys and cared for them until we moved away when they were 3.  She was always knowledgeable and kind, the babies were never uncomfortable and enjoyed their visits.  I would recommend her to everyone.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	-1	I have had Dr. Nazario since I was about 12... I am now 29.  Through the years, I can probably count on one hand the number of times I have actually seen Dr. Nazario.  She is always too busy to see me and I always get stuck with one of her nurses, and her nurses are not very bright.  A couple of years ago, I complained of an uncomfortable pain in my side and felt a growth and she said, &quot;Oh, its nothing to worry about, we are all born with weird growths and nodules.&quot;  Well, that growth turned out to be 2 grapefruit-sized liver masses which required immediate and major surgery, which drastically changed my life.  Another doctor found the masses.  Dr. Nazario never came to see me in the hospital or ever checked up on me.  The only reason I have stayed with her for so long is because she is my mom's doctor, but she has been unhappy with her too.  I will definitely be looking for a new doctor, and hope that my mom follows.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	1	Dr. Nazario has been our doctor for over 10 years.  She is patient, knowledgeable, professional and caring.  She is our family physician, even for my husband !!!  (you know, some guys are weird about having a woman doctor -- not mine ! ) 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	1	Very good doctor and takes the time my old doctor did not.  I am glad I made the change.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
18	-1	Used her as a doctor for many years, then when I went to her because I couldn't breath, she referred me to a pulmonary doctor, he found a growth on my thyroid, she never came to see me in the hospital but 1 time.  Acted like she was embarrased to see me anymore since she did not catch the growth.  I told her it was not her fault, she still made it unconfortable to see her for anything else, and would make it hard to make appointments, finally had to leave to get better care.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
18	1	Very up to date on research. She's been my doc for 19 years. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	. Very compassionate doctor, she's been mine for years and I really like her! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
18	1	Very sweet caring lady. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	I love this doc he is wonderful. BUT our children never get to see him. He is to busy or not there. His other docs in his office are great also. BUT.. You have a hard time getting in if you need to see them that day. We see more urgent care docs than anyone I know. Secondly if you can get in you never see the same doc time after time, it's always different.  Wait times are horrible! Great nice Doc's with no! 	2	1	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	He makes you feel like you are his only patient all day ... never rushes you he offered to have my husband call me while I was out of town to see if I had any questions for our daughters check up.  When my husband replied &quot;no I think I asked all the questions&quot; Dr Nitzel responded with &quot;Are you sure&#63; I can wait&quot; ... I dont know about you, But I would never in a million years expect that response from a Dr.  We love him! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	I feel like someone cares about me after the visit. Takes the time to get to know you. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	I usually have to wait quite awhile to get into the exam room, but the time he spends with each patient is amazing. He takes time to get to know you personally! 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	Dr. Noorollah is wonderful, compassionate and above all professional.  I would recommend him to anyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
20	1	Absolute best Chiropractic care I have ever had. Dr. Noorollah sets the bar so high, I can't imagine finding a better doctor. He is the best on so many levels and went extra miles for me again and again. I miss him tremendously since he left San Diego for Kansas.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
21	1	He has helped me stay healthy ever since I came to Wichita. / 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
22	-1	she was very pushy.  Her knowledge of her field was good, but I felt that she had barely reviewed my chart before she met me.  The physical exam was very brief.  I had breast cancer and at the exam she started examining the wrong breast, then asked where my scar was, I told her it was on the oppisite breast.  I just didn't feel she was very well prepared and that made me uncomfortable. 	2	4	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
23	-1	Had to have corrective surgery on the surgery he performed on my arm. He did not appreciate my asking for another opinion.  		3	1	1 	Insurance:Workers Comp
24	1	Love him have known him for 20 years always recommend friends to see him. 	5	4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	Dr. Nelson is wonderful! My daughter had a rough first year with being collicky, having severe reflux and feeding problems and I always felt that Dr. Nelson was proactive with her treatment. He did not waste any time referring us to specialists and I really felt like he made a point to keep up with the reports and updates he received from the hospital. During that first year, my husband and I were at our wit's end with the reflux and Dr. Nelson and his wife, Karen, were so supportive and encouraging. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	Extremely personable, excellent communication skills, remembers tidbits about the parents and always makes you feel comfortable. Works great with young children and is very knowledgeable. Does not push his own beliefs, will go into great detail about the kind of care he is giving your child, does not push you out the door and will spend time with you. I feel comfortable with his peers in this practice, I have never had a bad visit or felt confused after a visit, even during walk-in times when you don't always get your regular doctor. This is how every pediatrician's office should be.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
24	1	We have 4 children. Dr. Nelson is warm, caring and never makes us feel rushed. He never hesitates to refer us to someone if he feels out of his league.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	1	He is an awesome doctor. Very helpful and great with children.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
25	1	I'm still alive. He did a great job for me.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	1	I have been going to Dr. Nibert for about 8 years and she is by far the best doctor I have been to. She is very compassionate and knowledgeable. She spends adequate time with me on our visits. I would recommend her to anyone.  She is a great doctor! :) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	-1	Don't bother asking for help with medications or chronic pain, she won't do anything for you or even listen to  you. She gets out of the office ASAP.  	5	3	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
27	1	Love, love, love Dr Nelson and his nurse Carol. I was sent to them under extremely frightening circumstances and they held my hand (literally=]) and walked me through all procedures with ease and compassion. He is beyond extraordinary.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
28	1	I appreciated that he valued m time by staying on schedule.  To the point and very friendly.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	1	Good Doctor, but he is in a rush when you see him.  Every time I have gone to him, he leaves the office and I think he's coming back.  Instead, his nurse will walk in and tell me what needs to be done and that's the end of it.  His staff is friendly and you don't wait long to see him.  	4	5	4	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
28	0	I think Dr. Niederee is a competent surgeon however he needs to work on his bedside manners.  When he comes in to the room he acts like he's in a hurry....in fact I had to have the nurse chase him down after he left because I still had a few questions.  On my visit after my surgery he came in to the room and said I had cancer and needed to have another surgery then he walked out.  I had to make another appointment just so I could talk to him and ask him some questions.  	5	4	1	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	1	The staff and dr. are great, sam if you get a chance to see is wonderful and you can really get all the help with any questions or worries you may have, I have had two children with the hospital and with the help of hospital and staff would recommend anyone looking to be treated with care and respect to go with this hospital and the dr.s staff, good luck and congratulations 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	dr Niewrzel is a wonderful doctor- he cares about his patients-ie he never let me have any pain with my three deliveries. his staff cares about each patient- you never feel rushed when you are in his office. His office door is next to the labor and delivery department st St josephs, so he is always nearby. He delivers all of his babies-because he is the only MD in his practice-I highly recommend him.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
30	1	Dr Newth listens to my problems in a caring manner.He tries to be on time 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	has been my primary for 11 years, when out of his specialty referred me.  Has a sense of humor 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
30	-1	I ask for help with a problem with my genitals and he made a joke about how to fix it.Very unprofesional. 	4	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	We have been going to Dr. Nichols for 6 yrs and both my kids love him. My 5 yr old even said &quot;he is the best doctor in the whole world&quot;. My only wish is that I could find a doctor for myself that is as patient, kind and understanding as Dr. Nichols.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	1	Loved Dr. Nichols! He was so good with my 2yr old and 4yr old. He took time with each of my kids and talked with them and made them laugh and feel at ease. Very knowledgable doctor.  Best pediatrician I've ever had!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	1	I can never say enough about Dr. Nichols.  We never wait long, he is never in a rush with me and my millions of questions, and he is always in a good, relaxed mood.  He spent 45 minutes with me when I interviewed him, taking his time and making me feel like he had no where else to be.  As a first time mom, he helped me to feel confident.  I will hate the day we have to leave Wichita and leave him - he is a God send!  And Beverly is fantastic, too!  She always calls you back SO quickly.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
31	1	We switched to Dr. Nichols after our last pediatrician became rude and condenscending. He is one of the best doctors I have ever encountered .HE WALKS IN WITH A SMILE ON HIS FACE, LISTENS TO THE PARENTS CONCERNS ABOUT THEIR KIDS AND TRIES TO ENGAGE THE KIDS IN A CONVERSATION THAT MAKES THEM TRUST AND REALLY &quot;ENJOY&quot; THE DOCTOR'S VISIT.HE IS PHENOMENAL AND WOULD RECOMMEND ANY NEW PATIENTS TO HIM.KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK LUKE.BEV IS REALLY COOL TOO.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	1	Listens to the parents and the kids.  Both my kids like going to the doctor to see him.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
31	1	My son LOVED Dr. Nichols.  He would actually get excited to go to the doctor.   Beverly is great, too! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	1	We are also big fans of Dr. Nichols and Beverly. Dr. Nichols is one of those guys that cares about his patients, and isn't wrapped up in the fact that he's a &quot;doctor&quot; and you're not. Great guy, and other than mean 'ol Beverly giving out the shots, our kids love the experience! :^) 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	We LOVE him.  He always goes into detail to explain the diagnosis.   Our children like him too! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	1	Very patient with both children and parents.  His staff is supportive and always very positive. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	Dr. Newlin is an excellent physician. He is very thoughtful. He is very willing to answer questions. I would recommend that anyone with a child see Dr. Newlin. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
33	-1	THIS INCOMPETENT DOCTOR COMPLETELY MISSED DIAGNOSING MY DAUGHTER'S LEUKEMIA.  HE GAVE HER A MEDICINE THAT CAUSED THE LEUKEMIA.  IT STATES ON HER DEATH CERTIFICATE THAT HER LEUKEMIA WAS A RESULT OF METHOTREXATE TOXICITY.  SHE HAD PROBLEMS WITH ANEMIA AND HE CONTINUED TO PRESCRIBE THIS DRUG FOR APPROXIMATELY 2 YEARS.  ALL THE SIGNS OF LEUKEMIA WERE THERE AND HE COMPLETELY MISSED THEM UNTIL IT WAS TOO LATE.  HE WAS MORE INTENT ON GOING OUT OF TOWN THAN TREATING HIS PATIENTS.  DO NOT GO TO THIS DOCTOR --- UNLESS YOU WANT TO DIE!!!!!! 	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	I think he is a doctor that is interested in the overall health of his patients.  He has a pleasant personality and is easy to talk to.  I would recommend his services to anyone looking for his specialty.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	1	 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
36	0	BEEN THERE TREE TIMES AND THE SHORTEST TIME I HAVE HAD TO WAIT IS 1 HOUR 15 MINUTES BEHIND.  HE ALWAYS HAS SOME KIND OF EMERGENCY OR REASON THAT HE IS LATE AND I BASICALLY HAD TO GO A WEEK AND A HALF INJURED BECAUSE THAT IS THE ONLY DOCTOR ACCEPTING PATIENTS IN OTTAWA.   I WOULDN'T TAKE MY DOG HERE! FIND A DOCTOR IN LAWRENCE! 	2	1	2	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
37	1	This is an established practice with great serves for ADULTS and children who have been to a dentist and received dental work. HOWEVER, Doctor Newby is NOT GOOD WITH CHILDREN as he does not have patience for their fears, and demands they stop crying in a way that is more detrimental to a child's relationship with dentistry than necessary. I would recommend seeking treatment from a PEDIATRIC DENTIST if your child is in need of more than a cleaning! Also, if you have anywhere to be after your appointment, cancel it! Getting into the chair on time for any appointment other than hygiene is impossible. Getting in 30 minutes late (often longer) or waiting nearly as long on Dr. Newby to check teeth after a simple cleaning is almost a regular thing. However, if you have time, and don't mind having yours wasted, Dr. Newby, his hygienist and that exceptionally friendly orthodontal assistant are good at what they do and would be worth seeing (as long as you're not a child, mind you)! 	4	1	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	Short visits but she knows her stuff. I'm very happy with the results of my breast reduction.  	4	5	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	0	She was very short with us, did not spend much time.  The quality of her work was not what was expected.  I will have serveral scars.  Instead of making me better, I look worse. 	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
39	0	There are better doctors out there.  While Nelson knew what he was doing, the time spent waiting on my appointment, the treatment overall by the staff, and the unresponsiveness of Nelson himself earn him poor marks in my book.  In the future I will see another doctor if necessary.  	2	1	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	1	He was extremely helpful &amp; understanding prior to surgery. After my surgery was done &amp; I called with concerns, I was ignored for two weeks. When he finally called he was very short with me &amp; didn't seem to care or want to listen to what I had to say. Prior to surgery I would've recommended him to anyone. After surgery, I don't think I would recommend him. His bedside manner went out the window after the surgery was complete.  	4	1	3	4 	Insurance:Coventry
40	1	The best neurologist in the state by far, he has been very helpful and specific to my mom needs. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	Best doctor I have ever had. Very attentive and caring.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
42	1	I have gone to Dr. Nelson for over 10 years. I find that she is always attentive to my needs, even when she is running slightly behind due to emergent problems before my appointment. She is very attentive to my complex medical situation, and continues to keep atop the changes in treatment. She is very knowledgeable in the treatment of Diabetes, hypertension and other problems. Her office personnel have undergone changes in the last six months, which has addressed some of the problems I was having with returned calls. [Other MA seemed to be going through some job burnout (my opinion only]. Since addressing this inter-office problem, I find Dr. Nelson is more relaxed and able to concentrate on the matters at hand with her patients.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
42	1	always prompt and caring.listens and answers questions. nurses are friensly. have gone to her for ten years and will keep going to her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
42	1	I just recently started seeing Dr. Nelson and have maybe had 5-6 visits with her.  She was very thorough in the initial new-patient appointment and worked with me to address all of my concerns.  In the later appointments, she ceratinly took me more serious than other doctors have in the past but she was happy to offer a generic diagnosis without really exploring other options.  However, she did take a lot of time walking me through her reasoning.  The receptionists aren't EXTREMELY pleasant, but they're not bad either.  Her nurse is always very polite and helpful but I do feel that I spend more time with her than the doctor.  I also have had some real problems getting either the nurse or Dr. Nelson to return my calls regarding test results. Overall, she's extremely nice, maybe a little hurried, knowledgeable, but it feels like she may only be giving 80-90 percent.  	4	2	3	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
42	-1	Have seen her several times.  She is usually in a hurry and I don't discuss several things I had planned on because it seems like it would be a bother to her.  Not very consistent in how she deals with things.  Sometimes in response to symptoms she sends me for tests and on other occassions (with similar symptoms) she prescribes me antibiotics without doing any tests to see if it is even a bacterial infection.  On one occassion when she sent me for blood tests, she never called me back to tell me the results of the test, even though two things showed up on it.  I would have never known if I hadn't gone to immediate care and been told by the physician there.  	3	3	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
42	0	Seemed quite hurried and though I was able to receive a quick diagnosis and prescription for my sinus infection, I didn't feel comfortable bringing up some other issues I wanted to talk about reguarding what I think is depression. She seemed too hurried for me to bring it up and I just had an uneasy feeling trying to share that with her, so I didn't. 	5	3	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
42	-1	Very abrupt and not caring at all. She was not somebody that I would ever recommend to anyone. She does not listen to the patient and is only concerned about getting the patient out of the office. Very preoccupied. Not very available. Poor physician. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	Very caring doctor. Visited with me as long as I needed to be comfortable with my health concerns. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
42	-1	Will not return phone calls and is not available. Will not address physical concerns until health crisis prompts her attention. Will not talk to the immediate family members of her patients, not even with the patients consent. 		2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
43	-1	I have seen several different dermatologists for a difficult skin issue.  Unfortunately Dr. Neubauer was the least helpful for me.  As with most area dermatologists, each appointment was 2-3 months out.  With each appointment time, I waited 30 minutes to an hour to be seen.  I don't mind waiting for an excellent doctor, but she was unable to make a diagnosis after several visits and tests.  What I was most disappointed with is her unwillingness to try additional, harmless treatment options to see if something might make a difference (whereas other dermatologists did).  So after months and months between visits, I left with no answers and no ability to try anything different.  I think with treating more common skin issues, she's probably fine.  For anything involved, there are better docs out there. 	2	1	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
44	-1	This doctors office and doctor do not care about paitents. They just see dollar signs. We set an arangement of 100 a month that was agreed to by there billing office and then were told it was not sufficant and were set an appointment and then turned away for the very reason the appointment was set up.   Once again patients=$ They dont care! 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
44	-1	Dr. Neideree is ineffective, over-extended, rude, and is one of those physicians that comes across as if he thinks he is 'God'.  I did not find him to be a good listener and he did not do thorough follow-up. Last time I was there he basically dismissed me and my symptoms.  He did tests and told me he would call me a few days.  It has been a week and a half and he still has not called. I now realize that I should have moved on long ago.  Am searching for another Dr. now -- that is why I came to this website. ~  If you value a Dr.  who listens to you and truly cares&#63;  RUN, don't walk, to another doctor! 	1	4	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
44	-1	.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
44	1	I first saw him in 1994 visiting Wichita from Oklahoma City.  I was running a 105 fever. The doctor in Minor Emergency Center told me that it was a common cold.  Later in the afternoon a friend of mine took me to see Dr. Niederee. He immediately diagnosed me with Pneumonia.  He gave me a shot for three days.  Dr. Niederee saved my life.  Later when I moved to Wichita, he was my family and my physician.  Over years I have found him to be very courteous, knowledgeable in his field and extremely intelligent.  He has never misdiagnosed me or my kids. As the matter of fact, he cares for the children very much. I think the negative statements about him and his staff are unjust. He is the best doctor I have ever had. I strongly recommend him to anyone. He is not the type of person yelling at anyone, especially at his patients. I just cannot believe people would be so unreasonable to write such things about him and his staff.  I love his nurse, Dana. She is very friendly and helpful.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
44	1	Dr. Niederee has been my doctor since 2000 and I wouldn't consider going anywhere else. If your expect to be treated like royalty or like you're Queen for the Day, go somewhere else. He's a no nonsense, tell-it-like-it-is doctor whose diagnoses have been spot on, and he's not afraid to make a referral when necessary.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	-1	The wait in the waiting room is always an hour or more. Felt like he was in for the money instead of the care of the patient. Would recommend anyone who has him as a doctor to find someone else.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:HealthPartners
44	1	I have been to Dr. Niederee a couple of times and have always been satisfied with his care. The last time i went in i was seen by Dr. Ward whom treated me very well too. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
44	0	Office wait averages well over an hour. They get the job done, but so does the mechanic on my car. I'd like to think I'm worth more than my car.  	3	1	3	3 	Insurance:Tricare
44	1	I've been going to Dr. Neideree for the past several years.  True, a few times he may not have shown beside manners, but for the most part, he does take an interest in your health. It's also true that his nurses aren't the friendliest people in town, but I'm not there to see them for my medical problems.  They are there to take your medical information and that's it.  If a doctor can help me with my problems that I have, then I don't care if he's nice or not.  I would prefer to have a nice doctor and I believe that Dr. Neideree for the most part is nice.  Everybody is human and I'm sure he has bad days too, like the rest of us do.  I would recommend him to anyone. 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
44	-1	On three different occasions I took my children to see him and was misdiagnosed each time. He gets nearly irate if he is questioned in any way. His nurse is rude and everyone is way too busy with eating behind the nurses station, having snacks or talking personal business to be concerned with the patients or their needs. I wouldn't take my dog to this office. 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
44	-1	I will reiterate what some of the other parents said about Dr. Niederee...he is very abrasive and rude. We took our daughter to see him and he insisted she go to the emergency room. When we finally got to the emergency room he refused to speak with the attending doctor bc he claimed he didn't have privileges at our hospital! It turned out she was fine and he told us at his office that she needed to get to surgery asap. Later we found out from other parents that he has done this before. Even though his office hours are convenient, I will never see him again.  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	1	He has been my Dr. since 1984 and I wouldn't consider going to anyone else. He takes an interest in me and always asks about my family. He always asks if I have any other problems other than the one I came in for, if so he takes the time to address them.  I can get in the same day if need be. His staff is friendly and helpful not only in person but also on the phone.  I appreciate his evening hours as I work full time and my boss doesn't  look kindly on daytime appointments. Overall he has taken very good care of me and knows my health history.  Which saves time. He's very likeable and personalible.  	5	1	5	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	1	He has been my doctor since 1984- when he started his practice, I followed. For several years we were out of state, if we were visiting relatives and needed to see a doctor there were no problems getting in. I have developed chronic problems & he does not hesitate to send me to a specialist if needed. After seeing pts all day he has called as late as 9:30pm to go over labs/test and ASK if his recommedation is alright with me. His staff is always professional,helpful, even when I'm a cranky mess. He runs late when emergencys happen or when pts like me need time because of mulitple medical problems. He has always treated my boys (now 16 & 18) with respect, and even firmness when he felt they may put health/saftey at risk. Out of state doctors have 9-5 with closed at lunch, weekends/holidays forget it. In 20 yrs I have had to see another doctor @ the clinic very few times, even lunch/weekend/holidays. He is a strong pt advocate, he cares if pts take charge of their/&childrens; health.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	0	He was SO rude! I was seeing him for a rash on my face but I also had another question about a huge not on my throat..he said that he didnt have time to address any other problems that he was only seeing me for my face and told me that I would have to make anothe appt if I wanted to talk abou that! I would NEVER go to him again! 	2	4	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	Dr. Niederee has been my husband's doctor for the past 4 years. He has been &quot;right on&quot; with diagnosis of which has been diabetes, COPD, and others. He is straight forward and puts the responsibility of health care and wellness where it needs to be, on the patient. He's a tell-it-like-it-is kind of doctor. Personally, Dr. Niederee is the kind of doctor that my husband and I both need. One might not like the answer but it is usually right and if he doesn't know the answer he will refer you to one who does. I recently changed my personal physician to Dr. Niederee and I don't regret the decision. We like his straight forwardness. He is a General Practiioner and not an Orthopedic.  		4	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	-1	When we took our daughter to him to catch her up on her shots, he treated us horribly about her being behind on her immunizations. We switched doctors the same day. When we took her in to see her new doctor. He said &quot;no problem she only needs two shots to catch up.&quot; What kind of doctors literally yells at his patients&#63; 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	She goes out of her way to help me. I have never had her cut me short. She will sit with me until I have asked her every question I can think of. I have a very rare condition and she has gone above and beyond to learn all she can about my condition to give me better care. She has even contacted me on her time off to answer qustions for me.  	2	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
46	-1	When my children were little (93'), he was their doctor, he really seemed professional at that time and willing to help really concerned if one of them was sick but as the years passed about four he became less and less professional more in a hurry less and less time was spent on their care until I finally just found a different doctor. I can't begin to tell you just how bad this doctor is now. My dad seen him for about two years, he gave him lots of pills for pain also pills for diabetes. My dad had a lot of prostate problems the last two years and nothing was done about it, he was sent to a urologist once where they did a biopsy but never heard anything after that. No follow ups no referrals no nothing. He fell one day outside his home and his chest hurt so bad he had to go to the E.R. where he found out he had prostate cancer that had spread to his bones. He died less than four months later. I tried confronting Norris but his reply was he refused to talk about it and walked off.  	5	4	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
46	1	great dr,delivered all 3 of my children,kristy and phyllis were great nurses,dont know about the new ones..dr norris is a caring dr..and ladies,he is very attractive...  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
46	0	Did not follow up on a recommended procedure so we had to go somewhere else to have it done.  	3	4	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
47	1	Great Dentist... made a root canal painless!  Love Dr. Nordhus and his staff- very caring practice. Dr. Nordhus talks to you NOT at you.  The doctor himself or one of his staff calls to check on you after your appointment - that is one in a million! Rates are reasonable and they will file your insurance for you. I use to have a huge distrust and dislike for the dentists, but I actually can say I like going here. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	Dr. Nickel takes time to get the right fit!  My family has gone to him since 1976 or longer.  I still drive from the Kansas City area to have him care for my eyes.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
49	1	Outstanding dentist.  I would recommend Dr. Norden for all age groups.  Very knowledgeable, personable, professional, experienced, and understanding.  He is the best dentist I have ever had.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	1	. he took the time to listen and care about my problem an pain and do what he could to help 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	1	The only difficulty we had was finding Dr. Nicolae-in the phone book and in the hospital. He spent an amazing amount of time with my husband and me--making sure we understood the process and its possible outcomes. We were both delighted with the way that he spoke to us, and the results were exactly as he said they would be. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	Buy the time of my appointment for a spinal tap, my pain had gone away as slowly as it had come on.  We had a Consultation meeting to explain what to expect if it comes back and why the pain came on to begin with...my curved spine.  I understood all he had to say and appreciated the education.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
50	-1	 	2	4	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
51	-1	VERY RUDE!! Acted like he didn't want to be there or treat me...like he was grossed out to be in the same room. Went in to get med's for a simple sinus infection and he wrote a prescription for Mucinex...I could have saved the money and time and just gone to the local grocery store!! Hopefully this works as I typically get a z-pack! I will never be back...HORRIBLE DOCTOR.   M 	3	3	1	3 	Insurance:CIGNA
51	-1	Worst bedside manner I have ever seen.  Acted like we were a waste of his time about our six month old child.  Never spoken to anyone so rude in my whole life, left in tears.   Do not go see this man!!!! 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
51	1	Dr. Nichol was very helpful and made me feel at ease.  He took the time that I needed to explain everything to me and he answered all of my questions. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
51	-1	Doctor said I had a fungal rash on my torso.  Told me to use athlete's foot cream on it, perscribed me another creme as well.  After months of following his methods, I had to see a skin specialist and she actually looked under microscope and it was not a fungal rash.  She prescribed me the correct medication and I was good to go in a couple weeks. 	5	5	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	The office staff is nice and helpfull. I like the dentist Dr Natanov ,he was very knowledgeable and patient with all my questions. I got the appoitment on the same day plus  the painless root canal. My kids really like the dentist. He is very kids freindly. 	 11/5/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
52	-1	its the worse dentist place that i had ever seen, its a rip off, i went over their for my son to get filling done before they start the work the ask me to pay $53 for xray and examination that does not include the filling price, and they would not tell me how much the filling cost,i told them that i dont want the service and i left they send the $53 to collection agency!!! we didnt receive service but we got charge of amount $53!!!! ....beaware of that dentist office they lie at the phone to make you come over, after that they add alot of charges to the bill that you dont expect 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
52	-1	i went with a very [roblem and my tooth before went i call and ask how much they charge for pull out a tooth ,she tell me to $130.00 BUT IF ITS MORE THEY DEDUCT FROM TGE $130.00 I O READY PAY BEFORE THEY DO NOTHING AFTER THEY GET ME X-RAYS THEY CAME WITH A CRAZY AMOUNT $250.00 FOR TAKE OFF MY TOOTH AND I SAY SO I HAD TO PAY $120.00 MORE THEY SAY NO, SO WHY I PAY THAT MUCH IF THEY DO NOTHING , HOW THIS PPL THINK THIS IS NOT RIGHT,THEY JUST TAKE UR MONEY FOR NOTHING I REALLY DONT HAD THAT MUCH MONEY SO I GO BACK HOME WITHMY PAIN AND THEY JUST GET MY MONEY I WAS SAVING TO GET MY TOOTH OUT , FEELING HORRIBLE HOW PPL WORK LIKE THAT SOMEBODY NEEDS TO CHECK CLOSELY 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	I went in to get a tooth pulled that I had broken the night before. Let me say, its very clean, the front desk (blonde) is super sweet, the dentist is very knowledgeable and they fit you in with no problem! BUT one of the ladies that was supposed to numb my gums put the medicine on the wrong side...I informed her it was the wrong side and she said, &quot;are you sure&#63;&quot;. Of course I'm sure! I disliked the fact the dentist knew I had a REALLY weak jaw and didn't show any compassion when I started crying from the agonizing pain from him JERKING my bottom jaw bone and snapping at me to &quot;open bigger&quot; (was open as big as I could with my jaw bone popping and cracking). My husband was even getting angry watching! Also the office visit is way too expensive. Hope you have insurance! This experience just confirmed my fear and hesitation in going to the dentist. 	2	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	Dr. Josie's nurse practicioner Finette Gress is Very anti-social, judgemntal,RUDE! Dr.Norris opened a pain mgmnt clinic and I thought we (my partner &amp; I) Had a great repor with her But when she leaves on vacation, &amp; that about half the year, this Finette Gress hasNO buiness working in the medical field. She DOES NOT CARE how much pain anyone is in &amp; don't go in grumpy from pain cause she has a complex- she'll say you have an attitude problem. That why she tried to let me go the year before. DR. came back from vacation, told me that &amp; put me back on as her patient. This last year Gress fired me &amp; my partner for NO reason, Although she came up with some. It HURT so much, that Dr. Josie agreed to it. And we really like(d) her ALOT. I still cry about it &amp; havent found a dr. yet!What happened to the Hypocratic Oath. &quot;Do NO harm..&quot; People DO NOT hesitate to file a complaint with the Dept. of Nursing OR Dept. of Helth (I think) against a dr., but in this case its the so called nurse.  	1	5	5	4 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
53	1	I cannot say enough good things about Josie Norris and her practice.  I saw a mid-wife primarily during my pregnancy - Norla - and she was amazing.  Everyone associated with the Birth Center is warm and caring...willing to spend time to get to know their patients...and they consistently go the extra mile to help their patients.  My first meeting lasted over an hour which is simply unheard of in this day and age.  Norla took the time to know me...understand my situation...and guide me about what to expect during my pregnancy.  I had a very difficult labor and delivery, and had to go to the hospital. Josie delivered my son and Norla was there to add support.  I felt very loved and cared for.  If you're looking for a practice where you and your baby come first, go to the Women's Birth Center in Topeka. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	Dr. Niernberger, D.O. has been my GP for at least 20 years. His osteopathic treatments are great as well as his overall medical expertise. He spends as much time with me as I need. Office visits are usually enjoyable as we sometimes tend to swap jokes a bit. Dr. Niernberger is well-known in Wichita and is a former board president of the Wichita Clinic. The only negative thing is that some of his nurses are dull-witted and arrogant. The PA he has, Rhonda, is very good.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	-1	Said I needed to see a cardiologist because tredmill test was showing something. I did another tredmill test and it came back adnormal. Did a heart cath and they found nothing no blockage, no plaque in arties. Never got a straight answer why 2 tredmill tests came up adnormal. Also nurse told me information that she shouldn't have. To me that was a waste of tests and money.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	-1	I used him for about 5 yrs or more. I personally liked his manner very much. The only complaint I had was you really need to have your questions ready and be ready for fast responses. I would often leave feeling like I didn't have sufficient answers to my questions. But he is a likable Dr. and will get you in to see his PA if he cannot see you, so usually very helpful...except his PA kept prescribing me the wrong medication three visits in a row, I finally had to see him and talk to him about it and he told me that his PA had been prescribing me the children's dose of medication instead of the adult dose......ugh But I still liked him very much 	3	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
55	-1	He's not very organized.  Always seems rushed and doesn't listen to my concerns.  He made me feel dumb when I suggested lowering my medicine.  I've been healthy for 6 plus years I think its ok for me to take a chance.  	2	1	2	2 	Insurance:CIGNA
56	1	This doctor is excellent! She is kind, caring, a good communicator and extremely thorough in her treatment and diagnosis of our medical issues. On a scale of 1 to 10, we have found her to be a 20+ in dealing with any medical problems we have encountered.  WE STRONGLY RECOMMEND HER! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
56	1	Dr. Nicholson provided a thorough review of the issues, and spent the time needed to answer all my questions!  Breath of Fresh Air. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	Dr. Nunez was assigned to me after an ER visit following the birth of my son.  He accurately and quickly diagnosed my problem (congestive heart failure) and worked hard to fix it.  He also worked diligently with my baby's pediatrician to find medications that I could use while breast feeding.     Dr. Nunez's bedside manner made me genuinely feel like he cared - and wasn't just going through the motions. 	2	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	Dr. Nguyen is AMAZING! She delivered my 1st and when I found out I was pregnant with my 2nd I made sure that the insurance I was about to change to would accept her.   I would pay any price out of pocket to see her! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
58	1	Dr. Nguyen has been my doctor for 6+ years now and I truly value her opinion and think she is an exceptional doctor.  She is kind and always takes the time to listen to any concerns I may have. I would definitely recommend her to anyone and everyone.  She is truly a wonderful doctor! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
58	1	I absolutely adore Dr. Nguyen! She has such a great bedside manner and always talks the time to LISTEN to my health concerns. I went through some medical complications and she was so supportive. She even called to check &amp; see how I was doing at home. I actually look forward to seeing her...how many doctors can you say that about.  Exceptional physician 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
58	-1	Very rude and condescending to the nurses who took care of me in the hospital.  Always acts like she is in a hurry, talks like a baby and is generally unprofessional.  	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
58	1	Dr. Nugyen was amazing during before/during and after my pregnancy. I never felt rushed during appointments, she addressed all of my concerns (even my irrational ones) and she's very compassionate.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
58	1	Very punctual for the appointment and was efficient during the appt. She made sure to answer all of my questions and allayed my concerns on some issues. Well-informed, competent, kind, and friendly.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
58	1	Dr. Nguyen was excellent. She knew it was my first time visiting a OBGYN and she made me feel very comfortable. She knew a lot about what I had needed to talk about and when I mentioned something else she gave me the name of a doctor in a different field of study that I could visit. She's very kind and knew how to talk to me about things without going over my head.  She was on time for my appointment and her staff was great! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
58	1	Dr. Nguyen offered to be there when not on call when I delivered. She has a great bedside manner, and is very kind. She listens and puts fears at ease. She was great throughout my pregnancy and only missed my birth because it took a while for nurses to reach her as she wasn't on call (and I deliver fast). She was compassionate when I miscarried. I feel she is so friendly she almost could be a friend.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
59	1	Dr. Newby is wonderful. As previously stated, she has great bedside manner and is always willing to answer questions.  My appointments never felt rushed.  I highly reccommend Dr. Newby.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	1	I am so blessed to have Dr. Newby as my OB/GYN.  She delivered our first child recently and thoughtfully guided us through our pregnancy.  She has the best bedside manner we could ask for and was top-notch at answering all of our many questions. We whole-heartedly recommend Dr. Newby.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
59	1	This  young lady is a caring ,gentle ,and friendly person that takes the time she needs to help you when you may  need it the most. The office staff is proud to work with her ....such a nice thing to see.Care is taking with room set as well.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	1	My friends told me Dr. Newby was the best OB/GYN in town, and were they ever right.  She takes time to listen and has a great bedside manner. I would highly recommend.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
59	1	She is awesome.  I'm so glad I had her as my OB.  She really takes the time to listen to your concerns.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
60	1	I was very happy when seeing this doctor very honest and will listen to what you have to say takes plenty of time with you. takes time to visit with you. I would recommend this dr to anyone.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
60	1	. very caring, made me feel better, great doctor, knowledgeable 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
60	-1	Poor diagnostic skills, egregious misdiagnosis when presented with obvious symptoms, unhelpful, uncaring, did not listen, insensitive, dismissive and hostile attitude. Worst doctor I've ever seen. I left in tears. Thankfully I saw another dr for a 2nd opinion who immediately identified my ailment.  	5	4	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
61	1	The girl that cleaned my teeth-Sheri,  did a wonderful job. Very detailed exam and gentle cleaning. The Dentist did a great job and was very imformative. Will definatly go back.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
62	1	very helpful, knowledgeable,best Nephrologists in kansas city 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	Dr. Venu Nair saved me from kidney failure and kept me alive in 2002. My lupus had flared up and I was basically on my death bed. But a few doctors, Nair included, got me through it.  I owe him my life! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	1	Excellent specialist. Knowledgable and caring with his patients. Thorough. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	I was treated by him at Truman Medical Center as an oral surgeon.  He had an excellent bedside maner, and explained everything he was going to do.   Put me at ease for a painful proceedure 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
63	1	The Nielson family of dentist are the best around! They are skilled and honest.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
63	1	I love this dentist. He's friendly, gentle and really knows his stuff. They are on top of the newest technology and he's always trying to save his patients money!!! A rare gem. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
