dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
9	1	.  great doctor very knowledgable 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	1	commentsThe eye implant surgery was easy and seems to have gone very well thusfar. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	 Dr. Gall is both friendly and knowledgable. Sets the record straight on all risks during a procedure. His personality is not &quot;robotic&quot; and makes you feel at ease talking to him. I have had Dr. Gall for two procedures and each time the results have been fantastic. I have recommended him to friends who also have used his services.  Superb surgeon! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
14	0	 Went to him because I picked him out as a neurosurgeon in my network. He explained what my MRI meant, answered two of my questions, gave me 4 options to choose from and acted like he was done visiting with me. Very monotone, his description of my MRI sounded like it was a recording, not a doctor that CARES about his prospective patient. Really didn't seem very interested in having me as a patient. Felt uncomfortable about having him as someone who is going to work on my back and I'm suppose to feel good about it with that kind of bedside (or should I say - &quot;in the office as a consult&quot;)manner. Left that appointment with my mind already made up that I was definetly NOT going to have him do my surgery and I was going to get a second opinion. Not that I didn't believe what he said was the problem but it's that he didn't care about it. Felt like he was thinking &quot;Move 'em in Move 'em out&quot; like I was a #, not a person who has feelings.  I wouldn't send my dog to him! 	5	5	2	4	Insurance:United Healthcare
14	1	 Dr Gall walks on water!!! He took out a large brain tumor in my Cerebellum and two cysts. We were told the surgery probaly wouldn't work but it was the only option to save my life. He successfully took out the tumor and cysts and has followed up on me for 18 years. He knows his stuff and talks when the situation warrants. His bed side manner was better than the other surgeons who came in the hospital.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	 I am a disabled veteran. I have brachial nueritis, with a extruded disk at c4/c5 and c6/c7. Dr. Gall was plain in explaining the condition, and surgical procedure.  His bedside manner is above par! I had instant relief, as to when I immediately awoke from surgery, I had less pain after being operated on, than in the last year!!!! I would reccomend to ANYONE needing his services, as to being one of the best in his field!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Veterans Administration
14	-1	 No bedside manner. Does not listen. I wanted a conservative approach and instead he performed a radical and experimental procedure that has left me crippled and in severe pain. I would not want anyone to endure what I have. I have had 3 surgeons tell me that Dr. Gall ruined my spine and that my only option may be to paralyze me from the waist down. He ruined my life.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	 I found Dr. Gall to be very professional. I felt that he responded to the severity of my pain in a very swift and concise manner. I would reccomend him for even my children. He explained the surgery in a very professional demeanor and was procise. My pain is no longer.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
14	1	commentsMy view of Dr Gall is he is a very serious professional with years of experience and only wants the best for his patients. His demeanor is focused with a humanistic approach to each individual. My experience with Dr Gall was more than I expected and his focus on solutions made me comfortable. Dr Gall provided alternatives to help my back pain and contacted me concerning my hip. The receptionist was extremely accommodating not only to me but I was fortunate to witness a couple who were trying to make a decision concerning a date to have surgery. The receptionist gave the couple names of other surgeons they might contact to get another opinion. In conclusion, I had an extremely favorable experience with Dr Gall and his staff and can only think the individuals who had a bad experience were expecting something totally different and out of the range of good service from a seasoned professional. My first draft had over 3000 characters so bottom-line, Dr Gall and his staff are a great choice! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
14	-1	 I would steer clear of this so called doctor. His very full of himself. Only if I got a second opion. My surgery was two years ago and I am in more pain than before the surgery. Its hard to find a Dr. that will look at me now. No one wants to look at someone elses botched surgeries. This Dr. even cut my spinal fluid cord and didn't even know it. I sure found out after I was home for a few days and I got the spinal headache and he wanted me to go to bed for two weeks to see if it would heal on its own, which after four weeks my husband and I went to the hospital and stayed there until the test proved that he did cut it and left a piece a bone in there and I wasn't going to leave the place until he agreed to repair it. So after all that He did do the second surgery and I have been in pain ever since and have been to the pain clinic for injections and now I don't know what I'm going to do next. Thanks to Dr. Gall. Don't go to him.  	3	2	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	 Absolutely great Doctor.  Had C6-C7 disk herniation.  He went through the normal routine checking strentgh, numbness, etc. and told me what he thought it was.  We then looked at MRI and confirmed what he thought.  He was my 2nd opinion + I'm an engineer, and had reserached my condition and options extensively. He was bang on before looking at MRI.  I also liked non-fusion (ACD) vs. fusion (ACDF).  Liberty Hospital was perfect.  Small.  I got excellent attention from his visit, to pre-registration, to check-in, etc.  Every hand-off was timely...no time waiting, etc.  Staff was great to me and my family.  Woke up and my arm that had hurt and been tingling for 10 weeks was back to normal just like he said it would be.  Highly recommend this guy.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
14	-1	 Spouse went to this physician for neurosurgery consult after traffic accident.  Did not recognize, the severe Ataxia symptoms. Spouse went to the ER and was admitted to the hospital. The Neurologist was appalled. Would not recommend this physcian.  	1	2	1	1	Insurance:CIGNA
14	-1	 not personable spends very little time with patients and does a poor job of explaining condition/limitations. Did not do a thorough exam when I was admitted through the ER or when he came to my room. Follow up visit was a joke-he spent less than 5 minutes with me and acted upset when I asked questions.  	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Aetna
14	1	commentsDr. Gall got me in promptly and diagnosed the problem.  My surgery went very well and he stopped by to see me every day while I was in the hospital.  He answered all of my questions honestly.  He doesn't talk much which some people might interpret as bad bedside care. I didn't get that feeling though.  It is nice to find a surgeon that doesn't feel a need to throw around all of his knowledge to impress you.  He is concerned with getting you well as quickly as possible, not chatting with you and being your new best friend.  I would recommend him to my friends and family. 	5	5	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
14	-1	 No help at all.  Rude, insensitive.  Gave very short non-informative answeres to questions. He didn't check to make sure what test I had.  Was very short, quick, and uninterested in my problem. Avoid this so called doctor at all cost.  Should not be allowed to practice.  	3	2	1	1	Insurance:United Healthcare
14	1	 VERY satisfied with info and options given prior to surgery.  got in quickly with appointments and actual surgery.  honest, affordable and VERY professional.  surgery a resounding success.  Gall is a  man of few words (after he gives you his info speech on your options and the benefits/risks of surgery), so be sure to have a list of prepared questions for him.  he is in the minority of spine surgeons in my area as he does not &quot;fuse&quot; vertrebra after surgery via bone grafts and hardware.  he supports a non-fusion option with less risk, better recovery, much lower cost, and no loss of permanent mobility.  very happy we found him before getting the second opinion from the &quot;fusing&quot; type surgeons who seemed to be in it more for the money.  HIGHLY recommend.  	5	5	4	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
14	0	commentsDr. Gall has no bedside manner and doesn't explain the procedure/surgery at all. The minute the surgery is finished, he acts like his job is done and gets irritated if bothered with questions or comments. I will find someone else for my next back surgery!!! 		2	1	4	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	comments 	4	4	4	3	Insurance:Unknown
20	-1	 This dr had no clue what he was doing and his office staff was very unprofessional.  Waiting room and patient rooms very dingy and dirty making return visits because of the filth that made my kids sick! Switched drs and my kids have been healthier than ever! 	1	2	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	 PA's who work for him are great to work with. He and his staff are very knowledgeable when it comes to working with the patients.  They answer all your questions very well.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
27	-1	commentsThe worst doctor I have ever had!! Very des respectful to say the least! I would never recommend this doctor. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
27	-1	 This doctor thinks you should use creams on everything and tries to give you advice on things unconcerning him. When called regarding a question about otc meds, dr began asking me my complete medical history, then tried to tell me my dr, who I see at the same clinic, shouldn't be treating me the way I've been treated. I explained my dr is well aware of my condition and the treatment provided is working, and I'm only calling about otc questions. Dr kept talking about creams! I explained with rsd I cannot rub anything onto the area as that's EXTREMELY PAINFUL. I hope I never have to see this doctor.  	3	2	1	1	Insurance:AetnaPaid/Co-pay:$60
27	-1	 This Dr is VERY disrespectful! He may be a knowledgeable about his field but you'll never find that out because he doesn't listen to you or care about your opinion on your healthcare options. It's his way or the highway!  He verbally attacked me in the recovery room after my surgery so much so multiple nurses stepped in and when he FINALLY left me alone his partner came to offer to see me for my follow up appointment before I decide to leave the practice. The nurses &amp; office staff are very nice &amp; easy to deal with! Dr. Garcia is just a blemish on an otherwise great practice.  	1	2	1	3	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
27	-1	commentsStaff is rude. Pressured me into a procedure which I later had to have undone. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
27	0	comments 	2	1	2	4	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	commentsI have found her and her staff to be  A+ in every instance that I have ever needed her. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
32	-1	commentsShe might be a good doctor but she does not care that her patients are not treated well by her staff. I would not recommend this doctor because of her terrible staff!!!! They are the worse I have ever seen. 	1	2	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	commentsYou won't find a more caring physician than Dr. Garner.  The dedication to her patients and the determination to seeing that they receive the best medical care possible makes her the type of physician you’ll want taking care of you and your family for years to come 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	commentsDr. Garner is one of the best doctors I have ever seen.  Please know that she has wonderful bedside manner and cares deeply for her patients.  She is board certified and at the top of her game.  I love her and you will too.  If you are in the Pittsburg area, give her office a call.  She also has a satellite clinic in Girard, KS. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
32	-1	commentsTerrible bedside manner. Believes she is more knowledgable than she is. 	1	1	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
40	-1	 Waited 2 hours to be seen even though I had a n appointment.  Was completely unhelpful.  Could not adequately perform an eye exam.  Did not even do a physical exam in general.  	1	1	2	2	Insurance:United Healthcare
40	-1	commentsDid not get well under his care.  Did not perform adequate diagnostic tests or refer to a specialist to determine the cause of the illness. A nurse referred me to another Doctor under whose care I fully recovered my heath. 	1	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
43	-1	commentsDoes not care about your pain level, terrible bed side manner does not listen to you hes off in the ozone somewhere  does not care how long you have to wait, runs in and out of the exam room. Is not clear on diagnosis or treatment. Hes looking for the paycheck. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	 did make some inappropriate statements if not openminded(ie. While preparing me for surgery, asked nurse for some booby tape to hold down my size F breasts out of his way).  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
46	1	comments 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
47	1	commentsDr Gangadhar is the greatest dr ever. He worked very hard to try to save my sons eye. He worked on weekends, evenings and even at night. Being the gentlest man ever, he was still able to coordinate care and get everything done in timely manner. Both us, parents and our son love him and are eternally gratefull for all he has done for us. 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	 Dr. Gaul and his staff really care about me not just as a patient but as a person.  They have treated my entire family for years and we trust them completely.  	5	3	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
52	0	.  Not up to date on procedures or therapies 	4	4	3	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
53	1	 I have been very impressed with the care I have been provided.  Dr. Gardner takes the time to explain my options, the expected results of each option, and his reccomendations.  He listens carefully, and documents everything. He is very knowledgeable and really cares about his patients.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
53	1	 Open honest and gives you the time you need to convey your problems, not a know it all but a good listner,rare disorder patient but he didn't try to make me think I didn't know my condition.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
53	1	.  Has been EXTREMELY helpful with an obscure condition - in spite of difficult patient! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
53	0	comments 	5	4	2	4	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	 I've seen Dr. Gaston on numerous occasions over the past five or six years for three separate foot problems. I have two family members who have also seen him on more than one occasion. All of us have been very pleased with our care. I would second the review that described office staff functioning below acceptable levels. Dr. Gaston, on the other hand, was more than satisfactory.  	2	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
57	-1	commentsGoing to this doctor was definitely a weird experience.  From the time he came into the room he behaved very strangly.  He insisted &quot;I'm no expert&quot; regarding my toenail turning color.  If your the specialist you are the expert! His nurse had told me earlier that my toenail turning white &quot;might be arthritis&quot;.  He didn't touch or examine my toe he just wanted to &quot;look at the pictures of it&quot; that his nurse had taken (not x-rays, just poloroids).  He didn't answer questions I had but went off on other topics that had nothing to do with why I was there.  I can't imagine having any trust in him treating my toe problem.  I will be getting a second opinion. 	2	4	2	1	Insurance:Unknown
57	-1	 If you are considering foot surgery, I would advise you to find a doctor who knows what he is doing. I have been left with chronic Lymphedema due to what should have been a routine bunionectomy. Lymphedma is a serious condition for which there is no cure. It has changed my life forever. Please do not make the mistake that I did.  	3	4	1	1	Insurance:Medicare
57	1	 I've seen Dr. Gaston for three separate conditions over the course of the past three or four years. My spouse and two members of my family have also consulted him. All of us are very satisfied with care we received from Dr. Gaston. The only negative was my last visit to his office; his receptionist took over 30 minutes to complete a task for me that should have taken 10 minutes at the most.  	2	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
57	-1	commentshad an operation on a heel spur, dr, cut the achilles tendon and did not give me a boot or assistive device.  with continue pain and inability to walk he just kept shooting me w/ steroids.  i have had difficulty walking since then and now have to have another surgery to correct the damage 	1	4	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
59	1	 Dr. Gaddy has replaced both of my knees - 5 years apart.  He and his staff are the BEST!  Dr. Gaddy listens and truly cares about his patients. I never feel rushed when meeting with him.  My outcome was excellent.  I truly trust him knowing that he will help me make the right decision for my situation.   His office is truly the best run medical office I have ever seen.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	1	 Very good doctor. Did a Carpol Tunnel on my arm. Great bedside assistance.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:MedicarePaid/Co-pay:$1500
59	1	 I had a knee replacement a few years ago and wanted to say he was a very kind helpful doctor I really am thankful I found the office was supposed to have Dr. Nye but he was retiring and sent me to Gaddy.   Very thankful I had him as my doctor he was great! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
59	-1	.  failed to diagnos shoulder impingement and sent me to unhelpful therapy 	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Aetna
59	1	commentsDr. Gaddy is the best orthopedic doctor I've ever been to. He listens carefully, explains everything, and answers all questions. Bedside manner is superb. You also get a human when calling, and the staff is delightful and efficient. Paid/Co-pay:$1250	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
61	-1	 I came to Dr. Gagnon's office to get my wisdom teeth removed. I was 23 at the time and my bottom wisdom teeth were growing sideways. My 2 top wisdom teeth were vertical so it was easy to removed those. Based on my x-rays, my extraction should have been easy. I was sedated through the whole process so it didn't hurt. When I came home, I found it weird that my lip felt numb after 5 hours post procedure. The next morning, it still felt numb on the left side. I called Dr. Gagnon's office and was told that it should go away. 2 days passed, and still my lower left  side of my mouth was still numb. I went in and Dr. Gagnon's partner cleaned the area.  He said it was an &quot;infection&quot;. I highly disagree!  Til this day, I regret going in to the office. I have litle sensation on the lower left of my mouth. I cannot feel the lower left of my gums, teeth, and lips and the left of my chin. When looking for someone to remove your wisdom teeth, please make sure they are not new and check background.  	1	2	3	1	Insurance:Aetna
61	1	commentsAwesome  dental surgeon. His staff is super friendly and helpful. Had 11 teeth pulled for dentures this morning. I would recommend him highly for your oral surgeries if needed.. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	commentsVery professional Dr. and staff!  I would highly recommend him. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	commentsHe was amazing! I just got 3 wisdom teeth pulled yesterday, he answered all of my questions, and kept me very calm. When he went to put the IV in my right arm, I told him that my right arm has very small veins so he listened and used my left arm. After all was done, he brought my mom &amp; boyfriend in and explained everything to them. He even pulled them for free since I no longer have insurance after my step-father passed away. I would recommend him to anyone! :) 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	.   	2	5	2	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
61	1	 Dr. Gagnon pulled my wisdom teeth and, a year or two later, did a tooth implant. Both procedures went very well, and I've had no complications. Dr. Gagnon can come across as an ass, but it's obvious that he takes his job very seriously and is a perfectionist. I highly recommend him for any periodontal surgery.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
61	1	 Dr. Gagnon removed my teenager's wisdom teeth.  He did an excellent job and I highly recommend him.  Before I scheduled the appointment, I emailed many people I know through our school district, asking them to recommend an oral surgeon for my daughter.  Dr. Gagnon received the most and highest recommendations.  Most of the people who emailed me back had used this doctor for their own teenager.  He did an excellent job on my daughter and she had absolutely no problems at all.....she healed up quickly and completely.  Dr. Gagnon's staff was wonderful.  His office was spotless and conveniently located.  Also, I was very impressed that Dr. Gagnon actually called me himself to check on my daughter after her surgery.  I know many people who have gone to him for this procedure and I highly recommend him and his staff.  Our insurance paid for all but a small amount of the surgery.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
61	-1	 The day before surgery to have an infected molar removed, his office called with insurance payment information. He was to remove it and prep for a bone implant 3-6 months away. I had a question about a charge/procedure. They had me speak to the DR. After questioning him as to what it involved it became clear that he had broken out 1 part of the procedure that I was already paying for in order to charge more. He became offended and refused to do the extraction. I'd waited close to 2 months to have this done. I had to wait another 6 weeks to get it done by another DR. He put my health in danger and was extremely unprofessional.  	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Aetna
67	1	 I started seeing Dr. Gale about a year after he started his practice in town and he has been great right from the start. He is smart, funny and willing to do whatever it takes to help you. If he doesn't know the answer, he will find someone who does. Dr. Gale is the best.His staff is friendly, helpful, and very nice.What I like most avout Dr. Gale is his willingness to LISTEN and work with a patient to find an answer.Dr. Gale is a pediatrician aand a reg. Dr. I'd give him a 10 if it was a choice ! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
68	-1	 MISDIAGNOSIS!!!!!  Dr. Galbraith prescribed an arch support and when that didn't help, he then prescribed an ankle brace.  Not only did these items cost me, they did not help and made the condition much worse.  I went to an orthopedic doctor and he stated that everything Dr. Galbraith prescribed was the absolute worst thing he could have done for my condition. After minor &amp; much less costly treatment by the Orthopedic doctor, I no longer have pain in my foot &amp; ankle.  DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME, MONEY OR HEALTH WITH DR.  GALBRAITH! 	2	4	1	1	Insurance:United Healthcare
70	-1	commentsI ordered a pair of glasses that I was told would be in, in a week. I was told my total would be $300. I told them I had $230 to put down, and they said that I could make payments on the rest. When I called to see if my glasses were ready they said yes but that I have to pay in full to take the glasses AND that the balance was $500. I told them that I would like a refund then, because I wasn't paying a half of a thousand dollars for one pair of glasses. This was on a Friday, and I was told that I would have to wait till one of the doctors came back from vacation on Monday. So now here I am with my old glasses falling off my face, and I can't even go somewhere else because I have to wait to see if I'm gonna get my money back. They are not honorable. They were not even going to give me a receipt for the $230 I put down, till I insisted they do. 	1	2	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
71	1	 &quot;Dr. Gadalla...takes the time to listen to his patients&quot;  &quot;Joining Concierge Medicine of Wichita was the best decision I could make for my busy lifestyle. Having access to Dr Gadalla 24 hours seven days a week is a priceless asset and as easy as emailing or calling him on his cell phone. More importantly, he is a fabulous Doctor and really takes time to listen to his patients. I would highly recommend CMW and Dr Gadalla for anyone who wants the best in life as well as the time to enjoy it&quot; .  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Coventry
71	1	commentsVery kind, knowledgable and capable. Diagnosed me right away after I was seen by several physicians before with no results,  helped my pain in a great real. Wrote off and refunded me what I paid after he know about my money shortage. Basically saw me 2 times for free. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
71	1	 Great doctor, actually scolded my wife, daughter, son and I for not taking good care of ourselves, took his time explaining everything to us, never tried to save a dollar of insurance at our expense. Wonderful personality... I highly recomend him.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
71	-1	 Very Dissatisfied. The nurses had to tell him how to do his job.  	5	4	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
73	1	 Previous comments couldn't be anymore wrong, this office is extremely clean, the staff is friendly and great, its nice getting a wet towel when I'm done with treatment because I would rather walk out with stuff off my face. As far as a treatment plan goes I like the fact that they take the time to go over what treatment needs to be done and give me options, I know what I am expected to pay. They even give courtesy calls. Never had a bad experience and I have been seeing Dr.galvin for 4 years. Dr. Garcia is awesome aswell.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Delta Dental
73	1	 Dr. Galvin does not take the time to talk with you. I thought she was just having a bad day the first time I met her.  I gave it another try.  She said even less the second time. That certainly does not make me feel comfortable.  If it wasn't for the large number of assistants, the office would come to a halt.   They work hard and they are GREAT! 	5	4	2	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
73	0	 Dr. Galvin is a good dentist but her office has become too &quot;posh&quot;.  I agree with the poster who reported that it is trying to be like a spa.  Discussion of treatment plans etc for your teeth - give me a break.  The final straw for me was going in to the office and the front staff telling me to check myself into their computer system.  As a physician myself I find it personally offensive to have a patient directed to a computer to register yourself and to input all your health information into a computer.  REALLY&#63;&#63;  How utterly impersonal and lazy as far as I am concerned.  She is a good dentist but her office and how its run leaves a lot to be desired.  	2	2	2	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
73	-1	 Dr. Galvin tries to make a spa out of her dental office with young girls running around with hot towels after procedures.. nothing wrong with hot towels, but the office is very strange. They should be more professional.  I had a crown put in in that office and Dr. Galvin did a terrible job fitting it and her lab messed it up (it didn't fit originally, but she still decided to cement it). I wish she was more honest.  Her personality also makes you very uncomfortable - she doesn't even talk to you.   Does that sound good to you&#63; 	1	5	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
73	-1	commentsthere are bugs in this office that you wouldn't believe! if they are that dirty, how can the work be good 	2	3	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
73	-1	commentsi'm sorry but i couldn't agree with the comments below :-( 		3	1	3	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	 Can't beat it! The environment is very clean and modern. The staff, as well as Dr.  Galvin, is friendly and fun! 		5	5	5	Insurance:Delta Dental
73	1	 Dr. Galvin is a wonderful dentist. The office looks great and is kept very clean. The staff are very friendly, too. It looks like a fun place to work, and you can tell by the attitude that everyone has. My hygenist took great care of my teeth, and I am definitely going back for future care in the years to come.  		5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
73	1	 If you are looking for a doctor who is a perfectionist, look no further than Dr. Galvin. My teeth are beautiful because of her, and she keeps them that way. She uses white fillings instead of silver, and she has ultra MODERN equipment to catch cavities early and minimize costs to her patients. She'll show you a huge photo of your cavitiy using a camera and TV screen before she ever does anything to fix it. Her staff is wonderful, too. It's an office of all women. They are completely organized and take wonderful care of their patiets in a brand new office facility. Dr.  Galvin is an A+ dentist!! 		5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
75	-1	 I would not recommend this doctor to anyone.  He was rude, abrupt and dismissive toward me.  I didn't do anything to deserve his behavior.  I asked the normal questions that any patient would inquire of his or her doctor and he became impatient and outright rude.  He must think that his walls are made of soundproof concrete, which they are not, because as I was waiting in my exam room, I overheard him treating another patient with similar rudeness.  I am amazed that this doctor has any patients at all. Do not give your money to this impolite and offensive little man.  Why should he profit off of this behavior.  Go elsewhere! There are plenty of other doctors out there.  Please follow my advice and seek out a doctor who cares and that would NOT be Dr. Galate.  	3	2	1	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
75	-1	 This obese, penguin walking, sad excuss for a doctor actually has created a bad reputation umong other doctors. He’s at risk for a heart attack and sounds angry when walking into the room, but it’s his uncontrolable breathing issues due to his size. He’s obviously calused and thinks everyone is against him because he’s terrible with helping people, instead he would rather send people to physical therapy so he doesn’t have to deal with them. Very military minded with this “drink water and stretch” mentality. If you enjoy being screamed at then this is a doctor for you. He dictated untrue statements on my records and prooved from day 1 that he was not concerned with my best interest in my healing process. My only regret is that I didn’t get away from this @$$hole sooner.  If you care about getting better, don’t waste your time on him, because he won’t waste his on you! 	2	3	1	1	Insurance:Workers Comp
75	1	.  Top Notch, no nonsense, great doc really listened to me 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
75	1	 He is great! Easy to talk to and just a real person. He gave me an injection in my low back and it was painless. I saw him about 10 years ago and he was just as good then.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
79	1	commentsVery caring dr. I got great results. Highly recommend gage chiropractic in derby ks 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	commentsBest adjustment I ever had. Kind and caring, very knowledgable Dr. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	commentsGreat service, personalized care.  Visit their website for more information.  www.gattidds.com 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	commentsVery professional staff.  Dr. Gatti is engaging, friendly and competent.  He is gentle dentistry personified.  Is current with professional standards and knowledge.  His office is comfortable and modern in design, with big windows. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
