dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	Very nice and easy to talk with.  Listened to my concerns.  Runs the office with his wife, very relaxing office.  Great at explaining and addressing my concerns.  He is like no other chiropractor I've been to.  I never felt as if he was too busy to answer questions.  A great doctor all around!  Thank you Dr.  Wasinger! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:BC Med
2	1	Dr Williams is amazing. I visited him through his functional med clinic. Contrary to other postings this is covered under your office visit copay as are most tests. He helped me tremendously  I had severe colon issues and he and  his team put me back together again. He is very busy bit is extremely knowledgable and will take the time to listen to you.  He is very compassionate just reserved 	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	-1	Dr. Williams is not as through as most doctors. When my toe was hurt I went to him and he told me to go home and soak it in water for 6 weeks and he would check it then. He never touched my toe. When I went to a different dr. I found out that it was broken.  	5	5	2	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
2	1	Dr. Williams is in tune with the times, and offers real help toward getting well rather than merely managing symptoms. Yes, he gets busy, but he will give you the time you need if you take a list and have your questions in order. He diagnosed me with celiac disease after I had spent eleven years suffering from &quot;IBS&quot;. His willingness to persevere made a huge difference in my life. He also accesses tests that are tremendously helpful yet out of the mainstream. I applaud his efforts to genuinely try to help patients amidst the mess which has become our current medical system.  	4	3	4	5 	Insurance:Aetna
2	1	I have seen Dr. Williams since 2001 and have had good and bad sessions. Like any dr. he can get too busy and not listen as well as he should...when that happens I just say &quot;LISTEN TO ME&quot;. But I find him a good &quot;in the middle&quot; doc that doesn't go so much by the book as to not see outside it and not so far into alternative to no longer be realistic. He does run the Functional Med Clinic at his practice and there is a charge for all the intial testing in that but when I was in that Clinic there was not a charge to &quot;join&quot; it. They do carry a line of supplements but he has always told me what I need, offered theirs and told me where I could get it elsewhere if I preferred. He would improve his service to patients by slowing down, reading the charts BEFORE entering the exam room and being a bit more sensitive himself to the more &quot;sensitive&quot; patient.  	 7/20/07	3	4	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	-1	This man was very rude and brisk! He gets mad if you tell him you are seeing other doctors, and wants to sell his expensive 800. 00 &quot; get well &quot;clinic and sell expensive supplements to you that do nothing! My wife left there in tears and said this was the rudest doctor she had ever met!!! 		3	1	1 	Insurance:Humana
3	1	A wonderful dr.  Helped through my pregnentcy I never had to wait!  She always explained everything going on what to expect and what she was doing! I am very happy and I have a happy healthy toddler 	5	5	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	I absolutely hate going to doctors but a few coworkers recommended going to her so I thought I would try it out. She was great.  She is my doctor and my 5 month old son's dr.  She also delivered him!  I would recommend her to everyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	-1	Went to this Dr. &amp; was hoping to get some help, but didn't. She tried to get me to let her take extra tests for things I didn't even need (I know this because another doctor told me that I didn't need it,& then helped me). Every time I have been to her, she doesn't seem to be &quot;up to date&quot; with some of the medical treatments offered now, so when I ask her about something, she says she hasn't heard of it. All I have ever gotten from her is a medical bill for nothing. If you have something simple, like flu etc. she is fine, but not good with anything complicated. For these types of things,I would suggest going to a doctor in a larger city where at least they might keep each other informed about newer procedures.  	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	i love dr winkler. she is the best dr, around. her nurse is the best! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	-1	I doubt I will ever return to this office.  They are not interested in their patients just in seeing how many times they can get you to come back sot they can charge you more.  	2	2	1	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
4	1	I think Dr. Winkler is very knowledgeable and am very pleased to have her as my primary care physician.  	2	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	I have seen Dr. Winkler on the Priority Care side of the practice, she has a good bedside manner, but I believe they are so busy, it makes it hard for her (and other doctors) to spend enough time with the patient.  	2	2	4	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
4	-1	I saw Dr. Winkler for standard yearly physical the past several years.  During the last visit I complained of several problems I was having.  I even told her that I thought something was wrong with my thyroid based on my research.  Bloodwork was normal and I was told it was just my age / hormones.  Fortunately I persisted and found another Dr. who ordered tests.  I had a palpable mass on my thyroid which turned out to be cancer.I was lucky, mine was caught early enough that I have a good prognosis.   If she had just listened and felt my neck she would have felt it.  Sometimes the bloodwork is not all you have to do.  	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
5	1	Jay Wedel is a very knowledgeable doctor. Or should I say P.A. since the doctor is Dr. Hall. But Dr. Wedel is always so helpful and caring and spends the time needed with each of his patients. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	Very knowledgeable. Helped me where other doctors could not. Did not prescibe me any unnecessary medication. Includes prayer in treatment if you want it. Highly recommended. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	-1	Very apathetic towards patient, at times very condescending. Not knowledgeable about many conditions. Prescribes unneeded medications. Not recommended.  		3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	In my opinion,Dr. Walton is amazing. I went to him a few years ago with ear problems and he resolved those issues immediately. What is amazing is that based on this exam he insisted I be checked for diabetes; something my family physician had not suggested even though I had given him several of the warning signs of diabetes. Well,I found out from the test I had Type 2 diabetes. Who would ever think that an ear exam could result in a pre-diagnosis for diabetes! I think this Dr. is truly amazing. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	I was fortunate to have Dr. Walton--he accurately diagnosed my thyroid cancer--I had no symptoms that I noticed.  He removed my entire thyroid, 1 night in the hospital, 2 weeks off of work.  I now feel wonderful and grateful that he saved my life.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
7	1	Dr. Walton placed ear tubes for both of my children and our lives changed significantly (for the better). He needs to work on his bedside manner, but he is a great surgeon.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
7	-1	My sister's thyroid was removed by Mr. Walton. She was bleeding and in pain after the surgery and he was no help. 		2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	Sometimes he's to quick with an answer. Needs to ask more questions about what you mean in order to understand purpose of question. Otherwise, he's a good doctor.  	 4/29/07		3	4	Insurance:Medicare
8	1	HE IS VERY CAREING,ALSO VERY KNOWLEDGEABLE,HE SPEND TIME GETTING TO KNOW YOU. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	-1	Rude, arrogent will never return to this doctor.  Treated me like a child. Treated me without respect.  Never been treated so badly by a doctor in my entire life.  	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Veterans Administration
10	1	Dr Willson is passionate about his work and treats you kindly and respectfully. Keeps his prices very fair. Extraordinary person, great stories. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	-1	She had a horrible bed side manner. Very rude and disrespectful. Didn't seem to even care about my issue. If a doctor is your doctor and you have medical concerns you should be able to express these concerns without being talked down to. A physician is medically responsible for you and it should not be taken lightly. 	2	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	I am so thrilled to have found Dr Wald!  He is so helpful and understanding.  My son has been struggling with his asthma lately and Dr Wald said everything I wanted to hear and reassured me that my son will have a better quality of life.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	-1	Dr. Jeffery Wald has no clue on how to treat patients- he is a pompous, stuck-up jerk who thinks he knows more than anyone else and guesses when it comes to diagnosing patient’s problems.  I didn’t get to choose my doctor and if I did, I would NOT have chosen Dr. Wald.  He misdiagnosis his patients and when they go to get a second opinion, WHICH IS NORMAL, he acts like a juvenile and sabotages their other appointments/tests from other doctors-WHICH HE HAD NO RIGHT TO DO.  He had a nurse do his dirty work of writing a letter to me- that I should never come back to make another appointment.  I didn’t expect Dr. Wald to act like an infant- his actions were less than satisfactory and not very professional.  I DO NOT SUGGEST Dr.  Wald TO ANYONE OR HIS PLACES OF EMPLOYMENT! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
13	1	 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	-1	She was rude, insulting the way my mother brought me up and was questioning why i would need birth control. I try to stay from insults but she was absolutely horrid. It took her over an hour past our scheduled time to get to me, and then she took my mother and me in at the same time. She made me feel very uncomfortable and asked questions that i didn't want to answer, and when I didn't she tried to make me feel bad by asking me if I had any discipline. I suggest that no one ever goes to her. Just all around a bad experience. 	2	1	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	I have doctored with Dr. Walker ever since he moved here.  He also delived all four of my children.  You couldn't ask for a BETTER doctor.  He really cares about you, just not as a patient but as a friend.  He really takes his time and answers all your questions. I would highly recommend him.  He has been WONDERFUL to my family.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	1	I have seen Dr. Walker for a number of years.  He has always been very good a diagnosing the problems and treatment of them.  He is very dedicated to his patients and always takes the time to answer questions.  If a specialist is needed he has does not hesitate to make a referral.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	1	Dr. Walker delivered both of my boys and did a wonderful job.  Both deliveries had complications and he handled them professionally with excellent outcomes.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	-1	He failed to inform me verbally that he was about to perform an episiotomy on me during delivery. I developed persistent pelvic pain, which he shrugged off as psychogenic (&quot;in my head&quot;). I switched to a female nurse practitioner in the area who is much more knowledgeable and willing to listen/make referrals to specialists. I have since met other people who do not doctor at this hospital for similar reasons.  	5	3	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	0	Practices old fashioned medicine.  Doesn't like to be called Paul by lowly patients. 	4	3	3	2 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	I tore my meniscus and required surgery. Two weeks after Dr. Wertzberger performed surgery, I was back to jogging. He is a terrific doctor and always follows up with his patients, even on his own time! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	Great staff, didn't have to wait long. Was very pleased with the end results and the doc explained in detail the outline of treatment for me. He doesn't have much  of a overly friendly attitude but he is very professional and knows what he's talking about. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	I am a severe asthmatic and have been to many allergists. Dr. Ward is the very best of them all. In 6 months, my asthma has improved dramatically since implementing his treatment plan. I cannot say enough good things about him, his expertise, kindness and compassion. The staff at KC Allergy in Independence, including the receptionist and Rhonda, the allergy injection nurse as well as Dr. Ward's nurse, are fabulous. Very kind and caring. I wholeheartedly recommend this doctor and staff to anyone who suffers from severe asthma and allergies.  They have worked a real miracle in my life! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
19	-1	The problem with this rheumy is that she will only see you 2 or 3 times a year!  She has too large of a patient load and you are generally seeing the physician's assistant. I thought she was rude and when I ask her direct questions she never answers. 	4	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
19	-1	Although she has a moderately pleasant bedside manner, she wasted my time when I could have been getting treatment that actually helped. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	Dr. Weaver is the best overall GP i have ever seen.  She is very caring, patient, knowledgeable and works through all your problems without jumping to conclusions or just writing a script.  Her nurse Cheryl is the best at assisting with patient issues.  See this doctor for sure.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
20	1	I am a registered nurse and am very impressed by  dr Weavers caring manner, patience in listening and getting all of the information, smart judgment and persrtance in getting to the appropriate diagnosis.  She has helped mr a great deal.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
20	1	Dr. Weaver was recommended to me by a friend, and I was not disappointed! My teenage daughter and I both go to her.  She is a good listener and is (in my opinion) a very balanced physician - responding to concerns but not overreacting. She is both knowledgeable and caring.  	4	4	5	4 	Insurance:Aetna
21	-1	rude, unkind, doubting... i was totally blown away when she told me that i was the only patient that a service did not help.  each visit has been this way 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
22	-1	I was referred to this man because he is supposed to be a neuro ophthamologist.  He doesn't know anything about either one.  I have optic neuritis and pain in my eyes very often.  He seemed to think that the only issue I had was dry eyes and said that I didn't even need glasses.  Neither of those were true and both findings were found to be false when evalutated by another opthamologist.  I can't see without my bifocals.  I use NSAID eye drops for my eye pain and bifocals.  He is the rudest physician I have ever had.  	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
22	-1	This man is very condescending. I had to drag information out of him. Tho I stated I was not there for a regular eye appt, all he wanted to do was get my glasses scrip figured out. I handed off 2 diff scrips of glasses and the ones I wear least were the only ones tested. He didn't seem to have any knowledge about neuro opthamology. He suggested I may have eye chlamydia, then was reluctant to swab my eyes to test for it, even using scare tactics by saying that it'd mean scraping my eye. Tried to get me to have my PCP do it, but I said &quot;you can do it here/now, though...so I want it done now.&quot; He got another guy to do the swab and that person was kind and I asked him the same questions I asked Dr. W and actually got advice about what to do for my chronic conjunctivitis Dr. W just told me I had. If you need to see a neuro opthamologist and get referred to this doctor don't bother scheduling the appointment. See someone else.  	5	5	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
23	1	Very detail oriented, really listened to my problem and found a solution.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
24	1	Dr. Whitley is the only doctor I know that will take patients as early as 7:30 a.m. almost every day. We first started going to him with our son's weeping exzema and my daughter's acne. He was wonderful with them. Even years ago, he was advocating the use of sun protection clothing before it was in vogue. I came back years later with a suspicious spot on my forehead. It turned out to be nothing (a wart), but Dr. Whiltey noticed a slight change in the skin near my nose. That turned out to be skin cancer! Thank you Dr. Whitley for noticing something that I did not even see!!! For bedside manners, patience, educating clients, you could not ask for a better doctor.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
24	-1	I'm very unhappy with this doctor. I  made an appointment and was charged a co-pay for a 10 minute office visit, only to be told I have to make yet another appointment and pay for a second office visit just to have moles removed for a biopsy. I don't feel this is right, as I've had the same procedure done elsewhere in a single office visit.  	2	2	1	2 	Insurance:Aetna
24	1	Very helpful and sweet. A great doctor to visit.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
24	0	No longer accepts Blue Cross.  Extremely difficult.  Office hours also hard to work around.  	2	2	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	1	Very impressed with Dr. Whitley. He is older so I thought he would not be up to date on the latest procedures but he does appear to regularly attend courses and conferences. I went in for sun damage consultation. Left with sample Tri-luma & rx for same. He educated me about the superficial fungal infection, not sun damage, which was on my shins. He offered allergy testing due to my cosmetic sensitivity he picked up on during our conversation about my history. Finally, when checking for sun damage, noticed the acne on my back, took a history about it, educated me on why it was so difficult to get rid of. He offered an Rx, if I wanted to try to eliminate it. I had given up but, newly informed about back acne and confident this doctor cared about the outcome, I'm going give it another shot.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
25	1	Great doctor. Very nice bedside manner and attitude. I highly recommend Dr. Wendt. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	-1	. misdiagnosed shoulder impingement, did not find 	1	3	1	2 	Insurance:Aetna
25	1	Hip replacement on me and several others I know, all with excellent results.  I would highly recommend. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	Dr. Wientzen takes the time to listen to you, he is caring and professional and knows what he's talking about.  He's thorough.  He's been my dr. since he was at Humana.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	1	Dr. Wientzen was not only thorough in his exam but also found a condition that could have caused serious health problems.  His staff is courteous and attentive and my wait time was minimal.   Very well run 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
27	1	They are very caring, he takes his time with you, shows ways/exercises to eliminate return visits, he really helped/cured my frozen sholder that I had struggled with for many painful months. He believes in the power of prayer. He is very good at medical, chiropractic and nutritional care. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	. Is very personable, very knowledgeable, takes time with his patients, thoroughly explains and answers all questions 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	-1	Three days after my initial call, this office had not called back to answer a question about treatment of my condition. Eight days after my first call I still had not gotten an answer. I made a third call and was finally told that he probably wouldn't treat me as he doesn't treat Chronic Pain. Why the freak didn't someone tell me that the first time I called&#63; 	 3/10/09	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
28	-1	I could never get Dr Witcher to actually do anything. All he did is talk about sailboats and eat hard candy. He'd promise to do the paperwork by the next meeting, but he never did. He just stalled through the entire sessions. Complete waste of time. 	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	This Dr. is amazingly knowledgable on medications and is very careful to watch for any reactions or conflicts.  Be sure to tell him any thing different, he will know why and what to do. Staff is very nice. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	This is the first doctor I have seen who listened to me and took poactive steps to find a solution.  There was a problem found with an MRI and he/his staff scheduled an appointment with a neurologist for me.  He also made the choice to treat the biggest health issue first and worry about lesser problems after this is resolved.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
30	1	Dr. Weintz is a very knowledgeable and motivated doctor.  He cares a great deal about his patients and is willing to explain things which I appreciate.  A+ doctor!! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	Truly knowledgable and an effective communicator, who listens well also.  I feel he is a jewel of a cardiologist who is sensitive of applying his knowledge to help you to have a good outcome. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	Helpful, friendly, and explained things so I could understand them.  He has a very kind demeanor.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	1	I saw Dr. Kent during 3 pregnancies. He has a wonderful beside manner and cares about each and every one of his patients. I wish that he was a general practioner so I didn't have to get pregnant to see him. :) I would recommend him to anyone. By far the best Dr i have ever found.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
32	1	Dr. Kent Winblad was the best doctor i have ever went to. one time, i went in there with an issue not even what he specializes in and he sat down with me for probably 1 hour and talked to me, calmed me down, and made sure that when i walked out of that doctors office that i was walking out with a smile. Thank you Dr.  Kent 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unicare
32	1	I went to Dr. Winblad with my first pregnancy. It was such a wonderful experience. He has a wonderful bedside manor, and is extremely thorough and competent. I wish I could use him as my primary physician.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	1	. excellent care, and I am in heaalthcare also 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	1	Love, love, love Jeane! She delivered both my kids and is absolutely fantastic. I refer all my friends to the midwives at Women's Care. They listen to you, and care about your pregnancy (and gynecological health). 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	. Wonderful!! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
35	-1	The Doctor will spend only one min with you and is not detailed. He stated to me that he has a lot of patients and does not have enough time to spend with all of them.I have never had such poor service in my life. Very Very disappointed!!My diagnoses is MS. 	2	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
35	-1	Very late for appointment, had office staff make up lies to cover. Had testing done for who knows what was seen for headaches.Dr had terrible body odor, clothes looked as though they were slept in. DO NOT RECOMMEND 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	Dr. Wetzel is the most caring doc I have ever had. He listens thoroughly and is careful to ask good questions. Excellent communicator. He never makes me feel rushed and always takes time to do a complete exam when I am ill. He respectfully reminds me of preventative care and never uses technical language that might confuse me. He's what a good doctor should be.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
37	1	Great Doc!  Took his time with me and seemed to really care and listen.  I will be taking my kids into him for their annual check up as well. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	Very skilled and pleasant Dr. He is really good with kids.  I would highly recommend him. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	Takes the time to visit about your health concerns 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	 	2	4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	Very personable.Her staff always follows up. I was very lucky to find her as I just picked her name out of the phone book.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
41	1	Dr. Weaver is so friendly and makes her patients feel at ease. I was in and out of the office within 40 minutes versus 2 hours at my previous doctor's office. She was gentle and also much faster than my previous doctor. She gave me some helpful advice and was willing to answer any questions I had. I would recommend Dr. Weaver to anyone and everyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
42	1	Great doctor!  He is very knowledgeble and helpful.  He has treated my whole family for many years, and now he's is treating my two daughters.   He has really helped our ailments! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
42	1	. The very best! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	1	I am an overweight woman with considerable health issues.  Dr. Whitlow is my biggest advocate, he listens to what I have to say, allows me to have input in my treatment, and is very thorough.  This man is a breath of fresh air after so many years of feeling doctors look at me and think because I am overweight, female, and poor that I deserve the problems I have.  He has always treated me with the utmost respect and spends more time with me than any other doctor I have ever seen.. and I have seen plenty! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
43	-1	This man has no interest in listening to a patient because they haven't been to medical school and can't possibly know something is wrong with them. I was a patient for 4-5 years until he misdiagnosed my chest pain as anxiety instead of the life threatening pulmonary blood clot I had. Even after my hospital stay, I followed up with him, but he still would not listen to anything I had to say and kept telling me it was all in my head. I wouldn't recommend him to anyone.  	2	2	2	1 	Insurance:Humana
43	1	has been my doctor for years, I switched to him after being unsatisifed with my prior three doctors. very knowledgeable.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	-1	Dr. Whitlow misdiagnosed my father. My father saw him for over 8 years with complaints of headache, dizziness, numbness. He did blood tests and did put him on cholesterol medicine. However, not once did he do a caratid duplex of the neck or other tests to check the caratid artery. My father had repeatedly gone to him over the past two years over and over. Unfortunately my dad did seek out specialists but the wrong ones. My father had 99.3% blockage in his right caratid artery and none on the other. Had a simple ultrasound of the artery (Caratid duplex) had been done he might still be alive. It was not until he had a TIA and then two other strokes repeated within two days that killed him. Dr. Whitlow also told the ER to send him to the ICU for observation and then said he would come the next day to start tests. After he was sent to ICU he had another stroke 3 hrs later. Thankfully he was life flighted to St Lukes on the Plaza and they were great but it was to late.  	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	-1	A long time ago I hurt my ankle pretty bad. When I went to him it was also for a sports physical. He had an intern look at my ankle. When he was one with my physical he briefly looked at the ankle and went off what the intern said, a sprain. 3 weeks later after using his course of treatment it was still bothering me. I go back to him and he sends me to physical therapy for 3 weeks. First 2 weeks are good but the third it got worse. I go back, he doesn't know whats going on. He then sends me to an orthpedic specialist. The specialist took a brief history then immediately said he was going to do a stress x-ray. It showed that I had torn several ligaments and tendons in my ankle. This injury happened in October, it didn't get solved till February. He trusted an intern, and misdiagnosed me. My ankle has never been the same. I refuse to go to him anymore unless I have no other choice. 	3	2	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
43	-1	Dr Whitlow misdiagnosed my symptoms.  He recommened the wrong type of specialist for me and seemed to not have much empathy for me as a patient.  I was under quite a bit of pain, but he didn't seem to care.  	5	5	2	2 	Insurance:Coventry
43	0	Went to Dr Whitlow for several years. He could not find cause of my problem. Said there was nothing more he could do for me. I changed doctors and within first tests found I was Type 2 Diabetic. Recently I see in our local paper he is giving a seminar on Type 2 diabetes. 	4	4	4	1 	Insurance:Unknown
43	-1	. He has a definite unfavorable attitude towards women 	1	3	1	3 	Insurance:Humana
44	-1	Very rude and arrogant. Treats you like you don't have a clue. Doesn't let you explain the symptoms/reasons why you made an appt in the first place. Even said to me &quot;let's fast forward this conversation to today&quot; when trying to explain when/how this illness started!! She missed a major blood test result that cost me months of being ill. Then she completely blew off test results that indicated further test were needed or at least a specialist that could read the results and make that decision. A yr later I found out I did need surgery for this but only after two other specialist  questioned my condition and told me to get it taken care of. I am changing doctors and will not see this doctor again. It's too bad because overall the office is nice and her staff seems to be friendly. It amazes me that someone in this profession can be so unconcerned for her patient's health and well being. My advice would be to look elsewhere for a doctor. 	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
44	-1	Dr. Ward dresses in professional clothing every day &amp; her father was a doctor as well. My mother, me &amp; a friend saw her for care - but we all switched to another doctor in practice.  Doctors will either be &quot;down to earth&quot; or they will be &quot;respect me, don't question me because I am the doctor&quot; mentality - and she is the later. She does speak in a condescending tone &amp; overall makes you feel like she's &quot;better&quot; than you. Once, she wrote me a prescription for Diflucan, and I said &quot;I am going to need 2 pills&quot; and her response was &quot;Well, who's the doctor here&#63;&quot;  Then I switched doctors. 	4	4	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
44	-1	Even though she's the one who confirmed my  pregnancy, she seemed to have no recollection of any pregnancy at the next visit.  When I complained of hip pain, she listened to my breathing and took my blood pressure, did not look at the hip AT ALL.  Told me &quot;Tylenol and a heating pad&quot; as if I've never heard of these.    She is very rude and condescending, when she confirmed my second pregnancy, her exact words were &quot;well maybe next time we'll think about using birth control.&quot;  The number of children in my family is none of her business, so where does she get off judging her patients like this&#63;   Plus after my hip pain appt.  she neglected to knock on the door and just barged in the room when I was changing. She seemed oblivious to the fact that I have no idea who is coming in when I'm on the other side of a SOLID door.   I am very excited to set up an appointment with a doctor outside of her practice.  She is incredibly rude and unprofessional. Save your money and find another doctor.  	3	4	1	2 	Insurance:Aetna
44	-1	Rude and acts like you are bothering her if you ask questions. She responds as if you wont understand.  I also found her condesending.  I changed practices due to her, called and complained to administration and was brushed off.  No compassion or true caring from this woman.  	4	2	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	-1	Dr.Ward is condecending and judgemental. She seems more concerned with superficial problems than what you have come to see her for. Her treatment is lax and leaves your problems unresolved. She gives you a poor sense of self and makes you fell worse when you leave that you did when you came in. 	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	Dr. Winburn is an amazing pediatrician. We moved 45 minutes from her office and still continue to take our 4 year old daughter there and will use her for baby #2. Her professionalism and care is amazing and you always leave feeling taken care of and informed on what is next. She listens to all of your concerns and addresses each one carefully.  What an amazing dr we found in her! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	1	We are VERY happy with Dr. Winburn's knowledge and care she provides our daughter.  Our daughter has a form of autism and older than the typical patient...but Dr. Winburn has never asked us to move out of her care.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
45	1	We just love her.  Always knowledgeable, gives us great information. Personable and adores my girls. Love the fact she got into medicine because of her sick son. Great attitude and smiles all the time.  Just an overable wonderful dr and human being 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
45	1	Dr.Winburn cared for my daughter the last two years. She visited us at the hospital when my daughter was born and she gave me the most valuable information on how to care for my daughter. During subsequent well child check up, she would give me important informations on how to care and what to expect on my child's development. She is really knowleagable. She doesn't wait for you to ask her questions like other doctors do, she always gives out what you must know about caring for your child. More over she is very polite and loving towards my child.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
45	1	Dr Winburn has been seeing my son for 8 years.  She is an excellent doctor.  I won't see any other doctor.   She is fantastic 	 5/6/10	4	4	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	-1	She is in it for the money and the money only.  She does not truly care. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	Dr. Windburn is amazing.  The office and billing staff are horrible though.  I also don't care for the nurse practitioner, a little condescending. But I will keep going as she is great with the kids and always remembers their histories.  	2	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	1	Dr. Winburn is excellent.  She has hundreds of patients I'm sure but she always remembers my boys by name and what they are in to.  She is extremely knowledgable and very kid oriented.  I would and have recommended her to everyone I know.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
45	1	Dr. Winburn is excellent with my children.  This is the first doctor I trust.  If only I could find a doctor for myself with Winburn's attitude and concern.  Most doctors just go through the motions....Dr. Winburn cares about her patients and it shows. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	I love this office and Mrs. Webb is wonderful! (: I love the staff. They are always so cheerful and make you feel welcomed. Dr. Webb is such an intelligent man and very helpful. I can always depend on this office.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
46	1	I loved the experiences that I have had with Dr. Webb and his office.  I have moved over 2 hours away and still would go to him if it wasn't for the distance.  He helped us with some difficult dx. I would recommend him to anyone.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
46	1	I no longer live in the Junction City area, but we had Dr. Webb as our family physician while we were there.  He was always knowledgable, helpful, and kind to my family.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
46	0	Dr. Webb is a decent doc, but I left his office because of his staff, mainly his wife, who runs the office. She is rude, treats patients horribly, at one point telling me I could leave and go to the ER if I wasn't happy with her attitude. (This was before I knew it was his wife) After switching, I mentioned to the nurse in my new dr's office why I had left, and she told me she worked there (same building) and that many nurses left because of the treatment by Mrs. Webb. So, while Dr. Webb is pretty ok as a physician, you have to deal with his wife as much as him personally, and she doesn't care who she drives out of the practice.  	1	3	3	3 	Insurance:CIGNA
47	1	Amazing staff!  Courteous, friendly, made me laugh!  Dr.  Weaver is great!  Helpful and looking forward to my treatment! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
48	1	This doctor has been able to figure what's wrong with me and my grandmother when no one else could. 	4	5	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	He will work with you until you are done.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	1	Dr. Watts is absolutely wonderful.  He is very personalable, and very accomadating.  He personally called us back on some problems we were having and not his nurse.   We loved him:) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	1	. very helpful and knowledgeable 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
50	1	My insurance (VSP) isn't listed. I picked Dr. Phil Walters because he takes my vision insurance but I would highly recommend him to anyone, with or without insurance.  I was in and out in a less than an hour, even as a new patient, but didn't feel rushed at all.  Dr. Walters was thorough and competent and very personable. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
51	-1	.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
51	0	.  	2	5	3	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
51	-1	did not help my pain and i'm still having alot of pain. he doesn't say much and doesn't explain what he is doing or why and what to expect with the out come.  	2	2	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
51	-1	was supposed to do a consult on neck and back problems, would only look at back, brought CT scans, nurse and PA said they needed xray, dr. comes in and want MRI did not talk about neck or back problem, waste of time and copay. 	1	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
51	-1	Dr. Whitaker did my spinal fusion after receving a letter from my insurance company a week before surgery that said they would not pay for it.  This has left me owing $100,000 for a surgery that did not help me one bit, only made the pain worse.  And when I told them I did not have the money to pay his portion of the bill they refused to see me anymore.  So no more check-ups and never even started physical therapy.  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Aetna
51	1	I feel very much at ease with him and his knowledge of back problems 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
51	0	Dr. Whitaker did a excellent job on my pinched spinal chord ! Only problem is the staff does not have any type of urgency when it comes to re-filling pain meds ..i have ran out twice and it took my family dr to get me pain pills this time since the on call dr. said they dont write perscriptions on weekends..HUH...which i will never understand why not...then I have been trying all week to get the staff to fax my progress report to my job and short term disability office before they cut off my disability checks ...they think im due back to work july 26th..when I haven't even started physical theropy yet, I cant even drive a car yet ..Dr Whitaker staff needs to get some fire under there behind and help there patients out better.. PLEASE HELP !! 	1	1	1	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
51	1	Dr. Camden Whitaker is an excellent orthopedic surgeon who specializes in spine surgery. He has performed two very successful lower back surgeries on me, and is always very communicative in answering my questions. He is extremely skilled at what he does. His staff has always given me courteous and pleasant greetings and help every single time I've been to see Dr. Whitaker. Perhaps they are responding in kind to their clients&#63; I get in to see Dr. Whitaker in a few minutes after my arrival at the Kansas Joint and Spine Clinic. The nurses  and the PA's are so friendly and kind to me. I would trust Dr. Whitaker with any spine surgery I would ever need. I highly recommmend this doctor to anyone who needs spine surgery. He has fixed some difficult problems in my spine, and I feel he has the skill and knowledge and the right bedside manner for a good surgeon/patient relationship.  	 2/6/10	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
51	-1	Can't even imagine scheduling an operation with this Dr. just from the treatment from the staff.  I won't support bad manners and hateful people.  Also you have to pay $10. a page for any paper work you need not to mention that you must get a procedure done before they will even consider filling out paperwork.  FMLA, and diagnosis.  After reading other reviews I figure that I'm not being to sensitive, they really are a bunch of jerks that work there.  Dr. Whitaker seemed very nice but very vague except I needed to have the other test from another Dr. and I needed two disc replaced.  Hard to get answers. Impossible to get paper work completed and like I said very hateful staff you have to deal with.  (Robin) 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
51	-1	Dr. Whittaker acted as though I was totally unworthy of his time when I asked questions. I had a 360 fusion of my lower back which was an 11 hour operation. I knew recovery would take 12-18 months, so I had many concerns and questions. Prior to the surgery he simply didnt answer questions. After the surgery when I asked questions and had concerns, I was told to ask my therapist and then he left the room. This guy may have surgical skill, but when it comes to discussing your surgery or post surgical concerns, it appears he couldnt care less about you as long as he gets paid.  	2	1	1	2 	Insurance:Veterans Administration
51	-1	I HAVE BEEN TO THE CLINIC SEVERAL TIMES AND THE STAFF HAS TREATED LIKE DOG CRAP EACH TIME. LAST WEEK THEY TOLD ME THEY WON'T FILL OUT MY INSURANCE FORMS UNLESS I PAY THEM $10 A PAGE IN ADVANCE AND THEY WON'T BILL FOR IT. I AM SUPPOST TO GET A FUSION OP WITH WITAKER. WHEN I ASKED HIM FOR PAIN MED HE SAID HE DOESN'T WANT TO PRESCRIBE ANY FORM OF NARCOTIC FOR PAIN. MEAN WHILE THE ANTI INFLAMATORS I'M ON HAVE MELTED MY STOMACK LINING ENOUGH THAT THE ENDO DOC MADE ME STOP TAKING ANY ANTI INFLAMATORY.  WHITAKER ALREADY SAID HE WOULD NOT PRESCRIB ANY DRUGS FOR PAIN. I JUST DON'T THINK HE CARES ABOUT PATIENT PAIN AND IS MORE CONCERNED ABOUT HIS OWN INTRESTS. I THINK I'M GOING TO CANCEL MY OP WITH THESE GUYS.  I JUST CAN'T SEE MYSELF LAYING IN BED IF SOMETHING WENT WRONG AND BEGGING FOR PAIN MEDS. I NEED AN OPERATION, A SERIOUS ONE AND I WOULD LIKE TO FEAL THAT I AM IN THE WATCHFUL CARE OF SOMEONE THAT IS GOING TO REALY GO TO BAT FOR ME WHEN I'M HURTING.  I DON'T GET THAT FEELING.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Tricare
51	-1	He did surgery without checking to make double sure this was the right thing 100%. He just knew the surgery would help 100%. Made me feel stupid that I was having pain after surgery and refused to help. Had to get a new Dr to find out why I was still in so much pain. The Fusion did not take, and the new Dr found alot of nerve damage that Whitaker missed and would not even believe there was still a problem.  	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Coventry
52	1	. Amazing doctor!! He removed my appendix and made sure I understood everything I needed to do after surgery! He was great! :) - 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
53	1	Wiley was my obgyn for years when I lived in KC. I just thought the world of him. So sweet... and always made me feel so comfortable and at ease.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
54	1	Very good bedside manner, answers all questions and discusses options, as well as explains everything clearly.  Has seen my entire family when other Dr's were not available, now she is the PCP for both me and my husband.  Our children see the pediatrician in the same office. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	Excellent listener.  Gives patient a sense of best possible care. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	Dr Winklhofer is a leader in his field which is very reassuring to me as a patient.  He is also very easy to talk with and has an excellent manner with his patients. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	He is a great doctor!  He knows his business and is up to date on information.  Very willing to work with you as an individual.  Does not force treatment when making adjustments.  Is concerned about his patients as a whole person and not just another paying customer.  He is easy to talk with.  I would highly recommend him to anyone needing chiropractic.  He is the 3rd chiropractor I have ever been to, and I wish he would have been the first one I had seen.  His treatments are gentle and he knows when he has reached your limit.  He has done wonders to help me with my pain and headaches without needing to take drugs!!  Finally a doctor that does not believe drugs are the ultimate cure for everything.  He is good about telling you what a certain drug can do to you and provides you with up to date information. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	Dr Weins is AWESOME!! Really seems to care about his patients &amp; takes the time to listen to all your questions &amp; concerns.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
57	1	Dr. Weins is very thorough and he listens very attentively.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
58	-1	The office is dirty and shabby, the receptionist has rotted teeth, and the appointments are always running an hour late. He prescribed a deadly medication combination for me and then tried to dump me on another Dr. He also stopped strong pain meds w/o weaning me off of them knowing that I am an elderly woman with high blood pressure. His wife is his nursse and the one bright spot in the practice but he fights with her in front of patients.  Be very wary of him. He is not professional.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
58	-1	Please do not go to this person it is not worth the hassel one app. he is in agreement with your condition and treatment and the next app.  he is accuseing you of being an addict with nothing wrong with you and stopping your meds 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
58	-1	He is not thorough in his records. He does not care whether his patient will suffer if treatment is stopped. 	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
59	-1	. Was a very caring doctor when i first started going to him,something has changed him for the worse now,please bring back the old dr windholz, there is more to my store but i wont go into it! 	4	3	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	-1	Was very caring earlier in his practice, but not any longer. 	5	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
59	1	He's been our family physician for eighteen years and is always helpful and listens to whatever is wrong with us. 	5	5	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
59	1	Dr. Windholz has been our family doctor for over 20 years. My wife and I have four daughters, so we have had many instances to use him as they grew from toddlers to adults. He is fantastic in every way. He carefully considers symptoms and recommends the most sensible solution by taking it a step at a time. Many times, he can solve the problem over the phone without forcing you to come in to see him. He has never been wrong and his demeanor with patients is spectacular in every way. He is very intelligent from a medical standpoint and appears to keep up on the latest technologies and medical information. The best general practitioner I know. He is also held in very high regard by specialists and other doctors. My brother is an anesthesiologist and knows who all the good specialists are in Wichita and invariably, when I ask him who is the best for a specific need, it turns out that that is who Windholz ended up sending us to.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	1	Through his &quot;right hand&quot; nurse, Noni, who has been with him since he began his practice years ago, he is very attainable. Patient visits are comfortable, relaxed, and he listens well before answering or suggesting. Doctor and staff are kind and considerate. When I contracted Hepatitis A, we were out of town and my husband rushed me to a hospital because I was extremely weak and my complexion and eyes were turning yellow-orange. The Immediate Care Physician said he believed I just had the flu. Fred called Dr. Windholz, who saw me at his office the next morning and he recognized I was in trouble. I feel confident of his ability to see me through whatever comes.  		5	5	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
60	-1	 	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	After suffering for 2 1/2 years with, what I didn't know at the time were migraines, as a last resort I made an appointment with Dr Warner. He knew right away what was causing those headaches. My condition had to be treated over several weeks and when the treatments were finished I was amazed at the difference! Its been 6 years and I've never had those headaches again! Dr Warner improved my quality of life and he is my first call now when my body feels out of sorts instead of the last resort! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
61	-1	Dr. gives fair treatment but the staff is extremely snooty and insincere.  I will choose to spend my money elsewhere. 	1	4	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	Dr.Warner adjusted both my sons when they had back problems and were at college far from their normal doctor.  He even came in early and worked around my son's class schedule.  We were also very impressed with their staff's concern and caring attitude.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
61	1	Makes the adjustment, gives helpful advice, doesn't try to rope you into unnecessary continued treatment commitments. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	Very nice and amazing doctor.  He is very patient and kind and helps out a lot in explaining things and takes the time to look up and research any concerns.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
63	-1	. Very Perfunctory, no true communication with patients, 	 7/25/08	4	3	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	-1	This doctor is pathetic and making a mockery of our OHIP system.  He diagnosed a blood clot in my foot and recommended I get surgery but then told me he was too busy and referred me to another doctor who has not called me back after 3 messages left.  I called Dr. West who now refuses to give me another &quot;actual&quot; referral and has the gall to tell me to go back to my family doctor, who now wants me to make yet another appt. on the taxpayer's dime to get another referral.  Pathetic way to do medicine, especially given the danger to my life if the clot should break free and travel to a vital organ.  He should retire from medicine immediately. 	1	3	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	Got me through some tough days,diagnosed my rare disorder with top clinical skills,knowledge,and comforting bedside manner.Would reccommend him highly.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
64	1	Very knowledgeable.  Doesn't joke around. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	He is a very caring considerate Dr. He listens carefully and answers all your questions.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
66	1	Before we moved from Kansas, my daughter has seen Dr. Walker more than two years (from age 4 to 6) . Dr. W was very kind and knowledgeable. Excellent office staff and service. My daughter loves to go to his office. Highly recommended.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
67	1	Dr. Willingham is a compassionate and dedicated doctor.  She literally saved my husband's life when he was misdiagnosed by another physician.  I encouraged my husband to get a second opinion with Dr. Willingham, who immediately recognized the severity of his condition and had him admitted to the hospital within hours where he was successfully treated.  My husband and I feel blessed to have her as our doctor and will always be grateful to her! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	0	She is good at what she does but her staff is unreliable. 	2	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
68	-1	Check into pending lawsuits, an accident only happens once. 	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
68	-1	The staff is kind of disorganized. They never called to tell me my appointment had been cancelled and I live a little far from the office. The dr. herself had me go through many invasive procedures and still did not correct the problem or let me know what I needed to do to correct the problem. Instead of telling me if I could have children or not rather coldly told me &quot;there is always adoption&quot; Very disappointed and have not been back since.  	2	4	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	1	Dr. Wilson was not my scheduled Dr. but she delivered my son.  My son was breech but we did not know until I was already pushing.  Dr. Wilson let me do what I felt I needed to do while pushing.  She never told me to quit screaming - she just let me do what I needed.  She was very calm and I felt like it was really MY delivery.  I have since switched so she is my official doctor now.  	3	3	4	4 	Insurance:Humana
68	1	Dr. Wilson really knows her stuff.  We went there looking for answers about our infertility.  She was so happy to help, very thorough, very compassionate, informative.  If you're looking for some stats she's there to give them to you.  We're not preg yet but she's really helping to get us there.  Her staff can be a bit snippy.  I have found that there is one nurse especially this way.  I have to pull answers out of her.  I will be talking to Dr Wilson about this on my next visit.  No nurse should be that way.  	3	4	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	1	Doctor was fine...didn't care for staff...very pushy 	1	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
69	-1	.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Assurant
70	1	Took my baby to the Mcpherson hospital where Dr. Watson was on duty. I found him to be very well manner, informative, and he was very patient with my daughter.  	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
70	1	Best doctor to ever exist, this man should teach others what bedside manner is.  A shame he no longer has his own practice, no doctor will ever live up to Dr. Watson in my opinion! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
71	1	Had a lot of work done, dental bridges, crowns, fixed all front teeth, etc. I am a geological engineer so I may be using wrong terms but had been unwilling to smile and unable to eat most foods but now I can do both. Pain was much less than I had anticipated.  The Dentist has 30 some years of experience which was apparent in his good work.  Nice office and staff.  His wife runs the office and keeps the staff in line and working hard and fast.  Setting up appointments were easy and no long waits.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
72	-1	.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
73	1	Dr. Widnell operates the Wichita Parkinson's Center.  She has taken very good care of me. Gives very thorough evaluations and exams.  Spends time with each patient getting to know them and their needs.  Went so far as to program my cell phone alarms so I would be sure to take my meds when needed.  Incredibly knowledgeable about Parkinsons'.  Recognized when drugs prescribed by others were causing bad side effects, and changed them as needed.  I would  recommend her to anyone suffering from the effects of Parkinsons'.  	 7/10/09	5	4	5	Insurance:Humana
74	1	Dr Whiddon is nice enough and always willing to answer any of your questions, but he is way to nonchalant for me. I had Braxton Hicks all the time with my second pregnancy and he would never check my cervix. He said it was normal. My water ended up breaking at 29 weeks and my child was born at 31. Now I'm pregnant with #3 and he said we wont be taking any precautions to prevent preterm labor-it was just a fluke. Got a second opinion and they will be administering 17p progesterone shots and biweekly cervical length checks. Better safe than sorry. And I couldn't agree more about the staff being rude. Front desk and phone is the worst ever and I can always hear his nurse talking bad about other patients. I heard the term &quot;skanky ho&quot; once. SMH.  	1	4	2	5 	Insurance:Aetna
74	1	Dr. Whiddon is very skilled in laparoscopic surgery.  He also has an excellent bedside manner.  He took an hour for each of my two visits before my surgery, and did not rush me.  He answered all of my questions thoroughly.  The day after my surgery he came into my hospital room and gave me a detailed acccount of my surgery. He is highly recommended.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
74	0	He has a very high opinion of himself and there is a difference between confidence and being arrogant. The conversations that you have with him, he doesn't remember and when you bring it up you get the &quot;there is something wrong with you&quot;. If it weren't for my insurance (PPK) dictating where I go. I would be else where by now. The nurse is rude and has to communicate the nasty messages that Whiddon gives her. I would rather the insurance money go to a doctor that knows that talking down to patients isn't ok. A little bedside manner goes a long way. 	1	3	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
74	0	Dr. Whiddon's nurse was always extermely rude and every visit I could always hear the nasty things she said about the other patients sitting in rooms next to me-did she think I couldn't hear her&#63;  Dr. Whiddon was a nice dr. but I never had time to ask him more than 1 question. After delivering my 1st son, my hips hurt from being stretched open and stuck in stirups for 3 hrs, I asked him to let my legs down, he and the student (I had asked no students be present) laughed at me and my husband and he said &quot;should've kept your legs closed in the 1st place.&quot; My husband and I had planned for this baby, it was a horrible comment. I wouldn't go back to see him. 	1	4	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
74	1	He performed a LEEP on me last year and was WONDERFUL! Very intelligent and has great bedside manner. He connects with his patients well and is easy to talk to. I would recommend him to anyone. If you are the kind of person who cannot handle humor in stressful situations, see someone else.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
74	1	Dr. Whiddon is very personable and explains everything simply. He was awesome at getting my son out fast when he was laying on his umbilical cord. I couldn't have asked for a better no-nonsense doctor. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
74	1	Dr. Whiddon was wonderful at delivering my son. He didn't waste time after finding out my son had slowed growing, and then again when he was having complications with labor. He had wonderful manners, and was very understanding. He explained things very well and was to the point. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
74	1	Has a very positive attitude towards everything. He's a great doctor. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
74	1	VERY NICE. DONE A GREAT JOB OF DEALING WITH MY CERVICAL CANCER. GREAT STAFF. GOOD AT RETURNING PHONE CALLS AND ANSWERING QUESTIONS. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
74	1	Dr. Whiddon is very helpful, has a great bedside manner and does not waste time when things need to be taken care of. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
75	1	Dr. Wesbrook is very calm and reassuring. 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
76	-1	Dr. Higgins made hurtful comments to me concerning my physical appearance while I was on the examination table, in the stirrups for my yearly gynecological exam.  I am deeply concerned by what I experienced in terms of her display of inappropriate behavior in the office. 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
77	1	Dr. Williamson is a great guy. Unlike most doctors, he's very thorough and isn't arrogant. He listens to what you have to say and really does try to find stuff out. I went in there with a variety of symptoms which would drive any doctor crazy, and he was VERY good about things and said he'll research it for me. Hopefully I'll find out what it is, but at the very least he was being what I thought a doctor should be--compassionate and understanding in addition to being scientific. Highly recommended family physician.  	2	5	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
78	1	The best Doctor in the area for treating my rather rare condition, thanks to him and his knowledge I am getting to where I want to be in living without medical limitations. He knows his profession and keeps abreast of current treatments for my particular problem.I know others who suffer from this movement disorder are lucky as I have been in finding him. He is calm informative,knowledgeable,and has had the same staff for all the time i've been with him.He's the kind of doctor who can look you in the eye, and a plus is that he has an 800 number, shows you he's not just a taker, one of a kind that I would reccommend highly to anyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
78	1	This great Dr. knows what is needed,takes the time to explain what he's doing,has literature in his office along with e-mail addresses and web sites to go to for information and help groups.And he belongs to the a.m.a. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
79	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	Dr. Wesley has been my physician for more than 20 years. He has a fabulous bedside manner and never makes you feel rushed. He actually gets to know his patients. I just went through a serious medical issue and, although he referred me on to a specialist for surgery, he was very comforting in explaining the initial issue to me. 	 2/18/09	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	I have been going to Dr. Wall for many years and he has done a wonderful job.  He helped diagnose my lung cancer and referred me to several excellant doctors for treatment.  He has been very helpful on many other conditions also.  I feel that we are not only doctor and patient, but friends.  He is a very nice person and caring. The staff is also very friendly and caring.  Overall, I strongly recommend Dr. Wall and his office.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
81	1	I've been going to Dr. Wall for over 15 years. He has always been friendly, punctual, and knowledgeable. In all these years I've had IBS, back operations, and recently diagnosed with diabetes.  	4	4	5	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
82	1	Although his staff could be more patient, Dr. Wheeler himself is one of the kindest, most caring doctors I've ever worked with.  I have long-term chronic pain, and he has worked tirelessly with me to find solutions (he's even willing to refer me to other specialists when it seems necessary).  He answers all my questions and is flexible in working with me.  I also like that he supports my seeking alternative as well as traditional medical help.  He a doctor I trust--and I can't give much higher praise than that.  	2	3	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
82	1	He is worth waiting for, as during our appointment he gives us 100% of his time, answers all our questions, and explains how he made his diagnosis.  My husband's deteriorating disorder was successfully treated for years, and this dr. told us at an early stage when we needed to see a neurosurgeon.  (Neurosurgeon said to visit annually, ans continue with Wheeler's treatment. ) 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Veterans Administration
82	-1	Overpriced, Does not appear to care about his patients but makes sure he collects his money. Staff is unfriendly and not helpful. Provided absolutely no treatment and referred me to 3 other doctors. Do not have time to see 5 doctors for one problem and pay $900 a month in office visits. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
83	1	I thought Dr Wiley was an amazing Dr.  I was new to the area and wanted an OB to deliver my child as I had always had Family Practice deliver my first two children. I had asked around and Dr Wiley's name was given to me more than any other. I ended up suffering two miscarriages and I thought he was very caring and did everything he could to figure out why. His staff was very nice and said if anyone can help you have a healthy pregnancy it will be him. With that said I did get pregnant again and he delivered my healthy baby girl. He was very caring and a wonderful doctor.  The only thing I didn't care for was you always waited a long time to be seen. I learned real quick to schedule way in advance and to schedule to be the 1st patient in the morning or afternoon. I would recommend him to anyone.  	5	1	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
83	1	dr wiley is a great dr. very polite and gentle. he listens to your concerns. and in an emergency gets you in right away.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
83	1	Dr. Wiley was my doctor in 2005, when I had a high risk pregnancy. He was very understanding, caring, and very encouraging. There were times when I was really scared, but he always had a way of easing my mind. I honestly believe he did everything in his power to make sure that my baby and I were OK.I always recommend him to expectant Mothers who need a doctor. When I voiced concerns, he LISTENED. I think he's great.Even though I had some difficult times, he helped my pregnancy to be a great experience.    Laketha (Brown) Wheat 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
83	0	Fertility Treatment - Was good at the beginning but then just wanted to wait another 6 months after I had already waited 6 months prior to going to him.  Then he just wanted to push drugs they didn't work after 5 months and he wanted to refer me to an RE like there was nothing he could due for me.  After waiting for 2 hrs each time being the last to walk out into a dark waiting area.  Wasn't pleased.  	5	1	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
83	1	I found Dr. Wiley to be the perfect balance of kindness, knowledge, skill, and precision.  I absolutely had the best surgical outcome possible, and I owe it to Dr. Wiley's exact and accurate surgical technique and expertise in the OB/GYN field.  Dr. Wiley is a pleasant, and wonderful person with a great sense of humor.  He listens to his patients, and truly cares about people. I would highly recommend Dr. Wiley as both a competent and caring physician, as well as a thorough, skilled, and excellent surgeon.   -Catherine S; Chapman, KS- 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
84	-1	This doctor is the most insensitve doctor I have ever seen. She thinks she knows everything, and implies that the patient is an idiot. Many people that have seen her, including myself have either been overdosed by medications, or has had her try to give you meds that she knows you can't afford, and then when you can't go pay for them at the pharmacy she writes in your chart that you are non compliant with treatment. She is the worst doctor to go to if you are filing for diability because she will intentionally put things in your file that will dis qualify you for disability. I have never had a doctor accuse me of abusing or over taking meds until I saw her. From a 1-10 scale, I would rate this doctor at a 1. My very first appointment with her she asked me what medicine I wanted to take. Evidentally she does not have the edjucation needed to be in her position. I strongly recommend not seeing her 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	Very knowlegable doctor who seeks assistance when necessary. Caring and professional. Really practices medicine for the health of his patients not just for the money. He with an associate doctor saved my sons life from a brain tumor. You won't find a more contenious doctor who just is also a fine gentleman.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
85	1	VERY CARING PERSON AND SPENT THE TIME TO DESCRIBE EVRYTHING. EXCELLENT DOCTOR.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
85	1	wonderful doctor--very caring and compassionate; incredibly knowledgable 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
85	-1	Is quick to prescribe, doesn't always spend quality time to help with illnesses or problems... seems to transfer problems so he doesn't have to 'waste' his time on you 	2	1	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
86	1	Dr. Waage (pronounced VOGA) is fabulous. I would recommend her to anyone looking for a PCP. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
87	-1	Do not see this dr. She is neither knowlegible nor thorough. I also question her integrty. I am a transplant patient and saw her for only 7 months. The first time I saw her was for my back pain and to let her know my condition. I gave her my kidney doctors info, which she didn't really care to take.  I wanted to see a PT for my back pain, instead she gave me a prescription and told me to ask the pharmacist if it would interfere with my meds or go thru my kidney. I found out from the pharmacy that the drug did both.  Dr Wirths should've looked up that information for me and because she didn't it was a waste of my time to go see her and to see the pharmacist. After 2 weeks numberous of phone calls to the dr's office, I finally got a referal. I thought to myself, anyone can make mistakes, so I continued to see her, but my other visits were the same. I would say 4 out of 5 times were bad experiences. The 1 time it was good was when I saw the Nurse Practioner. Do not see this doctor.  	 6/20/09	1	1	1	Insurance:Aetna
87	1	This was my first visit to this doctor, for an annual exam and pap smear. Dr. Wirths talked with me first and answered my questions about medications I would have to stop or change when my husband and I start trying to conceive. She was very gentle with the pap smear - one of the best at this procedure that I've experienced. The staff was excellent as well - polite and kind - and they went out of their way to find an allergist for me that takes my insurance. The office itself was pleasant with appropriate measures for privacy of health care information. I am extremely impressed by Dr. Wirth's and her staff's professionalism and efficiency. The only complaint I can think of was a short wait in the exam room, but really, that happens everywhere. I will be going back to this doctor.  	 5/13/09	5	4	5	Insurance:Tricare
87	-1	I was referred to this Doctor by the ER after I had severe stomach pains. I am not from the area and didn't have a primary care. When my boss heard where I was referred, she advised she had a few friends who had a bad experience with this Doctor. I decided to give her a shot anyway. After waiting 2 hours to see her, she told me I needed a stomach ultrasound (what the ER had already told me, and sent me to see her for). She sent me back to OP regional. Her staff scheduled me a week later and did not accommodate my schedule. OP told me nothing showed up in my ultrasound and the Doctor would need to have me take further tests. I received a postcard a week later from Dr. Wirths office saying my test results were fine. No other follow up, although they have attempted to bill my insurance 3 times already. I should have trusted my boss, who knows the area very well.  I will never see this doctor again! 	 3/4/09	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
87	-1	I have had Dr. Wirths for longer than anyone on here so far. I am extremely unhappy and avoid going to the doctor. Why have I kept her then&#63; I guess it is just the known versus the unkown. Prepare for rudeness from her and the staff, although once you get to know the staff personally they warm up to you. Tammy is my favorite. I have had records on important  tests lost for months...still lost. When my teen became pregnant Dr. Wirth's personal judgements seemed to affect her job. She was cold, rude and even more condescending. My daughter changed to an OBGYN who was wonderful to her and supportive and helpful through a rough time. I just avoid going. I have health issues going on but I just dread even the thought of going in there to deal with all the rudeness. I long for a doctor with whom I could schedule a &quot;consultation&quot; and design a life wellness plan. Someone who could review the totality of my life and help me be well and help my family be well.  Let me know if this exists! 	2	4	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
87	1	I really liked her. She was nice and took care of the issues at hand.  	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
87	-1	well child visit for a 4 yr old and failed eyes due to no attention span and failed ears because the machine would not read and those were the only part of the physical completed. 	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
87	-1	We have been with Dr. wirth for about 7 years. We did not had any issue until recently we had our 2nd child. She is poor in delivering the baby. she has caused injury to my new born and my wife with irreversable damage for her lifetime. Now we are living with it. We are exploring various medical options to cure. I would not recommend Dr. with for any of my friends. We do not feel, She has enough knowledge in delivering the babies.any thing about child birth.  	1	4	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
87	-1	Dr Wirths was my mother's primary care physician.  I always thought it odd that my mom was decades older than Wirth's other clients.  Unfortunately I never queried Wirth's gerontological knowledge until it was too late.  When my mother began to show early stage dementia Wirth freaked out.  She immediately wanted to send her to an memory care facility and would not consider any other options.  Wirths became annoyed when we brought in a competent gerontologist who thankfully suggested alternatives.  In short my mother is happy and doing well despite Wirth.  And Wirth is no longer her physician.   PLEASE challenge Wirths or other physician's skill before accepting their &quot;knowledge&quot; at face value! 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Coventry
87	1	Dr. Wirths has been my family doctor for over 8 years, and I love her.  I have fibromyalgia, which is a difficult condition to diagnose and treat.  She always listens to me and works with me to find the best treatments for me.  She can be a little abrupt, but I think it's just because she is extremely efficient and assertive.  Most of the nurses are sweet and helpful, and the office staff is too.  My only complaint would be a few long wait-times, but even that has improved in the past year.  I have recommended her several times, and absolutely would again.  	4	3	5	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
87	-1	I had a bad pap smear, got a letter in the mail from her with pamplets about Copolscopy, HPV and Cervical cancer and a little note telling me to make an appointment to see her for a Copolscopy.  I was terrified, based on the included literature, but made the appointment and went in.  I got right in and she started the copolscopy.  Times in the past when I've seen her she's been very warm, friendly and helpful however this time she was different.  She was very quiet, very cold, and said almost nothing at all.  When she'd finished the procedure she told me to lay there and rest a bit then she and the nurse left.  I lay there, and lay there, and lay there.  Finally someone opened the door and was surprised I was still there, everyone else had left.  Not only was I a little scared about what was going on, but now I really felt like no one in that office gave a damn.  	3	3	2	2 	Insurance:Coventry
87	-1	I went to see Dr. Wirths for an ear infection and both times I got sent away without any medication and I never felt better. They made me pay the 2nd time even though I knew I wouldn't have to and come to find out, they had already been paid by my insurance 3 days before. I would have never found out if I hadn't got the invoice from the insurance company. They hadn't even sent me a refund. Dr. Wirths is by far the worst most uncompassionate and uncaring, heartless Doctor I have ever met and I wouldn't even take my pet to see her. I would not advise anyone to step foot in her office. The office staff is rude, no one seems to be able to answer any questions and it is a huge waste of money.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
87	-1	I had a lymphnode that repeatedly would swell and without even laying a hand on me or examining the area she said &quot;A medical mystery for sure&quot; turned around and walked out the exam room door. I work in the medical field and am constantly interacting with physicians. She is by far the worst doctor I have ever encountered. I wouldnt trust her to figure out that I had an ingrown toenail.  	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
87	-1	Just very rude, and you get the sense that if you ask a question she doesn't know the answer to(which seems to happen a lot), then she becomes very condescending to cover up for her lack of knowledge. Did not inspire much confidence in her abilities. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
87	-1	I went in to see Dr. Wirths for an ear infection and she found a heart murmur. She ran out of the room and FINALLY came back just to stand in the door way and hand a peice of paper to me and say go see this heart doctor. Ridiculous. She didn't even address my ear infection and I had 3 questions for her that she didn't have time to answer obvisiouly because she basically walked out as I was talking. Would NEVER recommend her to anyone. I was very dissappointed in her service. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	Appointments were fairly rushed. Wait times for doctor were often pretty long. 		4	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
87	-1	There was a glitch with our insurance and we were responsible for the apointment. She was obviously in a hurry that day. She had very little time to answer my questions, and told me things that I already knew. For a five to ten minute conversation she charged $237.00. She didn't even lay a hand on me. Expect poor service and highway robbery if you go to see her.  		3	1	2 	Insurance:Tricare
87	-1	I found Dr. Wirth to be cold and unfriendly. Her nursing staff was horrible, they were extremely rude and very snobby. I would not recomend her to ANYONE. She didn't adress any medical issues i asked her about, and didn't even stay long enough for me to talk to her about the rest of my medical issues. 		2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
87	-1	Dr. Wirths spends very little time with the patient and displays no real interest in what is going on. Office is chaotic and staff are rude both in person and on the phone. Communication between dr & nurses very lacking during your visit and it is typical for several nurses to come in and out while your there like it is an assembly line. I've switched doctors and wouldn't recommend her at all.  		2	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
87	-1	I had severe back pain, I saw her 3 times for that, she did a quick examination and sended me home with pain killers, after I told her the pain goes down my right leg and can't feel half of my right foot! I finally went to my rheumatologist, who sended me to have a MRI done. I had a broken disk that was logded on the ciatic nerve.I had surgery to correct the problem and I can walk now. 		1	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
87	-1	This Dr.  Was horrible and rude! Disgusting bedside manner and horrible with children! Would NEVER recommend her to anymone in fact, I warn everyone I know AGAINST her! 		2	2	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
87	1	I am a doctor myself and have found Dr. Wirths to be very open and helpful and her staff and friendly and easy to deal with.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
87	1	Dr. Wirths has been my doctor for almost 10 years, and has consistently been helpful and knowledgeable. In a pinch, she'll even return calls on weekends or after hours - a real plus in a doctor. She and her staff are top notch.  		4	5	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
87	1	I have found Dr Wirths to be very punctual and helpful. I usually take a list of concerns to discuss with her and she does listen. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
87	-1	always booked and they say you can come in and see nurse. my issue was i told her what kind of birth control i use, she put me on different. she made my husband leave the room, while examing me. my other doctor would let him stay. she really didn't let me ask questions.  		1	1	1 	Insurance:Tricare
88	-1	Dr. Sidney Wang is the worst and most unethical doctor I have ever had. Being a young JCCC naive college student, I was unable to make sound and mature judgments. I came into his office with chronic hives, literally from head to toe. He cut a hive off my leg to biopsy. He said not worry that my leg would not scare. Today, years later, I still have a scare from the cut. Dr. Wang requested I come into his office once a week for two months to supposedly help with the chronic hives. He was taking advantage of me being naïve and was purposely ringing up Medicaid. Another doctor suggested switching laundry detergents, and I haven't had a hive since. When calling his after hours number he said to call back Monday because he doesn't work weekends and hung up on me. I know this is due to his accent, but he is very hard to understand and he is also hard of hearing. This made it very difficult to communicate with him.  	5	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
88	1	Dr. Wang is a wonderful doctor. His diagnosis is spot on and always gives appointments when you need them. It is hard to understand what he is saying sometimes.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
88	1	Very helpful.  Wonderful Doctor 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
89	1	Very effective help to change poor personal behaviors. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	The correct insurance is not listed in your categories- Mine was New Directions. My first 6 marriage counseling sessions were billed correctly but the next 6 were not- there was an outstanding bill of several hundred dollars which Dr Ware forgave even though she could have sent us to collections. That was a lot of money. I took a year or so off and then returned. I found Dr Ware's Christian perspective just what I needed. Her faith based counseling was important for me in this humanistic age and gave me direction and support. Both my husband and I benefited from her type of sessions and she alway had patience and gave us hope. She also had insight into our teen and though we did not take her to Dr Ware( her bio dad would not allow this) she gave us insight into her issues as well. 	4	5	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	Dr. Ware was very knowledgeable about our daughters' condition and gave great direction on how to treat her.  We have already seen a differnce in her ability to cope with her surroundings and are looking forward to a few more sessions to ensure we are making the best choices for her.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
89	-1	I very much like Dr. Ware as a person.  As a doctor, she is dangerous.  She treated my teen.  She doesn't take good notes, doesn't make a plan with patient and stick with it, brings personal life to work, and is unavailable for long periods of time.  My psyche doc immediately begged me to take my child to another therapist when I told her we were seeing Dr. Ware.  I am so sad to leave this message.  We kept giving her another chance.  Her practice did not get better.  We were sorry we stayed with her for so long.  	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Tricare
90	1	Was very kind and thorough. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
91	-1	Dr Werth and his staff is very un-personable. The treatment we recieved in his office and during our biopsy was very cold, rushed, and people spoke very fast! He did not answer any of our questions to the point. Always around the bush about everything. When our results came in he did not explain any of it to us. Would not recomend him as a carring person or phy. Feel very sorry for any other person seeing him, In his feild you must have the compassion for your patcient, listen to there needs and reasure their fears. Heartless man.  		3	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
92	-1	I'm an older patient (77) and was looking for a new doctor after recently moving to the area.  He treated me like a non-entity and refused to discuss my medical conditions preferring to talk to my daughter instead.  Based on a single X-ray he mislead me into believing I had a more serious life threatening condition which my previous doctor confirmed was completely unwarranted.  I am extremly unsatisfied with this doctor's treatment of me and would not reccommend him to anyone who is not of the bovine persuasion. His lab staff was also very condescending and treated me poorly as well.  I would not reccommend this clinic at all. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
93	1	He and his staff has always gone out of their way to help everyone in my family.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
93	1	I have been a diabetic for 32 years and have seen a fair number of doctors. Dr. Widman is, by far, the most capable, honest, straight forward, and Godly physician I have ever been associated with.  Every time I have seen Dr. Widman I am assured that he will have the answer for my condition. He listens to my problem, asks the right questions, and does not try to treat symptoms with medications that are not needed. Dr. Widman and his staff are very professional and courteous. I feel very comfortable in his office.  I recommended him to others on numerous occasions.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
93	1	He and staff has always gone out of their way to help our family.  	5	4	5	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
93	-1	I switched to this doctor because he was closer than my old GP. Big mistake. He misdiagnosed a condition and put me on some noxious medication that interacted with another medication I was on. I went back several times to get treated for this new condition that he caused. He couldnt figure it out and the interaction caused an injury that put me in the hospital. I went back to my old doctor.  	 3/5/09	3	2	1	Insurance:United Healthcare
94	1	I've had a great experience with Dr. Waxman. She's meticulous &amp; spent a lot of time speaking with me. I've had oily skin &amp; acne my entire life. Dr. Waxman put me on a regime and within a few weeks my skin completely cleared up. I was at the make-up counter at Nordstroms and the sales girl told me my skin was flawless. I think Dr.Wadman is a great dermatologist and I've recommended her to friends.  	4	5	4	4 	Insurance:Aetna
94	-1	She's a quack.A biopsy report came back, not the way she wanted it, so she went ahead and treated my wife for the wrong thing.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
94	1	 	4	4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
95	-1	Not trustworthy.  Bedside manner is poor. Very disappointed as a patient.  	4	1	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
95	1	very good doctor, but not very easy to get in to see..i waited 4 weeks for an appointment, staff... never returns call when you leave a message 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
95	1	excellent caring doctor knowledgeable professional 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
95	1	Dr. Wiles is very good with kids. However my appointments get rescheduled quite a lot as his schedule seems to change unpredictable. 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
95	1	I feel that he is very caring and patient. He gives you personal attention and is conscientious about prices of drugs and treatments. He seems to care more about helping you than about getting your money. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
96	-1	He refused to follow up after he performed the surgery. Very bad. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
97	1	Great experience and great doctor. Best I've been to! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
98	1	EXCELLENT. HIGHLY RECOMMEND DR. WILDMAN!SHE IS WORTH EVERY DOLLAR. THANK GOODNESS SHE IS HERE. WE ARE LUCKY TO HAVE SUCH A FANTASTIC DOCTOR IN KC. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
98	1	Best Doctor I have ever been to! Dr Wildman spend quality time talking to me and diagnosing me. Every doctor should be like her. I felt better than I had in years when I was her patient. I wish I could find another doc like her where I live now. 	 3/1/11	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
98	1	Fantastic doctor. She is excellent,caring, wonderful. wish there were more like her.I went to several other docs before I found her and I am thrilled that I finally got answers and the treatment I needed.... my symptoms were finally relieved!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
99	1	Dr. Wilde was extremely helpful.  We had seen several specialists including a doctor at children's mercy who said there was nothing to be done until our son had stopped growing (he was 1.5 yrs old at the time). He was is a lot of pain and Dr. Wilde was able to find a solution and our son is doing great 10 years later.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
99	1	Knowledgable Dr. and staff.  Only Dr. I know of that cares enough to go to the assisted living facility to care for patients.  He removed a growth form top of my foot. No pain at all.  Definately recommend him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
