dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	 This Dr. saved my life and has been my Dr. for over 25 yrs.  So if you what man OUTSTANDING Dr. this is him and the Hosiptal that he is with is  an OUTSTANDING PLACE you are treated like a human and not someone that isn't good enough for.  I will tell everyone that ask me this question and I will be honest with everyone.                                Thank You, David G.  Engledow 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
6	1	 Dr Edalati is the PERFECT doctor.  He is extremely knowledgeable about all aspects of medical care and so patient and kind.  He is always able to come up with the exact right diagnosis and care directive.  I have a complete trust in him and can honestly say I do not feel that for all doctors I have seen. I would highly recommend him to anyone.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
6	1	.  very smart and caring takes time to answer ALL of your questions 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:AARP
6	1	 Best Doctor ever, it is like he was born to be a doctor.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
21	1	 ER DOCTOR-COMPASSIONATE, CARING,CARING AND THOROUGH, EXPLAINED EVERYTHING. OUTSTANDING BEDSIDE MANNER. MADE A SCARY EXPERIENCE INTO ONE WHERE I FELT HAPPY AND CARED FOR AFTERWARDS. I'D HAVE ANOTHER EMERGENCY WITH HER AS MY DOCTOR.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	0	 His hygenists are top noch.  His receptionist was a bully when I called to reschedule for a my son a second time because of conflicts. Big sighs, &quot;well, we really need to see ___&quot;.  I thought I was doing good to call in advance!  I mean, I could have been having cancer treatments or something.  Dr. Edgington was a far cry better than my last dentist who wrote me a 2 page letter telling me how I was causing my 5 yr old anxiety issues because I asked if maybe his bottom baby tooth shouldn't be pulled because his adult one came in behind, and that I should love him as much as I do my new baby etc...needless to say i fired him and when we went to Edgington his tooth was actually curved up under his gum and had to be surgically removed.  It's my BFF that had trouble with her little one.  He would not let her go back to calm her, and then charged her $25 for behavior assistance report so that he could get paid beyond what ins allowed.   FIRED! 	5	5	3	3	Insurance:Delta Dental
23	-1	commentsHe was rude and lectured me.  Not everyone has insurance or a lot of money to get their teeth taken care of.  Don't you think it's my worry&#63;  I'd rather not have all my teeth fall out.  What an egotistical jerk.  Offer free care, otherwise, don't make your patients feel bad for not being able to afford dental care. 	4	5	1	3	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	 Excellent dentist & staff!  Dr. Edgington has done several root canals and crowns on me.  I've been very happy with him and his staff.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
23	1	commentsDr. Edgington Rocks!!! His Dental assistant Marla is wonderfull. Go see them! They are the most caring denistry around. If you want the best in Wichita Dr. Edgington is it. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
23	0	 He is somewhat forgetful and tends to miss problems seen in x-rays taken during previous visits. He rushed me through a few times and told me he would call if they saw anything, to which he did not. At my next appointment I find out problems were on the slide and he never called. He does seem to be quite knowledgable and fast with his work.  		4	2	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	 Knowledgeable and extremely perceptive. He cut through various white-wash statements and got to the heart of the matter quickly &amp; effectively. Then, he provided the needed advice &amp; direction for real improvement. He has a very soft-spoken manner. Still, he knows when to be direct and forceful. After visiting other wishy-washy counselors, Dr. Edwards came through and proved the usefulness of therapy.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
25	1	 Dr. Edwards is extremely intelligent.  He will call you on your stupidity and yet foster a practical and pragmatic environment for solutions.  I can't recommend him high enough.  He has not only counselled me, but taught me, warned me, and proved time and again that he is on my side.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Humana
25	1	 I think Dr. Edwards is extemely knowledgeable, experienced and very approachable.  He is very easy to talk to and he is great with children and with adults.  He has been a huge help to myself, my children and my family.  We've had many struggles over the past 18 months, but thanks to Dr. Edwards, we've made alot of progress.  He is very prompt.  Dr. Edwards office staff is extemely helpful.  They will help you in anyway possible.  Dr. Edwards is good about returning your phone calls.  I can't say enough about Dr. Edwards.  Our experience has been nothing but positive.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	1	 I have been going to Dr. Eckert for over 5 years and am extremely happy with her. I am comfortable talking to her and she always takes her time and listens to my concerns. I do not have kids yet but am planning to shortly and wouldn't want anyone else to take care of me through my pregnancy and delivery than her.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	1	 Dr. Eckert was great! I had a difficult pregnancy and a miscarrage prior to my pregnancy. She wasn't the one who delivered my son but the Dr. who did (Lombardy) was just as nice. I was in that dr office 2 times a week for 28 weeks and all the staff was super friendly and helpful! Wish we still lived in Overland Park so I could see her for this pregnancy.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Tricare
29	1	 I love Dr. Eckert. I have been a patient of hers for nearly 6 years. She has always treated me like an intelligent adult and is very interested in what I think. She took care of me during a very difficult miscarriage, a horrible pregnancy (hyperemesis), and is like a trusted friend. I've met all of the other doctors in the practice, and they are very friendly and kind as well. It seems like they really care about their patients (and their patients' babies).  	5	3	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	1	 Polite, attentive, takes time with patient and a nice person.  	3	4	4	5	Insurance:Aetna
38	1	 She is very knowlegeable about eating disorders and helping with women issues.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
38	1	commentsShe was great! Very helpful! Not very good with time, normally running late. 	5	2	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	 Dr. Ehly listens to his patients he is also a great teacher when it comes to explaining conditions. He has the best bedsidemanner I ever witnessed and most of all I have always felt like a person not a patient to him.Never being judged makes visits so pleasent for our family.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
41	1	 Dr. Ehly is one of the best doctors i have ever been attended by. He has the want to help people that seems to have been replaced by the want to be successful associated with most doctors these days. Dr. Ehly is willing to think outside the box for perplexing issues and ALWAYS has time to visit with the patient once they are seen by him. I would (and have) recomended Dr. Ehly to anyone wanting a doctor that is interested in their wellbeing. I rated his staff at a four, and understand that they are usually dealing with frustrated sick people that dont understand why they cant get in to see the doctor when they would most like to. However, another step closer to Doctor Ehly's example would be greatly appreciated.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
41	1	commentsDr. Ehly is very patient friendly, understanding and helpful.  If you are looking for a doctor who will listen to you, Dr. Ehly is the one.  He has helped my family in increasing our overall wellness without passing judgement. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
63	-1	 Confidential patient information name, address social security were left in plain sight for anyone to see.  Staff rude and unhelpful.  Long wait in exam room, while dr complains to staff about other patients.  Would recommend if you have a serious condition seek another physician.  	1	2	2	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
63	-1	comments 	4	4	1	3	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	 Great Dr. willing to find the answer to your issue usung the means necessary, even if that means you need to go elsewhere!!!Very caring and a good bedside manor, honest and reliable.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
65	1	 Job well done, keep it up!  Good patient care in all respects and good bedside manner.  Smart and caring.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Coventry
65	1	 excellent office staff , blood tests on site, easy access.  doctor is on top of his game...  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
65	1	 Excellent Doctor. His office found out that it was my Kidney that was causing my problem instead of Galbladder. My kids and I love him.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Coventry
65	1	comments 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
76	1	 Dr. Earl is an excellent doctor.  He takes the time to LISTEN to you and your concerns.  He will treat you for everything that he can within his scope of expertise but at the same time, if it is something that is out of his scope, he has no problem referring you on to a specialist to get the proper care for your issue.  He treats you like a 'whole person', not 'just' a patient.  I have been with him for a long time and even moved to another state but still travel back to see Dr. Earl!  GREAT doctor!!  Mindy - his nurse is absolutely his greatest asset besides himself!  She knows about the patients and puts them at ease.   Great gal!! 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
76	0	commentsCollege Park Family Practice engages in unfair billing practices.    After being care for by College Park Family Practice in Olathe for 10 years, I lost my insurance.  I asked to pay by cash.   They agreed to a fee of $40 per visit.  They have billed me $66.33 per visit.  I have tried for several years to speak to them about the difference.  Instead, I was rebuffed and sued.   I agree that I owe $240.   They have taken me to court for the difference between what I owe and what they say I owe, or $158.39.    Call me for details at 913 706 0077.  My name is Bryan Dahms 	1	5	1	5	Insurance:Unknown
76	1	 Dr Earl and his nursing staff have been very helpful and thorough. A little over cautious, but I've found that with every doctor in College Park. Overall, great experience.  	5	5	5	4	Insurance:United Healthcare
76	1	.  Have seen him over 20 years and very helpful and friendly 	4	4	4	5	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:$15
89	1	commentsWent to Dr. Eaton for a number of years.  He is very friendly and I feel like he has always done a very good job with my eyes. 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
95	1	commentsI believe that she is a very caring and knowledgeable Doctor. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
97	1	commentsVery kind hearted. Would liston to my concerns and understood what was deing said. Thanks 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
