dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
5	1	 The doctor was very attentive and listened to all of my concerns.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
5	1	commentsShe was on time, attentive, a great listener and an overall awesome doctor!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	.  very attractive office and waiting room, courteous staff 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
16	1	 I have been seeing Dr Lamp for many years and would highly recommend him for all your optical needs.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
16	1	 He is the best doctor ever.  Found cancer in my grandfather when no one else could.  Gave me a few more great years with him.  Then I switched doctors and he found a prism problem that others called a stigmatism.  I now drive from KC to see him and send everyone to Dr. Lamp.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
16	1	commentsVery good. Great with kids. Best eye doc that I have visited. Highly recommend! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	 Wow......I felt like I had just spent time with a family friend then a doctor. She spent 25 minutes with me talking about weight loss options and was not only knowledgable but sloop kind. I have never laughed, cried with and hugged a doctor in the same visit....go see her..... you will love her too 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:MedicarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
22	1	commentsDr. was helpful, friendly and very patient w/ the patients. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	commentsDR LANGAKER WAS SINCERELY ATTENTIVE AND CONSCIOUS ABOUT MY HEALTH.SHE SUGGESTED AN OSTEOPOROSIS SCAN WHICH I DID WHILE THERE.  SHE WAS COVERING ALL THE BASES.  VERY GOOD1 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	 Dr. Langaker is a wonderful doctor for well-woman exams. She would be great for younger women who are nervous about going to the gyno. She's gentle, thorough and very grounded. I haven't gone to her for anything other than an annual exam, so I can't comment on her deliveries. Her only negative is that she does tend to get behind compared to the other doctors in the practice, so the wait times can be a little long, but she makes up for it with her attention and care.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:CoventryPaid/Co-pay:N/A
25	1	 I really like Dr. Lang. I will be keeping him as my medical dr. as long as I can. His office is very nice and his bedside manner is nice as well. He doesn't do quick fixes, but usually expects follow ups within 2 weeks. He's amazing.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:CoventryPaid/Co-pay:N/A
25	-1	 Worst care I have ever received.   Waste of time, waste of money! 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:CIGNAPaid/Co-pay:$30
25	1	 Fabulous and caring bed side manner!  I appreciate that he shares the test results along with his knowledge.  He makes you feel very comfortable and cared for.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:AetnaPaid/Co-pay:N/A
25	1	 I went to see Dr. Lang for some problems I have been having.  He was right on time, efficient, and gentle.  He also has flexible office time.  Highly recommended.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:CoventryPaid/Co-pay:N/A
25	-1	.   	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$30
25	1	commentsBEST DOCTOR IN THE WORLD!!!! I was soo lucky to have him deliver my precious baby boy! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
30	-1	commentsAt first he was helpful.  Something really changed. I gave it several more tries and it just got worse and worse.  The communication about goals didn't match the treatments, and outcomes went in the wrong direction.  There was a flip. 	2	5	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	.   	4	4	4	4	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
41	1	 Extremely skilled electrocardiologist.Very profesional and explains procedures clearly. Terrific bedside manner.  I have had two left atrial ablations by him.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:CoventryPaid/Co-pay:N/A
41	1	 Very nice and experienced doctor: We are very blessed to have a great doctor provide care for our Dad who had significant atrial and ventricular arrhythmias. He was turned down by several EPs in town. Dr. Lakkireddy took up the challenge and fixed him. We are ever indebted to him.  JS 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
41	1	commentsWe saw this physician for my husband's atrial fibrillation. We are very impressed with his depth of knowledge, ability to communicate, keeping up with new technology and offering compassionate care in a humble fashion. Overall Top notch doctor with a beautiful smile. JK 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	commentsI had ventricular tachycardia for most of adult life since 1994. I have been on different types of medications and two attempted ablations. Finally, by mere providence I found this doctor who worked on me and my problem fixed. I can never repay this doctor who gave me my life back. KS, Kansas City, MO 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	commentsHe is some one whom you can rely on for quality work 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	 Best dentist in the world! :) he has fixed a slew of issues I have incurred from bad dentistry I had received elsewhere.  He is a wonderful and kind man who wants the best for his patients :) 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
48	1	 Best Dentist in Garden City, by far! Hands down Dr. larkin you rule.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
52	1	commentsDr. Lancaster was recommended to me by my regular physician. The first visit went well. After I was approved for surgery he threatened to not do my surgery if I didn't lose enough weight in time. He also told me I had to work out an hour a day every day for the rest of my life. At the hospital I was very anxious. He came in and the first thing he asked me was how much weight did I lose&#63; I told him I lost 18 pounds in three weeks, and all he said was, thats it&#63; I thought he was kidding so I smiled and said are you serious&#63; He didn't say anything and walked away. That made me more anxious right before I was operated on. The next day in the hospital he came into my room to check on me and asked if I had gotten up and walked. I told him I had twice since the surgery and he said that's it&#63; Again! He said I need to get up and move! In a very rude manner. I told him I was waiting on the nurse to help me get up and he said I need to go now! Then he left. He makes me feel lazy and worthless. I really hate him! 	4	2	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
52	-1	 Doctor Brent A. Lancaster M.D. was 3 hours late for my Colonoscopy. He did not treat me with dignity, he was not considerate, he neglected to inform me of the result's of my surgery, when I asked him in person, he refused to speak with me. I do not suggest anyone to use this doctor.  	4	1	1	1	Insurance:AetnaPaid/Co-pay:N/A
59	-1	commentsevery root canal done failed and his big fat hands wont fit in your mouth and he does a half ass job on everything 	4	4	2	1	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	commentsThe medical doctors told me I was dying, hey, I'm still here to rate Dr. L'Hommedieu, so he must of done ALLOT right.  He's a Christian, has a wonderful manner, and is VERY knowledgeable about his field of study.  I would HIGHLY recomment Dr. L'Hommedieu to anyone seeking help.  Go for it, when you think your at the bottom, start looking up, and look up Dr. L'Hommedieu and give him a call.  I had neck, back and Liver issues. 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
71	1	 He treated our son like he was one of their own.  We couldn’t have been more pleased with the care he provided us.  His energy and genuine demeanor made a difficult and stressful time much easier.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
74	1	 I as well as other members of my family have gone to Dr Labes numerous times for various reasons.  He is always quite pleasant and never makes you feel like &quot;just a number&quot;.   A great doctor! 	4	4	5	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
74	-1	commentsOnly doctor on-call at hospital and would not come in to see a serious burn victim. Victim was told to go to family doctor in two days. Victim had 2nd degree burns on 12% of his body. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
77	-1	commentsNeeds work on his bedside manner, I'd like to not be so rushed, I felt rather intimidated. Office staff is very nice, I like that a real person answers the phone. 	4	3	1	3	Insurance:Unknown
77	0	commentsDr Lane is very pleasant in his demeanor.  I think he knows his profession however I think he takes the road of least resistance instead of the correct procedure. 	4	2	1	4	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	 Dr. Lang is a very good Doctor. He is very caring and he takes such wonderful care of his patiensts.  There are not too many doctors out there like him! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
88	1	 Great Doctor.  Treats you like you are his only patient and stays current.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:MedicarePaid/Co-pay:$45
