dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	Very good staff and very good Doctor.He listened and acted as if he cared.Dr Young explained every thing in detail,which I really appreciated. I was very nervous about my ankle surgery,but I was told the worst was the recovery  which so far he has been right on. Thank you Dr Young and your staff.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
2	-1	Dr. Younglove was friendly &amp; like an long time girlfriend for many years, until it was time to do a DnC to get my twins out.  In May she performed a Dnc which afterwards I bled constantly for two months. Started off heavy then lightened up, never stopped.  I dropped my insurance after the DnC.  She tried to advise I was pregnant again, which is why the test showed up positive, but that would put me 2 days pregnant.  Pregnancy levels are not that high in a few days.  Thanks to another doctor, it was determined in JULY that the surgery was not completely performed &amp; pieces of the babies were still in my body, so I had to do a 2nd DnC in July.  I would NEVER recommend her to anyone, if she didn't know how to properly perform the surgery then she should've referred me to someone else, which the other doctor made sure she was in the room and guided her through the process.  SMH.  Please if you every have to have this done...beware.  She never returned my calls nor spoke with me personally.  	5	5	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
2	1	I found Dr. Younglove by word of mouth and am so glad I did.  She was always on time and very helpful.  Would come in the room and chat like we were old girlfriends!!   I loved it.   She was off the day I went into labor but showed up in my room!   She was like We are having this baby!   I had already prepared to see another female doctor but was soo excited when Dr.  Younglove came in to deliver my son!   I would recommend her over and over!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	1	Dr Younglove saw me through a high risk pregnancy and very complicated delivery. I was always very comfortable with her and she seemed to genuinely care and be concerned for me and my child. She saw me at all but one of my prenatal appointments, and came to the hospital shortly after I was admitted 3 times during my pregnancy. When I was on bed rest in the hospital for over a month she came and saw me almost everyday. I felt very supported and I would recommend her to anyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
2	1	I am so very comfortable with Courtney, she's down to earth and loves her profession.  When I talk to her I feel like I'm talking to my close friend.  Courtney did my hysterectomy and all went well.   I completely recommend her! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
3	1	to the point, seemed concerned and was assuring as a doc.  Didn't seemed to not care, again to the point.   I was ok with that 	5	5	5	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	SHE lISTENS AND HELPS DETERMINE DIAGNOSIS AND REFERS YOU ON for ADDITIONAL TESTING OR DOCTORS AS THE NEEDS REQUIRE. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	-1	It took 35 minutes of sitting in the exam room, 50 minutes of waiting total, to be seen. When she finally got in there, she seemed to be in a hurry and was cutting me off my sentences.  I felt like she didn't have a full grasp on what was wrong with me, I have a neck injury and she wanted me to do bloodwork for a VITAMIN DEFICIENCY&#63; Long story short, I left the office ready to cry and none the wiser than when I'd come in, and had less money in my wallet. I just don't think she cares. I'm seeking a second opinion.  	5	2	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
3	-1	Took my 85-year-old mother today and had TERRIBLE experience.  Were escorted into a room where she was told to remove her clothes from the waist down (we questioned because she was there because of suspected nerve damage in her arm, but the nurse confirmed necessity).  Because she is incontinent, this created anxiety. We waited in the exam room for more than one hour before someone came to do an EMG (on her arm, of course).  This person seemed very unsure while doing the procedure, said she definitely didn't have carpal tunnel syndrome (wasn't suspected to begin with).  Said mom couldn't get dressed yet. We waited quite a bit longer before finally seeing Dr. Younger.  She seemed quite unprepared, didn't recall why we were there (to receive results of earlier MRI).  Her first feedback - problem was carpal tunnel. Told her we had just heard not. Flustered, said she was &quot;confused&quot;, had trouble locating MRI, then prescribed new pain med and pain clinic, with no further diagnosis.  Shameful! 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Medicare
3	1	I was assigned Dr. Younger when I went to Menorah after a stroke. She has been incredibly patient, helpful, and knowledgeable about preventing further brain injury. She is the best! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	0	Dr. Younger is very short with her patients, she is not very caring, she will not follow up at all.  If you want a doctor that is just going to give you pills and that's it, go to her, but if you want someone who will take a proactive approach to your condition, keep looking. 	4	4	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	Stacy and her nurse Wendy are out of this world. They go out of their way to help you. I needed to get ahold of her on a Sunday and it took like 15 mins for her to get back with me.  She is the best neuro I have seen! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
4	1	Great doctor! Take time to explain thing to you unlike other doctors that rush in and rush out 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	-1	I was feeling terrible, went to him several times in 3 months, didn't appear to care about whether he figured out my problem or not.  Took an hour and a half every visit just to get in to see him.  Of course this is typical of Hutchinson Clinic.  Had to go to Newton clinic to get my health problems resolved.   My advise:  stay away from Hutchinson Clinic! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	Rare to find a compassionate Dr. that listens and doesn't let his ego get in the way of treating people.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	Excellent physician.  Compassionate, caring, interested, attentive, professional and always follows-up and through with all referrals and recommendations, 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	I can always get in if needed at last minute.  He takes the time to listen which is rare! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	Very professional and results were quick.  Would highly recommend.  Traditional Chinese Medicine. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	The best doctor I have ever had 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	Dr Bradley Yost is, by far, the best Internist that My Wife and I have experienced. He was our Primary Care Physician for better than 10 years. He would STILL be our Physician had we not relocated to San Diego. His manner and professionalism are absolutely the best and his Staff is second to none. I HIGHLY recommend this Doctor to anyone looking for a long term physician for you and your family.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	1	I started going to Dr. Hal Younglove last year. He took his time, was very good at explaining things and giving you a good overall picture, plus he recommends top-notch doctors for other things that you may need to have done. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	I have had the pleasure of knowing Dr. Younglove for many years. He is a practical ob/gyn. He is forth coming and takes his time with you. I had a miscarriage and have had him deliver some of my children. I would have liked all of them to be delivered but he had a health scare and removed himself from surgery and delivery. If he cared only about money he would not have done this. He really is down to earth! I would recommend him highly. His associates were wonderful with delivering my other children.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	-1	 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
8	0	I was told he was anice, gentleOB/GYN but he was rude, hurtful, and sarcastic at me about my issues.  	1	3	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	1	Dr. Younglove is very helpful.  He does not mind if you ask questions and he is ready to explain the answer in detail.  He never rushes you in and rushes you out.  Great Doc. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	I have seen Dr Younglove since I moved here from Memphis 3 years ago. My first impression was wow, he's not a professional looking Doctor. No, he didnt smell, his hair was a little long but so is mine for a 50+ year old. I gave him another try to give him the benefit of the doubt and found he is very down to earth, has never been late for my appt.'s, listens and responds to all my concerns and never has rushed me, I believe he has my best interest at heart, he recently declined to send an order to another medical facility to refer me to a surgeon of his choice to ensure I had the best possible care. I have every confidence in Dr Younglove for my health care 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	1	I was completely comfortable with Dr Hal Younglove.  During the exam he has a knack for cracking great jokes and easing the uncomfortable feeling you sometimes get when having this sort of an exam.  Excellent Dr and isn't there to impress you in any way other than to offer you top notch health care.   The entire office is great! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	1	Wonderful Dr.  He made my delivery a wonderful experience.  Now my friends also see him - which in my opinion is the best recommendation you can give.   My family thinks he is the best.  He makes you feel at ease and will take the time with you if needed.  His pts know he is always there for them.  Thank You  for being there.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	1	Hal has been my Dr for over 20 years. I have entrusted him with my 2 daughters as well. When you find a great doctor, you stay with him. That speaks volumes in itself. His nurse Mary has been with him for at least 20 years also. 	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	-1	I know I have Medicaid but it is not a reason to treat someone with poor care.  I waited over an hour to see him and found out he was at a long lunch and I don't think that is an excuse to be there at 2:15 for a 1:00 appointment.  	1	2	1	3 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
8	1	. My name is Ashly Osburn i am 24 years old and a mother of 4 hal has been a great ob/gyn but also a great source of information he never was aggitated at answering my questions and laughed if i had something stupid to say he delivered my daughter on short notice and i seen his daughter when i was pregnet with my twins they are the best doctors in the world and i would trust The Women's Health Care Group with my life and i know i would be ok Thank You for your gift and me and my family want to say thank you and that you are our angel!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
8	0	A physician with money on his mind and that's it! Even jokes about it with me during my last exam. Not real caring.  	4	3	2	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	1	I first went to Dr. Younglove 17 years ago since then he has saved my life twice and one of three of my childrens lives. He is very knowledgable and very percise. He was also was nice and explained things as needed. I would highly recommend him. Out of all of the visits I've had with him I have never known him to be groomed poorly or smell. I do know that he is a true doctor one there to help his patiants and not there just to collect a paycheck.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	-1	Impersonal and rushed me through my exam.  Had horrible body odor! Poorly groomed! 		3	2	2 	Insurance:Coventry
8	1	As opposed to some other doctors, Dr. Younglove is very thorough and takes time to make sure that he has addressed any concern. He also does a good job making you feel comfortable.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
8	1	I have been seeing Dr. Younglove for years. He is a wonderful doctor. He and his staff are always very helpful and make you feel comfortable. I have had many surgeries done by him, and he is why I have a 17 month old son today. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	Dr. Younglove is very understanding and professional. I felt like I was in good hands. He corrected my problem quickly and efficiently. His staff did fail to mention some side effects of surgery, but when I called, they explained everything and didn't make me feel stupid for asking. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	He delivered my brother and both my sister and I go to him also. Very funny and easy going. Makes you feel really comfortable and is very accomodating to your needs/wants. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	-1	After having my colonoscopy, he told me &quot;If it hurts to eat, don't eat.&quot; 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	Dr. Younger doesn't have the greatest bedside manner, but he absolutely knows his stuff! I also do believe he really cares about his patients, he is just a little socially hard to talk to. Im happy to be his patient.  	3	4	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	-1	Terrible chairside/bedside manner. Arrogant and brittle. Seems to care only for himself and very little for the patient. He is definitely one to avoid.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
10	1	Our family has used Dr. Younger numerous times. He performed a C-section, and assisted on another C-section. He is extremely competent, and used his own time to find further information on my diagnosis, going as far as to print our 20+ pages of information that he gave to me on a sunsequent visit. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	-1	Terrible chairside/bedside manner. Arrogant and brittle. Seems to care only for himself and very little for the patient. He is definitely one to avoid. 		1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	Dr Yang is great! He listens, he takes his time, and he geniuinely cares, and will run proper tests. However, his nurse is very rude. Something I have noticed in general from this office is their very rude,snotty nurses that seem to think they get to play doctor and talk down to patients. It's just a shame because this is the only negative thing I would ever say, and I bet Yang has only ever lost patients due to his nurse, Becky. 	1	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	dr. yang is awesome. very, very good with kids. he really listens to you. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	Very knowledgeable. Never feels rushed, he always has time for questions and genuinely listens to your concerns. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	Office staff is confused and very disorganized.I liked the doctor but the office staff does a horrible job.  	1	1	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	1	Dr. Yang is extremely intelligent and caring.  I think he is a wonderful doctor 	4	5	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
12	-1	always rushed. You can tell she is new to the practice of medicine. She was rude to her staff, but ok with me. 	4	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	This is my first pregnancy & so my first experience with OBs. Dr. Young always gives me her full attention, answers my questions, and is sincere. I trust her completely! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	Very personable and caring! She took as much time as I needed to answer my questions and I would have her deliver all of my babies! I recommend her to all my friends.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	1	Love Dr. Yu...takes time to listen and cares. Very personable and knowledgeable.  Feel very lucky to have found such a great doctor. 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	When my son was having trouble in school Dr. Yu spent at least 30 minutes talking to him about his goals and dreams. My son left his office and said mom he really cares about my future doesn't he. YES! Your kids do matter to this doc. He has made a difference in my sons life. Thanks Dr.  Yu for caring! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
13	1	We really, really like Dr. Yu!  Once he is in the examining room, you and your children are his only patients (though this is probably why there is some wait time).  He not only remembers my son's and daughter's names, but remembers their hobbies and interests too.  I have also never felt silly or over-reactive for asking questions or bringing up concerns.  I would highly recommend Dr.  Yu! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
13	1	Great doctor!! My child loves him. He's personable and is very knowledgeable and doesn't make you feel like your a crazy parent for asking 100 questions.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
14	1	Dr. Young is the most thourough doctor I have ever been to. I work in a pharmacy and I've dealt with a number of doctor's office that give poor service and only on &quot;their time&quot;. Dr. Youngs office searches until an answer is found, they are extremely quick in calling in prescriptions, and always give the most quality care! Thank you Dr. Bruce Young.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
14	1	Excellent care and personalized attention.  Dr. Young treats the patient and not just the problem. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	Extremely knowledgeable! Very kind &amp; exemplary bedside manners! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	-1	The man almost killed me by not paying attention to what his student was doing, he gave me a massive stroke, simply by neglect. Beware!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	Dr. Yowell is very nice! I had a wonderful experience with him. He explains everything thoroughly and discuss all options for care. I would recommend to anyone! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	Dr Ysidro and her entire staff are wonderful. From the time I walked in I felt welcome. Dr Ysidro is considerate of her patients, gives the most painless shots and has a gentle and kind chairside manner. She is always on time and speaks to you at length about any concern.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
19	1	Dr. David is the best when it comes to treatment and care of patients. He takes his time to listen and is very compassionate. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	I have been going to Dr. Yoo for 6 months and I haven't felt this good in years.  He is kind, professional, and very knowledgeable.  I feel less anxiety and am much more relaxed.  I have also had great improvement in pain in my shoulder.  With his help I have been able to improve my quality of life. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	Great guy, really understands how to treat people with care and respect. Highly reccomended. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	I've been going to Dr. Yoo since he started in Olathe several years ago.  I've had back problems, and he's eliminated them as they occurred.  I've had joint problems, and his accupuncture treatments have abated them.  I've had stomach issues and his therapies and Chinese herbs have eliminated them.  I've had tension and neck pain and his t treatments have ended them.  My brother had a severe foot problem and 'western' MD's gave him no relief...but Dr. Yoo did..and he was in GREAT pain prior to that.  I've sent at least a dozen people I know, or have met, who had issues and EVERY single one of them thanked me. He is extraordinary and I can't sing his praises enough.  It's too bad we don't have more doctors (including MD's!) that can help people the way he does.  My name is Terry Asbury and I'm proud to recommend Dr. David Yoo ... and you will be, too! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	Has helped with many different issues and pain efficiently. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	I was having severe pain in my neck and shoulders for a couple of years.  I was put on various drugs and went to physical therapy and nothing worked.  I was finally sent to Dr. Yoo. After just four sessions I was amazed at my improvement!  Now I return to Dr. Yoo whenever I feel the pain might be returning (about once a month). His knowledge of Chinese Medicine and acupuncture is amazing. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	Incredible results and very professional. Only required three visits for a condition unmanageable previously. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	I have taken my 4 children to Dr. Ye-Hu for 6 years and she is very good. Her scheduling staff always try to get you in when your child is sick. If Dr. Ye-Hu isn't sure about something she will go and double check herself and do research. I wish more doctors would do that. Her office isn't decorated like a 5 star hotel, but I don't care about that. I care about her ability and it's there.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
20	1	She is great. she is being checking my daughter since she was born. Always has been there for us when we need her. I would highly recomend her.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
20	1	. I think she is awesome, very caring, and her staff are so helpful, would recommend her highly 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
20	-1	She performed our sons circumcision right after his birth. He is now having to get it re-done a year later because she didn't do it properly. She also did not notify us that it was done improperly. She stopped accepting Tricare which covers our nations service members. From these two experiences, I would not recommend her to even my worst enemies.  		3	1	1 	Insurance:Tricare
21	1	Dr Young &amp; Karen Engel are great and helpful.  However the receptionist, appointment maker, and RN make everything incredibly difficult.  They are unfriendly, rude, and it is very hard to get a hold of anyone.  My guess is they are busy.  It is such a hassle that I am strongly considering changing doctors.  I have had a great deal of difficulty making appointments, with medical inquiries, getting medical leave paperwork.  Everything involves a lot of voice mails and having to call back.  Very frustrating.  I'm not a complainer, but I'm at my limit.  	1	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
21	1	Excellent doctor and very easy to talk with about your condition. For me, it is the most difficult system to schedule an appointment that I have encountered. I never was able to call and talk to a person to schedule an appointment. There was always a message that they would call back later and schedule the appointment. It made it very difficult for me to get an appointment. It is only because I consider doctor Young to be an excellent doctor that I continue to try to get through the scheduling system.  	1	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
