dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
2	1	commentsDr. Quann is the utmost, professional physician I have ever had the fortune of dealing with. His skills are beyond that of his colleagues and his bedside manner is exemplary.   I am confident in saying Dr. Quann is the best doctor I have ever known.   	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	comments 	5	3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
4	-1	.  all she wants to do is run test and get her money not help patients 	3	3	1	2	Insurance:Aetna
4	-1	 I never actually got to meet the doctor in the many times I visited the office for GI issues. It was always her assistant. I found the office staff to be completely incompetent. Of course she can be considered a great GI specialist---no matter what your symptoms she sends out for an EGD upon your first visit! I couldn't fork up the $3,000 it would cost me out of pocked for the test, so she did other tests upon my request. One of which she sent away to a lab in Maryland without my knowledge...$375 bill arrived and I was NEVER notified they would be sending lab work out of network. Terrible office logistics all around. Very disappointed.  	1	2	1	3	Insurance:Coventry
4	1	 I went to her after several other GI doctors and a stint in the hospital. All the other docs got it totally wrong. Dr. Quiason was really helpful with my condition which is really rare and told me just what to do and how to control it. The only complaint that I have it that she or her staff could have saved me a trip to the hospital if they would have simply checked the lab results earlier. I called after a few days and they told me they had not come in yet. I called back a couple days later, (after being in hosp.) and they said &quot;oh yea we have them, they came back a couple days ago&quot;)....&quot;AArg&quot;! That was a costly screw up on their part for me..and one that they never apologized for really. But I don't think it was really the Dr.s fault...just the dumb nurses fault. But, Dr. Q. is a good Dr. and knows her stuff.  	3	3	4	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
7	1	commentsDr. Quinn is one of the most talented and trusted surgeons that I found in my research. His bedside manner, ability to listen, and beautiful results will keep me referring friends to him.  His staff is like none other in Kansas City.  How did he find such knowledgable and patient employees&#63;  After my journey with him, I am not surprised at all that he was voted the best plastic surgeon in the Kansas City area. Paid/Co-pay:$5700	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
13	-1	commentsFitting new false teeth. Estimated ~$2,000. At EVERY VISIT, I requested discussion of progress, and all I ever got was &quot;sit down and let me look.&quot; I attempted to schedule an appointment to discuss why nothing was working, and the office refused to make an appointment for that. On her last demand for an additional $800, I sent a request for discussion/explanation, and she returned the payment and told me not to come back. Appliances she produced were and are unusable. 	3	4	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	 Very knowledgeable, friendly and professional.  Dr. Q. has been for doctor since she told over the practice of the former dentist at this location. Would rate her the BEST dentist in this area.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Delta Dental
13	1	 Very good and have no complaints about her dentistry. Highly recommend.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	1	commentsFrom the scheduling staff to the hygienists, to Dr. Quillan, a wonderful team. Highly recommended 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	 I have been a customer for a while now.  The dentist service us good and friendly 	4	5	5	4	Insurance:Delta DentalPaid/Co-pay:$20
