dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	-1	I went to see this group for a simple ear wax cleaning. They refused to see me because I would not give them my social security number and entire medical history, and sign a form that allowed them to share any and all medical information with ANYONE. The anyone was capitalized and underlined on the form. Wake up people, we are not lab rats. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	Dr Unruh has been my 4 boys doctor since my first was born 17 years ago. He is always patient &amp; doesnt rush us through our appointments &amp; always answers all of my questions. He even goes the extra mile &amp; talks to them about challenges kids their age face, doing good in school &amp; choosing friends wisely. He is a wonderful doctor &amp; we are very thankful.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
2	1	. nice guy good with my little boy he tells me new things every time i go in there 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
2	1	Dr. Unruh is wonderful with my daughter, he has been her pediatrician for 7 years now. His staff is excellent and although he is a very busy man he sees her very promptly. 	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	-1	This doctor has no business dealing with children. Today was my second visit with her. I wanted to give her the benefit of the doubt after being soo unhappy after the first visit. She was so impatient with my children. My very sick 3yr old didn't want her ears checked. The doc basically yelled at her that she was going to have to sit still or the exam would never be over. Maybe Dr. Unruh should practice in something other that pediatrics. My visit today was for a well child, and the doc had no tact for dealing with kids. She ordered my daughter around to do things. Our last pediatrian had soo much ease with kids, and he had such a great way of dealing with them. Dr. Unruh is terrible with children and I have felt both times she was short with me. Im soo disappointed because my last pediatrian was wonderful, but we moved and had to change docs.  Unfortunately we moved to a small town where there is terrible healthcare and a shortage of good doctors:( 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	-1	This doctor is one of the rudest, most uncaring human being I have ever encountered. He should have chosen a different career instead of the medical field. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	He's my favorite M.D!  Easy to get to know, personable, friendly, easy to contact, takes the necessary time with patients and doesn't rush through  appointments.  His staff is wonderful too!  Nice offices in a good location. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	-1	This doctor is apparently from South Africa and his accent is so thick that not only his patients, but also his co-workers complain that they cannot understand a word he says.   Worst of all, he seems to take it personally when people ask him to repeat himself! 	3	3	1	2 	Insurance:Medicare
5	-1	I went in and he did not even take my vitals. I came in for headaches and he assumed I was there for pain killers. I just want to find out whats wrong.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Coventry
5	1	I've been seeing Dr Uketui for about 7 uears. He is a very caribg and compassionate man. He.s not only my doctor, but also a friend.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	-1	He is chronically late by a minumum of an hour. 	3	1	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
6	-1	Made a mistake with my eye during a cornea transplant. 	2	1	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	The best endocrinologist in Topeka Kansas! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	very knowledeable and professional. Is conservative with meds.  Takes extra time if needed 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	Very caring lady, who helps greatly in dealing with troubling family issues, with respect and knowledge. I think highly of her as a doctor and a person.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	Dr. Utley has helped me thru out my adult life. If not for her I would probably be in a round heavily padded room. She did marriage counciling &amp; her thru the tragedy of my divorce.  I not only hold the upmost respect for her as a doctor but value her as a very understanding person &amp; value her kind heart &amp; endearing friendship! Sharrelian Sharri Adkins Zahnter 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
9	-1	This provider has a serious ethics issue.  While her reporting seems credible, she violates confidentiality almost as if she cannot help herself. 	5	4	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	It is very sad to know that other patients state this horrid remarks.  She helped me and to her I am grateful. Of course, it is well known tht only those that indicated these remarks. Most people know the high quality of Dr. Utley's physchogical visits and value them. It is just that the multitude that are her devoted clients and fans do not bother to tke the time to state the quality of superior counseling she has given. People are quick to write negative notes but where are all the orchid letters she should have received. It's amazing to me how people rush to judgement but slow or never to give praise! You are a terrific, Dr.  Utley, thank you, Maria Elena Theresa Bozich Rodriguez Friskel 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
9	-1	 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
9	-1	DO NOT GO TO HER AND DO NOT SEND ANYONE YOU CARE ABOUT TO HER: unethical, uneducated, awful doctor. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
9	-1	Very unethical. She was not punctual, and is being did not abide by the STATE AT ALL!!!!! 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	Helpful and ethical, she adhered to standards that are held by the State. 	4	5	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	-1	Inethical. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	Dr. Darin Upchurch and his staff were very helpful and made me feel extremely comfortable. I have never felt better since coming to see him. The headaches I had for years are now gone and I can now go through my entire day without suffering from the agonizing back pain that kept me from enjoying life. Thank you Dr.  Darin! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	1	The BEST and most caring Doctor you could ask for. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	Dr Unsderfer is an awesome doctor. when my son was born 14 years ago he came into my room and sat down in the recliner next to my bed and told me how my son was doing and after he put my mind at ease he just sat there with me and watched country music videos and we just talked about everything and nothing. I felt so comfortable with him that I decided that day that my children would become his patients and we've been with him for 14 years.he makes you laugh and always has a kind word.I hope he stays here in Hutchinson. We would miss him terribly if he left. You 'll never find a more honest caring doctor to take care of your babies.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
11	1	Dr.Unsderfer is the most caring and kindhearted doctor ever.My son had some problems when he was born so the hospital called him and he came immediately,running off the elevator to see my son and take care of him.He never rushes his patients out of his office just to rush another in.He always takes his time and makes sure you understand everything and answers all of your questions before letting you leave his office.Hes always in a great mood and really shows he genuinely cares.I couldnt ask for a better doctor for my children.I feel like his job means more to him than just a paycheck (like some do).He forms a friendship with his little patients and their parents too. I highly recommend him!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	1	Dr. Unsderfer is very comforting to children. He can put them at ease very quickly and is also very knowledgeable and is willing to take the time to answer any questions the patient or patient's parent may have. He has come into the office to handle an emergency during non-clinic hours. We are very grateful to Dr. Unsderfer.  	 8/21/08	5	4	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	1	excellent dr.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	1	highly regarded nationally 	3	3	3	5 	Insurance:Unknown
