dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	So very glad we found him for my mom.  He is very kind, interested, knowledgable and very willing to listen/explain and try different approaches in order to find what works/fits.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
1	1	Very kind compassionate doctor who spends time truly listening. One of the better physicians I have encountered.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	0	A few years ago, about 3, office staff not kind to patients when they entered office.  Sometimes leave feeling treatment/answers could have been more through.  	2	4	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	-1	I have found her to not be able to properly deal with the severe varicose veins. I had many procedures and as time went on I began to realize my symptoms were getting worse. She they were not willing to admit that. I am now having fixed what a vascular specialist is able to fix. I have nerve damage that cannot be reversed. While doing the procedures the staff was very unprofessional. They were discussing vacations, salaries, and other personal business affairs. I was floored.  	3	3	2	2 	Insurance:Coventry
4	1	I would highly recommend Dr. Osbern.  She figured out how to treat my asthma when the other doctors did not know what exactly is going on.  Through the years she has been patient and answered all my questions, no matter how full the waiting room was.  If you are looking for a pulmonologist with a knowledgeable background Dr Osbern is that person.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	Such a wonderful doctor. Treated my asthma when no one else could, is always pleasant, and I like the office staff.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	0	Dr. was helpful concerning my obstructive sleep apnea, but the office itself is old, needs refurbishment, and the rooms and equipment are not clean.  I witnessed bodily fluids that had dried on an examining table.  ICK.  	2	2	3	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	0	Business oriented rather than patient oriented. Doctor's staff unpleasent to deal with, will lie to doctor in order to rid themselves of a patient they don't like or will play scheduling games with patient.  		3	1	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	Dr.Rita is wonderful! Every time I go I know it's a few hours of my life I can't get back but she is worth the wait.  She is busy because she has so many patients BECAUSE everyone loves her.  	4	1	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	I've been with Dr Rita for close to 13yrs.  She is very knowledgable and thorough.  But she is never on time!  I can be the first appointment of the day and still wait 45 mins to be seen. I wish I had all the time in the world to see her but my family and daily schedule won't permit it. 	4	1	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	I love Dr. Rita.  She is very pro-active, great bed side manner, will listen to you and always help.  I highly recommend her.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	. She is wonderful and amazing! I cannot imagine having a baby and her not being my doctor! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
5	1	Dr. Oplotnik is a top notch doctor. She is very knowledgable, and takes her time with patients. I feel she meets all your needs, is smart, and she is compassionate. An excellent doctor. She does run behind a little, she's very popular. Her staff could be friendlier. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	 	4	1	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	I saw Dr. Rita for the fist time yesterday. It's been a long time since I've been so comfortable with a doctor. She is kind, thorough and easy to talk to.  I'm thrilled to have found someone I'll be able to take my whole family to!! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
5	1	Dr. Rita has been my doctor for about 15 years. She is very nice and hasa a lot of knowledge in many areas of the medical field. I would highly reccommend her you need an OBGYN or just a family doctor.  		4	4	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
6	1	Great, caring doctor who took time to listen to my symptoms. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	fast friendly staff, Dr. Oxler is also very helpful and friendly during your visit.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	1	Dr. Owens is one of the most thoughtful physicians I've ever seen. He really takes the time to listen to your problems, and has figured out issues in my medical history that others have overlooked. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend him to friends or family, and hope that lots of folks see this too! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	-1	13yr old female w/foreign body in eye; school nurse said it was an eyelash; Dr. Opplinger didn't even look into the eye and decided it was pinkeye; an overnight cold compress solved the problem but still cost me 87.00 	5	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	Incredibly caring Doctor.  He is always willing to give his time to listen to your concerns.  He will answer any questions you have.  His greatest gifts are compassion backed with a keen insight on what the best immediate treatment should be for his patients.    When he encounters a patient with a chronic condition he researches it on his own time and keeps abreast of any new treatments.  He brings the words healing and compassion to the profession.  He also specializes in sports medicine so he knows how to diagnose and treat any sort of sprain or strain.  His new office has walk in urgent care hours so it is a great place to go when you get hurt playing ball or sword-fighting after work.  	2	4	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
10	1	Dr. Ottinger is the best I've known in my 53 years. His leaving Encomass is a huge loss for them. I hope that he stays in the K.C.area and continues to practice, if not he will be sorely missed be myself and my family.         Edward D. Fulps Sr. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	Very friendly and helpful. I saw him for 2 years and he helped me greatly 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	-1	.  	4	5	2	2 	Insurance:Assurant
12	0	I went to Dr. O several times...he refused to do surgery on me and instead referred me to a bunch of clowns that I had to deal with for several years before I just got fed up and went back to him and asked him again could he do something&#63; He said yes, did a hemilamenectomy-which totally turned out bad AND MADE BY BACK PAIN MUCH MUCH WORSE! This guy's bedside manner is terrible too. He is very very intimidating and doesn't like you to ask questions. I heard he was good, but not so much I guess. He never followed up with me after the surgery and could have cared less about the outcome...he passed me on to his physician's assistant! And his secretary, Maria, thinks SHE is the doctor....good luck with her.  	2	3	3	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
12	1	Great doctor- quick &amp; to the point.  Didn't dilly-dally; said we'd tried our options and need to do surgery or I won't really ever feel better- he is confident but never cocky- very down to earth.  I feel very safe going in to have surgery with him leading the way. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	Maria his staff tries to run everything. If you can get past her you'll be ok.Dr. O'boynick is great. 	1	5	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	Dr. O'Boynick completed back surgery on me.  He is very skilled at his job.  I met with him on Monday at his Olathe Med office, and was on the table Friday of the same week.   Dr. O'Boynick is very timely- (no doinking around), which is nice because I don't remember what his waiting area looks like... unlike my family practice Dr.'s office.  No concerns from me, hats off to Dr. O'Boynick.  He has skill.   :) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
12	1	Not sure why he has a waiting room, I have never had to sit in it for longer that a minute or two, and some times not sat down at all. Dr. O'Boynick is very smart and a very compassionate person, which means a lot to a person who was in a lot of pain. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	dr.o'boynick is the best,he saved my life on feb.22. at ku hospital.he is a doctor who really is the best all around.and i want to thank him once again. for saving my life from a brain aneurysm.i am forever greatful.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
13	1	Dr. O'Connell treats our whole family of five.  He is very knowledgeable and informative has a great attitude. Although he is busy he runs on time most of the time and is always willing to work us in if special attention is required.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
14	1	 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	0	I was not impressed with Dr. O'Hara.  She did not listen to what I was saying and started answering my questions before I could even finished, based on what she THOUGHT my question was going to be.  It was already a stressful time, and then I got so frustrated with her that I ended up crying.  I would not recommend her. 	5	4	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	We were sent to see Dr Ohara when several genetics screenings came back that we were at a high risk for a defect. During our sonogram (I was at 23 weeks) we found that the baby had died. The nurse was so incredibly compassionate. When the doctor came in to talk with us she was kind and patient as we cried. She kept hugging me and holding our hands as she spoke. She explained what would happen next and all of the tests that we would have to make decisions about at the hospital. Her nurse took notes for us. This is the only appointment that we had with her but I was thankful to have her help. I have not one bad thing to say about the Dr or her staff. We did not experience a single moment of rudeness or poor bedside manner. Thank you Dr. O'Hara! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	-1	Crap Office. Don't waste your time or money! Horrible service if you're lucky enough to actually see a doc.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
15	-1	Spent 3 1/2 hours at this office and didn't even see the damn doctor!! Waited for an hour past our appt time for our sonogram and then were put in the exam room where we waited for 2 HOURS!! We finally got up and left. All the nurses had to say was &quot;we don't blame you&quot;.  Ridiculous! The doctors need to wait to take their lunch breaks until all the patients they have scheduled have been seen rather than place pregnant women in a room for hours without an explanation! Horrible service and I wouldn't recommend this office to my worst enemy!! 	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:CIGNA
15	1	Dr O'Hara is the kindest, most knowledgeable perinatologist I have ever met.  She was so compassionate and caring during my high risk pregnancy.  I had several visits with her during my pregnancy.  Would recommend her to friends and family.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	1	Diagnosed my wife with a partial molar pregnancy, and along with Dr. Delmore saved her life.  My wife and I have nothing but positive things to say about our experience with Dr. O'Hara.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	-1	During a very high risk pregnancy I got to see this doctor and I was very surprised by her rude, negative attitude.  I think she may be very knowledgeable, but bedside manor goes along way with scary situations such as this one 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
15	-1	I had to go to Dr.O'Hara's office for a sonogram. It was the worst experience ever. They were SO RUDE. I actually started crying. It should have been an exciting day for my husband and I because that was the day we would find out the sex of our baby but it was horrible. 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	We were referred to her for a high risk pregnancy.  We thought that she was nice and listened to us, and alleviated a lot of our fears.  	5	3	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	0	I would never see her again.  The staff was less than competent.  If i didn't have a conditon that required seeing a specialist and she wasn't the only one in the area I would have never went back to her office after the first visit.  It was the worst experience that I have had in a Dr's office I during my pregnancy need to visit her office 6 times.  Everytime there was some sort of problem.  I ususally spent 2 hours there most of that time in the waitng room. 	1	1	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	Dr. Leslie was very knowledgeable about my shoulder. I felt better when i walked out of the office.  I love this office! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
16	-1	I used this chiropractor and saw absolutely no results. 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	This office isnt the typical stuffy office. Dr. Leslie is very thourough but seems to love what she does and has fun teaching the patient while she works.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	Dr. O'laughlin is an excellent cardiologist. He has been treating our son since he was 2 days old. He's a careful, considered doctor of the old school of patient care... that is to say he actually CARES about his patients and always has time to talk to you about ANY questions you might have. He'll even draw you a picture to help explain a procedure or problem.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
18	1	He is very patient oriented and tries to accomadate what the patients want as much as he can within reason/policy. Takes time to answer any and all questions and will give you detailed explination of things to make sure you understand. He delivered my son in 06 and i hope hes there to deliver this one as well if my midwife is unavaliable.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
19	1	He is very patient and helpful when talking about my eye allergies.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
19	1	Doctor was very helpful in understanding everything going on in my eyes. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	. Personable, listens, caring, sense of humor, trustworthy 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
21	1	I have been through two pregnancies with Dr. Okie. During the first, I found out at 20 weeks that my baby wouldn't survive. Dr. Okie was overwhelmingly caring and compassionate in handling the remainder of my pregnancy and delivery. I chose to return to Dr. Okie for my 2nd pregnancy and could not have been happier with the care and attention received from Dr. Okie and his staff. After running into complications again, I believe his quick actions saved my baby's life. I would recommend him to any and everyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	GOOD BEDSIDE MANNERS COMPASSIONATE AND CARING.  VERIFIES THAT YOU UNDERSTAND ALL INSTUCTIONS 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	Dr OKIE is a wonderful OB/GYN,he safe my life as well as my baby's life. In my son face, I also see Dr. okie because he gave my family everlasting joy.  He is one of the best OB/GYN, I will highly recommend him to anyone in search of a very good OB/GYN 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
21	-1	My baby almost died while he was my ob/gyn. Left the baby in for 45 minutes with a decreased heart rate and never mentioned a c-section. Suffered brain hemoraging, kidney failure, and intestinal injury. 	2	1	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	Dr. Okie is very good at what he does.  Will spend a good deal of time with you including explaining options.  You don't feel rushed into a making a decision.  I would recommend him to anyone. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	Bilingual and very nice. 		3	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	Has been our family doctor since 2003.  Dr. O is very intelligent and caring about each patient.  She hires the best staff, and runs a very efficient office.  I would highly recommend her if you are looking for a great doc. She knows her stuff and keeps up to date with medical info.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	I have taken my Mother to Dr. Orender since 2004. She is very good with older patients (Mother is 85).  She is well connected with specialtists and she is very good about keeping a good line of communication going with other doctors (specialtists)on conferring on important issues. she is respectful.  She keeps up-to-date on new proceedures and has the patients best interest at heart.  She makes in effort to &quot;know&quot; each patient's life style &amp; interests so as to be able to them to continue a good quality of life, she values thier opinion and isn't pushy, but encourages healthy decisions.  I would definately recommend her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
23	1	Excellent knowledge.  Doesnt just prescribe meds and move on to the next patient.  I had a lingering condition not diagnosed by 3 other doctors in other cities, she figured it out in 10 minutes and the MRI confirmed it.  Good follow up care after that.  Dr Orender is great.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
24	1	Very good and caring doctor.  Takes time to listen and answer questions. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	Dr Olyaee is exceptional ,very knowledgeable and listens to all symptoms and issues well.He is very personable and I would recommend him to anyone however you will have to wait several months for an appointmnet.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	0	Not a good experience at all.....The office staff is rude and heartless. Dr. Opie seems to be late every appt. Please research before using this Dr.  	2	1	2	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	1	One of the best doctors i ever met.Congratulations Dr.Obeid.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
