dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	Dr.Hett saved my brother's life while still in residency in the ER. Has delivered 4 of my siblings and 3 of my own children. I have never felt as confident in a doctor as I do him. If he is ever unsure of himself he never hesitates to ask a partner's opinion or send us to a specialist. I have never heard a bad word about him from any other doctor or nurse, which in my opinion speaks volumes for his character and knowledge. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
1	0	He is an OK DR he is kind and a little quiet. The office uses hospitalists to go to the hospital, and does not go himself.  I would prefer to see my own DR 		4	3	3 	Insurance:Coventry
2	1	I HAVE BEEN A PATIENT OF DR HILL'S FOR ABOUT 15YEARS NOW AND I WOULDN'T CHANGE DR'S FOR NOTHING IN THIS WORLD DR HILL IS CARING PRO ACTIVE HE WANTS YOU INVOLVED IN THE CARE OF YOUR HEALTH HE LISTENS, RESEARCH, AND WHEN ITS OUT OF HIS LEAGUE HE WILL REFER YOU HE NEVER SAYS NO I LOVE MY DR HILL AND I THANK GOD FOR HIM AND HIS PRACTICE TAKE CARE AND GOD BLESS DR HILL AND HIS CARE TEAM I LOVE YOU ALL!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	Dr. Hill is a great Doctor.  He listens to you and never rushes you out.  He has helped me live a normal life with Astma.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	I LOVE DR HEIT!!!!!  he has been my ob/gyn since 2006, through the birth of 2 babies and one miscarriage.  i feel like he has great bedside manner--he's professional, calm, caring, friendly... i just love him.  he has seen me through a lot of emotional issues related to my ob/gyn stuff and i wouldn't trade him for anyone.  he has always gone above and beyond for me.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	Dr. Heit was not my ob-gyn but he delivered my son.  He was wonderful. He was very calm and friendly, also encouraging during delivery.  I've seen other doctors in that practice (Including Dr. Arroyo- who I LOVE!!!  and is my usual OB -delivered my 1st child).  Dr. Heit came in on Sunday to check on me and make sure everything was going well.  He took time to answer any questions I had. I thought his bedside manner was great.  I would definitely recommend him.  He seems quiet and reserved- so if you're looking for someone outgoing....search dr. errick arroyo.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	Dr. Heit is a wonderful doctor.  He is very conservative.  He listens to your concerns and takes them seriously.  He is the kind of doctor who would rather take the time to rule out an issue than leave you worrying about it.  I have been seeing him my entire pregnancy.  I am a high-risk pregnant woman due to a previous loss.  He has made me feel more comfortable than I ever thought I would during this pregnancy.   I highly recommend him! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	Not sure where the negative comments come from. I have to wonder if there was some name confusion involved. I have known Dr. Heit for 20+ years and drive an hour out of my way to see him once a year. I have never seen him any way but extremely gracious, caring and down to earth. He makes time to spend with his patients even if he may be a bit behind, so I never mind waiting either. In the 15 or so years that I have been his patient, I have only had to wait once for him when an emergency delivery bumped my appointment time. He is, after all, a DOCTOR emergencies are bound to happen. I have the greatest confidence in his abilities and plan to be a patient of his until I no longer require the services of a GYN.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
3	1	Dr. Heit is great! My husband and I have been trying to get pregnant and he has been very helpful and compassionate in the entire process. The fertility nurse (Marsha) is also very knowledgeable. Unfortunately, we are still not pregnant but Dr. Heit has referred us to a specialist.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
3	-1	Dr. Heit, not my regular ob/gyn saw me post-hysterectomy @ hospital in '98.  What a total JERK!!  I would never see him individually, nor will I ever forget his arrogant, uncaring behavior.  	2	2	1	2 	Insurance:Coventry
3	1	The staff is very unfriendly and unhelpful although the nurses vary depending on who you speak to.  Went in for my appointment a few times only to be asked to reschedule b/c Dr. Heit was in surgery (they could have called me).  	1	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	0	I always have to wait way over my appointment time.  Doctor seems rushed and burned out. Adequate performance w/ the surgery but just adequate.  Not pleased with office staff or front desk. 	3	2	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
3	-1	Does not have the best bedside manner. Acted like it was a privilege to be in his presence. He also could have been nicer to the staff when he came into my daughter's delivery room. 	5	5	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	 	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	Dr. Heit is an excellent OB/GYN & surgeon. He took care of my ovarian cystadenoma and called in Dr. John C. Weed (also excellent reputation) for the surgery. Thank goodness it turned out benign.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	Dr Heit delivered by son via c-section and I would never consider going elsewhere for delivery of my future children.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	Dr. Heit was absolutely wonderful! He really took the time to listen to my concerns and answer all my questions. I didn't feel like he was rushed or in a hurry to get to the next patient - which is rare these days! He had an excellent demeanor - very laid back and also serious and very knowledgeable. I HIGHLY recommend this physician to others. Excellent experience. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	-1	.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
4	-1	I cannot recommend this doctor, his lack  lack of compassion to my condition or willingness to try anything to help was surprising.  	5	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	-1	Dr. Heady was very arrogant and rude. He is not personable and doesn't seem to know what he is talking about.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Coventry
5	1	Had surgery to repair ligaments in right ankle and remove bone chip from rolling ankle multiple times. Dr. Heady and staff were punctual, professional, and courteous every visit. Only negative is that they charged an extra $20 to complete and/or update my standard leave of absence forms each time . . . and they wouldn't bill this 'admin service' to my insurance so I have to file the claims myself . . . standard office services like this should be included.  	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
5	-1	I had to wait over an hour to see him.  I first saw his nurse and then Pa all in a short time. Had an xray.  Waited 15 min to meet him.  He asked me if I had been in an accident, I said no, he explained I had pulled my achilles heel and needed to wear a boot other alternative was cutting the achilles heel in half and reattaching and I to try physical therapy and he left.  Nurse came in with boot, put it on me and I was dismissed.  I was not treated poorly but I am 61 yrs old and have worked in the medical field and I was not comfortable with him or his staff.  I had questions but was not given the chance to ask.  I had such misgivings about him that I am seeking out another doctor.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	-1	He speak too quickly, doesn't listen. He promised to correct my right foot, and he corrected nothing, if anything he made my foot worse.  He left a huge gap on the side of my foot, where he fixed my bunion.  He yanked out my pins with no remorse, eventhough one was bent, at one end, at about a 40 degree angle.  He never showed me the post surgery xrays, it took 6 weeks to take out my stitches.  I'm extremely dissatisfied with this whole process.  If I had know how much pain and anquish I would be put through, just to have my foot worse off, than before, I definitely would not have done this.  I too am thinking of finding an attorney because this should not have happened.  He claimed has has done hundreds of this type of surgery successfully, now I'm not so sure.  On the bunion repair area I'm left with a gaping hole, about 2 inches in length, 3/4 inches in width, and about 1/4 inch in depth, therefore I have to use a special ointment on it for the next two weeks.  	1	3	2	2 	Insurance:Coventry
5	0	i'm not sure what to say.  i've been in so much pain and feel like i'm treated poorly but him and his dr.s  i have a plate in my foot and  now i drag my foot from behind.  i cannot walk on this at all and he  isnt helping in this manner.  i ask why this is happing and he claims its another issues not his.  he is wrong this isnt another issue this is his fault.  he will be getting a lawsuit. 	3	3	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
6	-1	He put a drill down the front of my gums causing infection and I lost that tooth and three more.  Then he talked about my case with a mutual friend of ours which is a HIPPA violation.  He never admitted what he did and he never refunded the money I paid.... 	3	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	Very friendly and remembers all of his patients.  I've never had one single issue with Dr. Hildebrand, and his staff is welcoming and willing to help set up payment plans if you don't have dental insurance. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	Excellent service and care. Personable, warm, friendly and competent.  Also explains issues very well, and answer all my questions! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	-1	She completely broke confidentiality, numerous times, without cause (i.e. there was no plan to hurt myself or others). She met with the person footing my bill behind my back. Not knowing this, I eventually started telling her things about my past that I wanted to try to work through. Because the person that was paying my bill was a part of some of these issues, Ms. Hintz told me that I was lying. I was very hurt, but I went back for one more appointment to try and work it out with her. She wouldn't have it. I think she just thought that if she didn't side with this other person, then she'd lose our business. Well, she lost it, but because of her neglegence and questionable ethics. On another note, I know of two other friends that have seen her for eating disorder issues. One of them realized that Ms. Hintz was no help to her and changed therapists (and is doing well now). The other is convinced she's cured because of Kori, yet remains very unhealthy in her eating habits. 	1	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	Dr. Handoo is an amazing psychiatrist and one of the best in the Kansas City area. He always takes time to listen and truly cares about me as a person.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	I have been taking my two children for the last 4 years and I have always had a great experience. The staff and same dentist are very caring. My son had to have a root canal a couple of times and they were very good about explaining the procedure and making sure my little guy was comfortable. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	Excellent to work with.  Also great with special needs kids! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	I was simply amazed by how extremely caring and knowelegable the whole staff is. I have been treated like I was being herded in and out of visits before and that was what I was expecting here. I am very happy to report that there are still medical professionals that do it because they care, not because of the money. My little girl was so scared to go, but she had a cavity that I could see and we needed to be seen immediately. They got us an appt and by the time we were finished my little one could not stop asking me when she gets to &quot;Visit Dr Matt and her new friend the tooth lady&quot; again.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
12	1	Dr. Matt was able to see us right away. He and his staff were very friendly and put my child at ease. His new office is very bright and cheery and he took time to explain to my child and nyself what he was going to do.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
13	1	Dr. Harden is wonderful! Very helpful, kind and never rushes. Was willing to squeeze me in when needed. I would recommend them to everyone!!! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	Dr. Harden really takes time for answering questions and concerns. He is never in a rush like many other doctors. He is very attentive, helpful, and knowledgeable. The wait time at his office is never long and they will always fit people in who need to have an appointment right away.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	Exceptional,thorough,very caring, precise,knowledgable,a lot of integrity, kind, professional, couldn't ask for anyone better 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	-1	He had no concern for his patient. Showed no concern or knowledge of their medical condition and the patient ended up dying.  	3	3	1	2 	Insurance:Medicare
15	-1	The positive comments must be written by his staff - this guy's a jerk.  Must have gone to the &quot;my way or the highway&quot; school of medicine.  Makes snap judgments and dismisses any alternate viewpoint. 	4	3	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
15	-1	Dr. told my daughter she absolutely, positively could not miss any of her med.s. (really put the fear of god into her), but wouldn't renew Rx until old med.s all used.  She'd called to let his office know she was on the way from her college, 150 miles away, and what time she'd be there.  Door was locked when she got there.  I fought my way through his answering service.  He was angry about being called during off-duty hours, and refused to give up the script.  On Monday, discovered that he had taken himself off case, still without giving Rx.  She had to find another doctor, make arrangements with insurance, etc.  New doctor told her that missing a few days wasn't that big of a deal, but she was petrified for the better part of a week before hearing that.  	3	2	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	1	I liked the fact that I wasn't waiting for a long time. I didnt even completed the general sheet and i was called in! The only thing is that I paid 80 bucks and he didnt even look at my skin. Just wanted to know what I have a problem with and he prescribed me something without talking about options and stuff...I wish he would take a little bit more time to discuss things. 	5	5	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	Very nice Doctor, always starts off by asking me how life is treating me. The best receptionists and nurses! I would recommend to everyone. I never have to wait long at all to get called back (morning appointments) and the doctor is in within five minutes.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
15	1	I love Dr. Haque. He's very smart and easily diagnosed my conditions. I would recommend him to others! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	His bedside manner needs some work. He speaks so softly I had to ask him to repeat himself a few times. He seems to be in a hurry to get to the next patient. He's not rude but not friendly either. 	5	5	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	best dermatologist I have been to! Would highly reccomend him. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	Very knowledgeable. Quickly diagnosed my condition and issued a prescription. Not very friendly or charismatic. Appeared anxious to get out of the room. I would recommend him if you don't need a smile with your assessment. 		5	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	Dr Hart was my PCP for 20 years. He is Fantastic. Very caring. Wish I could say the same for his nurses. Over the past few years they have gotten sorrier and sorrier. Don't hold that against him though, he is very caring, listens to detail and explains things where they are easy to understand.  	1	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	John Hart has the worst staff in town.  He as a doctor is fine but the attitude of his staff is below par.  Wait time is very long, I have been there several times, and I needed to wait more than 40mins every time. I feel sorry for him to have those unprofessional staff.  	1	2	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	Dr Hart has been my PCP for about 12 years.  I am a nurse practitioner. My husband and his sister are also patients.  He is FABULOUS.  Very knowledgeable, kind, and caring.  He always takes the time explain what he's thinking and why.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	Dr. Hart has been our family physician for many years.  He is a very carring person and is easy to talk to.  He often goes above and beyond what is required to take care of his patients.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
16	1	I have had Dr. Hart as my doctor for nearly twenty-five years. He knows his stuff, and he is very easy to talk to. My family and I will be his patients until he retires. Which I hope is never. :) 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	dr. hart has been treating me and my family for about 6 years ihave been very pleasded with him and wouldnt want anyone else. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	Spends a lot of one on one time with you. Very knowledgable and helpful! Great bedside manner.  The wait is sometimes close to 30 minutes, but it's because she makes sure she doesn't cut any appointment short.  Definitely worth waiting for her expertise! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
18	1	Dr. Hakala did emergency surgery on my 8-month-old's femur. He was knowledgable, professional, and reassuring. He's soft-spoken with excellent bed-side manner. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	I've seen Dr. Hartong for about 30 years now.  After searching and going through about 5 gastro docs when I was younger, I finally came across this caring group of doctors.  His nurse, Cheryl Lynn, is absolutely the best nurse I have ever come into contact with as well.  They make up quite the professional team.  If you have an ailment, he will find it and fix it promptly and no messing around.  He will sit you down and explain everything to you that he found and what you need to do from here on out to get yourself healthy.  I will never go to anyone else.  I trust him and he is a man of integrity.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
20	1	He takes the tinme with you,He never looks down on you. I'm 66 years old &amp; he is just, one of the best.Hes alwaysv acts happy to see you.             M.  Smith 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
20	1	This man has helped me with my extensive medical hx for many years.  He's great! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	Awesome doc! He took great care of me. Very caring and understanding my situation and condition.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Veterans Administration
21	1	Dr. Hallock is an outstanding doctor. He took of me in the hospital while I was in ICU. He really respects us Vets.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Veterans Administration
21	1	Outstanding doctor. I will miss him as my doctor. He works on the inpatient side now.  		3	5	5 	Insurance:Veterans Administration
22	1	I am surprised at how while she does in regards to punctuality. She follows through well on all my concerns and does an excellent job managing medications. Personally I do not care for the staff nor Pat Dywer they are stand offish and don't listen. So don't waste time talking with them wait on Dr. Hatfield. It will be worth your wait.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	-1	So-called Dr. Hatfield blew off my concerns about a breast lump for 9 months, leading to a huge delay in diagnosis.  She did NOT follow the current guidelines for workup of a breast lump.  She did NOT refer me adequately for a mammogram, ultrasound, or to a surgeon.  Stay far, far away if you value your life.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	1	Dr Hatfield and her P.A. Pat Dwyer are both excellent in regards to the time and care given to each patient. I have been seeing both for at least 10 years and have never had a negative experience. They really do care about their patients.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	1	great doc, have used her for about 5 years, she listens, she takes her time explaining, shes very thorough and knowledgeable. Her PA Pat Duyer is also fabulous! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	Always spends whatever time it takes to resolve all issues 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	Dr. Handshy was very caring about his patient.  He responded to our concerns and worked hard to address them.  We highly recommend this Dr.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
24	1	My husband has gone to Dr. Heaney several times for steroid injections/pain management.  He has a wonderful bedside manner, is very kind, thorough, and knowledgeable. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	-1	I was a patient of Dr Heaney in 2002 and he put a morhpine pump in for me.  In april of 2003 I started having problems with withdrawal.  He fixed the pump the first time it happened. After severe pain and numereous painful tests at 3 different hospitalizations, and a new Dr  I was told that it was the pump was not working properly.  After the pump was repaired by the 2nd physican I have had not problems.  Dr Heaney's bedside manner was horrible, and unprofessional. 	1	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	Dr. Haake and his staff are very friendly people. Not only that, their highly skilled and knowledgeable. I've been to different dentist offices where the main objective was to get paid. Dr. Haake was not at all like that. He explained  to me he didn't feel comfortable doing the procedure I wanted and I respected him for his honesty alone.  If the office could only stay open or even on weekends I'd be a client for life! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
26	-1	My wife and I both have used Dr. Haag for 6 years.  Our last visit will be our last.  He is very cocky, and our impression is he is in it for the money.  He was put out by a second question we had, he said &quot;oh, another diagnosis&quot;  Very bad patient relations.  It has only got worse over the years.  We seemed like an &quot;inconvienence&quot; in his day.  It's too bad, I believe he is a good doctor.  	4	4	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	0	I have been seeing Dr. Haag for 6 yrs and my last visit will be just that, my last visit! He really gives you the impression that he only wants to sell his services and not his care like a good doctor should.  One other patient in this rating said that he give you the brush off and that is true.  I shared a concern with Dr. Haag and he said that he didn't have time to look at it and would have to make another appt.  No with him!  One second it would of taken him out of accumulating hours I have waited on him.  	5	1	1	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	0	Extremely bad table manners. He does not even speak to the patient.. the nurse answers the question most of the time.. and the wait time is horrible.. atleast an hour. 	3	1	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
26	0	I have been seeing Dr. Haag for over 7 years.  I decided to switch doctors for the following reasons.  Always, I wait 40 minutes to see him.  So if you want to have your appointment over your lunch break.  Think again.  From start to finish, you will be in his office for 1 1/2 tops and never less.  His wait time is horrible.  Also, I feel he is not looking out for my needs.  The last time I had an appointment with him.  He tried to sell me products I didn't need.  For example, he tried to sell me Latisse.  I don't have poor eyelashes.  I decided to switch. I was tried of his bull.  I hope this helps you. 	3	1	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	Dr. Haag is the first doctor to provide me with helpful medication in which I was able to see immediate results.  After 4 years of frustration because of other prescriptions not fixing my acne, it was nice and a relief to have a doctor who took the time to truly provide some sort of help.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
26	-1	Don't go here is you are DEAF and need an interpreter! The first visit we were told they do not provide them. We had discussion,I explained ADA, and said they don't have that choice. The second visit they provided one, but Dr. Haag gave us a very fast rude brush off, sending us&quot;somewhere else&quot;.  Very frustrating! 	3	4	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
27	1	Dr. Hartvickson is wonderful to work with! She puts your at your ease.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
27	1	Dr. Hartvickson is good about listening to your concerns and addressing each one. Her bedside manner is superb! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	Wonderful doctor, gave me answers about my son that I couldnt get from other doctors in a year. She actually listens to parents concerns and find answers for us.  I definetly recommend her office.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
28	1	. Excellent , on time, very knowledgable 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	1	Very knowledgable. Focuses on the patient's concerns. Excellent Doctor.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
30	1	very good doctor  good bedside manners  tells it like it is   office help great 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	-1	Worst doctor, did not even know my son went to emergency room. No communication with inpatient ward. Mixed up the meds. Did not accept responsibility. Double and triple booked on appointments. Max time spent with a patient 5-10 minutes, focuses on students more than patients. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	A very good doctor that knows her stuff well. ALL. I can say she is very very good. One of the best in her field`````````````````````````````````` 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
32	1	Very happy with visit.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
33	1	Amazing to see a doctor care so much, and spend more than 5 minutes with a patient.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	1	Dr. Henwood is the best Dr. in Wichita. He is a wonderful man. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	Dr. Henwood & Dr. Jodie Barnett are the best bedside manner Doctors I have known.  They are my friends.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	1	We have been using him for 16 years! He is wonderful! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	He is very supportive, knowledgable and friendly.  His help was more than I could have hoped for.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
36	1	Wow!! That pretty much sums it up. He is one awesome doctor who took care of my two daughters for a few years, (until they graduated and left home). He is very good at what he does and works diligently to get to the bottom of what is ailing you. He is great at everything he does, can't say enough good things about Dr. Herrington. He is at the hospital now though, he works E.R.  He is one of the best doctors Salina has to offer! 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	1	He is fantastic! I would pick him over any other physician in Salina. He is the best. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	I would not trust my health to any other physician. Herrington is personable, easy-to-talk-to ,and always ready to listen. He takes a pro-active approach to being an advocate for my health, rather than a glum preacher I am hesitant to visit. He is simply the only doctor in my life I have looked forward to seeing. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	Dr. Herrington is very friendly and treats the problem. He does not just medicate the symptoms. He is open and willing to work w/chiropractic, accupressure, etc. He is proactive rather than reactive. He is good w/kids as well as adults.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	1	Incredible Doctor, very kind and caring! Love him!! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	Dr. Hetlinger is very friendly, intelligent, and quickly describes the medical issues to you.  He's helped me with physicals, labs, and other issues.  He's very busy, but it's well worth the wait.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	1	A very understanding and caring physician.  She is very interested in your thoughts of what is going on with your health issues, and very open with other options you may have.  She was the best with end of life issues. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
39	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	She is always up on the latest research, but her bedside manner isn't good. She always spends more time talking to me about my weight than anything else. I get it, I'M FAT! I try really hard to lose weight, but I'm a failure at that. Fat is all she sees or thinks about when I'm there. Sometimes I wonder if she might miss a real issue bc she is so focused on fat. I wish she would stick to treating me for my female issues. I have a regular Dr. that I see every few months and I think that should be his area. It's bad enough being naked, spread eagle in the stirrups and your doctor has to shame you about your weight. I know she is just trying to be helpful, but it makes me dread every appointment. It also makes me put off my annual exams because I know that I'll just end up upset. I also hate that patients get weighed in an area where lots of people are passing by.  In short, she's great if you are thin, but otherwise, find a Dr who realizes how vulnerable a trip to the gyno makes you feel! 	4	2	3	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	1	She is very thorough and knowledgable.  Willing to consider more than just the obvious. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	Dr. Heaphy is the best pediatrician.  I would steer clear of Evelyn from his office, because she's talks bad about some of the other pediatricians.  Every time I come in with my son, she's either mean to the patients or she retaliates against their office staff.  	1	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
42	1	Dr Hendricks is an outstanding doctor and surgeon. He performed a total hip replacement for me when other surgeons were reluctant to because of the damage in the joint, and my weight of 350 lbs. I have NO complaints about Him, his staff, or the hospitol. I am so impressed with Dr Hendricks manners and knowledge, and willing ness to teach you whats wrong while working with you, if he were a general practice doctor, he would be mine.  A Great Doctor! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
43	0	I can't understand a word he says! 	5	4	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	I've been seeing Frank for years and don't believe he would scream at anybody. I've always found that he will address any issue brought to his attention.  	4	2	4	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
44	0	Not told of labs prior to appt. that require fasting...told after arrival at check in desk of labs.  One test was for how new meds were working...and wasn't on new meds.  Was supposed to have been taking new meds for 3 months.  Wasn't told of condition or new meds at appt. 3 mos. prior.  New script had not been noted as having been called into pharmacy on patient record, and pharmacy had no record of script being called in.  Dr. screamed at me for not doing what I was supposed to do...when I had not been informed of diagnosis nor told a new script was needed.  Did an A1c test after 6 weeks instead of 3 mos. of taking meds.(after script was finally called in)...then added another script because he thought it was not doing the job.  Second med brought blood sugar down too much.  Cut dosage in half, still too much.  Afraid of being screamed at.  Why did he scream at me for their not telling me about condition and not calling in script&#63; Always beeped out of room after 5 min. or less. 	 1/23/09	2	2	3	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	dr higginbotham was the best doctor i ever had, he delivered both of my kids. he has very good bed side manner and will ask if you have any questions before leaving the room maybe a minimum of 3 times. he is very good at letting you know what he is going to do before he does it and he will even tell you what he is doing while he does it.  i love that man to death, here is to looking forward to another baby, see you soon dr h! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
45	1	I was one of Dr. H's first patients. He has delivered my 3 children and I ADORE him. I would definately recommend. As for the ones with negative remarks...I work for a doctors office and you can never make everyone happy despite how good you are. Dr. H is a wonderful doctor and is very smart and dependable. Just to show how much I trust him... I work for an OB in Joplin and still go to him for my care! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	1	I love this doctor.  I have a complicated history and set of symptoms.  He took the time to fully address every one of my concerns, and he performed his own ultrasound! I found him to be a very genuine and knowledgeable person.  I trust him very much and would highly recommend him.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	-1	My 17 yr old daughter has had very heavy painful periods. This  dr put her on birth control to help thin out the lining of her uterus.  He said that if this didnt work after 6 months, then he would do a D&C; procedure at the hospital, (not a serious thing, he said) 6 mos came and went; my daughter was still having a difficult time, so we went back to Dr. Higginbotham, she wanted to speak with him about the D&C;, this doctor said that he never, ever said that, and that he wouldn't do a D&C; for an &quot;extremely thickened uterine lining&quot;. This &quot;dr&quot; was  rude, telling us that we imagined he said that! I think that is what greed does to some doctors; they schedule so many patients, they forget sometimes what they said to whom.  His nurse knew he was wrong too, and admitted this out of his presence. We subsequently found a new  dr. and daughter had  a &quot;chemical&quot; D&C;, which required a simple prescription-worked great-no problems. So much for &quot;Doctor&quot; Higginbotham.  	2	3	2	1 	Insurance:Aetna
45	1	He is a wonderful dr and KNOWS how to treat endometriosis and PCOS. I highly recommend him 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	Dr. Higginbotham has delivered two of my children. He and his staff went out of their way to answer questions, fill out work forms, work with my insurance, etc. I would recommend this competent physician to anyone.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	1	I was a patient of Dr. H from 6 month pregnancy through post pardom and I was very happy the entire time. He is very thorough in his explainations and answers any questions you might have without undermining you. He also stays current on new studies that have been released. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	I am currently seeing this doctor and I think he is absolutely wonderful. I am pregnant and have had an eptopic pregnancy. He explaines things perfectly and until you understand. He taked his time and if you don't understand he will explain it multiple times for you. I am a high risk pregnancy and have had three miscarriages and by far this is the best OB that I have ever seen. I would defintely recommend him to everyone. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	Dr. Higginbotham delivered my 3rd child, and I would reccommend him to anyone, he was very professional, very knowledgeable, and had sincere care and concern for me as a patient.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	-1	This doctor orders tests that are unnecessary and does not tell the patient. I found out about the tests when I received a bill in the mail from a lab.I contacted him about this and he replied that he ordered the tests and they were within the obstectrics oath and guidelines. I searched and found the national obstetrics oath he follows and he did not follow the guidelines. The oath states the doctor should never hide tests that are preformed from the patient and without the patients knowledge. I will not return to him in the future. 		3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
47	1	Dr. Haideri I think is a great Doctor , And he is so helpful when he is ask something . It seem's to me he really care's about you .  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
48	1	Dr Haynes is knowledgable, and caring. She always takes time to answer questions, and has never rushed me.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
48	1	. Dr Haynes refused to see me because I had forgot my billfold and wasn't able to pay a $15 copay! 	5	2	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	1	Dr. Haynes has been our doctor for about 25 years.  She is a wonderful person and communicator.  She is very gracious, approachable, caring, thorough,easy to understand and is never impatient or condescending. She is very knowlegable but also willing to work with me as I'm not always comfortable with traditional medicine.  She has delivered our six children and her presence has been a blessing.  There have been some potentially serious problems (toxima, baby in distress, premature labor) and she handled every situation well.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	1	Dr. Haynes is considerate of my time.  She is very knowledgable and also has great common sense! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	She has been my doctor since I was 3 years old.   She is amazing! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
49	1	I had liposuction by Dr. Hall, the results were amazing.  He was very informative and helpful all the way through the process. I would do it again without question. 	 12/10/10	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	I am enjoying my new body sculpture. It's been over 6 mos since my surgery. A tummy tuck, breast reduction and liposuction on my upper legs. Everything Dr hall said would happen has, I don't mind looking in the mirror now. The after care he and his staff gave me has been wonderful. Thnak you, Joyce B 	 11/27/10	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
49	0	Had lipo on several areas. It looks horrible. I have ripples everywhere and my neck looks disgusting now too with sagging skin. He will fix things IF I pay the center and anestiologist.. I don't think I should pay another penny! Beware... 	3	5	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	I am so thrilled with my experience with Dr. Hall and his staff! Dr. Hall completed liposuction, breast lift and augmentation on me. It has only been one week and I am just thrilled already with the results. I cry every time I look i the mirror because he did such a wonderful job! If you are considering any type of cosmetic surgery, please make a consult with Dr. Hall. He is an amazing surgeon and his after care along with his overall patient concern is amazing. Dr. Hall, If you read this....Thank you, thank you , thank you! Molly H 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	Great doctor, very nice, knows his stuff and listens to your needs and wants. He made me feel totally at ease with my choice and his staff is wonderful. My results are great and so is his after care, attentive if you are in pain and need any need medications, etc. Very nice! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	This was by far the best experience I could've asked for. Extended Tummy Tuck with Breast Augmentation and perfect results!!! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	Dr.Hammoud is very knowledgeable and kind. He was very patient with our questions.  	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:Aetna
51	-1	I wouldn't go back to this doctor again.   I wondered why I was able to get in so quickly while all other doctors have a long waiting list.    She was dismissive of everything I said, and was so busy typing what I said in her little computer I don't think she ever looked at me.   I certainly wouldn't go to her unless it's urgent and you can't get in elsewhere.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
51	1	Dr. Harstine,  is a wonderful doctor diagnosed my mother with a very rare brain tumor, and diagnosed my father with a rare immune deficiency syndrome called webbers christians disease.  She is very much to the point, and very knowledgeable.  You can tell she looks at every aspect of your health not just the problem she sees a bigger picture then other Docs.  She is hard of hearing so she talks rather loud... But I would not recommend anyone else or see anyone other then her myself.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
52	1	Dr Hess is a very caring physician who listens to my needs. She is not judgmental, and is willing to to take the necessary time to assess what needs to be done. She definitely does not rush through appointments like some doctors do. I have been a patient for 12 years. My entire family has switched to her clinic. I am not impressed with the nurse practitioners at the Hess clinic however. They have consistently been insensitive and borderline rude. However, no complaints with Dr.  Hess whatsoever! 	2	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
52	1	The nurse practitioners go through the processes pretty thoroughly but don't seem to be &quot;intuitive&quot; when dealing with a patient. Maybe that's a good thing, but not what I'm used to. Warning: if you fall behind in payment after a certain period of time, they will amputate you as a patient.  	3	5	3	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
52	-1	too many different nurse prationers. did not get to know patient. very rude. like to keep giving different and stronger drugs. without finding the true cause of our illness.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
52	1	Great doctor and staff.  We have been patients for 8 years and have not been disappointed at all.  I would highly recommend Dr. Hess.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
52	1	Very helpful, compassionate doctor who listens to you and your concerns.  Takes time with you during your appointment.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
53	1	excellent doctor, extremely intelligent, personable 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
54	-1	 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
55	0	Dr. Herrick has been my family doctor for 2 yrs and I chose him as he comes highly recommended. I am searching for a new doctor. He is never on time, when he finally gets to you it is rush, rush, rush. He seems to be way overbooked. He has not taken the time to know me or my four children. My experience is he is quick to prescribe medication and does not like being asked questions concerning your care. I think he is a good man and a decent doctor. Dr. Herrick and I just don't click.  	4	1	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
55	0	I think he can be a little pushy as if he is rushing to get out of the room.  Overall, he seemed to be very knowledgeable, but being a physician involves more than just prescribing medication.  Part of the treatment, i strongly believe, is the relationship to the patient and ability to relate.  In my humble opinion, he lacked that. 	3	5	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	Dr. Herrick is fantastic.  I switched over to him because I had a bad experience with my previous doctor and had also moved across town.  Making this switch was the best choice I ever made.  My previous doctor was not concerned at all after I miscarried my first pregnancy.  She didn't want to look at my blood or run any tests or anything.  After a few months it was time to try to get pregnant again.  Dr. Herrick ordered up a ton of blood work to see if there were any problems.  Soon after I was pregnant again and thanks to his vigilance I was diagnosed with low progesterone, put on meds and am currently in my third trimester.  I will never see another doctor.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
55	1	I've been going to Dr. Herrick for almost 14 years now. He has always been a wonderful doctor and he really listens to his patients. He doesn't just assume that you're in for one thing, prescribe medication and send you on your way; he takes time to ask you questions to ensure that he's treating you for the appropriate thing.  For awhile, he did tend to get backed up on appointments. There were times when I waited for over an hour before I saw him! However, that has all changed. He's much more punctual and he still delivers the service he always has. He has always taken care of my problems right away and I never need to return because the medication he prescribed didn't work. Excellent doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
55	1	He has delivered all 4 of our kids, plus another on the way.  Very cautious, offering options of induction, stripping membranes in-office, sonograms, etc. , but doesn't balk when told no or act like you are a crazy hippie!  A great NFP doctor who prays for his patients! 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
55	1	Dr. Herrick is very knowledgable and doesn't just throw drugs at a problem.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
55	1	My husband, children, and I see Dr. Herrick.  He delivered both of my babies.  He is a wonderful, intelligent doctor.  I recommend him all of the time! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
55	0	I have been a patient of Dr. Herrick for 4 years. I think overall he tends to be overly cautious, which isn't necessarily a bad thing, but it can be, such as the time he made me spend an extra two days in hospital because he was nervous about something most doctors wouldn't be concerned about (I did research that). At the time I challenged him on this, explaining how important it was that he let me go home. I wanted him to justify the inconvenience and cost for my family and instead he was simply indignant. I would have preferred the explanation. He isn’t very open to input on treatments either. I once brought him an article from a physician who was a D.O. and he sneered at it and told me how it is harder to be an M.D. than a D.O. so he wouldn't be easily swayed based on what the D.O. had to say. He ultimately ignored the advice in the paper, and again without any explanation. I think it was pride. That was really the last straw for me. I'm finding my family a new doctor.  	3	2	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
55	1	Dr Herrick visited me each day of the 18 I was in the hospital.  He did not miss one day in over 2 weeks.  I call that dedication.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
55	1	Dr. Herrick is the best Dr. I've ever had. We left the KC area and I've been searching for another Dr. this caring, incredibly thorough, and wonderful for the 4 years since!! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	Very thorough, would recommend for young children and as a family doctor. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	Had a couple of trips to the emergency room with kids in the past few years and Dr. Heidwalde impressed me with the way he established rapport with the kids. Very down to earth.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
56	1	 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	Dr Harrod is an incredible physician! He really takes the time needed and listens. He has been nothing but helpful, patient, and very kind. My whole family has been seeing Dr Harrod for many years. The only down side in his practice is his nursing staff. Unfortunately they are not very patient and kind. I trust Dr Harrod completely and recommend him to everyone I can.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
58	1	I've seen her for both of my children and she has always been very friendly and polite.  She is very good with answering questions and addressing any concerns.  I would definitely recommend her.  	5	5	4	4 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
59	1	Dr Hilger has always been able to get us well.  He is very thorough in everything he does  He will get to the bottom of what is ailing you.  He has ideas for everything and will make you better.  He is fantastic. We have recommended him to our friends and they are always impressed with his friendly manner and his knowledge. 	 12/4/08	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	Hands down the only doctors here who know OCD  inside and out 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	Needs time scheduling habits to improve.Needs to really take time to listen. Has page for your visit allowing you to write in from 1 to 3 reasons to see the doctor today. The &quot;acute&quot; one I just received , I could only deal with one issue. before, I had up to 3 issues on a visit.  I don't think a doctor should limit your issues and make you re sechdule when all the issus need attention NOW 	3	1	3	4 	Insurance:Medicare
62	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Hodes for over 20 years, and have worked with him in the past. He truly is a caring and competent physician. I'll admit that he can appear gruff and impatient at times, but he ALWAYS does what is in his patient's best interest. I've referred friends and family to him, and they have all been pleased with the care they received.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	1	Dr Hode was kind enough to spend a considerable amount of time with me discussing my issues physcially &amp; emotionally.   He was very warm.   This is my 5th (or so) visit with him since I started using him in 2008.   He did an ablation for me with great results.  I really like him.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
62	-1	 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
62	-1	It became really obvious really fast after over an hour wait we were just one more invoice to send instead a patient in need.  I witnessed him ridicule a very nice/helpful nurse because of a trivial issue.  He was one of the worst doctors I've ever encountered.  It is my experience that he only cares about money not the women, children etc.  Never,never again.  	2	1	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	1	I have been seeing Dr. Hodes since I got pregnant in 1994.  He has provided many services to me...I have even worked for him.  He can be difficult to work for, but I would never see another doc for my &quot;female&quot; needs.  He is always personable and friendly.  I love him and his family!! 	5	3	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
62	-1	I got an IUD from the Hodes/Nauser office. I just got billed over $800 for the IUD- my insurance barly covered any of it! Then, to make matters worse, this office automatically deducted the entire bill from my bank account without my knowledge. The bill wasn't overdue and i just got it a few days ago! I have emailed the office and tried to call. I'm never going back, don't recommend it. They treated me like**** and took the payment without even letting me have time to pay it! NOT recommended. 	3	2	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
63	-1	Lawrence Eye Associates: Very rude, unfriendly, and angry staff. Confirmed by other patients as well.  Left before keeping my appointment. Reported incident to physician in writing but never received a reply in return...so much for respect and professionalism. Would never recommend this service and will report incident to the Kansas State Medical Board because it was that bad! Will also report to the insurance company and medicare.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
64	-1	I choose Dr. Herl to be my sons pediatrition right after birth. It took me 2 months telling him there was something wrong before he finally prescribed a medicine. I later found out it didn't treat his problem. And just a few days ago I found out the FDA has put a black label on this medication for irriversable side effects after the patient has stopped taking the medication. And to top it all off, he knew from before my son was born that we had Medicare. Not once did he mention to me about not being able to do my sons vaccines, until it was time to give them. He said he had some special combo to where he didn't have to give the first Hepatitis shot in the hosptial either. I had to take off a full day just to get 3 little shots for my son. I wouldn't recomend this man to any one. Not even for a simple paper cut.  My experience was horrible! 	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
65	1	Very professional, grey results and lovely staff! Love them all! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
65	-1	 	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	Good doc, great bedside manner, great attitude. Support staff helpful and pleasant.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
67	1	A positive doctor with a conservative approach to health care.  However, he considers alternative care when the patient requests it-especially if the patient is knowledgeable about alternative care and has done his/her research.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	1	He's great. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	I highly recommend Dr. Henning to everyone I meet. I had a very complicated 5th metatarsal break that required surgery and 2 screws. Since the break was so complicated, Dr. Henning sought outside opinions and advice before my surgery. This was my first broken bone and first surgery so I was very nervous about the whole thing but Dr. Henning did a great job of putting me at ease. He spent a lot of time with me answering all questions and on the day of my surgery when I was very emotional and scared he showed a lot of compassion and assured me that he was going to take great care of me. He also used humor at just the right times to calm my nerves. His office staff and X-Ray girl were also very friendly, the type of people you would want to be friends with.  Dr.  Henning is a WONDERFUL surgeon! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
70	1	As a patient of major reconstruction surgery I was pleased with not just how I was treated personally but also in surgery and recovery.  Staff was excellent in helping me remain calm before and after surgery.  I received a lot of support and patience (staff and Dr. Henning) even though I was in pain. Dr. Henning seemed to be thoroughly educated in his field and took special care in this patient's specific needs.  Since recovery I have noticed a huge difference (positive) in my foot and no complications for such a major surgery. I hope to be walking with little to no pain in the near future.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
70	1	Very impressed with this surgeon.  Very thorough, expert level advice and ability.  Major foot reconstruction, cutting of bone, tendons and grafting in cadaver bone.  No infection!! Excellent with pain medication as appropriate for the major surgery recovery need.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
70	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Hennings and have had extreme reconstructive foot surgery. He took a great deal of time studying my films, discussing my previous treatments, and then detailed every step of the surgery and post surgical recovery period. I was not able to walk 2 yards before surgery. Now 1 1/2 years later, I walk 2 miles per day. I would highly recommend him. He does only what is in the best interest of you the patient. Sometimes medical advice is hard to take but the truth allows for the best decision and outcome.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
70	-1	Dr. Henning was not very attentive. And he did not listen to me or comprehend the full scope of my injury.  It appears he does not practice medicine in the best interest of the patient.  I had extreme pain and he refused to write a suitable pain med.  My primary doctor prescribed the suitable pain meds needed to alleviate the pain in my foot.  This would indicate that he does not provide patients with proper care but is an insurance company puppet. He was intended as a second opinion used by an insurance company and he compltetely disregarded the records of the previous doctors and biased his opinion based on what the insurance companies wanted. Beware of him if you are using insurance. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
71	1	Very attentive doctor.  Friendly staff.  Never had to wait long. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
71	1	My family and I have been seeing Dr Hawks for our eye care for over 6 years and would not go anywhere else.  I have referred many family members and friends to him and will continue to do so.  Love Dr Hawks and the practice.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
71	1	My husband and I went in for our regular eye exams on Monday and as usual, Dr. Hawks was so wonderful, from seeing us on time, to guideing us on our eyecare needs.  He always takes the time to talk to us during our exams so we know what is going on and draws out any concerns we have.  This Monday we were sitting by a family who said they had lost their job and Dr. Hawks was seeing them for FREE!!  He and his group started a progam to help people in the area who need eye exams and glasses and can't afford it.  I always knew he was something special but now, all I can say is &quot;Bless his heart&quot;.  What a wonderful practice. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
71	-1	In all the years I went to see this O.D. he NEVER DID DILATION!  I had a detached retina and could have been blinded had I not been diagnosed by another Dr.  Gave me a new pair of glasses as compensation.  WOW!  That however didn't compensate for having to have major eye surgery and my vision reduced by 50%.  I would warn anyone going that he cares about MONEY not about you.  If only he had taken the TIME to do a more thorough job in 10 years I would have my eyesight.  	2	2	3	1 	Insurance:Aetna
72	1	Dr. Hatcher is very knowledgeable in the area of adult ADD.  I find her to be very approachable and empathic.  I was impressed with her intake process, it was the most thorough I had ever experienced.  She does have a tendency to run up to one half hour late.  This is far less important to me as compared with her kind, approachable nature.  Her office staff do have a tendency to wear their feelings on their sleeves.  You know when one of them is having a bad day.  This however has no effect on me and doesn't affect my rating.  	3	1	4	5 	Insurance:AARP
72	-1	This doctor is the spaciest doctor I have ever encountered in my life. She does not return phone calls, she does not write perscriptions correctly, I think she gives out samples for medications whether you should be taking it or not.  She is ALWAYS at least an hour late for her appointments.  How this woman ever made it through medical school is still a mystery to me.  Her office staff is also extremely rude.  I would discourage any one from ever receiving care from her. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
73	-1	He does not listen well. Maybe he is too busy typing to be listening. He also does not tell the patient accurate information.  	2	3	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
73	0	Dr. Harris has an aversion to prescribing medications.  He has difficulty in understanding what his patient is stating.  	4	4	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
73	1	A truly excellent and knowledgeable doctor.  Unfortunately, his new office is virtually unreachable. 	 12/21/08	3	3	5	Insurance:Unknown
74	1	Extremely helpful to families and assists well with occupational therapists in the area to try to improve eye control and tracking issues.  The staff and Dr. Hemphill are amazing at what they do and provide a phenomenal level of care to their patients. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
74	1	We have be using Dr Hemphill for our eye care for 15+ years and have always been happy with the quality of care. We enjoy the personal care and concern that he expresses.  It is great to have a Dr with a personality who slows down long enough to engage with the patient.  	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:Coventry
74	0	I was referred to this doctor by another to have a specific test done.  I had a huge amount of difficulty in getting someone to return my phone calls or even call to discuss the test that I had done.  I had been considering switching to this doctor, but never could get anyone to return my calls so I've decided not to.  Never met the doctor.  When I went in to do the test the staff did it.  I was not very impressed with the staff.  Although they were civil, something about them seemed off and they seemed quick to get me out of there.  I wouldn't recommend a doctor who's staff can't return phone calls.  It took me 3 weeks of calling to get someone on the phone to find out when I could come in.  	1	3	2	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
75	1	great care! warm personality, he really cares.   mature with common sense 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
76	-1	. Is not board certafied 	5	3	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
77	-1	One of the most INcompetent physicians I've come across. He's very INsensitive and inconsiderate.  I see someone in Newton if his PA isn't available.  It's just not worth the risk.  	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
77	-1	Very rude and inconsiderate.  Thank God he has competent PA's and ARNP's.  Unfortunately MKFP is the only practice in town so choices are limited. 	4	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
77	1	I have found Dr. Hall to bevery professiional in attitude, and very helpful when asked for information relating to any situation.  He has been very watchful in caring from my husband who us a cancer survivor, thanks to his being alert to biopsy results.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
77	-1	This doctor misses simple diagnoses and dismisses errors, some of which are very serious to his patients.  I cringe about the day that an aging relative is admitted to the local nursing home, since he is the doctor of residence there.  His P.A., on the other hand, is exemplary and well makes up for the shortcomings of his presiding &quot;doctor.&quot; 	4	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
77	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	I have been going to Dr. Haun for many years.  I have a terrible fear of dentists from prior bad experience and he has been so wonderful and caring.  Can't imagine going to anyone else.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
78	1	I've been a patient of Dr. Haun since he first began working at our dental clinic. He is an excellent dentist. Very attentive, friendly, and always smiling. He is excellent with kids. My daughter needed to have a tooth extracted before she began wearing braces and he was so careful to keep the Novacaine needle out of her sight while administering the drug.  I was impressed to see he knew kids (and adults) would be freaked out by the sight of that long needle! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
79	-1	The office was always running way behind.  It was not uncommon to wait 30 or 45 minutes in the waiting room and another 30 to 45 in the office.  She misdiagnosed my child on a pretty significant medical issue.  When my child was in the hospital she was cold and uncaring.  She is hands down the worst pediatrician we have ever had. 	1	1	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	Absolutely one of the greatest doctors in the Wichita Area (before he left us!) I would definitely trust any member of my family with Dr.  Henson! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
80	1	There is a good reason that so many patients want to see him as their personal physician.   He is fast, entertaining and very informative when letting patients know what they might have, what they need to look for and when they need to return or be rechecked! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
81	1	Dr Heyd is very thourough and helpful. Hes honest and kind. I would highly recomend him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
82	-1	Did not seem motivated to find the real problem.  	3	4	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
83	1	We feel he is a good doctor.  He seems to know what he's doing, is friendly and doesn't make us wait long to see him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	I absolutely LOVED Dr. Hall. He found an answer for anything I had questions about. My next baby will be delivered by him also, I would even think about changing doctors. The only downfall is sitting in the waiting room before each appointment. They were always running late.  	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
84	-1	HAD A DEXA IN MAY, I CALLED BACK IN JUNE TO ASK ABOUT THE RESULTS THEY SAID IF I DIDN'T HEAR FROM THEM EVERY THING O.K. ,DIDN'T GET A CALL BACK ON RESULTS. BUT FIRST OF SEPT. I DID GET A CALL. SAID I HAD SOME MAJOR PROBLEMS.DURING THE SUMMER I HAD SOME ISSUES WITH MY BACK AND SPENT ALOT GOING TO A CHIROPRACTIC.  	3	1	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
85	1	She is amazing!  As a new mother she has been so patient and willing to answer any and all questions my husband and I throw her way.   I could not ask for a better doctor for our little girl! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
85	1	she's been my kids' ped since 1999 & we love her & trust her.  	4	5	5	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
86	1	This doctor is personable, professional, knowledgeable, and is someone you can depend on to give great advice and direction.  	 10/3/11	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
86	-1	ok. not sure if I will go back. staff was nice. Just felt rushed.  Need to be more about service and Patients 	 4/26/11	3	2	2	Insurance:Aetna
86	1	Amazing physician!  Dr. Hansen is so knowledgeable, kind, caring, and truly listens!  He will take the time you need.  His nurse, Brianna is amazing too.  She returns calls very promptly and addresses your needs.  Appointments are pretty easy to get in.  He is the best physician I have had in my life.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
86	1	Dr. Hansen is great! He really listens to his patients and cares about what you're feeling. The wait is never very long and his nurse is wonderful - she promptly returns calls and answers questions.  It's a great practice! Highly recommend! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
86	0	this is a good docter but his prices are very high for the service. 	4	2	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	Nice physician who seems to care.  Has a great nurse, Anita working with him. they make a great team. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	Dr Hansen is a very good doctor, and I would recommend him to anyone looking for a new GP. He listens to your concerns,and informs you with choices. He also has you call back in a few days to see if you are better or not. His nurse, & the telphone nurse are very helpful, and will get you in to see him ASAP.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
87	-1	Took 5 days after leaving 4 messages for him to call regarding the results of a cat scan.  Once on the phone he told me he wasn't charging me for reading the scan or the phone call and he was busy.  Never in my life have I had a doctor speak to me in this manner.  The reason he is busy is because of his patients.  Isn't that why you become a docto&#63;.  He was extremely rude and inconsiderate.  I would never reccommend him to anyone and I am looking for another doctor.   I THOUGHT THAT  THE FOLLOW-UP WAS PART OF THE JOB!!! 	5	3	1	2 	Insurance:Coventry
87	1	explained procedure in a manner which I was able to understand....  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
88	1	LOVE Dr. Hanigan! Helpful, great to work with! Gets it right the first time! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	Helpful staff and up-front doctor.  Have had 3 family members go to D. Hannigan 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	This doctor takes his time with each patient and gets to know you as a person, not just a five minutes once-over.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
89	-1	Too busy entertaining pharmaceutical reps to keep patient appointments. May be knowledgeable, but seems laissez-faire about impact of illnesses/conditions on patient's overall quality of life. 	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	spends time with you to get to know you and your needs/medical issue.  Personable, extremely knowledgeable, caring and gets it right! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
90	1	Overall excellent experience.  Very compassionate, professional care.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
90	-1	 	4	5	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	Dr. Brad is a very good doctor.  He explains everything and is very kind.  I wish I had gone to him years ago.  He has helped me so much.  His staff is also very kind. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	I LOVE HIM!!!  Knowledgeable, polite, efficient, and kind. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	Great Man and I will not go to any other chiropractor. He explained why he did everything he did and explained what it will help with. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	I had cervical fusion in March 2011.  The staff was very efficient and organized.  Dr. Hess does not have the best bed-side manner but he is very competant and skilled. His assistant does most of the patient contact and is very friendly and knowledgable.  My neck issue was resolved.  	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Humana
92	-1	this was a visit i had been looking forward to.... the problem is it was the kind of doctor's visit i detest.  i am in a great deal of pain and all i got was a 4 or 5 minute chat with him before he passed the buck to another physician.  he was no help at all. 	3	4	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	The office staff was extremely helpful and friendly. I traveled from Florida to meet with my sisters and mother to attend a consult about back surgery for my mother. She is 78 years old. His personal assistant with extremely helpful and found space to see us. We found Dr. Hess to be very personal and kind. We hit him from all sides with questions and concerns. He took his time and answered everything completely. My mother was told by ladies at her church that Dr. Hess would not do the surgery unless he really thought she needed it. My mother has been diagnosed with spinal stenosis since 2005. Her pain has increasing gotten worse over the years. Dr. Hess has had great results with several of the ladies from my Mother's church. It is hard to believe that the previous patients saw the same doctor. Unfortunately--more people need to comment on the good.thank you. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	HAD CERVICAL NECK SURGERY IN JAN. 07. Spine was a mess from C3 to C7. Dr. Hess did a great job on me and I was very satisfied with his care. I will be having back surgery (my 4th) done by him in Oct. 09. It's a shame that the people who have had good results from this surgeon don't bother to report it here. Like anything else, only the unhappy ones leave a comment.  	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Medicare
92	-1	What a nightmare!  Dr. Hess was not interested in seeing me unless I was in pain.  I know I am going to have to have neck surgery so my Dr. referred Hess.  I had questions about the surgery and the aftercare.  He was rude and short, could care less about my questions.  He told me to come back when my pain was at 10/10.  I will find someone else to do the surgery.  Dr. Hess is a barbarian.  FYI, tylenol does not help the pain.  	5	4	1	2 	Insurance:Humana
92	0	Had to wait in pain for two months for neck surgery. I have had neck pain ever since the surgery. When I asked what to do about the content pain he said take a tylenol. In other words go away your bothering me. His nurse is also impossible to get ahold of, never returns calls. 	1	1	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
92	-1	neck surgery was not effective at all. removed bone from pelvis and actually broke off a large chunk of pelvis. was not able to walk without a walker due to the surgery. no pain medication would be prescribed before or after surgery, was told to take tylenol.  	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
92	-1	Not sure how Dr Hess is as a surgeon - never got that far but his staff is totally incompetent.  They did not file pre-approval for insurance on a timely manner or at all.  Saw doctor 8 months prior to surgery and was told they would get insurance approval by then.  After the expense of pre-surgery tests and less than 24 hours before surgery, told insurance would not approve.  They do not work for you between you and your insurance company.  It's always &quot;Your problem.&quot;  Staff definitely dropped the ball.  Also would not recommend calling in and discussing anything with them over the phone.  You may be on speaker phone and everyone in the waiting room will hear everything you discuss with them including all personal information.  	1	3	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
92	1	Dr. Hess is an excellent surgeon. I have had to have several back surguries and have been given much relief from pain. When I first met him I thought he was a bit abrupt but after I got to know him he was very friendly and listened carefully. He is a bit hard to get into at first because his practice is very busy.  	 5/27/07		5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
93	1	She has been my MD for 15+ years. Very knowledgeable, friendly. Very good MD.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
93	1	I and my family have been going to Dr Hicks for 20 years.  My daughter who is 24 is now a patient of hers along with my 9month old grddaughter (whom Dr Hicks delivered).  She is a great &quot;family practice&quot; and will not hesitate to refer you onto someone else if the issue is outside of her care level.  Office has always been very capable.  My son has ADHD and she is always willing to work with meds to find the best one. Is willing to have son moved to a &quot;male&quot; physician in her group when and if my son decides that he is too old for a woman Dr.  (most physicians are not willing to give up a patient to another physician, but she wants my son to be comfortable when coming into the office--he will be 17). I have always been able to get an appointment fairly quickly and the office has late hrs till 9pm on tues and thursdays.  	5	5	4	4 	Insurance:Coventry
93	0	Dr. Hicks would lecture me on getting birth control pills when unmarried. She told me several times that she waited until marriage to have sex. I don't feel like it's her business to judge me. She also was not very knowledgeable in regulating my depression/anxiety meds, and my emotions (and hormones) were all over the place. I finally am seeing a psychiatrist who knows what she's talking about. Also, I have asthma and I had to teach the staff how to use the machines to test your lung capacity, etc. 	2	2	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
94	1	Very knowledgeable in her field, and a very fine surgeon, would highly recommend her to family and friends.  	3	5	4	5 	Insurance:Medicare
94	-1	Very unhelpful-- more concerned in talking about weight than talking about actual health problems, which were largely unrelated to weight (confirmed by several other doctors.) Weight control is not what I am seeking in a urologist. Waste of my time-- would not go back.  	5	4	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
94	1	I love Dr Hall! She is so friendly, easy to talk to. Has a good bedside manner and very informative. I'd recommend her to anyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
95	1	Attitude matters with me, and Dr. Herrera is always a pleasure to work with. 	3	4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
96	0	almost too laid back, doesnt take parental concerns seriously, I felt very brushed off on some of my questions.  		4	3	3 	Insurance:CIGNA
96	-1	Can't answer questions. He's a nice guy and likes kids, but when a problem comes up he doesn't know the answer. He is very pro-circumsision if that's what you're looking for. 		5	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
97	1	Do NOT EVER get BRACES from an orthodontist until a visitinh this dentist! I was planning on having to spend several thousand dollars on braces (as is always the case), until I went to Dr. Higgins. He inroduced me in 2005 to the Occlus-O-Guide. Essentially it is a plastic retainer-looking contraption which they fit to your mouth for you to bite on for (in my circumstances) 2 hours/day and overnight, however not all cases are this long. Even though it is painful (as braces are as well - I have had friends who have them), it is a miracle worker. As Dr. Higgins explained to me, studies show that bone follows muscle. This means if you direct a muscle in one place, eventually, the bone follows.  The best part&#63; The Occlus-O-Guide is cheap - at the time I received it - $600 (with no insurance coverage) + a couple extra visits that were in addition to my usual cleanings! Not to mention, they said I was one of the worst cases of buck teeth they ever had, and it fixed my teeth! Again miraculous! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
97	1	The best dentist that we have used in the Wichita area. Won't use anyone else unless forced to do so.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
98	1	Dr Harder is awesome!!  They try to work you in and I dont end up in the ER in EL Dorado.  This keeps costs down The other day I had an acute disc slippage in lower back and I got right in I would recommend this dr to any one. Chuck Schneweis RN 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
98	1	All three of my sons go to him and he is a very nice doctor. He takes time to listen and never acts like he's in a hurry. His entire office is &quot;paperless&quot; meaning no chart so it's computerized. He even prints out prescriptions which prevents mistakes. I highly recommend him.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unicare
98	1	The office staff is very helpful, the nurse's are very helpful, and Dr. Harder is very knowledgable. His P.A. Brigette is very nice, knowledgable and very helpful in explaning what she is going to do and what is wrong with you. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
98	1	Willing to listen and answer all questions. Very nice. Great staff. Willing to work with your needs. All around wonderful doctor. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
98	1	Informative,timely with information concerning tests.Nice guy.Practices medicine as it should be praticed. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
99	1	Dr. Hartman is very easy to talk to, and thorough with her exams.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
100	-1	He's an insurance man for sure. Office is dirty, unkempt.  Misdiagnosed me twice now.  Won't be seeing him anymore.  	1	2	2	2 	Insurance:Aetna
100	-1	Rushed in and out, didn't explain well. Seems more concerned about seeing lots of patients than with the quality of care.  		2	1	2 	Insurance:Medicare
