dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	He was a OBGYN when I saw him. He delivered all three of my childrena nd saved my son's life. Wonderful caring man. My son is named after him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
1	1	He was a practicing OB/GYN when he was my doctor. A genuinely good, honest Christian man who goes the extra mile to make sure you get top-notch care. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	Always interested in the patient; if he doesn't know something, he's willing and eager to do the necessary research. Follows up as promised.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
3	-1	Don't go to this doctor, he will not answer patients phone calls and does not take proper care of his patients. My mother has liver cancer now and can not feel her legs, he prescribed medicine for her, it made her legs swell which put her in excruciating pain, he will not come to the hospital to check on her because he says its not the medicine when the pharmacist said that was a known side effect and she had to contact  doctor if it happened 	5	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	Dr. Ballou is wonderful, he allows family in with his patients so that he everyone is on the same page, which is very helpful. Very friendly as well! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	Dr. Ballou is a fabulous doctor. We are blessed to have someone like him in such a small town! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	-1	He would not remove both breasts from my sister, only the cancerous breast even though our mom, 2 other sisters, our grandmother, a maternal first cousin, and 2 maternal great aunts have all had breast cancer and some have died as a result of it before the age of 55! Now she has to live with the constant worry that it may show up in the other breast. He doesn't seem to think she should get the brca test either. He has not suggested a colonoscopy to her when there is a direct link between the two types of cancers(not to mention we had an aunt die at the age of 43 from colon cancer!). I think his medical knowledge of preventative medicine dates back to the dark ages! 		3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
3	-1	HE TOLD MY BROTHER IN LAW TO GO HOME AND START FISHING . HE DIDN'T HAVE CANCER ANYMORE. IN TWO WEEKS HE WAS DEAD.THIS WAS LUNG CANCER. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	One of the better doctors I've seen for sure.  Seemed quite knowledgeable, and a nice guy as well.  My only disappointment is that the skin condition I have, my insurance would not cover, so I was basically &quot;on my own&quot; with it.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
5	-1	She was incompetent at her job and insulted me! I never came back to her office after the initial visit! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	He is the best. SECOND TO NONE. He found what the other doctors didnt bother to look for. He stand by the oath he took as a doctor. The other doctors seem to have forgotten. They are in it for money. Hes in it to heal people 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	-1	I can't believe they invited this guy to be staff at the KK hand clinic. He seemed completely incompetent and down right stupid, and doesn't speak English. Claims to be surgeon, but cannot diagnose obvious soft tissue injuries on an MRI and can't make any real diagnosis. Claimed my ligament tears were psychiatric.  Are you kidding me&#63; 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
7	1	one man show, so it may take time to get in.  But, he's top notch.  and very good in his field! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
7	1	Very good doctor. Would recommend to anyone. 		4	3	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	he is kind,caring,attentive,and overall an excellent physician. he relieved my daughter's back pain that she has had for 1 1/2 years. can't say enough wonderful things about him 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	Crowns this experiance was totally stress free,as soon as I save up more money im going to have dr baumgardner finish the rest of my crowns....im beautiful now! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	-1	Dr. Banahan is a rip off. She wanted to do $6000. Worth of dental work on my 5 year old. I took him to another dentist for a second opinion and they said he needed one cavity between his teeth taken care of.  I had already been questioning the practice because of the amount of work my kids had already had done and this was the final straw. Dr bananhan also always seemed anoyed. She was alrigt with kids but disnt seem to love her job.   We are so happy at our new practice where there are 3 dentists who are grey with kids and passionate about their jobs! 	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
10	1	Dr. Jackie is great! She does a great job with my kids and she is always very professional. The staff and hygienists are also very good and very helpful. Highly recommend! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	0	Had to wait long periods of time for scheduled appointments.  Coded matters incorrectly so insurance company won't pay.  Very poor staff attitudes.  	1	1	3	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
11	1	One of the best doctors I have ever had.  Very easy to talk to and will go the extra mile for you.  I would recommend her to anyone who needs to change doctors.  MY visits with Dr.Barret are always pleasant andd informative.  I just can't say enough about her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	1	I have had Dr. Barrett as my doctor for over 8 years now and she is by far one of the best docs out there.  I like the fact that she is straight with you and knows what is best for you as a patient.  A doctor patient relationship takes more than one appointment to be formed.  She has always been great for me and my husband.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	-1	Dr. Barrett is unkind, unknowledgeable(IMO) and has a huge ego.I went to her because I had alot of body pain and mild depression. Without much thought she prescribed an antidepressant.I went home and did some research online.I read alot of bad reviews on the drug and decided not to take it.She called me a week later to ask how I was doing on the drug(I thought at the time that was very nice)however when I told her I decided not to take it because of what I read she got very defensive.I told her I read that it was a hard drug to get off of and she said &quot;not the way I have you get off of it&quot; then went on to say &quot;I really wish people wouldn't use the internet to get information on drugs because they only read the bad things.&quot;She ended the conversation with &quot;Well you must not be feeling too bad because if you did you would want to try something so call me when you decide you want something.&quot; I was in shock! I have since heard of others with the same complaint about her. 	2	4	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
12	0	I have a severe auto immune conditions called polymysitis and have been seeing him regularly for three years.  When it flared up I went to his office and he refused to see me.  I was forced to go to the ER where the treatment was not effective.  They sent me home and 2 weeks later I had to be admitted to the hospital with a much worse condition.  As a result of his irresponsibility my overall condition has deteriorted considerably.  He did not help me when I needed him.  	1	4	2	3 	Insurance:Humana
12	-1	MISDIAGNOSED me. BEWARE. Handed me tissue and said I had ~10 years to live cuz I &quot;had Hep C from sharing dirty needles with drug addicts.&quot; (NOT true)Fam med doc proved I did NOT have hep C. Bad dr's nurse drew blood with needle going into arm sideways; didn't know what she was doing. HATE THAT PLACE! And he NEVER apologized.  	2	4	2	1 	Insurance:Anthem
12	1	Dr. Beers is a great Rheumatologist (which deals with more than just arthritis). He listens to what you have to say. He is very down-to-earth and easy to talk to. He is very caring, intelligent, and friendly. He never makes me feel rushed.  Also, if I ever have to leave a message with the staff about medication, or any other issues I may have, he is always quick to call me back. I know that with Dr. William H.  Beers as my Doctor, I am in good hands! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
13	1	She takes her time and listens to you. Her treatments have always been effective. Staff are always pleasant. I have never had to wait for very long.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
14	1	takes her time to explain in words i understand, playful with my child during the visit, my kid loves that, always willing to help and can call her anytime when i need her. she is good which is hard to find.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
14	-1	I took my daughter to her time and time again telling her something was wrong she projectile vomtied every time i feed her she was dehydrated so badly by the time i found a md to help they had to wait several days before doing her surgery. she had plyoric stenosis which is very common and she should have knew or checked her for this long before it got that bad, but she let it go for a month. She is really nice but not so sure she knows what she's doing.  please dont take your child to her or even your dog!!! 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Humana
14	1	friendly, wonderful with children 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	She is amazing! I have never met a dentist that honestly cares so much. If you want a good dentist in mt sterling! I vote baber! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	She is a really good dentist. Usually you can be worked in within a day or so after calling. She and her staff are very friendly! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	Dr. K. Baldock has strong diagnostic skills and very caring. I give her a solid 5. I also giver her partner Dr. Cassity high numbers. This is a great user friendly practice. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	THIS DOCTOR IS OUTSTANDING AND VERY COMPASSIONATE AND CARING WITH HER PATIENTS....SHE IS QUICK TO FIND HELP FOR THE PATIENT IN EVERYWAY...WHETHER GETTING A MRI OR SENDING THEM TO THE SLEEP CLINIC OR EVEN PHYSICAL THERAPY IF NEEDED AND I NEEDED ALL THREE OF THESE TO BE SCHEDULED AND SHE FOLLOWS UP WITH THE PATIENT QUICKLY AND ALWAYS IN A PROFESSIONAL MANNER. I RATE HER A 5+++++. THANK YOU DR. BALDOCK FOR GOOD SERVICE AND YOUR HELPFULNESS TO ME FOR MANY YEARS.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
16	1	 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	Dr. Balthrop has always listened to my concerns as well as answered my questions without giving me the 'rushed' feeling.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
17	1	I had an arthrosopic repair of my knee after dislocating and damaging my patella playing B-ball. As a surgeon he did a great job. My knee healed very quickly after the procedure and is perfectly fine now. He was late to one follow-up appointment and seemed a bit rushed to interpret and explain the results of the procedure upon his arrival. Overall, he seems like a very competent doctor.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	I had rotator cuff repair done on 11-13. The staff was very helpful and the surgery went off without a hitch. My recovery has been remarkable. It is now 1-2-07 and my arm is at about 80%.I would recomend this surgeon for shoulder problems 		4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	He uses doctor asisstants (PAc's) but he was always near by and made a personal visit while i was there. He had temper problem by throwing my MRIs on the floor. but all in all very good doctor and i would suggest him to anyone who has a joint problem. Im currently going to have him work on my right knee (surgically) and he has THROUGHLY explained everything and if i have questions its just a phone call away for my answers. though he has a temper problem with his staff, he knows his stuff and i trust my knee with him. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	I had a front tooth attached to a bridge break off.  Dr. Barrett got me in immediately glued the tooth back himself, and advised me not to bite into harder than a tuna sandwich.  He said it should hold for a short time until I could get in with a dentist for an implant.  That was 14 months ago.  Dr. Barret is kind, professional and he is a first rate dentist. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	. extremely nice and a good doctor, I was impressed! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
19	1	Wonderful peds dr. Along with all East Lou. Peds staff, very helpful, knowledgable. Thank you Dr. Belza. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	Saw him for a severe case of eczema.  He was excellent. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	Dr. Bark is a wonderful physician.  I have seen him for eczema as well as other things.  He we very pleasant and very helpful.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	1	My husband and I have each seen Dr. Bark for different reasons, and found him to be pleasant, thorough, and helpful. His staff was great as well.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	1	Very smart man and thorough.  Make sure you see him and not the younger male physician in his office, I don't know his name but he was not that helpful.  Dr. Bark is top notch, though. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	Dr. Bark is wonderful! I had a severe case of plantar warts, one of the worst he had ever seen!, and he tried multiple treatments until they were finally gone! He is thorough, kind, patient, and by far the most educated dermatologist around! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	Young enough to know current issues yet experienced enough to know what he's doing. Relates well to children and parents.  My sons love him. I enjoy out visits because I feel like he listens to me and my concerns. Highly recommended.  	2	2	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
21	1	This doctor has been a breath of fresh air. He is very caring and makes sure that he diagnoses the correct thing. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	-1	I had a eye surgery few years back. Past 1 week this eye is being irritated. I tried to get a reference doc in out of state since the irritation started. Every day atleast 4-5 calls to to his office(s) to get hold of Dr.Charles BArr, but his office staff is not at all helpful in provide a reference doctor in Chicago promptly. They cant direct my calls so that I can talk to him nor there is an email address to report to. Can't drive/fly to Louisville to have my eye checked as these cost will not be covered under my insurance. Every time I call to his office for an update on reference doc info, the staff has only 1 answer, Dr is is with a patient and when he gets to his office desk, he will be able to provide the info that I need. When does he get to his office  and how does he know that I'm waiting for a reply from him&#63; how do  Iknow how serious is my eye irritaion to get immediate attention.They don't care to provide the requested reference doc info in my area. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	. Very knowledgeable in every field,good bedside manners 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
24	-1	did not like this doctor at all! rude and does not know what he is talking about. always felt rushed at the appointment..  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	1	Best doctor i have ever seen for my children. Recommend to everyone, very personal and polite kids love him.  and very informative, nice to see a dr that finally cares for the children rather than the money 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
24	-1	Baker is the worst dr I have ever seen. He has no concern or  patience with the child. I wonder how he is able to secure his job with his lack of knowledge. You will fell very pathetic if he is your ped because he is short tempered and want to lecture you to make you realize you are ingnorant and that he knows everything in this world.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
24	-1	OMG! I cannot believe this Dr. Baker...he is a jerk and an idiot!!! He is so rude and ignorant. I cannot believe he told another patient to feed their sick child fatty french fries because that is exactly what he told me...&quot;Give him chicken nuggets and fries&quot; What kind of &quot;doctor&quot; tells you to eat fatty foods when you are sick or even when you are healthy&#63; He has the worst bedside manner and should be working in a funeral home and not a pediatrician's office. I hold Graves Gilbert fires his dumb @$$.  	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
24	-1	Wow, where do I start&#63; This man is a jerk, he is rude and hateful, he doesn't have a caring bone in his body, and he likes to spout off big words to make himself look smart, when in fact he doesn't have a clue. He was not gentle with my child and couldn't have been more hateful to me.  When my child started to cry while being examined, he picked him up and thrust him back to me, saying, &quot; Well, if you are going to cry, just go back to your mommma.&quot; At this point, I mistakenly asked a simple question about my son's shots, and he went into a 10 minute speech, where he barely took a breath, on how he would never delay or allow his patients to get off schedule with their shots because he didn't want to jeapordize his patients or his own children by having them be a part of a society that wasn't vaccinated. He then told me that if I didn't agree, I should make an appointment with another doc. I am going to do just that, asap. We won't ever see him again.  	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	-1	This Dr is a JERK! He was so ill mannered and rude to my 1 year old little girl that I was speechless. My child went to touch his stethoscope like most infants/toddlers would, and he yelled at her and was very cold telling her &quot;do not touch this&quot; while pointing his finger at her!!! He refused to hear my concerns about my child and then told me to feed my child with diarrhea greasy fatty french fries and junk food to help her bowels get solid...WTH&#63;&#63;&#63; He is even dumber than he looked..we only saw him once and then ran like hell!!! He acted as though he cared less about my child and that was very heart-breaking.  	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
25	1	Excellent care from a skilled therapist.  Would return if needed.  Really saved my marriage and helped my depression. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	-1	I would not recommend this doctor.  His only concern is workmans comp and not the health or wellbeing of the patient.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Workers Comp
26	1	 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	Dr. Beard has completed two knee surgeries for me.  The first one was in 1993 ACL along with meniscus, and the second was meniscus only.  He has been excellent both times.  He spent more than 30 minutes on the phone with me explaining my results and what needed to be done. He allowed me to ask all the questions I needed and never once made me feel like I was being rushed.  His bedside manner is excellent and he is so very nice.  He staff helped me navigate workers comp for the second injury, and although they could have a bit more personality, they helped me tremendously.  I am very pleased with the service and operation, and will not see any other orthopaedic specialist besides Dr. Beard.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
27	1	Genuine doctor.  Good bedside manners. Very helpful, not pushy, and strives to ensure the best for his patients. He has done knee surgery for my mother-in-law, daughter and myself.  I highly recommend Dr. Beard. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	Dr. Beard is a great Doctor and a good man.  He helped me when none would.  I've had both my hips replaced by him and he's done an excellent job for me.   Larry Gore 	3	3	4	5 	Insurance:Medicare
27	1	I had knee surgery on Feb 21,2008 I feel he was understanding about my feelings.and the timing he let me pick the day and time that fitted me best.He didn't push me in to having my surgery.He let me make the choice of having it done.I would tell my friends and family about him.He's honest with you.Thats what I like in a doctor.  	4	3	4	4 	Insurance:Workers Comp
27	0	Knee replacement surgery was performed by Dr. Craig Beard. Resulting in an artery being cut in my leg. It bled into my lower leg which caused compartment syndrome. I almost lost my leg. They were ready to amputate my leg. Me and my family decided to go to another hospital for treatment in another city. My leg was saved after many surgery's, however I am left with no feeling in my foot and a problem known as &quot;drop foot&quot; where I am unable to move my ankle and foot, it drops down and I can not raise it up.  I can still walk but with great difficulty. Just the facts. 	4	2	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	. wonderful bedside manner, felt very at ease with this doctor 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
28	1	I have been going to Dr. Mary Hinkle for yrs. I really like her and have recommended her to others.  	4	3	4	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
29	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
30	-1	I am very upset with this doctor. I don't blame on a doctor for my wife's miscarriage.  She was 12 wks into the pregnancy when it happended.  We went for our checkup at wk 9, Dr. Bell said she's confident that our baby was still growing.  My wife had a feeling that something was wrong &amp; pointed out that she felt something different in the past few days, indicating she thinks the baby stopped growing.  Dr Bell says she was confident the baby is growing just by feeling her stomach.  At week 12, the miscarriage happened.  We went to the ER and she went through a great deal of pain.  We had an ultrasound and the results confirmed that the baby's size was around 7 wks.  That means the baby stopped growing before we saw Dr. Bell. If Dr. Bell took her job seriously and did an ultrasound for my wife, she could have removed the clots and tissue right way &amp; my wife would not have gone through so much pain.  In addition, Dr. Bell tried selling us some vitamins which I'm sure she makes commission.  	2	3	1	2 	Insurance:Aetna
30	1	Dr. Bell is a fabulous doctor. She is knowledgeable, warm, caring and makes you feel very comfortable.  The office she is with is very busy, but she is well worth the wait! 	 3/28/07		4	5	Insurance:Humana
31	-1	nasty attitude. Blames the patients for their illness and refuses to listen to patient concerns.  	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
32	1	Highly recommend Dr. Baker.  He was wonderful. Took the time to explain to my son as well as us.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	1	Dr. Baker is very easy to talk to and understand.  He looks for ways he can help his patients to get their smiles perfect!  He's a little silly sometimes but that just makes him great with kids.  All three of my kids that had their braces went to him and we're very satisfied with the results.  	 1/3/08	5	4	5	Insurance:Aetna
33	1	I was with dr. Bailey for over 20 years and still cry bc he left the clinic. I don't know if he is still in practice if so I would definitely go back to him.  Very compassionate 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
33	1	Best.  I have doctored with him for 30 years   There is no better He really cares about his patients 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
33	1	Dr Bailey has been our family Dr. for many years. He is very caring, compassionate, and knowledge.Dr Bailey is a man of character and integrity.You can always trust his judgment . He is the best .  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	1	Dr. Bailey has been our family physician for years and we trust him completely.  He's knowledgeable, thorough, and exceptionally kind.  	3	4	4	5 	Insurance:Humana
33	1	Dr. Bailey is the best doctor I've ever gone to.  I am in the medical profession myself and none of the doctors I know can compare.  He is very passionate about his work; is very compassionate about the patient; and is one of the most intelligent men I know.  The only reason he rates mid-range on time is because he is so patient and thorough with each person that he sees.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
33	1	Dr. Bailey is a very caring and compassionate physician.  He has been treating my mother for several years and evaluates each complaint she has.  He is very thorough and interested in the patient.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
34	1	I like Dr. Bailey, he will take time to talk to you and make sure you understand everything. His staff is always very helpful!!.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
34	-1	.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
35	1	Dr. Bell was the best thing that ever happened to me. He saved my life after 3 other Drs. could not figure out what was wrong with me.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
35	-1	If it wasn't for this man's ability to pull in the correct specialist he would surely kill his patients! He's a pill pusher and appears to have dementia. During the last 4 months of my mothers life specialist and nurses took care of her while he couldn't even tell us what was wrong.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
35	1	He's your old time doctor. Very caring, knows your family. Not quick to refer to a specialist. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	Absolutely one of the very best doctors I have ever been to and the best dentist I have been to. I had a bad toothache on Monday morning and they asked what time I would be in. I set appointment for 5:30. They are in till 7:00. I arrived at 5:20, filled out some forms, 5:30 I was in the chair. Doc came in took X ray and said tooth would have to come out. At 5:55 I was on my way home. Very professional staff and extremely efficient. I highly recommend.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
36	1	I absolutely hate going to the dentist, however Dr. Beadle and his staff make the entire experience very comfortable for his patients.  Now I actually look forward to going in for my check ups!!  Great dentist, great staff and great environment!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	Wow what a great dental office. Staff is friendly and efficient. Dr. Beadle is wonderful. You get seen on time. Very loose enviroment which helps ease my apprehension. He does great work.  Thanks 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
36	1	You won't find a more caring sincere PERSON/Dentist. He gives you your options and you tell him what you want done. He won't work on you if you are in pain and he constantly ask you if you are ok. A true caring human being; it's a pleasure just to be around him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	1	Dr.Beadle has been my dentist for many years and I am completely satisfied with his quality of care. He makes the visits as stress-free as possible and cares about his patients. I'm thankful for him.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
37	-1	.  	 9/27/11	2	2	1	Insurance:Anthem
37	1	Very quite. Very strict on what he expects from you on your healthcare. Very good on followups until your health is under control. 	4	3	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	Dr. Banks was THE BEST DOCTOR I ever had!  His practice (Summit Med.  Group) let him go after assigning him all of their chronic pain patients!  How's that for thanks!  All I can say is it's MY loss that they chose this course of action! 	1	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	-1	Ten minute visit and he is out. Needs to slow down and  listen...The office is so hard to deal with. Wont call in your prescription, takes forever to answer the phoneand while you are waiting for someone to pick up you get to listen to a recorded message telling you all the things they WONT do for you! wait time too long. 	2	1	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	Dr. Banks is great and I hope he never leaves.  He has always been helpful and attentive.  I would definately recommend him and completely disagree with him being a clock watcher.  	2	4	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
38	0	Clock watcher (10 or 20 min. appointments)Suggested cortisone for an arthritic knee, but I had to schedule another appointment to get the injection.  	4	3	2	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
39	1	Dr. Been has an extremely positive bedside manner and is very knowledgeable and pleasant.  He took care of my mother and spent lots of time explaining things to her in the office and showing her xrays.  Did not brush her off like a lot of physicians do with the elderly.  Also, her treatment she was received from his was very effective.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
40	1	Fantastic Doc, listens and answers your question! Helpful and caring.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
40	1	Awesome Doc! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	Very thorough and professional. A credit to her profession.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
42	1	Dr. Balakrishna is always thorough when examing her patients.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
43	1	Dr. Babcock removed all of my upper teeth due to life threatening infections. He also removed 4 extra large cysts that had grown into the sinus cavity. He then performed an open sinus lift and put in place 8 implants. Dr. Babcock is highly skilled, extremely knowledgeable, professional, and down to earth. He is one of the most enthusiastic doctors I have ever known.  He gladly answered all my questions thoroughly, and explained everything he was going to do during the procedure. Dr. Babcock cares about his patients.  He treated me with a great respect and he spoke to me on his level. He has an outstanding staff who are an excellent reflection of him. I am not disclosing the cost as this as it was not cheap and insurance companies pay little or nothing, but Dr. Babcock made this surgery affordable for me and I found his prices far more reasonable than others with less training and experience. I plan to have him do more implants down the road. This is a first class best ever surgeon.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	1	She answered all of my questions and was friendly.  I didn't feel rushed at all.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
45	1	I have been going to Dr. Barry for years and have found him to be very knowledgable and competent with a very pleasant personalty.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
45	-1	poor bedside mann, does not listen to patient complaints, overbearing/mean to staff.  	5	1	1	1 	Insurance:Humana
46	1	Great doctor and wonderful surgeon! Laid back office atmosphere.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
46	1	Old fashioned office. Does not take credit card.  		3	4	4 	Insurance:Humana
47	1	Very knowledgeable and very nice.  I would recommend him to anyone needing a doctor under his specialty.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	1	This doctor was very knowledgeable about feeding tubes for older people who have trouble swallowing. He was also very informational about explaining the FULL CODE and DNS. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	-1	Dr. has not shown that he knows how to solve surgery problems 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
48	-1	.  	1	4	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
49	-1	She was rushed and rude and dismissive. Will not be going back.  	2	3	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	1	She is always prompt and called me herself with Lab results as soon as she received them, after being ignored by other phycians, she is a pleasent change. I have seen her over the past 4 years.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	1	Dr. Beiting is an incredible gynecologist. She is passionate about women's health and wants to ensure that her patients feel empowered and confident. Their waiting rooms are comfortable and cozy, and the exam rooms are the same. Instead of a paper dress, you are given a robe and cotton sheets. Patients change clothes in a bathroom adjacent to the exam room. It doesn't feel like a typical exam, but instead a very comfortable and warm space.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	-1	Still waiting for test results from over a month ago.  Called Dr. Beiting but she has yet to return my call.  	3	3	1	2 	Insurance:Humana
49	1	Dr. Beiting is excellent. She delivered my first child and I'm so sad that she won't be delivering my second one.   She does gynecology only now.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	1	I was tremendously pleased with the pre/post surgical care I received from Dr. Beiting. I highly recommend this physician for treatment of fibroids. She clearly demonstrated professionalism as a skilled surgeon and IMO is a caring physician.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
49	1	I have been seeing Dr. Beiting for about 5 or 6 years. She is very down to earth, takes her time with me, and answers my questions. She has a sweet personality and makes me feel very comfortable. I highly recommend her if you are looking for a gynecologist.  	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
49	-1	I had a horrible experience with this doctor.  After considerable trouble to get her my medical records from another state, she announced she &quot;hadn't reviewed them&quot; and actually handed them back to me.  She was rushed and impatient and rude and ultimately totally unhelpful.  It's a shame when you take hours out of your schedule to try to address a serious problem and are treated in this way.  	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	1	Dr. Beiting was my OB and delivered my first child. I felt comfortable with her, she was easy to talk to, answered my questions thoroughly, and did not talk down to me. I did not have any problems with her office. She is in a different practice now and I believe she is no longer seeing OB patients (just gynecology), but I highly recommend her.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	1	He is a great Doctor.  He found my problem and corrected it in one visit 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
50	-1	went to see him about my knee and mri stated no meniscus tear and when i went back for check up still had some swelling and stiffness he looked at the mri and asked me if i could see the tear i didnt have a clue as to what it look like so he scheduled me for sugery and now it is worse than it was i believe that he just wanted more money for a surgery that should have never been done. he never tried anything like steroid injection or pysical therapy .after sugery they were going to have me walk to my car and me still sedated.later had follow up knee was full of fluid and foot was blue and he diddnt really care until i got  a little rude .asked what he did in sugery and he said i fixed it yea he really fixed it cannot run or squat down any more .thanks bel 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
50	-1	he did not realy care about the patient and there pain just get them out the door. likes to due unnesasary surgerys 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
51	1	Dr. Barth provides excellent care.  Beyond that, the billing department is BY FAR the BEST I've ever experienced with any medical provider.  They make it simple and clear and work with the insurance company very effectively.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
51	-1	I am writing this review to inform those thinking about this dentist to please choose another! Dr. Barth does not does not take pride in her work and does not do a thorough job. Her cleanings take 5 minutes and fillings take 15. I've had 3 fillings done by her, all of which caused me pain and problems. The last filling I had done Dr. Barth said she couldn't find &quot;anything wrong with.&quot; After going to another dentist, I found out that there is damage to the nerve (clearly visible on the xray) and I'm going to now need a root canal. The cause of the damage was due to either not enough water used with the drilling tool or drilling too deep and damaging the nerve. I can't believe the nightmare I am going through because of this dentist. Unfortunately it's too late for me but I'm hoping to save someone else a disastrous experience. Do yourself a favor and go elsewhere. You'll be glad you did!! 	3	3	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
52	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	I have always found Dr. Bennett to be a good, caring doctor.  I have been seeing her now for almost 6 years and have not had any complaints.  She takes the necessary steps to test and try to diagnose. If something is out of her expertise, she refers you right away. I don't think one could ask for more.  I would and do recommend her.  	4	4	5	4 	Insurance:Humana
52	1	Dr. Bennett is a good doctor. She's very friendly and is not afraid to tell you like it is (she told me I needed to lose weight). She told me about her own health experiences and gave good advice about what to do. She spends as much time with you as needed. If you ask a question she'll make sure you understand what she tells you. The wait time is average. I don't find it to be all that long before I am seen.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
52	1	Dr Bennett has been my GP for over 7 years.  I find her direcvtness and hometown humor to be quite pleasant after dealing with the medical community of Washington, DC for almost 12 years.  I travel 35 miles for office visits, and usually have to wait until well past my scheduled appointment.   WHY you may ask&#63;  Simple, she is worth it!!!  She is a doctor who cares, takes the time to listen and talk with her patients, and takes your health almost personally!!! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
52	0	If you are looking for a Doctor who will berate you and make you as uncomfortable as possible, Dr. Bennett is your gal. I've always had excellent service from all of the Doctors and ARNP's at PrimeCare, but she bordered on hateful. I can certainly understand if she was having a bad day, because we all do... but she was downright mean the entire time we spoke.  	1	5	1	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
53	1	Very helpful. He has a great personality.   LASIK worked wonderful!! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	1	I have been going to Dr.  Belisle For Years, he is knolegable, Straightn forward,and very helpful, I have the utmost confidence in him 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
54	-1	Dr Belisle didn't order tests to be run. He just listened to what my husband said and wrote him a prescription for a drug. The issue my husband has should have blood tests and a CAT scan in order to correctly diagnose it. 	5	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	Great Doctor. Very helpful. I would suggest him to anyone. Even my adult children. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	There isn't a better doctor anywhere than Dr B, he is very personable, knowledgable, helpful and I trust him completely.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
56	1	Dr.Baker and his Staff, Thank you from the bottom of my heart for giving my smile back. I had one of the worst cases of Acid Reflux the doctor had ever seen and I use to have the prettiest smile and in a few months it took it away from me. I was so depressed because use to people loved to see me smile and I was to ashamed to open my mouth after the acid started taking it's toll on my beautiful teeth. Well after I got good dental insurance I went to Dr.Baker showed him my pictures from before and he said no problem and went to work on them. I have to admit I never dreamed I would see them again and walk around smiling from ear to ear but, I am! He gave me the confidence I use to have back! I promise go to him and his staff and you won't regret it. I'm actually excited about going to work and SMILING like they use to see me do. God Bless you and your staff for everything!!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	Caring attitude and helpful. Would recommend her and her group to all. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
58	-1	Very Demeaning.  Bad attitude and bedside manner.  Will always request to not have Dr. Bennett after our visit.  She did a poor job answering the questions posed.  The reason we go to see a pediatrician is to come away with the comfort of knowing that our child is well or what the illness is.  We came away with neither and she created further worries. The rest of the staff at PAA has been great, just one bad apple.  	5	3	1	2 	Insurance:CIGNA
58	0	She was very demeaning and hurt my feelings!! I try not to request her when I go to the Doctor's appointments.  	5	3	1	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
58	1	Dr. Bennett is great! She was very kind and patient with my child. Not only is she very professional, but she is approachable as well. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
59	1	staff always unfriendly, hard to get prescription renewal information when needed from the staff 	1	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
59	1	Dr. Kenneth Bain (Capitol Family Physicians, Lawrenceburg, KY) is a wonderful doctor!  He always takes time to answer every question.  I have many health issues and see many doctors.  Of all of them, Dr.  Bain is the best!  Highly recommended! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
59	1	. very professional, always takes time to answer all questions, never gets in a hurry to get you out of the office, very friendly 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
59	1	Have been going to his office since he has been in Lawrenceburg.Very helpful, and caring. Try to make an appointmenty early in the day as they get behind in the afternoons. Office has evening hours which is great. Office staff has improved GREATLY since they have moved into new office.  	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
60	1	There is not a better internist in Louisville than Dr Barry!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	Very intelligent, efficient. Office well run.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
61	-1	Denied Insurance claim...  very hurtful to our family since we have little to no money 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Humana
62	1	I LOVED TAKING MY SPECIAL NEEDS SON TO HER OFFICE. DR. WAS VERY CONCERNED AND LISTENED TO MOM. MY SON IS 20YRS OLD NOW AND OTHER DR. SEEN TO THINK THEY KNOW EVERYTHIG.[NOT].DR. BAILEY ALSO SEEN MY SON AS A PERSON NOT A DISABILTY. SHE IS A BEAUTIFUL PERSON. WHEN HER GIRLS WERE BORN SHE GIVE THE GIRLS 100% OF HER TIME. I MISS DR.BAILEY AND THE CARE SHE GAVE MY SON. ISSAC REALLY LOVES HER. GOD BLESS U DR.BAILEY @FAMILY WE REALLY MISS U OXOXOXOXOXOX 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	Fiserv insurance used 	4	4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
63	0	Dr. Bell is a good doctor. He did treat my chronic pain. Yes, the &quot;staff&quot; is VERY NOSY! I went to Dr Bell for many years. However, all this being said, he decided he would no longer see me. Reason, his PA, did not like me because I refused to see her on this one occasion(I needed surgery which I  KNEW she could not perform!! Approx 6 mos later I went to pick scripts up,PA wanted a urine sample, I tried to pee for over 2 hrs, I have a chronic Bladder Disease, by then it was &quot;their&quot; closing time. I was in sooo much pain, my attorney called his PA, PA said I could come Monday a.m. for urine sample No Problem. I did &amp; I peed! 4 days later I got &quot;the&quot; letter from Dr Bell dismissing me. Surprise...  	1	1	3	3 	Insurance:Medicare
63	-1	A waist of many visits and a gossiping office staff.Had surgury after.Was also promised a pain electro machine  which was another lie.The injections about did me in which never happened when I had them done elsewhere many times.He offered no pain management.Only out to collect the money.I'm warning all to avoid this place unless you want to suffer.I think they rate themselves high on these reveiws.All forums on this practice have been deleted.$$$ 	1	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	Strong diagnois skill and gret at relieving pain. Not a pill doc but a true expect at killing pain.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
64	0	There are several reasons why I will not be going back to this doctor. I showed up on time for a 5:30 appointment, and she didn't take me until 7:00. Then she filed the appointment incorrectly with my insurance company, and when I disputed it she tried to convince me that it was my fault. Also, she may call at any and all hours of the day or night; I once called her in the afternoon and she called me back after 10PM when I was already in bed. I originally chose her because I work until 5:00 and she had later hours, but the bad experience I've had with her was not worth it. Overall, she is a nice person (aside from blaming me for her mistake with the insurance), but I do not want her as my doctor. 	3	1	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	She spends quality time with me to understand my needs and issues rather than just taking a shot at the symptoms.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
65	1	. Excellent, caring, takes time to explain 	5	5	3	5 	Insurance:Humana
66	1	Dr Beaver is very knowledgable and looks out for the health and well being of his patients.  He is very patient 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
67	1	Dr.Begay and his staff are wonderful. I have had sinus problems and he keeps trying to figure what is causing them. I also take my 93 year old Mother he is the best in Grayson County.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
68	1	Wonferful Docotor who delivered all of my grandchildren and saved my daughters life.   I would travel miles to go to him if I had a female problem 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
68	0	dont let this guy circumcise your newborn, take them to a urologist. He did 2 of my sons, and screwed both of them up, we ended up taking one of them to a urologist to have it fixed. He should stick to pap smears.  	1	1	1	4 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
69	1	He was very nice and caring.  He was not my doctor at the beginning of my pregnancy, but he did my c-section and was wonderful! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
70	-1	U used to like Dr. Beiting, but she became very commercial, trying to sell veneers, crowns, unnecessary filling, etc. I was very disappointed with her after certain incident. In addition, she is a bad listener: she asks you a question and then forgets your answer the next appointment and does her thing anyway. Disappointing.  	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Humana
70	1	Dr. Beiting's office is very professional and knowledgeable about dental care. What separates this dental practice from any of the others is their level of customer service and making sure their patients are more than satisfied with their experience. I would not trust my dental needs to anyone else in the Greater Cincinnati Area.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
70	1	Going to the dentist is something most of us don't look forward to...Dr. Beiting has changed that fear for me !!!  She is an incredible dentist with the 'bedside manner' of an Angel.  She listens first and then explains everything she is doing...BEFORE and THROUGHOUT your procedure.  I have had cleanings, fillings and a crown procedure by Dr. Beiting.  She is the BEST dentist I have ever been to.  Loved my whiter teeth after ZOOM also !!! If you're looking for a dentist ~ you will be in great hands with Dr. Katherine Beiting. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
70	-1	I've been a patient of Beiting for a few years. I was happy with her UNTIL her last work. She did fillings on my front teeth, and top white layer of the filling detached the next day, leaving yellow filling visible underneath. Now, if I want that fixed, new filling has to be done, meaning drilling the tooth even more which I'm not happy about. Also, she removed the corner of my tooth without me requesting it, which I absolutely dislike as it made my tooth crack &amp; smaller. There's more to the story, but I'll leave it at that. Also, she charges more than other dental offices for the same procedures. I will not go back to her after the last incident. 	3	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	Dr. Beiting and her staff are absolutely wonderful. I've been with Beiting Family dentistry for over 20 years, back with Dr. Daniel Beiting was the primary dentist, now that he's retired, his daughter-in-law runs the practice.  From the receptionists (who have been there as far back as I can remember going there), to the dental hygenists, to Dr. Beiting herself, everyone goes out of their way to make sure you are comfortable (massage chairs to help you relax and darkened safety goggles to block any stray water droplets and bright dental lights) and at ease. The office is very high tech, x-rays and scans are uploaded to computers and are visable to patients just moments after being captured. The staff makes sure you are aware of what's going on with your teeth and explains it in an easy to understand manner. Between the technological advancements and the amazing care, you won't find a better dentist! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	The most friendly staff and Dr. I have ever been around.  Very knowledgeable.  Everyone made me feel like I've been part of the family for years, and I was a new paitent.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
71	-1	Took forever to get an appointment and she was over an hour late getting in to see us.  She never got back to us on the testing that she ordered, even though we called many times. 	4	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
71	1	. takes a lot of time with her pts and treats them with respect 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
72	1	Dr. Barton performed a breast reduction and lift in 2007 for me. I had 0 complications and very little pain. I was and still am very happy with the results. I'm considering a tummy tuck. I will consult with him to do the procedure if I decide to go forward with it. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	Dr. Barton is very professional and thorough. He explained my procedure and went above and beyond to make me feel comfortable.  His staff is professional and made me feel comfortable as well. He is the best of the best. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	Dr. Barton and his staff are amazing! They were welcoming and very professional. I had a tummy tuck after a surgery that left my belly button somewhat deformed. Dr. Barton did an excellent job on my new tummy. He took his time and explained every aspect of the procedure. He really cares about his patients and has a passion for improving the lives of his patients through cosmetic surgery.  If I ever have another procedure I will go back to him and highly recommend him to others! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	Dr. Barton was EXTREMELY thorough and a perfectionist. Took much more time on my surgery (breast augmentation) than your average plastic surgeon. He was very upfront with me about every aspect of the procedure. He also took excellent care of me afterwards, checking in with me and having me come in to see him several times for the first few months after my surgery. He even met me after hours to accommodate my schedule. I also had very little pain (didn't need pain meds 2nd day after surgery). Completely trustworthy and highly recommended. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	He did my surgert 10 years ago. I never had a problem. A great doctor. 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	Dr. Barton did an amazing job removing a basal cell carcenoma from my face. 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
72	0	This Plastic Surgeons office was very unprofessional. When checking in with the receptionist for my appointment, the receptionist answered her cellular phone while taking my payment. The doctor came in the office for two ten minute segments expecting me to accept that as my 1 hour consultation time and to leave with unanswered questions. Dr. Barton also did not use proper terminology; he referred to African Americans as Black Folks. This was the worse consultation I ever had. 	1	1	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	Had a couple of procedures done and extremely happy with the outcome. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	Did a fantastic job on my surgery. He did such an incredible job that there was a barely noticeable scar left. (cyst removal on face) 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	Very professional - very intelligent and very thorough.  Much doesn't get by her! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
74	1	Excellent and would highly recommend.  Will tell you flat out what needs to be done to figure out your problem and will answer every question you have. 	3	4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
75	1	Dr. Belin is an amazing man!  He saved my life in 2005.  I highly reccomend him to anyone with colorectal issues.  My problem was hard to find, but he was persistent, and I am here and healthy now in 2012 with him to thank.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
75	1	Dr. Belin is an awesome surgeon. He has operated on me 4 times and he is very thorough and takes care of his patients. I would highly recommend him to anyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
75	1	saved my life!   Great surgeon.   Good pre and postop care! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
75	1	Dr. Bruce Belin saved my life.  I was VERY ill from colitis and he removed my colon and did an &quot;ileoanal anastomosis.&quot;..Commonly called a J- Pouch...Dr. Belin is a very knowledgeable and well trained ( Cleveland Clinic Fellow).  I would recommend him to anyone who has any Colorectal issues.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
75	1	 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
76	-1	Very unprofessional. My father was lying dying and he was one of the most rude people that I have ever meet. The nurse said that his behavior was reported to her superior and she done without us even asking her too. Another nurse commented that he treated all patients this way and that it was a long month whenever he was duty. One of his residents told me to pray for him.  	3	1	1	3 	Insurance:Medicare
76	0	He's one of the meanest men ever made by God...  But at least he's kinda smart.  	1	1	1	5 	Insurance:Humana
77	-1	Was very unhappy with the care my husband recieved when he suffered a stroke. dr. bajorek saw him firstfor about 30mins or so and never returned. My husband should have been followed by his partner Dr. Melissa Smith. My husband was NEVER seen by Dr.Bajorek of Dr.Smith for the rest of his hospital stay. He was d/c by our family doctor. POOR Professional's would not recommend Bajorek or Smith.  	2	2	2	2 	Insurance:Medicare
77	1	wonderful doctor, he is one of the few that will sit down and explain things until he's sure you understand and will answer any and all questions you have no matter how long it takes. I would highly recommend him to anyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
77	1	Dr. Bajorek makes me feel he cares about my pain and I feel comfortable with him when I need difficult tests. His staff is just as nice and I'm thankful to have his care during a difficult time with health problems.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
78	1	Very compassionate, thoughtful and cares about the needs of his patients 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	excellent 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
79	-1	. Does not listen to patient, does not seem to be able to get to root cause of problems or seem to understand basic anatomy in relation to ligaments, muscles and the spine! 	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Workers Comp
79	-1	The worst Dr I have ever been to she is very rude and disrespectful. The receptionist Steve her brother is as clueless as her. I have s back injury and at my job I have to physically restrain my clients. I am still in pain she released me to go back to work. When I asked her what should I do for the pain she told me to lift weights and walked out of the room. If you have a bad back the last thing u wanna do is lift weights. When I asked them for a form to file a complaint they didn't have any. When I asked for a number to call to complain Steve said there was no such place stay away from that lady all she wants is to get paid you will not receive the proper treatment the **** on the corner can give you better healthcare than that old bat if you want to be treated bad and get poor treatment see Dr Ballard.  Dr Dre is a better Dr than that woman 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Workers Comp
80	-1	STAFF IS VERY RUDE AND NASTY NOT HELPFUL AT ALL. THE OFFICE WAS VERY UNPROFESSIONAL AND WAS RAN POORLY. THE DR. WAS RUDE AND WAS NOT WILLING TO LISTEN TO WHAT I HAD TO SAY AND JUST RAN HER MOUTH.  I WOULD NEVER TELL ANYONE TO GO TO THIS OFFICE!!!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
80	1	Smart as a whip, I've enjoyed this doctor and her partner, and her Mother!  She's willing to think outside the box, extends her good mind to whatever problem is brewing.  My Mother died from complications of an odd lingering dimentia, Zhalet actually came to our house to help me understand the Hospice process and underline my decisions.  Extraordinary young woman.  Glad to know her as a person as well! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	Dr. Baharestan is an excellent diagnostician.  She is one of the few doctors who still see their patients when they are in the hospital. She addresses the overall health of her patients and doesn't just practice acute care.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
80	1	Dr. Baharestan has been my physician for 2 years. She is very smart and a great diagnostician. Her staff is wonderful and helpful. Highly recommend this practice! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
80	-1	My daughter is a nurse and is concerned about my health due to my previous cancer history.  I've also been hospitalized with viral minigitis and hepatitis.  She wanted me to see her doctor that she felt w/follow me closely and caringly.  I went to this doctor, had blood work done and pointed out that my thumb had swollen up for no reason and was huge.  I w/referred to a hand doctor w/stated I had arthritis. While waiting for the next follow up appt., my hand w/keeping me awake w/pain.  I talked to nurse practitioner numerous times explaining pain.  I was told to continue the Ibupropin.  Two weeks after 1st appt. I tried to call their office and was told no one was there.  My arm was swollen, had red streaks going up it and my thumb and hand were huge. I called in sick at work and saw my previous dr. who prescribed antibotics due to infection. When I went back for follow up with them, this dr.  refused to see me for going somewhere else! Is this America&#63;  I will go where they care! 	4	5	1	1 	Insurance:Humana
80	1	I have a variety of cronic conditions. She follows me closely and and is not shy when it comes to reminding me to exercise, eat less, etc. When feeling ill, she is very good about making time to see you.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
80	1	Great Doctor! Very caring and always curtious.  I have been seeing her for almost 5 years now and have reccomended several friends and they all agree! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
80	-1	I left this MD's practice when Jewish Physician Group took over management of the office.   Poor quality and service from them 	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Humana
80	-1	I went to this doctor one time she was very rude. I too was quistioned about my weight and the fact that maybe I should get an AID test due to the fact my boyfriend and I have been together for 10 years but not married.  	5	2	1	1 	Insurance:Humana
80	1	I cannot say enough GOOD things about Dr/ Baharasten. We have been seeing her for over 4 years and she has helped both my husband and me.She cooperates with other doctors about specific problems.She actually LISTENS to us.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
80	-1	This was my first time going there on a recomadation, and there was a dog in the office, not a small dog but it looked like a german shepard just walking around back to the lab area where they drew my blood.  Then when I came back for my appointment (for my blood pressure) I got attacked about my weigh. I don't know if she was having a bad day or what, but treating a new client like that isn't professional.  	3	5	1	1 	Insurance:Humana
80	1	Have been with this dr for a few years.  She is very personable and treats patients as intelligent adults.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
80	1	Very pleasant, takes time with patient, speaks in understandable language, sees patients promptly, exhibits excellent skills, returns calls. She also sees her patients when hospitalized. She has a couple of early days (starts around 7 pm). She has a technician in the office to draw blood. My wife, my adult daughter and I use her and we are all pleased.  	 3/3/09	5	5	5	Insurance:Humana
80	-1	doesn't work well with families 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	Dr.  Bailey is very good at what he does.  He helped me so much and accomplished it in a friendly straight forward approach.  Dr.  Bailey was very understanding and personable.  I am completely satisfied with the outcome on my left foot. I plan on returning for treatment on my right foot because I know it will be &quot;right&quot; after his care.   Thx Dr.   Bailey 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
81	1	. Very knowlegeable and friendly 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
82	-1	Didn't feel that medical issue's were addressed during office visits. Had to be seen repeatedly for the same problems with no resolution. Felt that other issue's were discussed during office time. Lab results were not addressed in timely manner. Had to request time and time again to receive them. No resolution was given to negative lab results. 		3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
83	0	I had a problem with some billing and talked to his staff and they were unconcerned, so, I had to talk with him.  He had to correct it himself.  I had some expensive dental work done and continued to have problems, and went back to him about these problems.  With following his instructions, problems continued.  I ended up losing two teeth, which should not have happened.  One problem continued.  I went to another dentist, who was very highly recommended and had to have surgery because one procedure was not done correctly.  I don't know anyone who would want to experience such poor dental work.  I have good dental insurance and pay my copay, so, payment was no factor in receiving poor dental work. 	3	3	4	1 	Insurance:Unknown
83	0	I, personally, would not go to Dr. Baldwin ever again. He is a nice man. However, he performed a lot of work on my teeth that is now causing me problems. Most of the fillings that he performed have turned into root canals. The root canal that he performed never healed--I had to have oral surgery recently. 		3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
84	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
84	-1	I am a paralyzed veteran.  This doctor is the meanest, most arrogant, and least knowledgable doctor I have ever met.  He brags that he can take veterans off of pain medications.  He does take vets off pain meds, but he doesnt do anything for the pain.  DEMAND another doctor if you are sent to Dr.  Bennett 	4	2	1	1 	Insurance:Veterans Administration
84	-1	cHANGES MEDS EVERY TIME I SEE HIM. ARROGANT.   bAD MOUTHS OTHER DOCTORS 	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:Veterans Administration
85	1	. She is an amazing Doctor! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
86	1	. Very helpful and is concern with her paients 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
87	1	Love Dr.  Benns! He is awesome and always treats me so well! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
88	-1	Doctor is very friendly and has a good bedside manner.   Low wait time, which, IMO, is a rarity with doctors these days.  That said, he did not explain my RA to me at all.  I had to do my own research. Like another has stated, does not seem to like complicated cases. Does not listen or explain things well, just basically says the same thing over and over again.   Just seems to want to push you off on Pain Management who says rheumatologist should be helping.  Am seeking another rheumatalogist. 	4	5	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	He is very friendly and always on time. He has tried me on about eight different meds and nothing works.   I don't blame the doc because he does try different things 	5	5	5	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
88	1	First time with this Doc, have been to plenty in many years and believe me he is better than a lot of them I have been too.  Going back for 2nd appointment and looking forward to it. 	5	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
88	-1	Very friendly! The other post are correct. He does not listen. He is in and out quickly, does not seem to like complicated cases he cant fix with an anti inflamatory or steroid. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
88	-1	He is friendly, smiles right through your appointment of a few minutes. Wont listen and just wants to give you a medication to stop the pain, but HELLO ever look to see what is causing the pain&#63;&#63;&#63;  I found a new Dr. in Nashville, very impressed. Its ashamed Paducah is not represented any better in the Rheumatology department. I have a serious disorder that he didn't even try to find the cause of. 	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	I have been going to this doctor for many years and he has tried many different medicines on me to try to easy the pain in my knees. I find him very caring and the best. I now can live mostly pain free.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
88	-1	does not really listen to what you are telling him.  Says the same thing every time you go in.  Does not want to try anything new.  Not very helpful. He is a very polite and nice physician and has a good bedside manner.  He is always on time for his appointments and I never have to wait over 5-10 minutes. 	5	5	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
88	-1	. does not listen, didnt find my problem or care to try and find the cause of the joint pain 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Humana
89	-1	. i was not give any kind of sedative prior to my endoscopy and she was 5 hours late for the procedure 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
89	1	She removed serval polyps from my colon that were precancerous.  She was  very helful, personable, and knowledgeable.  I had to call and reschedule my follow up appointment due to a family emergency, the person that answered the phone Janet was RUDE!!!! I ask to speak to the office manager because she was so rude, and the office manager was Rude too.  Dr. BAsom was NOT rude but her office staff was.  I am in management and if these people worked for me, they would be fired.  	1	3	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
89	1	DR.BASCOM IS AN OUTSTANDING PROFESSIONAL AND VERY KNOWLEDGEABLE.SHE IS HELPFUL AND CARING AND SENSITIVE TO YOUR NEEDS. SHE DID A PROCEDURE FOR ME THAT CUT MY BILE DUCT AND WE WAITED TO SEE IF MY HIGH LEVELS IN MY LIVER WERE GONNA CHANGE FOR THE BETTER. AND AFTER 48 HOURS THEY DID AND I WAS THANKFUL.THIS ALLOWED ME TO FIND THE ROOT OF MY PROBLEM AND I FOLLOWED UP WITH GALLBLADDER SURGERY IMMEDIATELY. SHE WAS USED TO SAVE MY LIFE AND I HAVE GREAT FEELING FOR HER AS A PERSON AND DOCTOR. I KNOW SHE WOULD DO THE SAME FOR YOU. THANKS DR. BASCOM.  	 3/2/09	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
90	1	DR. BAIRD IS A WONDERFUL DOCTOR, I WOULD RECCOMEND HIM TO ANYONE LOOKING FOR A OB/GYN. I HAVE HAD ALOT OF PROBLEMS AND HE HAS TAKEN CARE OF ME. HE IS CARING AND COMPASSIONATE WITH ALL HIS PTS. HE BELIEVES STRONGLY IN PRAYER AND KEEPS THAT WITH HIM DURING HIS PRACTICE. I HAVE BEEN TO OTHER OB/GYN DOCTORS BUT NONE AS CARING AND AS HE IS. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	. my son was injured very bad we seen 2 drs and none of them would touch him so the last one sent him to dr ball dr ball did surger took 8 hrs and was not sure he would even walk again hes doing great in my thought dr ball is the best around here 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
91	1	Dr. Ball, has been the best Dr. that I have ever had to have treatment from.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
92	-1	I have been a patient for almost a year here and only have ever seen the nurse practitioner, Bridgett who is great. I have been called before to come in for pill counts 911 no problem, but this time, I had a bad pain day and slept through the call and the message just said, &quot;Please call us at ###-####&quot;. So I did when I woke up, but they were already closed. I called again the next morning first thing and they said I missed a pill count and that I had to do it within the 8 hours within the phone call. There are so many reasons why you could miss that call!! Anyway, A few days later, I got a letter in the mail stating that I had been kicked out of the program, don't call, don't come there, kiss their ass goodbye. Reason&#63; MISSED PILL COUNT/NO ANSWER. How stupid is that!&#63; Now I am so screwed because the one little pill I was getting from them is going to be so much fun to try and get from a new doctor before I run out and go into withdrawal. All Dr. Baird wants is the cash payers. $550a pop 	 7/25/12	1	1	1	Insurance:Medicare
92	0	Dr Baird - often comes in after opening time of 8:00 am as well as staff. I had many 8:00am appts and was still waiting in the parking lot waiting past appt time for Dr and staff to show up. Dr charges excessive fees for completion of forms (i.e. $300 fee to fill out continuing disability form total 2 pg. document with approx 10 questions. On one occasion Dr completed form during my exam (15 min time) and billed me additional $200 to complete form. STAFF - Billing is a joke. Consistently apply payments incorrectly or fail to bill Insurance at all. Have been denied service on appt date because billing claimed acct past due, but I found out that insurance had paid in full negotiated amount, but Billing would not even return my calls. Totally inept billing and bookkeeping staff. Dr also performs expensive tests such as DNA testing in lieu of metabolic panels (less costly) to check metabolism of drugs. Appears this Dr is more concerned with money than patient well being.  	 7/15/12	1	3	2	Insurance:Aetna
92	-1	I too have had MAJOR difficulties with billing. They have charged me FULL price for over a year and gave me all kinds of excuses on why my ins would not pay. Then when I finally called the ins company, they said the office had not filed a claim in over a year! The office keeps giving new reasons why and they have now filed it wrong over and over again and have not paid me the money they owe me.  When I threatened to call an attorney, they discharged me as a patient and filed two MORE claims wrong! I HAVE called an attoney, WHAS11 and am reporting them to the Medical License Board!! 	 7/9/12	1	2	2	Insurance:Anthem
92	0	The office staff is horrible!  We had SEVERAL billing issues with them, but I always paid them promptly after reviewing bills.  Once, my husband went to his appointment and they requested he pay on a bill that we had not seen yet.  I refused and told them that I needed to review bills PRIOR to paying them.  The office staff member became exceedingly irrate and told me that it is mandatory that I pay them some money even if I had not yet been sent a bill.  I told them if they wouldn't oblige, then I was taking my business elsewhere.  A week later we got a note in the mail saying they were terminating my husband as a patient because I had an attitude!  This office was also consistently running late.  Once we got stuck in traffic and called to tell them we would be 10 minutes late.  Just because we were late, they made us wait 2.5 hours to be seen at close of business even thought they were 1 hour behind when we got there.  We also could never get returned calls in an emergency.  Horrible! 	1	1	2	3 	Insurance:Humana
92	-1	Stay away from this place. As long as you pay anything they say you owe, you're his best patient. If you question a bill that your insurance has already paid, you're gone without any meds to help you through the time it takes to find another doctor.  If you don't believe me, then I feel sorry for you, a rude awakening is not far off.  Please stay away him, he will hurt you , bad.  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Medicare
92	0	I let my guard down because I thought he was a caring doctor. We always laughed and talked about many things and I liked him.  Please be careful because this man cares for NO patient, no matter how ill you are. If you don't believe me question a bill no matter if it's already been paid by your insurance, he will fire you on the spot with no meds no matter what.  John if you want to know if God has a message for you, like you usually asked me, it's like this, &quot;Why&#63;&quot; 	1	2	2	4 	Insurance:Medicare
92	-1	.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
92	1	Dr. Baird is very kind and has helped me tremendously. He's always willing to go the extra mile and is genuinly concerned about you. That said, he is quirky and tough. He can sometimes seem a little nosy but he's means well and is just trying to get to know you. Be aware, however that if you fail a drug test or abuse the medications he gives he will drop you immediately and will be extreamly irate, he will view it as a betrayal of his trust. Give him chance, even if he seems rude or strange at first, everyone has a bad day and he is really a good doctor, and thats a rare find these days. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	Doctor Baird is the only doctor I've ever had the pleasure of knowing as a patient. He doesn't tire of his patients or thier medical journey. He will continue to try new things &amp; new approaches till the both of you are satisfied. I would have never made it thru the last decade of my life without his care. He is very knowledgeable in the medical &amp; holistic approaches with a vast variety of illnesses. If anyone was to ask me I would have to say, greatest doctor I've ever had the pleasure to work with.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
92	0	He suggested that I try pot to aid pain relief or a few drinks then dismissed me for failing a drug test when the level was less than 20ppm,or that was the excuse. He was giving me 240 oxycodone 10mg per month. He made a nasty comment as a joke about my personal life, confidential information,in front of staff and office patients twice. In a time of personal crisis,I was taking Cymbalta, and was suicidal, he dismissed me as a patient. After that he &quot;blackballed me with every pain doctor I tried to get an appointment to see. They were canceled before I even spoke to the doctors after hearing from him. I'm a disabled veteran with a chronic pain condition related to PTSD. I don't have an axe to grind as he was a very nice laid back man who helped me a lot but changed abruptly almost &quot;over night&quot;.  	1	2	2	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
92	-1	I arrived as asked 30 min early and was not seen until 1 hour and a half past my appt time.  Got a 45 second exam for a new pt and he wanted to run blood work on me but insulted me by telling me I was complaining about the distance I drove to see him, when I was only telling him my circumstances, and that he has people drive 2-3hours just to see him. I made the appt for a consult but was drug screened before ever being seen and was not given any helpful information for my condition.  I will not be returning due to feeling like I was treated like a bottomfeeder.  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
92	-1	.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Humana
92	-1	Dr. Baird dropped me as his patient when I failed a urine test after having surgery and being in the hospital for almost a week. I was examined by him below the waist and he even saw my stitches in. I didnt know what all they had given me. He also had me on suboxone for a long time. It was in the newspaper this week that it is not to be used for pain. He also put me on concerta and asked me what dosage I wanted after giving me 4 different selections. I swear to god I am not exagerating anything! I can pass a polygraph with flying colors!!! I can't get my medical records for a month and am currently having withdrawel from coming off ambien,morphine,and ritalin all at once. His office manager is rude and crude and of no help. The good news is I have an appointment with a doctor this Monday to see how badly I have been missmanaged. Please be very cautious with this doctor. He also owes me money. I only found out about it when he thought I owed him money.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Humana
92	1	after 2 years of dr after dr telling me i w needed surgrey i didnt need surgery i finally was refered to dr.  Baird and from 1st visit i have been improving feelin like getting out of bed in the morning or better yet feeling like i can get out of bed in the mornings i still have pain and im sure on my next visit he will adjust my meds and i will be in even better shape than i am now hopefully able to return to  work and provide for my family again thank u dr Baird 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
92	0	.  	3	3	1	4 	Insurance:Humana
92	-1	Strange ethics! He held an empty bottle over my shoulder &amp; said it helped him determine my problem. Huh&#63; Never once gave me any tests to see if I was progressing or regressing. Literally asked me what I needed (in the way of meds)at each visit as tho he were giving out candy. Accused me of being an addict, yet HE was the one prescribing the meds! Used a lab (Ameritox) who charged over $1000 per claim when he could have used Lab Corp or another more reasonable company that my insurance company would have paid for! Not to mention they are out-of-network for almost every insurance company. Wondered if he was in cahoots w/them! Lectured me for not calling to have my script refilled when he couldn't find it in my urine specimen, yet he has a note in his office NOT to call for drug refills.  I would NOT recomment him to anyone.  	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:Humana
92	-1	This guy is weird! He ask questions about sexuality that do not pertain to my condition and mis-diagnosed my condition. I see why others report that they felt uncomfortable. Dr. Baird is creepy.  	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
92	1	At first, he rubbed me the wrong way (he didn't seem very welcoming); however, as the appointment went along, I really came to enjoy him as a person, and a doctor. He knew a lot about my condition, both from a conventional and alternative medical perspective. I have not yet followed his medical advice, as I just met with him this morning. However, our plan give me great hope, and it's one that I feel very comfortable following. Not once did he push any medication or modality on me that I did not want. Furthermore, he took a personal interest in how I was from an emotional standpoint as well, which was a breath of fresh air.  	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Humana
92	-1	this is one of the weirdest, rudest people i have ever encountered. i think he is taking some of the many drugs he hands out like candy! he asked me too many questions re my sex life. he put me on pain meds stronger than morphine. he yelled at me and made me cry. he said i must have been sexually ****ed as a child or i would not have the pain issues i did. he thinks he is god. he is fat telling people how to be healthy&#63;&#63; he told me that if i was going to see any other drs. he could not treat me. he was going to charge me $6,300.00 to treat me for a disease i did not have. his patients are so drugged that they can't even park well in front of his office. one woman had me  pinned in my car because she was parked so crooked. stay away from this man. 	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
92	-1	First visit was  $150 or $200, then $100.I was given prescriptions for suboxone on 2 occasions.The second rx resulted in finding out Baird was not qualified to write it.  The 3rd visit, for something else resulted in him telling me I had so much valium in my system, on the previous visit, that there was no way I could have walked in.  Further, I never took a valium. I was discharged from his care for violation of contract. He did not want to return my $100 but did so. I guess to save himself from embarrassment 	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
92	-1	terrible, rude...i left in tears. i know i am not the only one...i was in his office 5 times and three of those times i saw a patient leave in tears. when i said this is to far to drive just to get medicine, that i needed treatment he promptly replied i am not here to &quot;sell&quot; !WOW!!!what did he think i was there for&#63; he never did one treatment, not one test, not one xray! if you just want drugs then he is great, if you want treatment or a cure, well, you are S--- out of luck.  	2	5	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
92	-1	. He is rude and not and not helpful if you do not have the condition he diagnosis you with 		3	1	3 	Insurance:Aetna
92	1	Dr.Baird is wonderful because he knows there are other ways besides main-stream medicine that bring healing to the body. He doesn't believe in &quot;masking&quot; symptoms but finding what will heal. I appreciate his life long pursuit of knowledge to help others and his willingness to see it through. He also knows that mankind did not get into the conditions they are in over night and will not be healed over night. Some results happen quicker than others. He is prudent, diligent and appreciates patients that are as well. He is committed to your healing and will help if you let him. One other thing I will mention is that Dr.Baird also realizes that we have families to care for and that our health care costs must be reasonable.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
92	1	Dr Baird and his staff gave me my life back. After an automobile accident, I went to many doctors for four years and none could help. After my first visit to Healing Options, he figured out exactly what was wrong and set up a plan to treat my fibromyalgia. Everyone there is so positive and helpful. I just wish I had found Dr Baird sooner.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
92	1	I am amazed of his knowledge regarding my condition. I left his office feeling like I finally found a physician that knew what I was going through and actually listened, I did not feel rushed in any manner. I feel better physically and mentally after one visit with Dr. Baird than I have with any Dr. ( And the Dr's I have been to in the past were treating me accordingly by the book) I feel like the &quot;old me&quot; which is a good thing.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
92	1	Dr. Baird has helped me tremendously with knowledge of all aspects of Fibromyalgia and its related illnesses. Because of Dr. Baird I have been able to do things I couldn't do for years. He has brought me back to the land of the living in my perspective, and many others in his office I know feel the same way.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
92	-1	Blew me off, and was very rude. He was very condescending and arrogant.  Does some type of muscle test with a little ball&#63;&#63;&#63; 		1	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
93	1	The manner of treatment from the front desk and medical assistant was excellent.  The doctor was very good with the amount of time he spent with me and provided a very good explanation of my condition and treatment. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
94	1	I have only had one patient visit with him but he was very nice and made me feel comfortable which is extremely important to me. I have since had 2 other visits with 2 female doctors at the practice, neither of them made me feel comfortable. I would be switching OB's if it weren't for him being there.  	5	4	4	4 	Insurance:Aetna
94	1	Dr. Beaven is the best doctor i ever had,I always look forward to seeing him, because he is very helpful and has great manners. Good doctors are very hard to find these days. I hope he never leaves the office he works at. If so i would go where he goes.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
94	1	He is a very understanding doctor and willing to do whatever I wanted to try to alleviate heavy periods.  Made sure I was screened for cancer and polyps and made every attempt to rule out any other causes.  He talks to you in a caring way and doesn't act superior because he has a medical degree.  Also, even though I sometimes wait an hour, when he does get to you he's willing to stay and talk so you don't feel like he's rushing to get to the next patient.  Would recommend him to others.  	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
94	-1	He would not grant my requested C-section, even though 2 difficult labors, big babies vaginally 8.5lbs,10.5lbs. Prior Spinal fusion before 3rd child pregnancy, Denied before delivery and during delivery, Result, son almost diedhad torn ligaments in neck, possible fractured skullpossible hemorrage to brain from vacuum/forceps i was told it would be a wait and see My son at age of 2 received physical therapyis still receiving speech developementalspecialist from traumatic birth. Which In my opinion could have been avoided if I was taken seriously and my request of a C-section was granted. My son's head was tilted so his chin was touching his chest and this was how he was pulled from my vagina, ripping me and causing me to still have anterior and posterior vagina prolapse. He never once came back to the hospital room or call to see how I was. One of the nurses even jumped on top of my stomach and pushed as hard as she could cause this doctor was yelling &quot;We have to get this baby out!&quot; 		5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
94	1	He is truly a great doctor. I wouldn't choose anyone else. He is very helpful and compassionate.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
94	1	Dr. Beaven is very understanding and compassionate. Unlike most male gynecologist, he listens and tries to understand what you are going through.  A++ 		4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
94	1	DR. BEAVENS IS A GREAT DOCTOR WHO IS VERY HELPFUL WITH ALL MY QUESTIONS! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
95	1	Dr.Banister is a wonderful surgeon. He did my gallbladder surgery, has fantastic bedside manner. He makes you feel at ease and tries to make you laugh. He explained everything throughly. I would HIGHLY recommend him to others. Wonderful man and surgeon.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
96	1	. great doctor she really cares about her patients and listens to you,I highly recommend her thanks Matthew Nunn 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
97	1	Doctor Bean is the best Surgeon that I would suggest. He is kind, courtious and very knowledgable, efficient and identifies with patients. He is first rate in the two time I have seen him.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
97	1	I was suffering with back pain for a few months and seeing my family M.D. who would not prescribe the needed dosage amounts of lortab to control my pain. Upon seeing Dr. Bean for my consult he wrote a prescription and scheduled my surgery date. His office sent detailed information prior to surgery including directions to hospital and directions for in the hospital. Surgery was scheduled for 9:00 a.m., began at 10:10 a.m., lasted 45min., and I was on my way home 2hrs. later. 14 months prior I had prostate surgery and was nervous about my past experience with anesthesia due to being reintubated and staying longer. Dr. Bean and his staff were sensitive to my fears and assured me that they would be on top of it. They were.I was awake within minutes after surgery. I am now 9 days post op and I only regret not pursuing this surgery sooner. My brother and neice also have had success stories with Dr. Bean. Staff and Central Baptist get a 5 star rating from me.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
97	1	Good Doctor- however he just got himself involved in slandering a patient. Please be careful as his physician's assistant started the slander and he went along with it! Not what you would expect of someone of his caliber. Office staff not as friendly as they could be- they could all use sensitivity training. As long as your business there does not involve pain medication- you will be treated better. Otherwise you are just an addict and not worthy of respect or consideration.  	3	4	3	5 	Insurance:Anthem
97	1	EXCELLENT PHYSICIAN.  WE ARE PRIVILEGED TO HAVE HIM IN THIS CITY.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
98	1	 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
99	1	 	4	4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
