dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	Dr.  Obryan and his wife make a wonderful team! Very complete 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
1	1	Staff is very nice and helpful.  Dr. O'Bryan seems to be very concerned and takes as much time as needed. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
1	-1	Saw Dr. O'Bryan in Emergency Room. He &quot;diagnosed&quot; me with pneumonia, although my regular doctor (as well as my discharge papers) later gave me a different diagnosis. He also gave me a prescription for an expensive medication which actually was completely inappropriate for my malady! I have NO confidence in this physician; very disappointed.  	3	3	2	2 	Insurance:CIGNA
2	-1	He is a complete ASS. Wet behind the ears + a major chip on his shoulder - if he were the last doctor on the face of the earth and I needed treatment, I would kill myself. 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
3	-1	Our complaint about Dr. Owen is that he jumps to conclusions and bases his diagnosis on what he believes and not what the patient is telling him. He should listen to his patients and remain openminded. We would not recommend him to anyone.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Workers Comp
3	1	he was so &quot;kind&quot; to devote 2 minutes maybe 3...  	1	2	3	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
4	-1	.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
4	-1	He will not take any sort of &quot;female&quot; emergency seriously and will belittle you for coming into the ER 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	. Able to discuss health problems and offer help 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
5	1	Great physician with excellent communications skills. Have been a satisfied patient for ten years.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	1	He was fast and efficient. I waited less than ten minutes in the waiting room and then less then ten for Dr. O'Connell.  It was an enjoyable experience 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
7	-1	. Surgery resulted in permanent nerve damage! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Humana
8	-1	Dr Oder's staff never returns calls or sees about script refills. Called could not see doctor cause just saw him last week so she said she would talk to him and have something sent out. She did not do it, so here is another sleepless, sick evening. Need to change doctors 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	Dr. Oder and staff are always sympathetic, the doctor addresses the issue at hand, and usually with a few options. One of the few great family practice doctors in the area.  I drive from Louisville to Taylorsville just to be seen by him.  	 4/3/11	5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
8	1	Dr. Oder has been my doctor many years and as a health professional , i am careful about who provides my health care. He is patient, kind and explains anything asked of him. His approach is holistic and he never rushes thru assessments or care.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
8	1	Doctor Oder is outstanding. Very patient man. He took extra time to explain my conditions and what he felt my recovery was going to be like. He was understanding and assisted me with all forms I needed for work.  We are blessed to have him in Taylorsville! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
8	1	He took almost 1 1/2 hours for our first visit, took time to really listen to me. Seemed to believe me, which is saying a lot when you have Fibromyalgia! My husband has also seen him for a back injury and arthritis and he has been very helpful and knowledgeable about both. 		5	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
9	-1	Staff tends to be very short and somewhat rude. 	 5/8/08	3	3	2	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	Dr. Owen was able to get me in as a new pt ASAP!!  It is difficult to have a timely appt for a dermatologist and that service was greatly appreciated in my time of need.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
11	1	I have been seeing Dr Oliphant for 20 plus years and I couldn't ask for a better Dr. His &quot;bed side manner&quot; is excellent. He makes me feel comfortable and he always makes sure you understand everything before you leave.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
11	1	He is so wonderful. Got me through 3 ectopic pregnancies. Would call me at home to make sure I was taken meds and getting better. He explains everything. He answered all my crazy questions with genuine concern,He treated me as if I was a member of his family. I trust him with my life. Wonderful doctor extraordinary man. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	Dr. Oliphant es maravilloso,  agradable y con mucha experiencia en su  especialidad. Se toma el tiempo necesario para escucharte y da la solucion correcta   a los problemas medicos de los pacientes. Las recepcionistas son muy agradables y su enfermera es muy atenta y presta atencion  a tus problemas. Great Doctor, Nurse and staff .  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
11	1	Love this doctor. Very helpful and knowledgeable. Returns all calls and will sit with you forever answering any questions. Got me thru 1 miscarriage and 2 births. Wish he was my general dr.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
11	1	Wanted to update my review:  Dr Oliphant came to visit me after hearing I was hospitalized at NO CHARGE to my insurance just because he wanted to check on me.   THAT is a STELLAR doctor!! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
11	1	awesome doctor who delivered both of my babies. sweet personality and knowledgeable too.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
11	1	Dr Oliphant is an AWESOME OBGYN for ladies w PCOS trying to concieve! He started me on both Metformin and Clomid after a brief consulatation appt and ultrasound, and ALWAYS returns phone calls in timely fashion... great personality too! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
12	-1	SHE IS PATHETIC.  DOESN'T KNOW WHAT SHE IS DOING! WHO ACCEPTED HER INTO MEDICAL SCHOOL! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Humana
13	-1	I saw Dr. Orthober in the Emergency Room at two different hospitals on consecutive days. Both times for accute pancreatitis. The first time, after not doing a ct scan and ignoring my symptoms, he said there was nothing wrong and sent me home with severe &quot;unexplainable&quot; pain. The next day when I went to a different hospital for a second opinion he accused me of being a drug addict and said I was using my disease as an excuse to get narcotics. After that I went to my family doctor and with a quick blood test and an x-ray he found that I was suffering from an acute pancreatitis attack. A painfully obvious diagnosis Dr. Orthober was wrong about twice in two days. Perhaps Dr. Orthober should quit judging people and not assume the patient is lying every time he's wrong. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	Dr. O'Nan is the best doctor I've ever had. She is knowledgeable, friendly and easy to talk to. It feels like you're talking to a friend rather than your doctor. She takes time to answer your questions and ease any concerns. She's highly professional but down to earth enough that you feel very comfortable with her, which is especially important with an OBGYN.  I highly recommend her! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
14	1	Dr O'Nan is the best!  She takes time to understand your issues and make sure you get absolutely the best of care.  I know several people that see her and all are very satisfied.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	Love Dr. O'Nan!  I have seen her for several years and have been through surgery, infertility treatments, and the pregnancy of my first daughter with her.  She is very kind, warm, and friendly.  She is genuinely concerned about her patients and it feels like you are visiting a friend instead of just a doctor.  She will answer your questions and is accommodating to any special needs or circumstances that you may have.  I never feel uncomfortable expressing my concerns or questions.  My only complaint is her office - sometimes it takes hours to be seen for an appt and some of the other members of the staff are not always the most professional.  	2	2	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
15	1	Dr. Ogden is very polite and knowledgable. I would recommend him to anyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
16	1	Great Dr. My son loves him as well. He is good with children and was even better about answering my questions. When we thought my son (5 at the time) had meningitis, he told me exactly what I could do and what to look for. It turned out not to be the case, but the Dr took many precautions.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
16	1	. Excllent w/bothservice & patients 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
17	-1	Do'nt answer my question thinks i'not in pain. WHAT CON I DO TO MAKE HIM SEE I,MIN PAIN&#63; 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	patients usually do okay,but they bleed alot after surgery. 		3	3	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	Great doctor, listens well and takes the time to understand your medical problem.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
18	1	I went to see Dr. O. the first time and he diagnosed me with a condition I'd had my whole life and never knew it. He's always taken the time to listen to what I have to say and talk to me he is by far my favorite Dr.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	1	The Doctor and his staff are all caring people and that is hard to find in  the medical field now.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
18	1	He is also a Chiropractor. Excellent bed side manner, takes the time to listen to what I have to say. Don't know what I would do without him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
18	1	I love Dr. Oteham. If you are nice to him, he will treat you nice too! He is always helping me when i need him.  And Ashley and Debbie are amazing too! I wouldnt go to any other place! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
18	-1	Was a great doctor when he first started.  But once he was established you could see his service change.  He was obviously in it for the money.  Adding charges to my bill that were not preformed to get my insurance to pay.  When confronted he no longer wanted to be my doctor.   So, watch you bill to your insurance company!! 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Anthem
18	-1	Dr. Called my house and gave my blood results to the person that answered the phone.  Never asked for me by name.  I specifically gave him my cell phone number for him to call me.  He never called the cellphone number.  He called my house and completely gave away my personal blood test results.   What ever happened to the &quot;dr patient confidentiality&quot; agreement&#63; 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
18	1	always get in and out on time, will see me in a moments notice.   doctor sometimes rushes but overall good experience 	5	5	4	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
18	-1	NOT INTO HELPING OTHERS ONLY IN IT FOR THE MONEY 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
19	-1	 	4	3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
19	-1	I wouldn't recommend this doctor to anyone! He has no bedside manner and very blunt on the border of being rude! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
19	-1	I submitted a new patient form, I was denied. I had good insurance. The staff did not call me back, I had to call them..two weeks later..they were rude and would not tell me why i was denied. They were also only concerned with money even before i submitted a form. 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
19	-1	He sucked. Uncaring,wished to put all his patients in nursing home because owns his nursing home. Tries to jolly the pateient into the nursing home against family wishes.Continues to tries to push pataients into nursing home even after the family and patient has made it clear that a nursing home is against the wishes of both parties. He seems to care only about the all mighty dollar which seems to be his only true patient he actulaly cares for.  Doctors like this disgust me. And I also have a guy feelin he was withholding medical information from both my mother (the patient)and myself; the daughter.  	4	2	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
20	1	I really loved having Dr Outsa for my podiatrist, I miss her already.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
21	0	The aesthetic results of my facial plastic surgery were very disappointing.  	5	3	3	3 	Insurance:Anthem
21	1	Awesome experience using this doctor! They are knowledgeable and professional. He is rated a top doc for a reason! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	wonderful plastic surgeon with an artistic eye. incredible personality. has a knack for making you look better, not different. staff is incredible because he would accept no less 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	First class MD. Knowledgeable, helpful, and interested in his patients.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	-1	. Awful experience with this dr! He was rude and unprofessional! 	3	1	1	2 	Insurance:Anthem
24	1	I have been going to Dr Oreta for 12 years, and am very satisfied with every phase of Treatment I have recived. He and his staff seem to really care about their paitents treatment and recovery.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
25	1	 	4	4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	Have seen Dr. Oster several times for a broken ankle/surgery/post-op care, and I haven't found the wait time to be worse than any other busy practice. He did a great job with my ankle, and no, I don't spend a ton of time with him, but I do feel that he listens to me. I saw him out with his family one night as well, and he knew me and asked how my ankle was doing, which was nice.  Honestly, just take a book with you to the office and be patient--he is good enough for the wait! 	3	3	4	4 	Insurance:Aetna
26	-1	My mother went in for a fractured arm and he severed the nerve in the arm causing her to lose the function of her hand. DO NOT USE THIS DOCTOR. WARNING!!!!!!!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	He is without a doubt one of the most gifted surgeons I've ever met...and I've worked with a few at my hospital. Completely competent and skillful 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	Ive been with him for 2 years, He is not very punctual. If you find a Dr. that is let me know.  He's a great doctor and as far as health is concerned is helpful.  For me punctuality isn't as important as how effective surgery is. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	Great doctor.  Really took time to make sure I was healthy.  Thanks, doc! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	0	I think he is a good dr but... He acts as if he doesn't know why you have all these post opt issues...  	5	5	5	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
26	-1	Never on time. Has a waiting room full of people so he spends maybe one minute with you. I've had post-surgery complications and he acts like he doesn't know what to do. Just says to come back in 2 weeks. I switched doctors.  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Humana
26	-1	DON&quot;T GO HERE.  Ok you have been warned.  Had an accident and was given this doctor.  He rushes around like a chicken with his head cut off.  There is no follow up and his staff is like dealing with a mafia enforcment team.  You wait and wait and come out with a feeling of why did I bother.  If you can drag you but away before this doctor gets you please do it, you will be glad in the end.  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Anthem
26	-1	Dr. Oster does well in surgery with hard cases but thats where I would leave it.  They continue to always be beind and have to reschedule appointments due to him being out of the office.  The office staff is rude and have messed up several different times regarding different issues. The follow care does not happen. Even in post op after waiting to see him he rushes in and out of room.  Does not listen to the patients concerns.  Like I said this has happened on several times due to being under his post op care after surgery.  Office staff does not give him messages or return calls.  	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
26	-1	I had to sit in this Dr.s office with my elderly mother for 1hr.& 40 Min. waiting to get staples removed from a surgery. Not to mention that they should have been taken out 2 weeks prior. I got tired of waiting and left. One patient in the waiting room said it was common to have to wait 2 to 3 hours. I took my mom by a local Dr. today and it took about 10 min. to get these removed. In the hospital I saw the Dr. 2 times and that combined of a total of maybe 3 minutes. The receptionist was very nice and plesant, as for the Dr. I was not impressed at all. Sorry Doc. but no recommendation from this family.  	3	1	1	2 	Insurance:Medicare
26	-1	Sloppy in appearance and punctionality, rude and self centered.My elderly mother fell and broke her hip after having a stroke.He performed the surgery and did a fine job but seemed rushed.We were not sure she would even survive the surgery thankfully she did and is struggling to recover. There was neglect in the folow up w/this doctor and 30 days later he was JUST removing staples.(should have been 12 days)We struggled to get this little woman who has a broken hip and is recovering from a stroke to his office.It was jam packed w/people waiting.I asked how long the wait would be&#63; I was told 30-40 minutes.After 1.5 hours,I asked again.This time was told they did not know.Here she sits struggling to be in a wheelchair,waiting.We finally had to leave.The following day we had Amedisist Nurse call to get release to remove the staples.The doc said NO! Bring her back in. We said No! Their slow excuse, was due to the office only having one cast lab/xray rm.  How is that the patients problem&#63; 	4	1	1	2 	Insurance:Medicare
26	1	I over all like Doctor Oster. He listens to me and shows concern. My waits arn't too bad. I've had longer and hey if he has to be in surgery thats fine. If he's needed he's needed. I can rescheudule. I think he's a good doctor. 	5	5	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	Dr. Oak specializes in OB care.  She is an excellent doctor and is very open to unmedicated/natural childbirth.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
28	1	. I HAVE BEEN A PATIENT FOR TEN PLUS YEARS I AM VERY PLEASED WITH THE SERVICE 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
28	0	Pretty nice guy. Seems to take the time to listen. Isnt in the office everyday, sometimes you see the physician assistant.  	4	4	3	3 	Insurance:Humana
28	-1	All he does is give out drugs.  He doesn't listen or try to diagnose and only treats the symptoms. 	5	5	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
28	-1	Great if you want a prescription.  Not if you want treatment. 	5	5	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
28	-1	. Misdiagnosed my dad on brain tumor for 6 years 	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:Humana
28	1	very down to earth and personable.  willing to talk and listen 	4	4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
29	0	Was not willing to help find out why I was in so much pain. Finally found a Dr. who cared and found out I had a cyst and endometreosis. I had heard nothing but good things about Dr. Ottman until I seen her and was told the pain I was having was normal I just needed to deal with it. 	5	2	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	She is sometimes behind schedule because of delivering babies during the work day or morning surgeries that go longer than expected. She is very compassionate and knowledgable in her field. I have recommended her to several people and noone has been disappointed.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
29	1	Dr. Ottman is a wonderful doctor.  She is compassionate and caring.  She has performed 2 surgeries on me and gave me excellent care and follow-up.  Any questions I've had, she's either answered them at that time or researched and answered.  I would trust her to take care of both of my daughters when they are of age to need an OB/GYN.  	 1/3/08	2	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
30	1	Dr. Olney is a caring and personable dentist.  He does not come across that he is over-diagnosing problems, like I have experienced with some other dentists.  He usually tells it like it is.  His work on fillings is good, but I feel like he could improve on his finishing techniques. He often leaves a tooth a bit rough.  It is fixed, but it could be smoothed out to be more pleasing and satisfying to the patient.  	4	4	5	4 	Insurance:Humana
31	1	. very punctual 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
32	1	Dr. Owen and the entire staff are amazing at Lexington Obgyn! The only place i will go for any of my gynecology or pregnancy care! They delivered my first child and i'm currently going for prenatal care for  my 2nd! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	Dr. Owen diagnosed me with preeclampsia in my seventh month of pregnancy.  Because of his keen eye and sense of observation my daughter was born 9 weeks early.  Though she weighed only 2 lbs 11 oz I believe this decision on his part may have saved her life, it definitely prevented complications down the road.  I highly recommend him. 	3	1	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	I have been a patient for about ten years or more. He seems verfy knoowlegeable and very sympathatic. I go annually for a pap and pelvic exam, and he does his best not to hurt you, and gets it over with very quickly, and its over before you know it, not like some doctors that take for ever to get through. So I recommend him highly to anyone.  		2	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
32	1	Dr. Owen is a great pregnancy doctor. He seems uncomfortable dealing with patients with other problems. He was not well researched with my endometriosis. He was wonderful with my pregnancies and labor and delivery. His office is way busy but very knowledgable with babies!! I did not like the nurse practitioner but the other partners were all great to work with as well.  		2	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	1	Office staff is helpful, except for the Nurse practioner. I would NEVER go to her or recommend her for anything. I had a horrible experience with her! Dr. Owen is extremely quick and doesn't seem to take his time with you. If you go to him with persistent PMS probs or perimenopause probs., the only suggestion he has is a hysterectomy or psychiatric help. I left his practice after that's all he could offer. I now go to a FEMALE MD who has a clue what it's like to have hormonal fluctuations, without thinking it's all in your head! Do NOT recommend! 		2	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	he take time to talk to his patients. very fine doctor and the best all away round, like family.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
34	1	Dr. O'Brien has been great! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	Only Infectious Disaese specialist in HAzard, KY Board certified in Internal Medicine and Infectious Diseases 	5	5	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
36	-1	Doctor was late he was unshaven and was texting while seeing patients. I think he was not 100% and by that I think he had body odor. He was late and in a hurry and rushed me the entire time I was there. I will not return, this could be one of those places where people come to easily to pain meds.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Humana
36	1	Dr. Orgel is fantastic! If he can't figure the problem or has any doubts,he will refer you to someone who can. He's kind and caring. He listens and will help you in any way he can. The staff is also kind.  I love this doctor and would recommend him to anyone! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
37	-1	 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
37	-1	Very Intelligent and too self confident for my taste. Can be rude, sarcastic. dismissive. insulting. Overall difficult to get a word in.  	3	1	2	2 	Insurance:Medicare
37	1	The staff is always kind and considerate. He runs late but spends a lot of time me. 	5	2	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
37	-1	Unprofessional, unethical, unreachable and unbelievable. He may have been able to help if he had been available! I have never reported a physician to the KY Board before, but I am seriously considering him. I have been in the medical field over 35 years and encountered many physicians...he ranks right up there in the &quot;God&quot; complex. 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	Great doctor to my family. Hate to see him retire. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	. very good doctor and staff very helpful 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
39	1	Outstanding doctor. Saved me! Cares about his patients. Very knowledgable !!! I have been a patient for 10 years.  Would recommend him to anyone! 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
39	1	Dr. Okeson is the nimber one oral facial pain doctor in th US, I have worked with him and would refer anyone to him.  He is awesome.  He is very soncere in his efforts to help his patients. I LOVE HIM!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Okeson's for almost 10 years. I came down with a horrible disease at a young age, for that reason and reasons understanding the disease made it a terrible adventure going to see new Doctors. The moment I met Dr. Okeson that changed! Thanks to him and his talents I am still here talking about him! I give him the thanks for me still being here, because he never gives up no matter what! There were times nothing I thought could pull me through yet another problem with my health, but Dr. Okeson being the man he is, would just sit and talk to me if that's all he could do at that time! He has Never given up on me!! This man is the kindest Doctor and man that I have ever had the pleasure to meet. My family and I owe him our so much for standing me all of our sides through the good times and the bad.  This disease has been unbearable but it has also been a gift because without it I never would have had the honor to meet such a super human being! He is my ANGEL!!!!! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
39	1	Dr. Okeson is a miracle worker;he has changed my life. He exhibits an impressive knowledge base and implements procedures appropriately and effectively. The treatments I have received from him have enabled me to be pain free-something I have not experienced in sixteen years. Furthermore, he is compassionate and dedicated to the well-being of his patients. I hold Dr. Okeson's character and professionalism in the highest regard.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
39	-1	This doctor used new drug on patients without considering of the negative effects it has on patients. He did a procedure without true indications.  		2	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
40	1	Take all three of children, she really cares about them! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
41	0	Run through like a herd of cattle. Massively over billed. These people need to be turned in to the attorney general.  	3	1	3	3 	Insurance:Anthem
41	1	I cannot say enough good things about Dr. O, he is extrememly skilled, took all the time I needed to answer questions, called me at home to check on me, I feel so blessed to have been referred to him by my primary care doctor. The office staff are fantastic too.  I have thyroid cancer and he and the staff have taken the best care of me anyone could ask for.  	 6/22/09	5	5	5	Insurance:Humana
41	1	Although Dr. Osentinsky is very knowledgeable and thorough, I was disappointed when I asked for clairification of his diagnosis.  I asked numerous questions about the medication he prescribed and what to do if various situations occur.  He hurriedly answered and got up and stood by the door to indicate to me (in my opinion) that he had decided he was finished speaking to me and left the momement he answered my question without giving me a chance to make sure I fully understood the treatment plan he had given me.  He did perform tests within the office that I felt gave me confidence in his diagnosis.  I just wish he did not act so hurried when I had questions about my course of care.  	3	2	4	5 	Insurance:Anthem
42	1	. Very caring and responsive to patient 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
43	1	Dr Orman is leading a team who is working very hard on solving a serious problem for our daughter.  She is extremely professional and communicates very effectively. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	Absolutely incredible Doctor. Well informed and extremely helpfull with patiencents 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	Dr. Ollis has helped me get my life back.  His holistic approach to my health has been outstanding. From the office staff, the massage therapists, and Dr. Ollis' thoughtful approach to healthcare, Ollis Chiropractic is by far the most excellent chiropractic center in Louisville, not to mention one of the best businesses. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	This Dr is one of the best Dr we havce every delt with.  She is so very caring.  She operated on both myself and my wife.  When my wife had some complications on her revocer, Amy was there in a flash, making sure everything was ok.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
46	1	Dr. O'Brien is a great doctor. He is knowledgable and very thorough. He takes time to answer questions and does not rush. My only complaint is that he is NEVER on time, however he is worth seeing if you have the patience to wait.  	4	1	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
47	1	Excellent doctor. Very experienced and knowledgeable.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
47	1	Excellent, helpful, knowledgeable with extreme personal attention 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	Dr.O is the most intelligent, caring, and professional doctor I have ever met! I have severe back problems, and I am in my early 20's but  he always comforted me and calmed my fears. He gets to know his patients. He also has an amazing staff at the pain management center. They are all professional, and friendly. They all work hard to help you to relax, and usually make you laugh. I refer everyone to Dr. O, he is truly the best (I have seen 5 different doctors for my back, and none of them compare to Dr.  O) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
