dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
4	0	 You will wait to see him. Very arrogant and cocky. Terrible explaining things to you. Act like he does not have the time to see you. He needs to take some classes on how to talk to patients. The front desk to check in is not friendly at all. Reminds me of an HMO clinic.  Beware 	2	1	1	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	 Dr. Ganzel is a very skilled heart surgeon. He is conpasionate and informative as well.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
10	1	commentsDr Gabhart puts you at ease. He is great for a coward, such as me. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
14	-1	commentsI saw Dr. Gap years ago. He literally ruined my health. I was a college student with Clamydia and in tremedous pain and he couldn't figure it out. He let me suffer and suffer without treating me. He could have treated me based on my symptoms but he choose not to.  He belittled my explanation of what was going on and eventually started suggesting it was in my head. After several weeks and several tries -When the test FINALLY determined the problem, he told me I was probably infertile now. I believed him! I was so depressed I stopped using birthcontrol (it was painful as well). I actually became pregnant with my oldest daughter. When I told him he said to me &quot;Is this a problem&#63;&quot; He waited so long to get me on antibiotics that I have permanent damage to my bladder and uterus. Sex has been painful ever since I was 24 because of it. Thanks Dr. Gap. 	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
20	-1	 Dr. Galloway is a nice person, but when it comes to being a physician, I would not use her. I was induced. She had not gotten there yet. They did not check me to see if I was already in labor. Turns out I WAS!! The baby's heart rate dropped, alarms went off, and they ended up giving me medicine to reverse the patocen. The baby came out way too fast and my body did not have time to get ready so my tailbone broke. Something had to give. The pain was severe-out on disability 4 months. It took over 5 years to heal. The first 6 months she offered NOTHING but pain pills. No suggestion, recommendations, no sympathy. It was much more painful than labor. I spent years with trying therapy to heal. This is partly on the hospital staff and partly on Dr. Galloway.  I changed Dr.s and am very satisfied with a DR. that has more experience.  	3	5	1	2	Insurance:Aetna
20	1	 Dr. Galloway is the best! She delivered my last baby and I owe so much to her.  She is awesome-you couldn't ask for better! 		5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	1	commentsShe listend to what I had said and worked with me (unlike my 2 previous doctors.) She found the reason why I could not lose weight. Once she tested me and got me on the correct medications -- I was able to lose close to 90 pounds. She always took me and my complaints seriously. She was always brutally honest and compassionate. She rocks !! 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	 happy, communicative, nice, bright, Knows natural hormone replacement very well.  		5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	1	 A very fun and caring doctor who let us decide how to have our baby. She's very nice, but very smart. She has no children of her own, but otherwise, she's the perfect ob/gyn.  		5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
25	1	 She was behind, but that's the nature of this type of practice--she has to take the emergencies and injuries as they come and she sets aside time for that in each day.  She was very caring and understanding.  She explained the reasons she chose to treat as she did thoroughly and was very helpful in ensuring my son understood his limits.  When asked, she took the time to answer the questions from me and the other parents that I could see her consulting with.  She performed appropriate evaluations and practices somewhat conservately, but she really gets kids--and that's hard to find.  Her staff was excellent as well, very tolerant when my son wanted to keep changing cast colors before the cast was started.  They took the time to calm him and make sure he was comforted to the best of their ability.  	4	2	4	5	Insurance:Anthem
25	1	 The wait was very long, and I wished I had been made aware of that ahead of time, but otherwise I found Dr. Gabriel curt but informative. She gave me all of the information I needed when asked and was very good with my daughter who has special needs. I would definitely take her back.  	4	1	4	4	Insurance:Humana
25	-1	 Not sure who is the doctor here.  The nurse or the doctor.  We never did get to see or even talk to the doctor because of the &quot;office secutiry dog/wannabe doctor/Dr. Gabriels' nurse.&quot;  I have two different diagnosis and we never even saw the doctor.  The billing/office staff were rude and extremely inconsiderate.  It took me and my PCP over four calls total to even get them to set an appointment.  Take your loved one to someone else.  The &quot;hoops&quot; you have to jump through are just not worth what the office staff will put, not onl you, but your own PCP through to get an appointment.  They are contracted with Anthem.  They try to charge you for the complete office visit up front.  Look for more reviews on this doctor on the internet.  This doctor should close up and stop practicing.  There is zero compassion, professionalism or doctoring going at this office.  Run, run as fast as you can away from this ofice!  Save your decency.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Anthem
25	-1	 Horrible - do not ever take your child to her.  She treats parents like they are stupid, doesn't even familiarize herself with the patient's charts prior to seeing the patient, and seems to have a god-complex.  I could go on and on...  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Anthem
25	1	 She fixed my child's broken arm.  I had to wait 3 hrs but the only other pediatric orthopaedist wanted me to wait 6 days.  Her staff was great.  Dr.  Gabriel was very good! 	5	2	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
25	-1	 After waiting two and a half hours to see the doctor (I had scheduled the appointment three weeks earlier), and being told that this wait was &quot;normal,&quot; Dr. Gabriel was rude, dismissive, and unprofessional.  She spoke to her intern instead of addressing me, dismissed my questions instead of answering them, and only gave me specific information after being asked repeatedly.  It was the worst experience with a physician I have ever had.  Needless to say, I took my child to another doctor after this experience.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Humana
25	1	commentsgreat doctor and nurses.... the wait could be hours from the time of your appointment. 	5	1	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	comments 	4	2	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	 Exceptionally friendly and helpful. Surpassed my expectations for a medical office.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
55	1	commentsMy experience with this doctor has been very positive.  I have a couple of very rare and complex colon problems that have frustrated all other doctors I've seen. She was undaunted by my problems and discovered their origin and cause for the first time.  She gave me very  helpful advice on how to get those problems under control.  All of my  other first-rate doctors think the world of her.  If you have a serious problem going on and you have lots of questions, she will spend a lot of time with you.  She is very difficult to get an appointment with, but I still highly recommend her, especially if you have very complex, rare problems that other doctors would shy away from. 	4	3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
55	-1	commentsis quick to come into room and out and does not help you understand what is really going on. 	1	1	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	comments 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
57	-1	commentsThe doctor is always right, whether you like it or not.  He does not merely advise you on what he thinks is best for you, instead insists that use and do what he tells you too.  If you want to do something else (maybe because the cost is too much) he will get disgusted with you or even (in my case) tell you that if you don't do what he recommends then he will no longer see you as a patient.  I HIGHLY advise against this doctor or any other doctor at the Gaddie Eye Center.  All in all they were very nasty to my wife and I. Paid/Co-pay:$57	1	1	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	 Outstanding physician.  Caring, articulate, available when you need him.  We actually drive an additional 10 miles or so to be seen by Dr Gammon and it's well worth it.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
60	1	 An excellent physician with an excellent bedside manner.  He always has time to discuss any physical or mental health care concerns you wish to discuss and takes a practical approach. In the rare instances when he is uncertain, he is also not afraid to admit he does not know what is wrong & refer you to an appropriate specialist who can help. He listens to his patients and truly cares about their health and well-being.  He always treats with compassion and never forgets that he is treating a human being.  He has an excellent staff that obviously believe in him and support him completely.  I have re-loacted offices with him 3 times in the many years I have seen him and would gladly move again if he moved offices again. He is always on-time and can always manage to get you in for emergent care.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Humana
60	1	 Always available when needed.  Takes time to actually listen.  An excellent physician.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
60	1	.  very good doc always cared about you,gave right  meds for  everything a loving and caring doctor a town needs someone like him aroundjust be trueful is all he asks of you 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
62	1	 DOC GALLUS IS THE BEST DOCTOR ANYONE COULD EVER HAVE. I TRUST HIM COMPLETELY, AND LOVE HIM LIKE HE IS A MEMBER OF THE FAMILY.  GREAT DOCTOR! 	5	1	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
62	1	commentsvery thorough, friendly and helpful.  Actually, was a patient in Williamstown.  He is very good with children, reccomend highly 	3	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	commentsgood physician &amp; staff follow through well; good experience with scheduling procedures; Dr. Gallo listens well and explains his diagnoses clearly and effectively. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
67	-1	 Dr Gallo may be a good listener, but we  had a bad experience. Had misdiagnosed Achalasia for GERD.  EGD was noraml but he still suspected GERD for my swallowing issue. We had called the office again'n'again saying that swallowing problem still persists  after taking Nexium for one month. But instead of examining again , nurse doubled the dosage of the pill.  Luckily we got a second opinion and further test confirmed it was Achalasia.  	3	3	2	1	Insurance:Humana
67	1	 Very knowledgeable and willing to discuss your concerns until you fully understand your condition. Does not push for testing unless it is necessary.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
67	1	comments 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
