dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
8	-1	 I've been a patient of Dr. Karem's since '92, and over the years, his interest in care has plummeted.  He went from being a caring, inquisitive doctor, to a handshake and burn-out.                                                                           I went to him today for stabbing back pain that has bothered me for over a month.  His advice was the routine that I was already doing myself at home - Anti-inflammatory, rest, heat and stretches.  And I took a day off work and paid him for what&#63;                                   I'm beyond irritated with his lack of interest.                                                                      My mother went to him for lower leg pain.. he shuttled her out the door, saying it was a sprain, and after a month of it not getting any better, I insisted she return and demand an x ray.  BOTH BONES WERE BROKEN and she had surgery scheduled the next day.                                    After today and the goof with my mother - I'm DONE.  	3	2	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	1	 Dr Karem has been wonderful for my family. He is attentive and always available, even after hours if we have a need. My father had an emergency on a Sunday and had to be hospitalized, but his own physician wouldn't come in on a Sunday to assess his situation. I called Dr. Karem and asked if he'd take my father as a patient and go see him. He did, treated my father with respect and ordered the proper tests which revealed that my dad had a staph infection! If we'd waited one day for the other doctor to show up, he may not have recovered. Dr. Karem proved to me he's a doctor because he truly wants to help.  We rarely wait more than 5 minutes when in his office, which is also rare these days! 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Humana
12	0	commentsIf Dr. Kassan thinks you are pretty, he is interested in helping you and discussing ways to improve and get what you want, if not, he just brushes you off and not really interested. 	4	1	1	5	Insurance:Unknown
12	-1	commentsdenied problems, use a very bad choice of an excuse of why i had problems involving a person who died when i was four and have no memory of,waited til i had no other recourse to get back in touch with me. 	1	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	.  MD and office staff are wonderful! Cannot say enough to thank them for all their help!!!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	1	commentsVery happy with my doctor, we are still working on my final results. Recommend him highly Paid/Co-pay:$900000		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
14	-1	commentsrude 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
16	-1	 I felt he seemed arrogant.  He didn't even really seem to examine my condition.  Just listened and made a snap judgement.  He seemed to blow off my questions.  I don't feel comfortable with his diagnosis and will try to avoid seeing him in the future.  	5	5	1	3	Insurance:Aetna
16	1	commentshe's a really nice guy and the office visits are pretty fast. there's not much waiting around in his office. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
18	-1	commentsAdvertises as prosthrodontist, but does not have license in this area. Paid/Co-pay:$5000	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	 I thought this Doctor was very nice and  very intelligent. BUT if you call his office and leave his nurse a message, your call is never returned. Refill on meds are not called in either.  	1	4	4	5	Insurance:Medicare
22	1	 Dr. Kahleifeh is great, I have expereince with bad gynos but this guy is awesome.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
25	1	commentsI ended up needing an emergency Cesarean, and although I believed it was actually necessary, it was very hard for me to accept - Dr. Kasica didn't make me feel any better about it.  She's very intelligent and good at what she does, but I really needed some kind of emotional and mental support from her.  She was very helpful and I felt safe in her care, but she also made me feel embarrassed for having a difficult time accepting a surgical birth. 	5	5	3	5	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	 She is a very good doctor who I would recommend to anyone looking for an OB/GYN.  Dr. Kasica answers all my questions and is very patient and kind.  	3	3	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	commentsDr. Kasica has delivered both of my children, the first natural the second ended up in C-section because baby was breech. All of my experiences with Dr. Kasica have been very positive and I would recommend her to anyone. I have had several friends go to her as well and all have had positive experiences.. and all the other drs in her practice are great as well. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	 Dr. Karman has been my Pulmonologist for over 15 years and has treated me for the Alpha1 genetic lung disease. He is quite knowledgable of the disease and has treated me quality care prserving my quality of life.  	5	3	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	1	 ALWAYS FOUND HE AND HIS STAFF VERY FRIENDLY AND HELPFUL.  HE ALWAYS ANSWERED ANY QUESTION I HAD.  ALSO TOOK EXCELLENT CARE OF MY MOTHER IN LAW.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
26	1	 Very caring - went out of his way to be sure I understood treatments.  I was extremely ill the first time he saw me in the hospital.  I feel I owe my life to this man.  He sets the standard for other physicians to follow.  Each time I have a hospital procedure the nurses always made a point to tell me that Dr,. Karman was the best.  He treats his office and hospital staff with respect.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
26	-1	 Just always wanted things his way, did not explain options, and very rude. Office staff very impersonable, treat you like they are always in a hurry, can't even pronounce your name correctly.   I fired him 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Anthem
27	1	commentsIt is well worth the money to finally find someone that has helped me through this long pain journey. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	commentsThe doctor and staff are very friendly and knowledgeable in the care and treatment that they give patients.  Highly reccommend. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
39	-1	comments 	3	4	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
39	-1	commentswatch out for this guy....has no respect for doctor/patient relations 	3	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
40	-1	 She told me I had HPV and needed surgery. I've been married for 23 years and have 2 teenage childrens and have never been told I have HPV. The office called several times trying to schedule surgery to remove warts. I decided to get a second opinion and guess what&#63; NO WART! I'm not even positive for HPV. Obviously she didn't know what she was looking at. The huge &quot;wart&quot; she wanted to remove was a small prolapse in my bladder. If you are new to Lexington and looking for a doctor, stay away from this one. Bad news.  	3	2	1	1	Insurance:Humana
40	-1	 I have not been to Dr. Karon in many years, but felt the need to add a review.  I have had extremely negative experiences.  Most importantly, I was diagnosed with HPV at her office, which was later confirmed.  HOWEVER, Dr. Karon also perscribed medication for genital warts, was unclear about application, and when I questioned whether or not it was actually working, her assistant called me back and scheduled surgery to have them removed.  I went to another doctor for a second opinion, and was told that I had NO warts.  I have consistently gone to another gynecologist annually since then, and this supposed problem never arose again.  She was going to perform a completely unnecessary surgery on me.  In addition, I went for a series of HPV shots that I learned later they did not administer in the appropriate time frame.  	2	2	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	1	 Dr Karon, is a knowledgeable doctor. However, she is overbooked and wait time is too long.   She does do her own tests and ultasounds to diagnose the issues which is good.  However she is very cut and dry.  Her staff is short!   I called before my appt one day to confirm, drove 30 minutes to get there to waited almost 2 hours. When I finally asked when I would be seen the lady at the desk told me she had a emergency in the morning and would be another hour.  Well I would of expected them to let me know that when I called that there would be a delay of 3 hours or give us an option to reschedule.  We may not be doctors but our time is worth money too!  Because she and her staff are very cut and dry no compassion.  No bedside manner.  I desided to go to another doctor to get my surgery done.   I still believe she is very knowledgeable but it takes more than that to be a good doctor! 	2	1	3	5	Insurance:Anthem
40	-1	commentsIf you want to wait forever, be treated like crap and made to feel &quot;dirty&quot; if you have HPV.  Then this is the office for you.  I am a 43 year old female maired for 16 yrs faithfully never a bad Pap test.  Went to this office as a new patient had &quot;bad&quot; pap test as they put it and they made me feel horrible.  What I had was HPV. Will not be back.  The office staff has no tact or professionalism and are rude.  In a terribly stressful time I had to seek out a new doctor and have repeated test.  I get the impression this office is best for those seeking fertility treatments and pregnancy and not routine gyno. health and that they dont want this business anyway.  I saw one of their nurse practioners and PA's not Dr. Karone. 	1	1	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	 I do not recommend this physician if you don't want to wait for a very long time. I waited over an hour in an exam room without my clothes and no one even stopped in to say that the doctor was running late. This was the first time I had actually seen the physician instead of her physician's assistants. She also apparently hadn't read my medical history, as she didn't know anything about my prior surgeries. I am displeased with this doctor's office and will switch to a new OBGYN. I do, however, feel that she is knowledgeable, but you have to press to get her to answer your questions.  	3	1	3	4	Insurance:Anthem
40	1	commentsShe is the best. She is so knowledgeable in her field. she can solve any female gyn or ob problem you may have 	5	3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	 Without Dr. Karon, I would not have been able to have my children.  Other doctors had given up on me.  I don't think there is a better doctor in the world.  However, the staff the last two years seem largely inefficient, unknowledgeable, and unhelpful.  The person with the answer to your question is usually unavailable.  And usually, the answer you get seems more like a guess.  Appointments are always overbooked and wait times in the office are always long.  She's worth it, but I do wish she'd replace her staff with more knowledgeable people and give appointment times in close proximity to when you will actually be seen.  If you have a problem pregnancy, or problems getting pregnant, she's second to none.  	1	2	5	5	Insurance:Humana
40	1	commentsI have been seeing Dr. Karon since 2002. I had been trying to get pregnant since 1993. I had had several other doctors who turned out to be quacks and just wanted to milk my insurance companies. Dr. Karon took an aggressive surgical approach to correcting the problems that were causing my infertility. You will wait for long periods for appointments, but this is a trade off for having a competent knowledgeable doctor. I now have a beautiful 14 month old daughter. Dr. Karon is very knowledgeable and compassionate and completely worth waiting for to know that you can have complete confidence in her abilities. Paid/Co-pay:$7500		1	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	commentsI didn't have insurance at one point in time but Dr. Karon did see me anyway. Although my first visit to her she recommended laparoscopy surgery (I have already had 3 times prior to giving birth to my daughter)with Laser Co2 to laser me back together from a tear of a nerve when I gave birth to my baby. She did not deliver my daughter. I did not have the money to pay out of pocket for the surgery and my husband made too much for me to get government assistance. In Febuary 06' she told me I had cervical cancer but due to my not having insurance she would do the LEEP procedure in office. Then when the results of my biopsies returned she told me it was too bad and I had to do it in the hospital where I could be put to sleep. That would have been 6 grand. I did not have that kind of cash. She could have helped me get assistance (my husband had lost his job) but she wouldn't take the time to fill out the forms needed. She completely deserted me with this cancer 		2	4	4	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	commentsI have been seeing Dr. Karon for the past 20 years. In that 20 years, she has shown me the utmost compassion and provided me with medical care that was second to none through two pregnancies, one of them resulting from treatment for infertility. I have found her to be very knowledgeable and thorough in her medical care and have recommended her to many people. 		3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
40	-1	comments10 years ago I had severe endometriosis and she recommended hysterectomy with bilateral ovary removal. Afterwards told me surgery did not cure endometriosis. Endometriosis had tangled cervix with bowel, she did not investigate or prepare for possibility of removal even though I had bloody stools during periods for years. Prescribed codeine based pain med after surgery even though I had documentation that it made me sick and requested she not use codeine. Also one of my ovaries grew back because it was not completely removed. Later had to have ovarian remnant, cervix and involved portion of bowel (almost completely obstructed) removed (different OB GYN and other MDs). Out of work 3 months after 2nd surgery. All this is documented in my medical records. I do NOT recommend Dr. Karon. 		2	2	1	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	commentsI have been a patient of Dr. Karems for about 15 years now. I live a considerable distance from his office and have contemplated several times about changing to a dentist that is 5 mins. away instead of driving 35 minutes. The care and concern that Dr. Karem and his staff have given me over the last 15 years is reason to go the extra mile(s). 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
45	0	 office staff is disrespectful. do not reschedule your appts or you will be treated very badly.  		2	1	5	Insurance:Delta Dental
47	1	 Dr. Kalfas is a straitshooter that actually is a &quot;care&quot;giver. He not only is my doctor but he really cares for me. He is a very intellegent man that explains the details so the common guy can understand them. He is also a favorite guitar player of mine to boot.  I highly recommend him! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Humana
47	1	 Dr Kalfas is a great doctor! He is understanding and kind. He always has a answer for your question, even if it wasn't the one you wanted to hear. He knows his stuff and is always current to the newest medical trends. My family and I trust him with our lives and respect him. He is a true asset to our town and we are blessed to have him. And the best part is he is funny too!    You'll be glad you saw him and who knows, he may just save your life.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:HumanaPaid/Co-pay:$20
50	1	commentsDr. Karim is great! He is the first doctor I've been to (I've been to a lot!) to get my asthma under control. is not a general practitioner. To the other review on here- He is a specialist in asthma and allergies. You cannot expect him to know about something for which he does not practice. Also, he attended the Dhaka Medical College and University of Chicago for residency. :) 	5	4	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
50	-1	commentsHe is a very nice doctor but he doesn't know much about Cellulitis. 		3	3	1	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	 Excellent Doctor, would recommend to anyone.   Great Staff 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNAPaid/Co-pay:$15
56	-1	commentsSaw the doc some time ago. Thought he was not taking me serious. Haven't wanted to go back. Discounts the patient. Waited foreever. Missed a hurtful side effect the different doc spotted. How can I say it&#63; Not easy to wait, be patronized, not so helpful. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	commentsGod love him. Best Doctor. We trust his opinion. We love also the staff. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	 Dr. Kakavand is a very kind and knowledgable doctor. He diagnosed my son's condition and cured him.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
56	1	commentsDr. Kakavand is an excellent doctor who cares for my sons condition. He has always been up front and honest with us about what is going on and where we need to go from that point. He is a kind doctor who listens to our concerns. I personally like Dr. Kakavand the best out of all the 5 or 6 doctors that my son is currently seeing for his conditions. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
66	-1	commentsshe is the worst doctor i ever see. The exam office is nasty and dusty. I don't think she ever clean it.  the Service was really bad.  I would not recommend her to anyone. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
66	-1	 If you miss your doctor's office from the 1970's, go here.  It's disgusting.  And full of people waiting.  To be honest, I never even made it to see the doctor.  THEY DON'T ACCEPT CREDIT CARDS!  Seriously&#63;  Doesn't just about everyone pay with FSA/HSA cards nowadays&#63;  Again, I didn't see the doctor, but if she allows her office to be run this way, that's a pretty bad sign.  I walked out in frustration about the credit cards and since I felt like I would be waiting for hours based on the many, many people sitting in the waiting room.  The office was gross.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Humana
66	-1	 I went to this MD to have a mole removed that had been growing and changing. I requested that it be removed. She did not take it off, she would only biopsy it. The report came back negative. I was still nervous because the mole looked was changing colors and growing. I went to another MD, he took the mole completely off, the pathology report came back as malignant (evoling into melanoma skin cancer). I then had to go back and have clean margins completed. I think that Dr. Kalbfleisch did not take an adequate biopsy sample. I called Dr. Kalbfleisch's office and they told me that I still owed them $65, I do not think that I should have to pay her anymore money. She gave me poor care. I am so glad that I went to the second MD. I would be fighting melanoma if I had accepted Dr. Kalbfleisch's medical care.  	2	3	1	1	Insurance:HumanaPaid/Co-pay:$100
66	-1	 She was horrible!  She sat across from me in the exam room and did not even look closely at the rash that I had (and no, I didn't have body odor or anything).  She did not tell me what it was or anything.   I would reccommend my enemy go to her! 	2	2	1	1	Insurance:HumanaPaid/Co-pay:$10
68	0	 He actually kept nodding off while he was talking to me during our second session.  I was trying to elaborate on my current state of mind and it was VERY distracting trying to talk to someone who was struggling to stay awake and kept closing their eyes and their head would bob.   This is the person who has my mental health in their hands!!  Very scary! 	2	4	2	3	Insurance:Tricare
68	-1	 I have to strongly agree with the above poster. I took my medical records from my family doctor to show my history of panic disorder for more than 15 years. He wanted nothing to do with these documents. You bascially say yes and no and if you even start to elaborate on anything related to your medical disorder he will cut you off.  	2	2	2	1	Insurance:CIGNA
68	0	 His secretary and him are both VERY RUDE. He asks you belittling questions and acts like you OWE him an answer. Its been almost 3 weeks and he still has not repaired his FAX machine. So if you need a prior approval on meds you desperately need you're screwed.  Ive had a scrip at Wal Mart pharmacy for 4 weeks now unfilled! 	1	2	2	3	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
72	-1	 Dr. Kapoor was rude and unkind to me.  I felt he jumped to conclusions and didn't really listen to me.  He contradicted himself on visits.  No bedside manner at all.  	5	4	1	1	Insurance:CIGNA
72	1	commentsHe is so kind, and cares about his patients. He has always treated me with respect! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	commentsI think he is wonderful.  I had multiple seizures and had been treated at university.  I was wary to transfer but have been so happy.  He is so complete...and caring.  I would recommend him to everyone.  His staff is great. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	 Dr.Kapoor is so wonderful and has prevented my father from having a seizure in over 6 months.  He also appropriatly diagnosed my father so he could get the proper surgery to prevent possible paralysis.   I recommend him to everyone! 	2	4	4	4	Insurance:Medicare
72	1	commentsDr. Kapoor is the best Neurologist in town! And I should know- I've experienced my share! Even on the worst day, I always leave his office feeling so much better. He doesn't make you feel bad for asking questions, and he answers them fully. He does everything he can to get you back to feeling well! 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	 dr kalik has been very good to me.  i am disabled due to a degenerative spinal condition and he has been helpful in getting me referred to specialists.  only complaint from me is that he likes to have bloodwork done often -- i don't like that, but he has helped me more than any other family doc i've ever been to.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
89	1	commentsDr.Kamber was my pediatrician until I was 20 years old.  He is so fun and caring.  I would have stayed with him forever if I could have.  You can tell that he loves children and loves what he does each day. Paid/Co-pay:$20	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	 Dr.Kamber will hop up on the table and directly talk to your child. He understands their quirks and easily communicates on the child's level so the child is involved in his/her care.  He is great with my son and daughter.  The whole office is! When it was time for my son's six grade physical and shots, he sat down and explained why the immunizations were needed. He was direct and point blank as to why they were needed-appealing to my science minded child.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
89	1	 Dr. Kamber seems to truly care about his patients. My boys love him and I'm sure my infant daughter will also. My youngest son has had some medical problems &amp; Dr. Kamber has been very helpful &amp; supportive. He understands a parent's fear &amp; tries to calm those fears by answering questions and calling in specialists when needed. We could not ask for a better pediatrician for our children.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
89	1	 Dr. Kamber is great with kids. As new parents, he takes the time for us to ask all the obvious questions without making us feel like an inconvenience. He has a personal touch with our daughter that seems to calm her down. It's also obvious he loves his job which goes a long way.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
89	1	 He is wonderful with children.  When my daughter was a toddler she carried around a stuffed bear with her everywhere.  Dr Kamber would always examine Bear before examining my daughter. This was so much better than having to hold her down to be checked.  I think it says alot that he would take that time. The medical care we get from him is great.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Humana
91	1	 Very knowledgeable and helpful. Extensive knowledge of iritis/uveitis.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
94	-1	 I reapplied to Anthem Ins. Co. because my rates had gone up the last 2 yrs. I was told the reason for the increase was a diagnosis of glaucoma in 2007 by Dr. David Karp at Drs. Eye Institute that I had glaucoma. When I told them I did not have glaucoma I was told to have Dr. Karp fax them the correct diagnosis. Dr.Karps office admitted I did not have glaucoma in 2007 but refused to change it unless I had the test ran again that cost me over $223 dollars in 2007. When I told them that was not right and would report them to the Medical Assn. they told me to come get my records and straighten it out myself which I did.I feel that was not only unethical but also immoral not to help straighten out my records that were incorrect in 2007.  	1	3	1	3	Insurance:Anthem
95	1	comments 		4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
97	1	 HE SAVED MY LIFE WITH THE GOOD LORD WATCHING OVER HIM. HE SAW ME WHEN I HAD NO INSURANCE OR MONEY, HE SAID MONEY NOT IMPORTANT, YOU ARE. I THINK HE IS THE BEST MOST CARING HEART SURGEON AND DOCTOR IN MADISONVILLE.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
97	1	 I took my mother to Dr. Kapadia. He took care of her and explained to us what her problem was. He took time to teach us about her heart condition so we can take care of my mother. He cares and does not worry about money. He treats my mother as if he is treating his mother and so he cannot recommend any thing wrong. We love him and are glad we have him in Madisonville.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Humana
97	1	 Dr. Kapadia is an amazing physician.  I speak from the standpoint of a patient, family member of many patient's, and someone who has worked closely with him in a professional setting for many years. His compassion and dedication to his patients is unparallelled by any MD, and the fact that he is a specialist does not deter him from holistically treating the entire person - body, mind, and soul. He is truly one of a kind, and always goes above and beyond for those he loves - and he loves all of his patients as if they were his own family. I have known him professionally and personally for many, many years and trust his judgement above all others. I can say with 100% certainty: the world is a much better place because Deepak Kapadia, MD, exists in it, and it is an honor and pleasure to know him.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:AnthemPaid/Co-pay:$35
97	0	 I was a patient of Dr. Kapadia's for over 2 years and decided to change doctors after I became fed up with his lack of concern over my blood pressure. I called the office at least 3 times to get results from an echo and never did get anyone to call me back. His staff was aware of how out of control my bp was and that the new med that he prescribed was causing severe pain in my kidneys and I never received a return call from any one his staff. Venitta was the only helpful person in his office. I would not recommend him.  	3	2	3	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
97	1	commentsabsolutely the best md i have ever known!! so caring & giving of his time with each patient. when you are his patient you feel as if you are his only patient. will spend as much time with you as you need.of course that means that sometimes you may have wait for him,but believe me,no one cares!!!he will work with you and your budget to help find the best & cheapest medicine for you.if you have a heart or blood pressure problem he is the best kentucky has to offer. thank you 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
100	1	 Dr Karelis, is a wounderful dentist and is very knowledgeable in her field. Also practices gentled dentistry. Makes, everyone feel that they are in good hands, very professional. Always has time to talk and give you the best treatment. You feel so at ease with Dr. Karelis and her staff.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
