dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
4	1	commentsSeems expensive but very good care and makes procedures easy. 	3	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	commentsThe dentist was great in helping deciding the best treatment for me and answered all my questions. I liked the staff too and the office has all the newest stuff. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	commentsDr Jackson made me feel very comfortable, and her work looks and feels great! Very nice office! Paid/Co-pay:$900	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	 I had the best experience beginning to end. I love my teeth, and I can't wait for my next appointment! Dr.  Jackson and her staff were very helpful and educated me about all my options and have the latest technology! I didn't feel the shot! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
4	-1	commentsOffice has a lot of new personnel. Not very experienced! 	2	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
4	-1	commentsIf you go, the person taking x-rays is ROUGH! My mouth hurt for two days after she took the x-rays. 	3	2	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	commentsAwesome doctor, but his office staff is beyond awful! The day of my surgery the front desk mess up the paper work n I almost had to reschedule my surgery! The office staff is rude n inconsistent with everything... 	1	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	commentsLove the end results, Dr. Jansen and his staff are so nice, I had a breast lift and implants, awesome job! Love the way he carries himself and makes you feel comfortable! Recomend him 100% 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	commentsDr. David Jansen is an awesome doctor. He provides adequate information before, during, and after surgery. The results of my liposuction and abdominoplasty was absolutely amazing!!! Thanks Dr. Jansen for creating a better me. 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	commentsDr.Chelvi Was The Best She Worked Wonders With All 5 Of My Children 	1	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	commentsDr. Janot is our family eye doctor. There are six of us and all but one wears glasses or contacts, so we visit him fairly often. You cannot ask for a better doctor than Dr. Janot. I highly recommend him to anyone looking for a great optometrist. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	 Dr Kyle James did a wonderful job &amp; I was very impressed.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$100
33	1	commentsHe was very professional knowledgeable and extremely helpful. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
34	-1	 STAY AWAY FROM THIS IDIOT!!!! Took care of a family member for almost three years without ANY diagnostic test despite chronic complaints cough and swollen abdomen. Told her it was signs of getting old. Then falsified charts stating she refused tests! She NEVER went to doctor alone, We even asked for x-ray and were refused. Suffered with chronic headaches for two years. Pills given but no test done! She was diagnosed with stage 4 cancer THROUGHOUT HER BODY &amp; BRAIN by ER doctor and lived 3 months after that.  He even had the WRONG dates when he changed his records! 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Medicare
36	-1	commentsWe had the same experience with him as the other rated explanation.  Numerous tests for illness that never resulted in actual answers but plenty of insurance claims. 	2	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
36	-1	commentsI was told by this physician that I needed to run numerous tests to help diagnose a potentially serious disease he &quot;thought&quot; I might have. Most of the tests were conducted at his office and when I returned (by office appointment only) to receive the results (even bloodwork)he was unsure as to what tests he had ordered or why he ordered them. My insurance was billed an obscene amount of money and I felt that he completely abused the insurance system. After speaking with other people about the incident, I learned that someone else I know had a similar incident with him. (Scaring someone with the threat of a potentially serious disease to run tests.) 		4	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	commentsI have been going to Dr James for Years, he is a very good oral surgeon. very skilled and never felt a thing during tooth extraction &amp; surgery. Staff is friendly even though they are extremely busy. 	4	4	4	4	Insurance:Unknown
41	-1	commentsTHE STAFF IS VERY RUDE AND SHORT..THE TOOTH I TOLD THEM TO PULL WHICH IS WHY I WENT IN TO GET REMOVED THEY DID NOT PULL THAT ONE JUS 3 OTHERS ONES.WHEN I CALLED THEM BACK AFTER I DISCOVERED WHAT HAD HAPPENED THEY WERE VERY RUDE AND KEPT TELLING ME THEY NEEDED TO COME OUT ANYWAY!!!THATS NOT THE POINT !!I TOLD HIM SPECIFICALLY WHICH ONES I WANTED OUT AND NOW I'M WAITING FOR THEM TO RETURN MY CALLS AND IT BOTHERS ME THEY WILL NOT ACKNOWLEDGE THEIR MISTAKE!!THEY PULLED THE WRONG TOOTH AND STILL WANT ME TO PAY FOR A MISTAKE THEY MADE!!! 	1	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	commentsGreat Doctor 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	commentsDr. Jameel is one of the best doctors in Lafayette Parish. He's sincere andcaring towards his patients, he really cares. 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	 Love Dr.J. Spends time with patients and a great doc..  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
65	-1	commentsThe staff was very unfriendly and unhelpful. Dr. didn't offer anything other than doing scopes. Will not go back. Dr. didn't offer any advice or explanation for my child's pain/trouble. Speech is hard to understand also. 	1	5	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	 While this is a quite busy doctors office, there is a reason why. Dr Jackson has been treating my acne for 2 years and I could not be happier or recommend any other dermatologist more highly. When several of the old school Hollywood local doctors could not unlock the mystery of my acne, Dr Jackson did.  She and her staff continue to follow up even while their office is quite busy. I have the highest confidence in Dr Jackson.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
72	0	 Long wait, Dr. Jackson is pleasant but very, very rushed in the patient room.  My prescription was twice not called in and I had to go back to the office twice the following day to get it sorted out.  Plus, she only prescribed 4.5 days of antibiotics for what should have been a 5-10 day course.  I would not recommend Audubon Dermatology at all in New Orleans.  	4	1	2	4	Insurance:Aetna
85	1	 Nurse Kim Hamilton and Laura Edwards will prevent you from trying to see Dr. Jackson at all cost.They will even hang up on you if you say you need to make an appointment right away if it is urgent. If you call ask for &quot;Karen&quot; she seems to look into matters more deeply. Getting an appointment to see Dr. Jackson will take about 30 days reguardless of your urgency. After waiting 2 hours past appointment time, he will spend as much time with you as you need. Dr. Jackson is knowledgable and helpful. His staff is extremely poor. I am a white male, age 32 and have tried to locate a PC doctor. I did not have any problems till rectenly so I have not seen him that many times. I ended up with a problem of bleeding from different places ( I will spare the details) and after I called him first the nurses refused to let me see him or make an appt. I went to the emergency room and after all the test they still do not know the problem. They told me to go see my PC Doctor. I CAN'T!!! Bye Dr.  Jackson 	1	1	4	5	Insurance:Aetna
85	1	 Dr Jackson is great and very knowledgable. Always willing to listen and help. I think that is why sometimes his appoints run a little late. But once you are in with him you know that you are all he is worried about. However, the staff is not always smiley faced and helpful. I think they may be a little understaffed for the patient flow they are handeling.  	3	3	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
88	1	 I like my dentist. She is nice and very truthful and really does care.  	4	3	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
91	0	commentsNot a fan. Went to Dr. Janies for several years. Felt like my concerns weren't taken very seriously. Was prescribed BC that would conflict with other health issues (of which Dr. Janies was aware). Had to do the research myself and call his nurse to change pill type. Changed to another GYN soon after. Be prepared to wait upwards of 2 hours. 	4	1	3	3	Insurance:Unknown
