dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	I loved my experience here. Dr. Dhulipala is very nice and takes time to explain everything. I would definitely keep going to her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	1	this doctor is very patient friendly and explains everything thouroughly. She spends time with you.   Excellent doctor!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	0	Was very disappointed. Was referred by another patient who felt he was excellent.  I found him to be impatient and short tempered.  	3	3	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	1	Very thorough and very kind doctor. Has excellent bedside manner. Takes time with patient and explains everything. Has very good staff.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	. doctor trained in Miami and California, so glad he came to New Orleans 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
4	1	Dr. Dantin is great if you are not into being heavily medicated. She only suggest vitamins for problems I have. After suffering from constipation for years she finally got to the root of the problem...a food allergy. She is great and easy to talk to. She doesn't have a fancy office like some but she also doesn't waste your co-pay money.  	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	FINALLY!  A doctor who isn't controlled by big pharmaceutical companies!  She instantly diagnosed my problem, and gave me good information, answering all of my questions.  THANK YOU!! I will recommend Dr. Dantin to all my friends with confidence that she won't push pills just to make more money.  A rare find these days.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	You could not ask for a better DR. Ihave beening seeing her for eleven years and love her kindness and helpfulness.She is the best doctor i have ever seen Thanks DR. DANTIN 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Dantin for 15+ years and have followed her as her offices have moved around Baton Rouge. She is very knowledgeable, down to earth and will take as much time as needed to fully assist her patients. She not only does what it takes to heal you, but also discusses natural healing steps to improve your health. If I had to pay her for not getting sick, I would owe her alot more. On a side-note: She is also a military veteran and has spent time with our soldiers overseas.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	0	Dr. Dantin is a very nice and caring person. Still, she spent most of my visits discussing her own maladies, while my own were progressively getting worse with each visit. Her eagerness to move on to her next patient was quite apparent, as I rarely had the opportunity to discuss the various ailments in any detail. Long story short, I'm moving on to another doctor.  	4	4	2	3 	Insurance:Coventry
4	1	The absolute best, top-notch. Down-to-earth, extremely helpful and caring, very &quot;real&quot;. You know Dr. Dantin is not in medicine for the money...it is truly her calling in life. God bless her. 	 5/6/09	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	Dr. Dantin is one of the few doctors i've had who actually takes the time to listen to you and address all of your concerns.  She will take whatever time is necessary with each patient, not just pop in and out and you're out the door.  She is willing to listen's to patients thoughts and opinions and give feedback on her experiences with different options.  I have hypothyroidism and have great problems with the medications available, she is so very willing to work with me on this.  She is the only doctor I have found who is.  She's a great Doctor.  	 3/27/09	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	I'm a new patient, so I might change my opinion in the future, but for now I'm quite pleased. She's down-to-Earth, almost, y'know, *human*, which is a refreshing change. I generally don't care for doctors, and am happily surprised by her so far. Good thing there's no patient rating service -- I think I've missed my second appointment with her, so she's probably not as pleased with me as I am with her. I found her through this service, and am glad I did.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	I've had unexplained health issues for most of 2008, and after seeing several kinds of doctors, she is the first dr to listen and think outside the box.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
4	1	Dr. Dantin always takes her time and asks a lot of questions to diagnose my complaints.  She is always right on target too. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	-1	I think Dr. Desai is working the insurance &amp; drug system for extra money. I don’t feel he has concern for his patients. It took a month for his office to schedule an appt. Initially he seemed concerned but it soon became apparent he didn’t care. He gave the same meds as every other Dr had. I offered previous records and he had no desire to see them. Later I received a call to do a lung function test. The same test I did 4 months earlier for my retirement. At my  follow up a PA enters tells me my test indicated I might have a touch of asthma and I should start huffing these inhalers 2-3 times a day for the rest of my life, she says I’m good to go and to make a follow up in 3 months. I asked if I was going to see the Dr. and she said there was no need. I indicated to her that this isn’t even what I was trying to see him about; she said everything else looked fine and I should schedule a follow up in 3 months. She didn’t even ask if the meds he had given me had help my initial condition. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	This is the first time that I met him and I am very happy.  He was very helpful and explained everything very clearly. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	-1	Dr. Dean could not get a prescription right no matter how many times I went back for him to correct. His office staff is rude and terribly unhelpful. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	Very professional. My mother miss you. Seeking your new office. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	I was Dr. donaldson's patient for many years when she worked at ELK in Baton Rouge, LA. I received professional treatment and care as her patient. I have not been able to find a Podiatrist to help he as she did since she left Baton Rouge.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
8	-1	The staff is very unprofessional &amp; rude...We waited hours &amp; ppl who arrived after us were called first!! Basically you are not Priority!!!! They go n random order...appointments do not matter!!!! If u want to be treated like crap and wait hours this is the place to b!!!  If ur child health isnt ur top priority then you will love this office. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
8	-1	This place sucks.They overbook and pass people in front of you. Its been a long time since I have experienced this type of unprofessionalism and lack of knowledge about scheduling patients. Its been two hours and i still havent seen dr dersam. . 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	I have had severe headaches for several years. Highly recommended from a friend w/ several herniated disks. He is very knowledgeable. Took the time to explain to me about the cervical spine, bulging discs and how we were going to go about treating my pain. He does not talk down to me and clearly answers all my questions. I know he has many many patients. A Dr's manner in how they talk to me and take their time to answer my questions is extremely important. Very satistfied w/ Dr. Domangue. Great bed-side manner!Very approachable! He recommended a terrific chiropractor, have had 2 epideral steroid injections, a speciality perscription lotion for my shoulders to apply. I don't get as many headaches now and can function much more happily in my life. It's all about the pain management. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	-1	Dr. Domangue did not show up for the appointment.  After a dangerous drastic procedure no vitals were taken.  Only a nurse showed up with no input nor knowledge of the procedure.  She took down no information of the progress or symptoms.  This is by far the worst &quot;Doctor's&quot; visit I have ever had. 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	Dr. Dileo is a wonderful doctor who is very knowledgeable. I would refer anyone to see him, I truly cannot say enough about him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	This Man Is A Great dr. the time he gives is beyond any other-he listens take time and will test for everything you need.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
11	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Dantin's for many years. He has ALWAYS been professional, caring, compassionate and very helpful to me. He answers all questions in layman's terms and never speaks &quot;down&quot; to me as some drs. I've been to. Overall, I recommend Dr. Dantin to any friend or family who asks! 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Dantin for seven years. He is very knowledgable on which tests to run (even with rare and complex conditions) and where to refer patients when it is found that a specialist is necessary. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	I have been with Dr. Dantin for over 15 years. He has helped me through many aches and pains and is current on medications. He will work within insurance guidlines when ever possible. Good Doctor. 		4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
11	-1	He wasn't too interesting in trying to solve the Health problem.. Just give meds then boot out.. 		3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	I have gone to him for many years. When my problems are too serious, he knows when to refer me to a specialist and when he can do the job. 		3	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	. I had hip and shoulder replacement and no problems 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
12	1	Dr.Darr is so caring & compassionate. He listens to you & believes you. He does everything he can to help you & is not patronizing. Very knowledgeable. Great bed side manner. His staff is excellent. Very professional. I have recommended him to several people & they love him. We need more doctors like him who really care about the patient & loves what he does. Only doctor who helped me when 4 other doctors couldn't.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
13	1	He delivered all of my children safely despite high risk pregnancies. Dr. Del is an amazing physician!  A true gem hidden away in a small rural community.  Well worth the drive for quality care! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
14	1	He is not really big on perfection of his office but he himself is an excellent doctor he gets to the root of the problem very thorough 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	. great! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Henry Ford / HAP
16	1	Excellent doctor, very caring and easy to talk to 	 8/23/05		4	5	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	Excellent bedside manner.  Loves my kids.  Very clear and easy to understand.  Patient with crying toddlers.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	1	I had a growth removed from my mouth. Dr. Dean explained each step of the procedure clearly, answered all of my questions, and performed the surgery flawlessly. I would highly recommend him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	I saw him for breast reduction. He did a great job and his staff was very nice.  Dr Dean was knowledgeable and 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	I am looking at Dr. Dean for a procedure to repair trauma from many medically necessary surgeries. I was leery after calling his office and speaking to his nurses who informed me to print a coupon off of his website. I also find it odd that the doctor has bad ratings over the past few years on this site and then suddenly over a few days has several 5 star ratings over the past few days. It makes me want to proceed with caution. I want to add that I meet with several other surgeons in the area who told me that I need far fewer procedures for repair than Dr. Dean said were necessary. 	2	3	4	3 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	Dr. Dean is a wonderful, knowledgeable surgeon. He is very supportive throughout the consultation, surgical, and follow up procedure and has extensive knowledge about plastic surgery- and is willing to share his knowledge with his patients. I had wonderful results and, should I or anyone in my acquaintance need a plastic surgeon, there is no one else I would recommend. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	-1	Implants removed and lift.  Lost nipple after 6 weeks of very painful office visits because of a bacterial infection. He did not help me with my emotional trauma AT ALL 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
18	0	For reconstruction on one breasts, it looked the same as before he done surgery....does not recommend him. 	 3/27/07		4	3	Insurance:Unknown
18	-1	I had 4 surgeries, 3 within 1 month, for breast aug and tummy tuck (very common procedures for a plastic surgeon). The results are less than desirable, I would not recommend this doctor for either of these procedures. Please choose your surgeon wisely. 		3	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
19	-1	Dr was very rude. Talks down to patients. Does listen to people. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	We've used him for many years, while I wasn't happy with him when my children saw him, I am very pleased with the service for my spouse and I.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	0	Very poor bedside manners. Shows up late for appointments (sometimes he is not even in the office handling his personal business on your time)Spends 1 minute or less with patients. Technician talks to Dr. when he finally arrives leaving patient with little or no time for questions &amp; info gathering. I was asking questions &amp; he was trying to get out of the door as quick as he could! Wants to schedules tests at 3 week intervals so you go in 2 or 3 times for tests that could be done in 1 visit thereby costing you 3 times as much money. He seems more interested in money than the patient. 	4	1	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	Great doctor and staff!  Would recommend Dr.  D and SEECA to anyone in need of a great eye doctor! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	Dr. D and all his staff are wonderful.  In my case they found I had been given the wrong prescription for several years.  I had lasik surgery two months ago.  It was painless and I see better than I have since I was nine, I am 58 now.  Words aren't enough to thank Dr. D and his staff. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	I am impressed with the up to date equipment.  The doctor and the staff are great and I admire Dr. D for being so giving to the Veteran's and their families.  Sincerely, Carlton 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	I had LASIK surgery in 2009 by Dr. D at SEECA and it was the best decision I ever made! I had been wearing glasses since age 6 (I am now 43) and I had only dreamed of what it would be like to wake up and see something simple, like the time on the clock. I would panic if my glasses weren't where I left them because I couldn't see to find them. It was almost a handicap. I researched providers of this procedure at length and could not find a better laser or price. SEECA beat all competitors in this area.  Dr. D uses the best laser technology and everything is done right there in their office. Being in customer service, I won't go anywhere that treats me like a number. Dr. D and the staff at SEECA were incredible and made me feel like family! Dr. D has a great bedside manner and put me completely at ease. The surgery was quick and painless. I went from seeing 20/50 to 20/10! If you have been waiting to get this done, DON'T WAIT ANY LONGER! You'll ask yourself why you waited so long! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	I did some research, and after careful analysis, I chose &quot;Dr. D&quot;, to perform my LASIK surgery. From start to finish my whole experience was EXCELLENT.  It is obvious that he holds his staff, and himself to the highest professional standards.His website,SEECA. com provided me with his credentials, and expertise. I was sent a folder from his office that provided me with all the information I needed to make an informed decision. I was even given some &quot;eyeball&quot; stress balls to hold during my procedure, but they really weren't necessary because I was totally calm. After my thorough pre-op exams, and evaluation, I was totally confident in Dr. D's surgical skill, and a good outcome.  I was NOT disappointed! One day post-op, I was reading 20/20. I drove over 3 hours from Mobile, AL, because I did not want to trust my eyes, and vision to just any doctor. I wanted the best, and I GOT IT! I don't believe there is any better than Dr. D. He shows genuine concern for his patients. He's AWESOME!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	-1	Misses most rounds to care for/follow up with hospitalized patients.   Rarely shows up 	1	1	2	1 	Insurance:Medicare
23	1	Dr. Ditch is a gifted physician. He is very knowledgeable and listens to his patients' concerns.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	0	I found him to be very negative and cynical over a couple of years of seeing him.  I finally found another doctor.  After expressing a desire to be able to discontinue some of my meds, he told me &quot;you'll be on these the rest of your life&quot;.  He was wrong.  	5	4	3	2 	Insurance:Tricare
24	1	Dr. Dale has always been a great help everytime I have gone to see him.  He is not slow in making sure that all tests are recommended to ensure diagnosis and that you completely understand what he finds.  He has, prior to his connection with Ochsner, gone out of his way to help me with a bill and proved hiimself to be reliable and very helpful.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
24	-1	Only his receptionist is nice, his nurse makes fat jokes at me all the time and Dr. Dale thinks the problem I have is in my head. Very quick to leave and doesn't want to help. I'm not a hot skinny blond girl so he could care less.  	2	1	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	1	Dr. Dale is an excellent doctor. He takes the time to answer any questions. He does what he has to do help his patients. He is a caring doctor. I have recommended several people to him and they have all been pleased with him. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	0	Seemingly nice, but very forthcoming. Really slow. 		1	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	i found Dr. Dickerson easy to talk with and felt he was listening.  I would recommend him without hesitation.  I did have a bit of a wait (30 minutes).  However, Dr. Dickerson did apologize to me for the wait.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	I was to try him out as a patient after Dr. Benanti stop seeing patients.That was the GREATEST transitions ever! Very compassionate, thorough, and  explains well. I LOVE Him !! Dr.  Dickerson is the best !! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	-1	. Does not return calls after diagnosis does not meet his financial needs 	5	3	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	Dr. Dickerson is a doctor who gives his patients great medical care.  He has a demeanor that makes you feel comfortable, and he follows through with his treatment.  I would recommend him to any woman in the Baton Rouge area.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	Great Doctor. Very professional staff. Great health services. I think he is one of the best doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
26	1	Wonderful Dr.  very helpful! He is great with my baby he doesnt get scared and he is very well taken care of!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	1	The best pediatrician you could ask for.  Knowledgeable, kind, and my kids LOVE him.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
27	1	Although,I have to pay cash to see Dr.Davis,she has literally saved my life. I love her office staff.You actually feel like you sitting in someone's living room when you go there. She doesn't rush you out and will always work with you if further testing is needed. I'm very thankful to have found her. There are many Dr.s out there that treat addiction,but for the most part they don't really care.It's all about money and control with others. 	 6/6/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	Awesome doctor! Very helpful and knowledgable.  Puts you at ease, great bed side manner! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	1	Very nice and always helpful. Makes you feel very relaxed.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
28	1	He is such a great doctor.  I would recommend him to everyone.  My whole family uses him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
28	1	nice guy. he would talk so much that he would answer questions before i'd ask him with was good because i had questions but was scared to ask them. my sister had 3 babies with him and loved him too.  		3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	-1	 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	Been my doc for years, always will be.  Has never let me down, and has always fixed me up! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	-1	. i get the impression that i get on his nerves when asking questions 	2	1	2	2 	Insurance:Humana
30	-1	The staff was extremely rude. Dr. Devoe seems to have lost her compassion and is very rude at times. She complained about her nurse to me because she called in sick and thought she was trying to have a long weekend. I thought this was very unprofessional. She accused me of trying to cheat her out of a office visit because I was at a well visit for my daughter and asked her to check her blood levels because she has been unusually tired which is covered under a well visit. She said she was sick and I needed to make a sick visit. She seems to be all about racking up the bill and not about the welfare of children. 10 yrs ago she was a great Dr. But she has changed considerably.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
30	1	Dr. Devoe is very intelligent and has a lot of experience in her field. I respect her choice to practice alone and not use a nurse practioner, so that she is one-on-one with every patient. She is straight forward/tells you how it is, and was very helpful and patient with me (brand new mom) and kind to my new baby. My problem was the front office staff-which unfortunately led us to switch doctors. They were rude in person, on the phone, difficult, would never call back, and generally unfriendly. The office also creeped me out, with a clown looking like it was from the 70's hanging from strings on the ceiling and toys I would never let my child touch. The last straw was when I had to reschedule an appointment for my child due to a family emergancy-the staff was extreamly rude and said that they couldn't reschedule until 3 months away and it was an important, scheduled vaccination. I ended up saying forget it, called another doctor's office and scheduled an appt. for the next day.  	2	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
30	1	I always wait forever to see Dr. DeVoe, who is very bright and caring with my child. However, I get there on time, but easily wait about 40 minutes. Most importantly, the office is not the cleanest place for kids. The non-nurse employees are often rude, but I can overlook that.  The main nurse there is FANTASTIC and easily the best part of this practice.  Don't get me wrong, Dr.eVoe is a bright lady and really knows her stuff--just not that worried about the office's appearance.  If you want a smart doctor, but don't mind waiting around yucky toys fron the 80's to see her, then this is the place for you.  	1	1	3	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
30	-1	we recently moved to the northshore and found this dr. What really made me change was I took my daughter in for croup she sent me home without a perscription. The next night we were in the emergency room getting the perscription that she didn't recieve so besides my 25.00 copay Im out 257. 00 for charges that would have been avoided to begin with!!!!!!!!!!!! 	5	4	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
30	0	My kids have been going to Dr. Devoe for 7 years. She has been really good the last few years but recently I've seen a change. She has many more patients and doesn't seem to take the time that she used to. Her nurse Dr. Waring is horrible. She doesn't call you back when you need her and isn't very helpful at all. 	5	4	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	He is awesome. He is the best nurse practitioner at RKM. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	-1	bad 	1	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	While his office staff leaves something to be desired, Dr. Doan is a wonderful doctor. He helped me cure my sinus problems on my own while other doctors prescribed antibiotics, over and over. He is attentive and spends plenty of time with you. Dr. Doan is old school, in a good way. There has always been a long wait to see him but I can deal with that in order to receive his excellent care.  	2	2	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	1	I have gone to dr.doan for years. if i could go to him for every problem i have, i would. he listens to your problems, studies your history, makes recommendations for alternative treatments that do not always involve a large dose of medicine. he truly seems to be interested in making you well, not just making a buck.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	-1	 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	Dr. Daigle is incredible!  He makes you feel comfortable from the minute you first meet him.  Very nice and easy to talk to.  You will want to tell him anything and everything within minutes of meeting him.  I went to him for testing for learning disorders and he does take a while to get a report out, but I think it is worth the wait.  Wonderful person!  He is a psychologist who truly cares about his patients.  He is also very experienced and knows what he is doing.  Another, reason I really liked him was because of his office environment.  It is tucked away and very peaceful.  It also smells nice.  I have actually had therapy before in an office that smells like tongue depressors, so it is incredibly refreshing to go to a psychologist's office that smells nice. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	She is the frienliest doc. I've ever met. Yes, waiting time is a bit long, but her care is worthed. She is a calm person, and always answers my questions logically. She never left the room in 5 min. She stays with me at least 15 min. this is our second baby, she delivered our first son. I did. Of even think to see another doc. Staff seems friendly. I've been her patient since 2009 and never faced with an issue with her or staff member.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
36	-1	I've been using Dr Davis for about 6 years now and every time I go, she is in and out in about 5 minutes or less. She is not very concerned with your needs. When I've asked her a few times with concerns about my birth control she laughed at my question and only gave me short answers like she was in a hurry. The only reason I didn't change doctors is because I was going for birth control...I WOULD NOT recommend her at all esp if you are pregnant. My sister had the same issues with her, she thought she had something wrong with her, Dr Davis dismissed the issue and went to another doctor and ended up being something that needed surgery. The nurse and staff are also rude when calling them. 	2	3	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	Dr. Davis was very straight forward not super friendly. I didn't get the feeling that she cared. I am not pregnant so maybe that's why. I came in for a routine check up and she rushed through it. I had to ask for stuff that other DRs usually suggest. She also ignored my concerns about pains I had and said I was to young! I do not think she is a bad Doctor just not my style.  	4	4	3	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	1	Dr. Davis is wonderful. Always on time. Very knowlegable.  We love her! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	1	She is a great doctor. She's honest and blunt and doesn't sugar coat anything, which I appreciate! She's been a great ob for me through my second and third pregnancies. She is always willing to listen and answer questions. I always wait for about an hour, but it's well worth the care I receive.  Great ob! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	-1	Dr. Davis was very rude and showed no compassion. She was very dismissive when I asked her questions regarding what I should expect during the birth of my first child.  What did it for mw though is when i asked her a question about an episotomy and she said that she be the least of my concerns I should be concerned about how i will raise the child!! I was livid!! 	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
36	0	She is nice enough, but not very knowledgeable about my diagnosis.  It would have been o.k. since it was fairly rare, but she didn't seem to admit that she didn't know and answers kept changing to questions over the weeks.  Some staff was good, some not, but not great at communication as a whole.  	4	2	3	2 	Insurance:Aetna
36	1	Best experience I have had in years.  Dr. Davis had me in & out while answering all my questions.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
36	1	Dr. Davis was great!  She was easy to talk to, listened to my concerns and answered all of my questions.  She made me feel at ease.   I would recommend her office to all of my friends! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
36	1	Outstanding obstetrician!  We used her for all three of our children and have had nothing but wonderful care...even with the multitude of questions with the first birth and the complications during the last one. She was exactly what we needed by answering our questions and reassuring us along the way.  I would highly recommend Dr. Davis to anyone looking for an OB/Gyn.  Dubbaduh.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	-1	Office staff literally treated us like cattle. When we tried asking for clarification we were practically told to shut up and stop asking questions. We were sent to the blood work lab and when we got there they refused to do lab work because of errors by Davis' staff. Davis' insurance agent made us talk with the back of her head. We eventually became so frustrated that we left Davis' office without ever seeing a doctor or nurse and receiving no medical care. I wrote a letter to Dr. Davis and never received a response.  This office defines high throughput-corporate medicine. 	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
36	-1	Very rude, no compassion at all.  Didn't want to hear anything we had to say.  Already had it in her mind what her diagnosis was before she even examined the patient or did any tests.  Wouldn't let us tell her anything about what was going on. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
36	-1	Had more than one biopsy screwed up by her. Then will only give aleve. no prescription for when you CANT WALK the next week because she messed up so bad. 	5	1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
37	-1	.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
37	-1	The reason I don't recommend him is because doctor supposed to care about their patients and he doesn't. Plus, he repeats the same thing even though you ask different questions. Please see other doctor and review so next time I go for simple check I have better luck. 	3	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	Dr. Daigle is terrific.  I've been to several different dermatologists in other states over time, but he is the best.  Very easy to talk to and knows his stuff.  Always get good results with him. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
39	-1	.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	1	When you need a heart doctor he's the best. I drive 55 miles just to see him. I was told it would take 5 or 6 weeks to get an appointment but it took 2 days. ...GOD AT WORK....  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
40	1	I went to high school with Dr. Davis, and know him well. He is a very caring person and cares about his patients.  He is now my cardiologist, and I don't know of any other Dr. I would use. He is very knowledgeable, spends plenty of time with you, answers your questions, and is a very compassionate Dr..  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
41	-1	I was pregnant with my first and only child. I have endomietrosis and was told I would not be able to conceive. I saw this doctor 2 times and was appalled at his ethics. I am unmarried and he told me I would be better off giving my baby up for adoption.. he then proceeded to give me the name and number of his cousin that wanted to adopt a baby and the number of an attorney. Said they would pay good money for MY BABY! I ripped the numbers up and told him AGAIN I was not intrested in adoption, I wanted my child. He then told me I should think about it since the father and I were no longer together.. he wrote a prescription for antidepressants and wrote the number to his cousin again.  Simply un-real of a doctor to have no morals or ethics! Stay away from this &quot;doctor&quot; 	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
41	-1	Most uncaring doctor I have ever seen. While confirming a pregnancy loss at 12 weeks, he talked about himself and a recent newspaper article about his work through my tears. He spent a lot of time bad mouthing my previous doctor. I could go on and on here.  	2	2	1	2 	Insurance:Tricare
41	-1	Would not recommend.  Very robotic in his treatment and bedside manner.  Best thing about him is his staff.  Although he seems knowledgeable he also seems uncaring.  A good doctor possesses all these qualities not just some. {Knowledge,Caring, and Good bedside manner} 	4	2	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
41	-1	Cold and uninterested...Did not listen, and did not care to listen. Refused to give any information on prescription. His manner was humiliating. 	5	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	Dr. Despar is wonderful. She made me feel so comfortable right away. She is so down to earth and so easy to talk to. I love how she took her time to listen to my concerns. I'm so happy to have found someone like her! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	MY OBGYN DR. RETIRED AND AFTER 35 YRS I HAD TO FIND A NEW ONE.  SEARCHED THIS SITE AND FOUND DR. DESPER. SHE IS AWESOME! MY WAIT WAS 10 MINUTES. SHE TOOK A VERBAL HISTORY THEN EXAMINED ME THOROUGHLY. IN AND OUT IN 30 MINUTES.  SWEET DR.  LOVED HER. STAFF WAS PROFESSIONAL. HIGHLY RECOMMEND HER.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
42	1	This doctor was Tufts educated. If you want great care with no wait, then this is the doctor for you. She no longer delivers babies, so she is there when you show up for your appointment. She really takes the time to walk you through all your female concerns, and she will give you REAL answers. She has had a large family herself, including twins, and has been through menopause I would imagine, so I think she really &quot;gets it.&quot; I actually look forward to going to see her. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	Dr. Desper was very easy to talk too and was very personable.  Have made her my permanent doctor! :) 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	1	One of the best!  For many years I used his dad, Herschel Dean, but I LOVE Dr. Kyle Dean!  He is patient and listens to you... never making you feel like he is in a hurry.  Remembers family members and asks about them on occasion.  Makes you feel like he is part of the family!  God Bless You Dr. Dean.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	1	family oriented 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	-1	Leaves patient waiting way too long.  Does work half way.  Almost always requires multiple visits to get a procedure completed 	3	1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
45	-1	Rude. Arrogant. Always trying to find ways to pad the patient's bill. 	5	3	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	excellant, caring, pleasant mannerism, friendly, professional 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	A great dentist who I have known for years. She is very concerned with your health, is friendly and even hums to the radio while she works. For me, this is a sign that she enjoys her work and really cares about quality.  	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
47	-1	horrible service. Dr Dongieoux does not wear gloves and puts his dirty hands in your mouth. Dr valasco rushes her patients. Not great work and doesnt take time to fix what they wrong with ur teeth! 	2	5	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
47	0	Had invisilign. Gene was friendly but his resident othordontis who treated me was very rude and cold. Both she and the staff &quot;lectured&quot; me on two occasions about tardiness not being tolderated. I am 23 and took much offense to this, I understand they see younder children but it is unacceptable to scold your patients for being late when they are constantly running 30-60 mins late themselves and the patients have to wait! I also still have bite problems and have expresses this to the doctor several times before I was out of treatment to no avail, she only told me it would improve over time. I still have a cross bite that was not even addressed during my treatment unbeknownst to me! Also be sure you get a metal retainer and not their's that looks clear like invisilign, it will break after 3-6 months so that you have to purchase a new one! $190 each! My sister's (diff. doc) lasted for over four years and still good, so why did their's break&#63; Because its a money trap! DON'T USE THIS DOCTOR! 	1	1	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
47	-1	Got spring retainers to fix my 2 out of line botton teeth- 10 weeks later, now 5 teeth are out of line, my bite is crooked and the good Dr. said nothing is wrong!  Also, chipped a tooth after the retainers were adjusted at 8 weeks and he basically called me a liar, saying that in his 44 years of practice that has never happened before so therefore it must be impossible!  Not happy at all! 	5	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	Dr. Davis was very thorough and knowledgeable. His staff was extremely friendly and helpful as well. We had a little wait, but he spent a long time with me and we covered all of my concerns in my well checkup.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
49	1	She seems like a money machine sheduling appointment after appointment.  Staff does not respond to pharmacy contact.  I will no longer see her.  	2	1	3	5 	Insurance:Medicare
49	1	wonderful staff, clean professional office.  highly recommended 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
50	1	Today's appointments were for the two older children only. During the cleaning session for my first child, Dr. Drake came up to my 4 year old and asked to see his teeth. My son covered his mouth and whined against showing his teeth, since this was not an appt for him and he had not been mentally prepared for any examination. Dr. Drake just blew up and said &quot;NO NO, you’re not yelling like that...&quot; and then proceeded to grab him by the arm and pull him off the stool and kicked us out of the exam room. You cannot imagine the look of disbelief we got from the hygienist as this occurred. All of my kids are now traumatized and refuse to return there again. I will most likely have even more difficulty getting the 4 yr old to go to the dentist now. Unfortunately, Dr. Drake was not man enough to even face me after that to discuss the situation. But he knows who I am and I welcome any discussion. I almost called the police while in his office to press assault charges.  Unbelievable!!! 	5	5	4	4 	Insurance:Medicare
51	1	 	3	3	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	This Dortor was very helpful. The first time in a long time that I received such a physical exam.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
52	1	 	4	5	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	Excellent!  Love her.  Staff could improve (reception area only). Nursing was good. Wait time was short, but I was there when they opened.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Assurant
53	0	Wait time between waiting room and exam room is usually between 1.5 to 2 hours.  	2	1	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
53	1	Excellent doctor, excellent staff, excellent bedside manner. Takes time with patients. Explains everything. Very compassionate.  		3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
54	-1	I had one visit with this Dr. it took him four tries to write a prescription, he didn't know how to focus a microscope and asked me if i could see what was on the slide he took. I was recommended to him because I had seen three other physicians and spent a year suffering while no one could figure out my illness. When the simple anti-biotic he prescribed me did not work, he instantly jumped to Hysterectomy as my only option stating that he did not know what was wrong with me but that a Hysterectomy would fix it by removing what was causing all of my pain. No  more aggressive painkillers or alternative therapies, no physical therapy. A HYSTERECTOMY! I'M 26!!!! I left there in Hysterics and flew all the way to the Clevland Clinic in Florida to get the opinion of another well respected doctor who was astounded when i told her what Dr Dickey told me. I never recommend anyone go to this office. I have heard equally horrid stories about his colleagues.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
55	1	Dr. Davis took a great deal of time with me, a total stranger to his practice, and explained in detail my medical condition more thoroughly than I have ever had experienced before. He was pleasant, courteous, compassionate, and has remarkable bedside manner. He combines the personality of a small town doctor with knowledge one expects of an excellent physician.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
56	1	I've been seeing Dr. Doga for a while now and absolutely love him and his staff! He's very prompt and doesn't talk down to you.   His nurse Angie is awesome also! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
56	-1	I have Medicare with a Blue Cross Supplement.  I have seen Dr. Doga for at least 5 years.   He dropped me because of MEDICARE COVERAGE, Poor manners on his part 	1	3	1	3 	Insurance:Medicare
56	1	Been seeing Dr. Doga for about 5 years with no complaints.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
57	1	 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	Love, Love this Doctor! We need more like him.  He is the absolute best in New Orleans.  My entire family trust him! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	The best physician I have ever had. Very patient and thorough. Listens to his patients, takes time with them but is very efficient. Unfortunately now doing part time administrative work so having to cut back on medical practice.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
59	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
60	0	He sucks. Do not go there. I know 2 people that went there and wasn't happy.  	5	3	4	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
61	1	Great doctor who helped out my baby boy with his problems.  Thanks 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	very easy to get appointment, Very good bed side manners, my husband trust him alot.  	2	4	4	5 	Insurance:Medicare
62	-1	.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
63	1	This is a great doctor!!!!!! 	5	4	3	5 	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	I am so sorry that DR.Daming retierd.She was the most caring and her expertise will be missed!!If you read this is because, I am soooo sick of people to lie.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	1	Any one of the two of you that wrote HORRIBLE things about Dr. Deming you are such people that are dealing with PRIDE issues, I AM her cousin and the one that wrote she told you to TAKE pain meds is SUCH a LIAR, Her own mother before passing had amputated legs and she was on ONLY DARVOCET AND TYLENOL,She really and RARELY gives out pain meds, She is a VERY compassionate Doctor, OH and also about her NOT caring about miscarriages&#63; SHE HERSELF lost a baby she KNOWS what it is like to loose a baby, I am sorry that you two out of THOUSANDS she has had as patients feel like bad feelings about her maybe just maybe you CAN NOT and ARE NOT dealing with your loss try a Psych evaluation they do work for grieving issues. She has retired numerous times and went back into practice&#63; SHE LOVES DELIVERING BABIES SHE LOVES HER JOB. Your two comments are so so sad, As I stated she IS a VERY loving person,GREAT at her job. Look up her accomplishments, She IS a 1st in MANY of things I mean MANY.... PERIOD 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
64	-1	The most horrible doctor ever! I would never recommend her to anyone. Im glad she finally retired! 	3	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
64	-1	I went into Womans Hospital with severe bleeding with my second pregnancy, it was the weekend and my doctor told me to go in. Dr. Deming was on call. She came in and checked me (very roughly, I might add. I actually screamed when she checked me because she was so rough!) and she said, &quot;You're having a miscarriage.&quot; All I could do was cry as my husband and I sat there holding hands. She was so cold and never looked me in the eye. She wrote out 2 prescriptions for me, telling me that these would help get the &quot;tissue&quot; out of my body (I guess my baby was not a baby to her). She also wrote me out a prescription for pain meds, and I declined them because I have a weak stomach. She then told me, &quot;Well you're going to need them, because for about 3 days you're going to feel like you're in labor and it isn't going to be fun.&quot; I again said I'd deal with the pain...and she rolled her eyes at me and said I didn't know what I was getting myself into. I never had to take the meds, I know my body.  	1	3	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	-1	Dr. Deming was my doctor during a complicated pregnancy. She sometimes seemed as if I was a bother. When the sonogram came back poorly she got her nurse to CALL me at home and tell me, the nurse got my first name wrong, I think the doctor either should have called me personally or called me into the office. She was also rough during examinations & the breast examination was very unthourough. I would never recommend her to anyone.  		3	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
65	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	ELLE EST VRAIMENT A L`ECOUTE ET `FAIT DE BONNE INVESTIGATION 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
67	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
68	-1	Don't like him - he misdiagnosed me twice. 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	Fantastic doctor! He is very patient, kind, caring, and brilliant. He really listens, and is honestly interested in helping. He also very promptly returns calls, which is amazing. I love Dr.  Daul!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	-1	An absolute jerk. Agree with the others. He is a total narcissist and would provoke his patients just to get a reaction. He would see you for five minutes top and charge over $100 to insurance for an hour 	1	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	One of the best psychiatrists I ever knew. He helped me when nobody else could or would, and he stuck by me during some very difficult times in my life. A+++++ doctor. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
69	-1	I agree with the previous comments. He was not helpful and a well waste of time. He was rude and at times arrogant and i was very displeased. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
69	0	I agree with the other reviewers' comments. He is not very helpful and treats his patients with total disrespect. He does not promote a patient's self-determination re: his/her treatment. More specifically, he is controlling and is often demeaning toward his patients should their opinions differ. 		2	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
69	-1	not helpful, not practicle suggestions, waste of time 		3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
69	-1	Disrespectful, narcissistic, and condescending!!!! He is unempathic, does not listen to his patients, and is often verbally aggressive! 		1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
69	-1	Everytime I go to see Dr. Daul; he is late not just by 5-10minutes, but up to 1.5 hours late. He looks at me as though...hmmm do I know you...Ummmm your name is...Uhhhhhh...alright I write a prescription for Lexapro that ought to do it.  If you already have anxiety/depression, then do not go to him, because he will make you want to jump out of your skin! 		1	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	-1	Made many mistakes, very suspicious, goaded patients just to see what reaction he would get, always had to be right, did not show patients the respect of their intelligence, experience, nor did he listen to their own doctors. Was sarcastic more often than not.  		4	1	2 	Insurance:Medicare
70	1	Dr. Drude is awesome.  He is an outstanding doctor and very caring. His assistant, Marie, is about as rude as can be. She should not be in the medical field. She is cold and sarcastic. 	2	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	Excellent physician and very down to earth.  He will talk to you, answer all your questions regardless of how many you have.  In the past, doctors weren't able to perform a colonoscopy procedure on me.  Dr. Drude did!  Now my hubby goes to him also. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	Excellent physician! Dr. Drude is extremely polite, knowledgeable and attentive. He had the best side manner of any doctor I've ever seen. He is punctual and if his schedule is running behind, you will normally receive a phone call. I would truly recommend him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
71	1	Heather is not only a Christian Doctor, but she taks the time to listen to you She is a great Friend and Doctor.  GF 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
71	1	Dr. DiMaggio is a breath of fresh air in this area. She is attentive, stylish, intelligent and attractive. She is extremely thorough in making sure your problems are resolved and communicative in the process. You could not ask for a better Optometrist. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
71	1	Great experience!  Dr. DeMaggio was very helpful and concerned about the whole patient.  She took time and worked to get my vision as good as it could be.  Thank you! 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
72	-1	I always feel rushed. I never have a chance to explain all of my symptoms or ask all of questions I want to ask.  	 9/28/11	1	5	1	Insurance:United Healthcare
72	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	Very friendly and professional office.  This office is a step above the rest with their compassionate staff.  I have had excellent visits and would refer them to anyone.  I feel that my dental needs are always meet and I have come to love each and everyone of the girls in the office they work together like a finely toned orchestra 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
73	-1	They charge you if you are late. That is understandable if they kept their end of the bargain. There have been times when I had to wait more than an half hour while being very busy. And yet they apparently cannot tolerate even a twenty minute delay. I paid without receiving any service. It is unethical business practice. Because making an appointment should not cost anybody anything if they are late due to circumstances. Businesses have down time. They don't go out and charge the customer for it. The individual at the front desk appears to be quick but is grossly incompetent in essence. Appearances can be deceiving. If I had known their true face, I would have never set foot at that place. I am acting as a good Samaritan to let others know of this. Take care.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
73	1	It was always a pleasure to see Dr. Daly and her staff. They always made me feel comfortable, explained what was going on, gave me choices, and were a happy, helpful group. I moved away from Baton Rouge and will miss this excellent group very much. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
74	1	Dr.Deere is very personable,knowledgeable, and easy to talk to.  He also is in tune with the costs today and tries to help out when he can 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
75	1	Dr. Davis has been a lifesaver for me. I have a long history of chronic migraines, and she has never wavered in her efforts to help me manage them. She devotes a great deal of time to me at every visit, and I always feel that I've been heard. She has treated me as both an inpatient at LSU-Shreveport, as well as an outpatient in the LSU neurology clinc. Thanks in great part to her expertise, my quality of life is better now than it has been in the past 10 years. Bottom line is, I feel lucky to be her patient.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
75	1	Please come back to New Orleans. Your old patients need you. Your the only doctor that has ever taken the time to help me. Health care is horriable in New Orleans after Katrina. I would be will to drive to Shreveport if you treated patients out of town. Your the Best. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
75	1	Dr. Elliott took the time to really listen to me and try out many medications and therapies to help with my headaches. She was the one who prescribed Imitrex for my migraines--no other doctor had even mentioned it--which allowed me to function normally after I'd spent years wasting entire days in a darkened bedroom. Unlike with other doctors I've seen, I never felt rushed through the office or not taken seriously. She's a real professional. 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
75	1	Very nice lady and extremely knowledgable about headaches.  Very attentive and won't rush you out the door.  	 2/6/09	5	4	5	Insurance:CIGNA
76	1	Dr. D is the best!  Always gives you the straight scoop and never, ever pushes unneeded procedures. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
77	0	Dr Daniel is a great doctor but he is surrounded by the worst possible staff that anyone could have, not sure where some of them come from (especially that little blonde hair witch up front) but I am now trying to find another doctor to treat me because they dropped me and will not see me anymore and I have been going there for over ten years, now what kind of doctor's office does that not to mention I was on medication that made it very dangerous for me to quit cold turkey. So be wear. 	1	2	4	1 	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	Dr. Darbonne is kind, compassionate, and knowledgeable. He works hard to give you the birth you want. He delivered my firstborn and was my doctor for the second one, too. He wasn't on call the weekend the second one was born, unfortunately, but his partners are also very knowledgeable and personable. He was always professional and kind. I would highly recommend him to all that want a natural birth or a natural family planning doctor. It was nice not to be pressured to 'get on birth control' at my six weeks check up.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
78	1	Friendly, helpful,caring doctor who made you feel confident during your pregnancies. All my questions were answered with detail and concern. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	Always very timely and helpful. Dependable.  Staff is extremely nice.  Positive atmosphere.  Very knowledgeable.  Deliveries of my two boys went as well as I could have hoped.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	1	Gentle, Kind, Wonderful, caring, and not bad to look at either.  Love him!!! He is the best OBGYN ever.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	1	I am now in my 5th pregnancy and have used Dr Darbonne for all but the first. I recommend him to everyone I know. He is very patient understanding and informative. He has a wonderful bedside manner, he is kind, reassuring and his calm disposition put me at ease in what at times can be a stressful but wonderful time of my life. Very thankful to have him as a Dr.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
78	1	Dr.Darbonne is a phenomenal physician. He delivered my first child who was 5 weeks early.  He was so caring , I was hospitalized for 2 weeks before my child's birth and he was at the hospital every day checking on me to see how I was.  I highly recommend him to anyone who wants a caring and concerned doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	1	Dr. Darbonne is the best in my eyes.  I have five children all by c-sections,  he was my doctor for the last three children, their ages now are 10, 6, and 3. He also performed my hysterectomy two years ago.  He is a wonderful caring doctor that I was truely blessed with having through my high risk pregancies. I still continue seeing him as my doctor. I trust him completly.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
78	1	I was so fortunate to move to an area with a NFP doctor.  There are only 3 in the state and the other 2 are in Lafayette.  Dr. Darbonne is very patient and kind.  I didn't feel like I was bothering him with my problems.  Also, he asked for my opinion and let me choose the meds that worked for my previous pregnancies.   I would definitly recommend him to anyone!! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
78	1	Dr. Darbonne is by far the one of the best OB/GYN in the area I look forward to him delivering my second child, as my first delivery he helped make it smooth and memorable!!  Thanks Dr.  Darbonne for being the great person and doctor you are =)!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
78	1	He delivered my son who is now 10 and I've been a patient ever since. He has always been very professional and yet personable at the same time. I highly recommend him to anyone needing and OB/GYN. He is by far the best in LC! As for the lady who questioned his Christian character...she must not know the same doc I do! His character is above reproach. During one of my surgeries, the Anastesiologist told me that if he were a woman, Dr. Darbonne would be his dr.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	1	Dr. Darbonne is nothing short of amazing!  I've been to MANY doctors and none come close to him.  I've never met a doctor that is more caring and sympathetic yet straight to the point.  He doesn't waste your time by beating around the bush.  But he's there to cry with you if it's not so good and be excited if it's great.  My husband and I finally had our first child after trying for 7 years....God sent Dr. Darbonne to us to make it happen.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	-1	Very disappointed! The good doctor presents himself as a caring and ethical CHRISTIAN physician. Although I have been a patient of his for a very long time, when I found myself in an emergency situation, his Christian values had somehow erroded. The employees of the hospital that nurtured me through my recovery were not surprised by this behavior. The concern and considerations given me during my greatest time of need by Dr. Darbonne are indicative of the true temperature of his Christian medical values, luke-warm.  		3	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	1	I went to Dr. Darbonne on a recommendation of a neighbor that used to work in his office. Thank God I took her advice. He is very cordial, informative, and has the best bedside manners around. If only more drs. were like him.  	 2/18/07		3	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
78	1	THE BEST DOCTOR I HAVE EVER HAD! HE IS AN EXCELLENT DOCTOR AND FAMILY MAN.  I CAN NOT SAY ENOUGH GOOD THINGS ABOUT HIM!! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	1	Dr. Darbonne is an awesome OB. I feel completely at ease around him and he really allows my husband to be a part of the experience during exams and ultrasounds. He is morally and professionally upstanding.  Anyone would be very lucky to have him help bring their new baby into this world!! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
78	1	I have been overwhelmed by his gentle kindness and willingness to help. I was drawn to his moral stance on respecting life. He's impressive and treats his practice as a ministry.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
78	1	Very good bedside manner. As a nurse, I know a lot of doc's.  He is the best in his field!!! 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	1	Dr. Darbonne is the best around. He is a very kind, gentle family man. I would never consider seeing anyone else. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	Dr. Donnell is an amazing doctor who truly cares about his patients.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
79	-1	Dr. Donnel was my daughters OB for her first baby.She had a birth defect in the aortic valve. He wanted to involve Houma Heart clinic to do an unnecessary,dangerous,invasive procedure to monitor the heart. He suggested it, she said no, her cardiologist had just checked her and said no extra measures were necessary. He proceeded to badger my daughter(she was in early labor) to the point she was crying. I explained we were very cautious about her heart condition and her cardiologist was aware. He then turned on me and started telling me if I wanted to risk my daughter and grandchild, he wanted to cover himself. He wrote out a paper saying we knew there was risk of death by not allowing a swan-gantz catherer and had us sign it. My daughter had the experience of her firstborn ruined by his outrage at being told no. He asked for permission, she said no. This could have been handled a lot nicer. 	1	4	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	He delivered my first child and I would never change. I have have several complications, both during pregnancy and after, and he has always made me feel comfortable. I would recommend him to everyone I know.  		4	4	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
79	-1	 		3	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	Very knowlegeable, took his time with us, very good bedside manner 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
80	-1	. VERY UNPROFESSIONAL DO NOT ANSWER QUESTION NOT HELPFUL RUNS AWAY WHEN IT GETS SERIOUS 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
81	-1	sells in house insurance, you figure out what that means 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	Dr. Declouet's staff is very unorganized, careless, and very unconcerned for health of their patients. On many occasions I have waitedover an hour after my appt time to even be called back even when notified of serious reasons for a visit. I have been skipped over due to lack of communication with files. I am changing my primary care doctor &amp; do not recommend this office to anyone.  	1	1	4	4 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
82	1	Dorthy I believe that is Dr D's mom is rude.  She is nosey and reads the dr's notes when you check out.  She makes comments that violate the privacy of patients.  I hated to find another Dr but I am not going to leave feeling worse because of a receptionist. 	1	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
82	0	Dr. D's staff is the most unprofessional and clueless staff EVER. They violate HIPPA laws by discussing private patient information in the waiting area. They are very rude and make you feel as if you are an inconvienance. I hate to give Dr D a bad review but something has to be done about her staff. Monkeys could do a better job at taking information and vitals. From the receptionist to the Office Manager they are ruining her practice. When you get to see Dr D you feel like the wait and Bull you had to put up with was all worth it but then you are reminded of her horrible staff as soon as you open the door. Dr D is such a sweet person and a good doctor but her staff must go. 	1	1	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
82	0	 	1	3	3	2 	Insurance:Unknown
82	0	Dr. D staff is a joke. They are rude and clueless and nobody smiles or say hi. I been with Dr D for 4 years I have had enough its time to find a new doctor. Dr D is a good doctor she listen to you and try to help you in so many ways but her staff will run you off. The office staff need a big make over if not she will lose a lot more patients than me.  	1	1	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
82	-1	Dr. Decluet should be known as Dr. Declueless.  She's probably ok as long as her patient isn't sick, but once hospitalized she's the worst doctor I've ever seen.  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Tricare
82	1	She is VERY nice but don't like office staff.  	2	2	4	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
83	0	Dr. Daniels does not reply to phone calls or to pharmacy request. Staff sent wrong address three times to pharmacy.  	2	1	2	4 	Insurance:Aetna
83	0	WJ Medical is not keeping enough doctors to help the patients. If you call in sick for an appt soon, they have encouraged me to just go to emergency. 	4	2	4	2 	Insurance:Unknown
84	-1	 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
84	-1	Dr Dammers office released private medical psychiatric test data to my employer without my consent. This caused me extreme hardship, emotional trauma and embarrassment at work. When I confronted him about it, he was completely unconcerned. He showed no remorse or compassion.  	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
85	1	One of the best doctors in the history of the world; Absolutly amazing. Knowledgable across all of medicine and can see the big picture of symptoms as well as picking up on little details. Cannot recommend highly enough; has been my doctor for many years. This is the man who was in charge at Charity hospital in the hell of the Katrina flood; was on Larry King and there was a documentary on CNN. I'm proud to know the man. He also saved my life a few times... 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	Really knows his stuff! 	3	4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
87	0	After two surgeries still pain and no results like I was told I would have.  	1	3	3	3 	Insurance:Humana
87	1	He was my Doctor in New Orleans, LA before Hurricane Katrina.  He then relocated his office 350 miles away in Alexandria, LA.  He is well worth the 350 mile drive there and back.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
87	1	Was in a terrible car accident and broke my neck (C5-6).  Dr. Dowd tried to be conservative and not cut me open right away, but when I was not healing correctly, he did a ACDF and everything went beautifully.  Could not have asked for better.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
87	1	worked on my father and myself. he had lumbar stenosos, walking nexnday. I had ACDF, no more back/upper pain. calls you himself if you have a problem, need more meds.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
88	1	Easily one of the best psychiatrists in the city.  He may not always say what you want to hear, but that's why it's called therapy, you have to work at it. Diagnostically, he is superior. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
88	-1	YES,I AGREE, THERE IS DEFINITELY SOME THING OFF WITH THIS MAN. 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	I've been seeing Dr. Detrinis since 2009.  He has one staff person and she keeps it all together.  Regarding punctuality, he's there before I arrive... ALWAYS.  He is helpful.  Dr. Detrinis traveled  out of town and was willing to call me for a phone conference, while visiting family.  He is great at his job because he has diagnosed and treated me successfully for 2 years, and still treats me. I don't care about his appearance.  I like his and his assistant's laid back personas.  They make me comfortable.  (Namaste Lenny).  He is wise and direct.  He's not trying to conform to some image of a psychiatrist, he is the real thing.  Great Job Doc. - SDK 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
88	-1	Dr. Detrinis is very rude. He does not have compassion for his patients or their problems. If you have anything like PTSD, stay away from this doctor because he is a cruel person and may think you made your problems up. He also may shock people involuntarily. He is very domineering and controlling. He cares more about social control and order than helping people that may have been victimized. He really hurt me. He's a very strange man and needs to brush his hair and care more about his appearance. He probably has some type of mental illness himself and probably should retire because he hurts more people than he helps. He is the worst doctor in New Orleans. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
88	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
88	-1	VALID AND THAT HE COULD CARE LESS HOW I FELT AS A PATIENT.1 AND A HALF SESSION WAS ENOUGH FOR ME. I WALKED OUT.HE DID NOT LISTEN TO ME, DID NOT WANT TO HEAR ANYTHING I HAD TO SAY AND I FIND THAT VERY SAD.NO ONE SHOULD BE TREATED THE WAY I WAS.I THOUGHT DR. 'S WHERE THERE TO HELP&#63; 	 11/18/10	3	3	1	Insurance:Tricare
88	-1	. RUDE, VERY UNPROFESSIONAL, HAIR IS ALWAYS A MESS, Y IS HE PRACTING&#63;&#63;&#63; DID ANYONE DO THEIR HOMEWORK BEFORE HIREING HIM, THIS JUST STATES YOUR COMPANY WILL HIRE ANYONE!!!! 	5	4	1	1 	Insurance:Tricare
88	-1	Dr. Detrinis needs to be seen by his own kind, I have never met a RUDE person such as him. He will not let you talk it is what he has to say and thats it, and if you are after a wrong dignosis then go talk to this man he will hook you up. I would not recommend seeing this DR. AT ALL! he will not spend any time at all trying to dignos you correctly. Even if he is your last resort DO NOT see him you will be better off. As far as medication he had me on two that screwed my head up for 3 weeks or more. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	I have seen Dr. Detrinis for a number of years.  He is excellent at medication management.  He is not however there to work out issues only medically manage them. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
88	-1	This man is very unprofessional and should not be treating as a psychiatrist. His intake process is flawed and he makes diagnoses after 10 minutes of talking to an individual. On top of his incompetency as a mental health provider, he is rude and his office receptionist is also incredibly mean. I would not recommend him to anyone who is actually expecting competent psychiatric treatment or an evaluation and I think it is a shame that someone like him can earn a medical degree and be licensed in the state of Louisiana. 	1	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
88	-1	Dr. Detrinis is a jackass he constantly threatened to commit me and had me on so much medicine that the pharmacist freaked out when my mom and i went to get it. He likes to have power over everyone and likes to hear himself talk. I would rather blow my brains out then go see him again. 	1	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	I used to see him before he moved away.  He doesn't &quot;click&quot; with everyone and I thought he had a great personality after I settled down and cooperated. He was a great doctor that worked with my personality.   Sometimes he says things I might not have liked at the time, but after some thought later on, I realized might have been true.   I know he used to see patients for therapy sometimes, which was great and rare in a psychiatrist.  Not sure if he does anymore, as I have moved away.  I do however, miss my awesome psychiatrist.  There was a lot of improvement in my behavior and symptoms when I was seeing him.  Wished I still lived back in NOLA.  	2	3	4	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
88	1	Very medication focused, but very knowledgable.  	3	4	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
88	1	Dr. Detrinis is very knowledgeable, but seemed very scattered brain.  His diagnosis was based more on what we told him and less what he observed for himself.  Dr. Detrinis was more concerned in prescribing medication than offering counseling.  BTW, that assistant of his (Lennie) is one piece of work, very unprofessional 	2	4	3	4 	Insurance:Tricare
88	1	Be forewarned, he is going to ask you some tough questions about yourself.  But he has been excellent at diagnosing problems, helping me work through problems, and revising medications with great results. 	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
88	-1	Dr. Detrinis wasn't helpful because his sessions tended to focus more on himself and prescribing medicine than sorting out my problems. 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
88	-1	.  	5	4	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
88	-1	 	2	4	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	One of the best doctors i have ever been to. He knows his stuff. He is kind and answers all of your questions.  I wish all doctors were like him 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
89	1	EXCELLENT SURGEON. Responds extremely well to questions and explains procedures in layman's terms. Excellent follow up care and consultations. Extremely thorough and competent. Surgery had minimal scarring and irritation. Staff is well trained and very compassionate.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
90	1	Dr. DeJohn always takes time to answer my questions and explain procedures.  I had been to 2 doctors with stomach problems and when I described the symptoms, he said, &quot;I know what this is, but let's run a test to be sure.&quot;  Turns out it was a hiatal hernia and he put me on medication that controlled the problem and eventually I had surgery to repair the tear in my esophagus.  The other doctors tried to tell me that it was stress-related and &quot;woman's nerves.&quot;  Dr.  DeJohn has been my primary care physician ever since (for about 14 years now) and he's one of the best doctors I've ever had! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
91	-1	During my visit I felt that I was treated horribly.I would NEVER recommend this doctor to my family and friends.  I felt this visit was a complete waste of time and money.Overall I would rate this visit : AWFUL! 		2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
92	-1	Worst Doctor I ever seen !! He is rude and  seems to only care about himself... Has no people skills at all !! 	1	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	He is by far the best doctor I've ever had.  He is very thorough and explains medical terms and procedures without me having to ask him.  He won't stop until the problem is solved.  I believe he cares about doing a good job, wants to communicate well with his patients, and is very passionate about his work.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
92	1	He takes great care with each of his paitents.  He takes special care not to offend anyone.   Not even my partner and I 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
92	1	I truly believe in my heart that if I hadn't come to this doctor I would not be alive. He got my diabetes under control and has been so emotionally supportive. I trust him with my life totally. He is very attentive to his patients and treats the whole patient. I appreciate the great referrals that he has given for other illnesses that he feels need attention. I don't only see him as my doctor but as a friend. Hugs to you Dr. Davidson. What a blessing in the medical world of today.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
92	1	I agree with previous comments. He's more than willing to take the time to discuss your medical problems; he explains everything very well; and is easily accessible.  Great experience! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
92	1	THIS DOCTOR IS EXCEPTIONAL. HE STAYS VERY MUCH ON TOP OF YOUR HEALTH ISSUES. ONLY WISH I COULD HAVE BEEN USING HIM WHEN I FIRST GOT DIABETES, THEN MAYBE I COULD HAVE POSTPONED MEDS.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
92	1	Physician is so knowledgable - willing to spend the extra time and explain when patient needs. Highly recommend. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
93	1	. Great doctor and great office staff! Would highly recommend him for eyecare! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
94	1	I was in a car accident when I was 16 years old.  I broke my neck...C-4 and C-5...I was paralyzed initially...this doctor is amazing..he was so precise and tedious....I stayed about a week in the hospital but i was able to walk when it was over.  I did have a 2nd surgery which was an emergeny to us....we didn't know my ligaments and muscles were torn that supported my neck.  So.. again back to surgery 1 week later... but i only stayed for a few nights.  Had to wear a neck brace for 3 months....but got to take it off for Prom....   So...years later when i started having back pain and i telling i am used to pain.....usually i can ignore it.....but this was unbearable...it changed my whole personality... It was a herniated, bulging disc L5 S1.. 2 steriod epidurals,exercise, meds,and  massage didn't help I went to my friend (DOC).   I would recommend Dr. de Araurjo to anyone needing a neurosurgeon he is the BEST!!!!! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
95	1	Love, love, love Dr. D....Makes me feel so comfortable b/c he is so knowledgeable and easy to speak to.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
95	1	The Doctor is just fine. He's usually in a hurry though. The staff is terrible! The worst ever. Very rude, arrogant, degrading and unwilling to help patients.  	1	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
96	1	Dr dean is probably the sweetest man I know! His new office is absolutely beautiful and feels more like a warm home then a cold doctors office! Love him! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
96	1	Both Dr. Deans are great I usually see Dr. Kyle Dean and I am very happy with this office.  They are VERY friendly and helpful.  I would recommend them to anyone.  Matter of fact my sister and her sister in law both change to their office.  I live in Denham Springs so it is about a 30 min drive for me but I would drive an hour to see them.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
97	1	Brilliant Reconstructive surgeon! Awesome results! He gave me back more than cancer took from me.  His staff is awesome too! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
97	1	Dr. DellaCroce did my DIEP in 2005. I am just thrilled with my results!  I started off a very small A and he was able to give me a good B.  He and his partner Dr. Sullivan are extremely talented--very skilled at this art.  They also surround themselves with wonderful staff--from the nurses to the office staff to the tattoo artist to the the hospitals they use.  I traveled from Dallas to have this surgery--and absolutely love my new breasts!  I only wish all of my doctors could be as caring & skilled as Dr. D & Dr. S!  And getting to visit New Orleans for surgery--makes recuperating  more of a vacation than recovery!!  I felt very taken care of and can honestly say that I look back at my time there with great fondness.  Strange but true.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
97	1	Dr. DellaCroce agreed to take me on as his patient; to repair a complication that my previous surgeon would not deal with, and to complete my breast reconstruction.  He has worked with me to obtain an absolutely gorgeous result and I am thrilled.  Dr. D is an AWESOME doctor and truly cares about his patients.  For example, I was told that he was very concerned about where the incisions for my impending hysterectomy would be--he didn't want me to have more scars on my abdomen, tiny as they might be.  His staff is amazing, and they take care of every detail, including transportation if you are coming in from out of town.  Dr. D has invented his own techniques to optimize the cosmetic outcome of breast reconstruction, and he consistently obtains the very best results.  His website is www.breastcenter.com and you can view pictures of his work there.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
97	1	 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
98	1	love this ped, he is wonderful.  would recommend him to everyone 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
99	1	Delivered our second child and the entire experience was beautiful thanks to Sheri's expertise. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
99	-1	I was very disappointed in my care with Sherri. She spent my whole prenatal time talking about her husband and all their problems.  I wouldn't recommend her at all. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
100	1	I see Dr. Diebold for routine wellness.  I feel she is very knowledgable and gives me the best care available. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
100	1	Ihave gone to her for years and find her very caring and competent. You must let her know if something is bothering you, because she isn't a mind reader. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
100	-1	Went in with complaints she had NP test me for IC.  NP said I did not have IC. Rescheduled for next week I(I thought to see diebold for other test.  Saw NP she treated me for IC. I asked her why treat me for something I don't have&#63;  She said I have the symptoms. Saw Diebold next week she was ugly to me.  Turns out I have bladder mesh erosion from a sling she put in a few years back.  I feel like she milks your insurance for all she can.   She I rude, greedy, &amp; unprofessional!  Don't let her touch you! 	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
100	-1	She is rude and disrespectful and has really poor bedside manners. I was in tears after she left the room because she made me feel horrible about the delivery because I questioned her use of petocin.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
100	1	I love Dr. Diebold. I've been with her for 14 years. Every time I seen her she was on time(5-10 min wait) but once she was delivering a baby, I waited maybe an hour. She made me feel comfortable &amp; relieved with asking &amp; answering questions. She is very nice, gentle &amp; caring.  Her nursing staff is awesome, always there when you need them.  I recommened several people &amp; they have nothing but nice things to say! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
100	-1	My wife went to Dr. Diebold for a few years prior to our attempt to have a baby.  After we decided to try and got pregnant, I first met Dr. Diebold.  In about four weeks time, no heartbeat developed.  After finding this out, Dr. Diebold had my wife wait another four weeks and checked for a heartbeat again.  There was none.  We then wanted to have surgery to remove fetus and she had us wait four more weeks.  Then we finally had surgery.  Five months later, She realized that she had not succeeded in the surgery and we had to do a second one.  Overall, We had to see this doc several times.  Each time, we had to sit in her office and just stare at each other.  She would come in and asked if we had any questions and after a few minutes, show us the door.  She never seemed to care about our problems or explain any thing she did or wanted to do.  It was a horrible experience.  	2	3	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
