dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	Dr. Hall is wonderful with my son.  She always makes me feel he is so special to her. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	-1	This doctor perforated my child's colon and told us to take her home and let my child &quot;sleep it off&quot;  she was flown to another state in order to save her life...thousands of $$$ later and he is still practicing 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
3	-1	i had her through out my pregnancy and she didn't show any interest in trying to provide me with the support and kindness a first time parent needs. she also insists things be done her way. 	3	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
3	0	This woman is COLD. No personality and not very helpful. I had some complications with my pregnancy and although she sent me on to a specialist, I wasn't impressed with her at all. Not very caring considering she delivers babies.  		3	2	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
4	1	Very unprofessional office. I could see in the X-ray room where they had women changing and partially clothed. The dr. forgot to hand in paperwork for my tests so I just sat around his office (in pain, Im not in here because I feel so GOOD I can't stand it). Then I go to the pharmacy and the scripts aren't complete, and the office is closed. I call the next morning and I'm told I'd have to wait till afternoon b/c the dr. is doing clinicals. I called 4 more times that day and still couldn't fill them b/c they didn't do what they promised after the 5th call. Irresponsible and unprofessional! I did finally get them to correct the mistake, 3 days later.  	1	1	4	4 	Insurance:Medicare
4	-1	The doctor was very unperfecinal and rude.  Jumped to conclusions and accused me of things he thought with no facts to back them up! 	2	2	1	2 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
5	1	We have used Dr. Hargroder as long as he has been in Baton Rouge and wouldn't use any other dortor. He has saved my husband life twice in 2004 and and has help me through several bad illness.  He is very caring at all times.His nurse is the nicest person you want to know.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
5	1	Dr. Hargroder is the best doctor I have ever had the pleasure of seeing.  He and his nurse go out of their way to help you and are very compassionate and caring.  Dr. Hargroder takes time to properly diagnose ailments and has always treated me with respect.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
5	1	Dr. Hargroder saved my husband life twice in one night. He is very caring ,and I would put my life in his hands anytime. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	Very nice, listens to your concerns. Not judgemental, no problem in referral to specialists. Office is nice, his nurse is prompt in returning calls. May have small wait (10 min.) but he will stay and address any problems you may want to talk about. Always professional and kind. I would refer this physician.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
6	1	Dr. Haynie handled both of my surgeries and recoveries with the utmost care and concern.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	1	I was pleased with my experience with Dr. Haynie.  Helpful and knowledgeable.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
6	1	Dr. Haynie has removed 2 bone growths from my son's knee. He has always been kind and very comforting to my son thru both surgeries. I can't say enough good things about Dr.  Haynie! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
6	-1	I would not use this doctor or any other doctor for that matter in this clinic.  All he cares about is the insurance company and not his patients (especially if you are an accident victim). 	3	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
6	-1	1st visit 8-13-08 for shoulder injury-he felt shoulder-gave injection sent me to therapy-8 more visits did not once examine shoulder=did sugerey on 3-27-09-follow up visit on 3-30-09-sent me to therapy for another 4 weeks-another visit on 6-01-09 had injection in hip*6-04-09 another visit and was told the problem was my neck &#63;&#63;&#63;&#63; did not get an answer when i asked &quot;if problem was the neck why did you do surgery on my shoulder&quot;went back on 6-11-09 and haynie said he could do nothing for me.   14 office visits and one surgery- after surgery no one has even looked at my shoulder  out of the 14 office visits haynie spent about 3.5 or 4 minutes with me    on ome visit 06-04-09 (i think this is correct date) his receptionist told me she was to have shoulder surgery- i remarked do not use haynie she replied do not worry i will not ---- seems to me haynie was milking workers comp for all he could get while not worring about me.  would not reccomend him for anything or to anyone 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Workers Comp
6	1	I went to see dr Haynie for shoulder pain. He operated on my shoulder and removed a bone spur. This was 2 years ago and everything is great. Dr. Haynie did a great job. He is straight to the point. If you need extra compassion or a dr. to listen to you whine, don't go see him. If you want a Dr who is to the point and can fix it, Haynie is your Dr.  	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
6	-1	I went to see Dr. Haynie for a back problem.  He completely missed the signs of a pilonidal cyst (extremely easy to diagnose with a triagle that forms at lower back) & gave me steriods which made it GROW.  It was the largest ever seen by an LSU doc & had to be packed for over 2 years.  Had sepsis so bad that had emergency surgery & in hospital for a long time.  	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
6	1	one of the best ortho doctors there are. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	-1	i would not let my dog see this dr. he put me through more than i can describe. he failed to see or treat 2 out of three wrist fractures i had. then sent me to therapy which was torture because of the 2 fractures he failed to repair. antoher dr looked at my ct scan for all of 30 seconds and diagnosed the other fractures. my wrist is now repaired no thanks to haynie. stay away from this man. he also does not believe in controlling pain. he is the worst kind of dr. arrogant and uncaring. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
6	-1	i went to orthopedic specialists dr haynie i have back pain he does not beleive in pain pills my back still hurts i will never go back to him he did not do anything for me avoid this doctor he will not help you. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	Kind, compassionate and very upfront.  He does not have that &quot;mighty than though&quot; that many doctors have.  Has treated my husbands condition extremely well and I am thrilled that we found him.  	 5/2/09	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	1	Simply the best physician ever as far as I'm concerned.  Very knowledgable, considerate and caring! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
8	1	She is a very good and loving and caring doctor. She helps you understand what is going on and she doesn't ever look at it as &quot;hurry up, I'm on a schedule&quot; like most doctors do. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	She is among the best !!  My wife & I (82yrs &83yrs) old have been patients of hers for 10yrs. She is very attentive. We drv fm Baton Rouge to see her. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	Dr. Bunnie is a fantastic doctor.  She's so great that she helped me get birth control because I wasn't comfortable letting another doctor examine me.  I've seen her for about 8 years and she really goes out of her way to assist in whatever you might need.  Chad, on the other hand, is quick to judge..doesn't listen to what you're saying and takes far too long to see patients.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
8	-1	I saw her nurse practitioner and Chad left extreemly dissapointed. He already had his mind made up about me before he ever met me and immediately pulled out antidepressants for me to take without ever running the first test or asking me the first question. I was prejudged before he ever met me and was supposed to take a drug I in no way needed or wanted that you could not just quit if tests showed it was something else. He seemed more interested in doing a sell job on antidepressants than actually finding out what was wrong with me.  I will not EVER see him again! I have discovered what was wrong with me since and it was a simple fix, NO drugs needed! 	1	5	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	1	Really good ... just have long waits (because she's so good ...  she talks to you and makes sure you got the proper care before moving on) 	4	1	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	1	She immediately addressed my problem, answered my questions thoroughly, and did not hesitate to go into more detail when I asked her to. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	Dr Hill is a terrific doctor. She actually takes time to talk to you and ensure you understand what's going on. Have to wait a long time to see her (if you can get in at all)--usually get referred to her Nurse Practitioner, but he's good too.  		1	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
9	1	 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	Dr. Haynie is very caring. He leaves no question unanswered.He is a top notch heart doctor.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
11	1	The doctor was very personable and knowledgeable.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	1	got an apt the same day.  No automated voice system.  You get to talk to a human when you call!  beautiful office.  Very knowledgeable and wonderful bedside manner.  Staff very helpful also.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	1	This is a doctor that actually listens to her patients and willing to go the extra mile for them!! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	-1	Dr. Mercer just does not take situations seriously. I walked in there barely able to breathe and she sent me home with some meds. I called 2days later b/c it was much worse. Nurse Vera said that it would take at least 2-3wks for a specialist, but she would get my message to the doc. Well, I didn't get a call back until the next day. She wanted to schedule a CT Scan. I was anxious to schedule it that day, but it took until the next week b/c they kept putting it off. I ended up in the emergency room b/c it took them so long. By the time I was ready to go back to work, I had to practically beg Dr. Mercer for an excuse. Nurse Vera told me I should've gotten one from the ER doctor! This isn't the first time that treatment was lacking. I've been seeing Dr. Mercer for years and I keep telling myself I need a new doc.  Well, this was definitely the last straw for me! I will never return to her office again! She's ok for something small like a cold, but something serious&#63; You'll be in the ER! 	2	5	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	1	Dr. Mercer is a WONDERFUL doctor. She and I have developed a great rapport over the years, and she always explains things and never makes me feel like I ask too many question.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	-1	Horrible doctor!!!!! I will never recommend anyone to her. I had to see her because my doctor was out of the office. She sent me home with a blood clot in my leg and told me to put heat on it and it would go away. Never even did an ultrasound or anything on it. I had to come back a week later to see my doc because it was getting worse. Sent me straight to the hospital for further testing. I completely agree with the other postings on Dr Mercer. She is a terrible doctor with no compassion and always tries to order unnecessary testing for problems that do not pertain to what you are seeing her for.  Will never go back in that office again! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	-1	I waited a long time to see this doctor. When I finally did get called back, this doctor came into my room with a young girl and told me the girl's first name and that the girl would be observing. It wasn't my choice of whether or not I wanted an audience. I felt very uncomfortable. I was prescribed an antibiotic for what this doctor said was a sinus infection. Two weeks later, I went to another doctor, and was told I had sinusitis and was given steriods, which is what I needed in the first place.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	1	Dr Mercer has been my dr for years and I have always been pleased with her & her staff.  Maybe more patients with positive comments need to report. She works well with my oncologist as well. 	 4/13/09	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
13	-1	This doctor has no compassion for her patients. I had a baby 3 months prior to visiting Dr. Mercer. The reason for my visit was a severe cold. I gained about 45 pounds during my pregnancy, but was working hard to get the weight off, but still needed to lose about 15 pounds. She totally went off on me about my weight gain. I tried explaining that I had a baby 3 months ago, but she'd have none of it! I left her office almost in tears. She really humiliated me and made me feel like I was awful for gaining weight. I am proud to say that I am now back to my prepregnancy weight, but I, nor anyone else, needs the nasty treatment she dishes out.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	-1	I went to see Dr. Mercer for a upper respiratory infection. Many years ago, I was in a skiing accident and severely broke my ankle. I now have a limp. Apparently she noticed my limp while I was in the waiting room, because that's all she was concerned about. I kept telling her that it was a very old injury and that I really was here for a severe cold, but she kept on about my leg. She even tried to order x-rays for it! I refused, telling here I had an orthopedic MD for that, and repeated that I was here for my bad cold. She finally did actually put her stethoscope on my chest, but after that, started questioning me about my gynocology history and my last pap smear. I told her I had a OB/GYN doctor for that, and she said that she could do it too. Dr. Mercer doesn't listen to you, and she worries about things that do not pertain to what your current problem is. She seemed to get mad when I refused the x-ray of my leg and the pap smear. Beware, Dr. Mercer is a looney.  		2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	-1	Dr. Mercer is very unkind. She barged into the exam room I was in with a student, didn't tell me who the student was or why they were there, and proceded to show the student things about me that did not pertain to the illness I was at the office for. I few months later, I needed some blood work done and called Dr. Mercer's office to schedule an appointment just to get blood drawn. I was told that she would not order blood work without a physical exam. I am not a guinea pig, and Dr. Mercer will not be examining me again. There are much better doctors out there. 		3	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	Dr. Scott is a fabulous doctor. Very personable and concerned about his patients. I recommend him highly. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	-1	Only wants your money!  Could care less about his patients.  Makes you take tests you don't need and tries to get all his patients to go in monthly so he or his pa can see you for two seconds and charge you out the wazoo.  Has been in trouble but that doesn't stop him from over billing.  I went in for a urinary infection and was charged $125 for an office visit which is normal but then another $125 to be in the cup so they could check to see if I had an infection.  Was told to come back in a month and even though it was gone they charged me over again for the same thing.  Later I was told by another dr. That dr. Halim has a bad reputation for over billing and trying to see more pts than allowed and making as many of his pts come in every month.  Now he's not even there, he has two clinics and I heard his suboxone patients are being forced to go to a compound pharmacy that's more expensive bc they are compensating him for it.  That should be illegal. 	2	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
15	-1	 	1	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
15	-1	He and his staff do not seem to be interested in the new patient and their concerns. He was very aloof and no empathy.  	2	3	2	2 	Insurance:Medicare
15	-1	He was hardly in his office. His PA did the work and she would make a better DR if she went to med school.  He is rude and abusive to me and my wife.If he didn't know about a subject he didn't seem to care to know about it. 	2	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	Dr. Helman is a very good OBGYN. He followed me through both of my pregnancies and was very on top of things. He also perfomed a Hysterectomy on me. He is a doctor that is serious about his work and at the same time can make you laugh. I've been going to him for ten years and i will not trade him for another. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	Dr.Helman has been my doctor for 5yrs now and I LOVE him. He is not careless. He is very loving and compassionate with his patients. I can only imagine that an unfortunate situation with your loved one to happen and unfortunately you blaim Dr. Hleman.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	-1	He performed surgery and was very careless.  My relative almost died because of a mistake he made.  He referred to the Critical Patient as THE LADY.  A different surgent had to come in and fix the problem. 	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	Extremely knowledgeable, thorough, and precise. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	I consider Dr. Harrington the best physician in Zachary.  I wish I could see her for more than just my skin.  She is very, very smart but not arrogant.  She is also very compassionate. She diagnosed a serious problem my GP had misdiagnosed for years (psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis) and referred me immediately to a rheumatologist.   She is my hero(ine)! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
19	1	I love dr hienen!!!!! The office is state of the art. I've never seen such a beautiful place. The dr is the sweetest, most kind and sincere doctor I have ever met. I chose him blind when I moved here.  What an amazing choice!!!!! Didn't k know these types of doctors even existed 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	Dr. is caring. Staff isn't that friendly but is very busy. Staff is constantly changing. Dr. is young, busy, and professional. I think lack of time due to too many patients has the dr. rushed and contributes to many inductions and c-sections. 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	Very attentive to my health problems, knowledgeable, considerate,kind and professional.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
21	1	I never have to wait &amp; I broke my back real bad. They had to rebuild my L-3 with a cage &amp; he &amp; his staff really know how to treat me with the complications I have. I recommend him highly 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	-1	Dr Henry &amp; his Physican asst. r the reason my Mother died on 2/08/2010. She had a history of smoking,pnnemonia &amp; broch. yet he let her go for over 3 months w/o an xray... it was too late she died 6wks later 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
22	1	Brilliant doctor! he is extremely knowledgeable in all aspects of medicine.  who needs a specialists when he is providing care! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	0	15 years ago he should have sent my husband to a cardiologist for a heart condition he detected but he minimized what it was.  He is always at the hospital seeing his patients -- is it because he wants to make sure he has total control over his patients&#63;  My husband has continued to see him but I wrote him off years ago when he wanted to put me on lithium!  He is not a psychiatrist and that is not why I had gone to him.  His lack of treatment of my husband may been what has caused irreparable heart damage -- he should have referred him to a cardiologist.  	 5/2/09	4	3	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	-1	Doesn't refer patients out to specialists.  Feels he can take care of everything and doesn't want too many doctors involved in your case.  Doesn't communicate orders very well with nursing staff at hospital, therefore, you may or may not get the medication you need.   Suggestion:  find another doctor! 	4	3	2	2 	Insurance:Medicare
22	-1	doesn't refer patients out when needed. Thinks he can do it all and patients die 		2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	. Very wonderful staff!!!! Efficient and knowledgeable 		5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
22	0	Overschedules patient appointments; average wait time was well over 2 hours. 		1	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
23	-1	This doctor treated me as though I was bothering his very important day.  He was very impatient, did not listen and was extremely rude.  I would not see this doctor again under ANY circumstances.  He should remember that he would be nowhere without patients.  	3	1	1	3 	Insurance:Aetna
24	1	Dr. Hamed cannot receive enough praise as far as I am concerned. I am surprised I had to add him to the database as his name was not found. He is a caring compassionate and gentle Dr. who speaks in soft tones and moves about in a quiet manner. He is extremely competent and helpful. His nurse Nadine is a warm and charming woman who has a good sense of humor, yet always has time to listen to patient's concerns.  	 6/29/08	5	5	5	Insurance:Humana
25	1	Dr. Haydel is a very good doctor. He is understanding and helpful for people in need. He is not the type of person to give anything you dont need or shouldnt have. He cares and doesen't want people to become dependent on medication. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	-1	Paid to see Dr. Mike but saw a P.A. instead. Not paying to see a P.A. again.  	3	3	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	0	Years ago he spent more time with patients but as his practice grew, so did his ego.  His time with patients and well as his patience was cut drastically.  Finally &quot;we&quot; came to the conclusion that he could no longer help me and he left me in extreme pain (after being on pain medication for years I was no longer on any!) while I waited to get in with another specialist that I have no idea can do anything for me.  I am not just in his office to get drugs, if I wanted that I certainly would have found another doctor.  Back pain and injuries are real and they need to be taken seriously and with compassion.  	3	2	2	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
25	1	Finally, some pain relief!  I have been going to him for many years and he has helped me with the pain from fibromyalgia and disc replacement in my neck.  I let him stick big long epidural needles in my back 6 times a year to get pain relief and when I had a problem with his physicians assistant (I forgot HER name), I made another appointment and saw him and protocal in the office was changed because he saw where she was wrong and we were able to discuss it.  I told him that of course I could find another pain management doctor and of course he didn't need me as a patient as he has lot of patients but he listened, he cared and as I said, his office protocol was changed because of this incidence.  	 5/2/09	4	3	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	I just love dr. mike's office, he is a very good doctor.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	-1	When he knows that he can't help any more, after you do all the tests that he wants done, he says that there is nothing else he can do for you. Just live with it! 		3	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	been family dr. for 8 years. would,t want no one but dr. hankenhoff.  give 100=+ 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
27	1	I love Dr. Heroman. I lost 2 babies in the past, on the 3rd pregnancy I made it all the way to term. And now I'm pregnant again after 3 years. i highly reccommend him...  wonderful Dr 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
27	1	Dr. Heroman is very caring and knowledgeable in his field. He has an excellent manner and is very compassionate.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
27	1	He is very kind and considerate. He takes the time to talk with you in detail about what is going on.  His thorough approach in dealing with medical issues is much appreciated! I'm glad I took a friend's advice and chose him as my doctor! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
27	1	Dr Heroman has been my doctor for over 25 years - He is AWESOME!!! Always, always makes me feel as comfortable as is possible.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	1	He's been my doctor for nearly 25 years and I love him. After surgery many years ago, he personally wheeled me out of the hospital at 7:00 p.m.  He's called me many times at home long after hours to discuss test results.  I could not give him a higher recommendation as a wonderful doctor and a true gentleman.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	1	He is a wonderful doctor. I went to him several years ago and I now live in another city and miss his comforting style. He is very cautious about everything. Every test was performed and analyzed. He went over every detail. He's also polite and well mannered. I wish I had a doctor like him now. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	All other doctors should strive to be like Dr. Heroman.  He is one of a few that truly loves what he does.  He is so thorough in his explanations to his patients, which is why you have a longer time in the waiting room. But it is well worth it. You will never feel like he is too busy to answer your questions. He is especially great for higher educated patients that desire a detailed medical explanation. He does not &quot;dumb things down&quot;.  Love, love, love him.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
27	1	He is an older gentalman that has been in the business for a long time. He came highly recomended and I understand why. He was very understanding and gentle. I felt very comfortable with him. This was a great experience when finding my problems and getting them taken care of fairly quickly.  	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
28	1	I scheduled my consultation with Dr. Hanemann in September this year.  Dr. Hanemann has a professional style of explaining breast augmentations.  He really listened to me and what I wanted for my body. I knew he was going to be my surgeon in that consultation. There are many things that stand out about him, but the most obvious to me was that he really cares about his clients. I have never been to a doctor that takes such an interest in getting to know his patients as well as educating and preparing them for surgery.  He does great work and has a wonderful chair side manner.  I truly feel that I am in great hands when I am there. His assistants are really awesome people. All of the staff is very friendly and are amazing professionals. The combination of technology and personalized care makes me rank this experience as world class!  Dr. Hanemann, thank you so much for changing my life!  My new breast have given me such a positive outlook on my image now. Crystal from Lake Charles 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	-1	Doctor Hanemann put two significantly different sized silicon gel implants.  One implant sits perfectly and the other is way too large in comparision to the other. (50cc difference) Revision will be necessary. In addition, I found his language used during the post- op visit very unprofessional. 	4	4	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
29	-1	He is always in a hurry and has no time to answer your questions. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
29	0	Always in a big hurry, you will only be talking to the back of his head and running behine him. I went to him for Peyronies and ended up with a implant and the result was not even close to what I was told it would be. He is a very smart doctor but, has no time to answer any questions. I went in to a surgery with a lot of unanswered questions and terrified.When I tried to talk to him about something that has changed my life for ever (horrible), he acted like he was some kind of God and who was I to dare question him. Because of the great amount of knowledge this man has he should only teach other doctors and stay the hell away from patients. Keep it in your pants and away from him.  	4	1	1	5 	Insurance:Medicare
29	1	Pioneer is the correct terminology for Dr. Hellstrom; he goes far out of his way for the benefit of patients.  His knowledge base is unparalleled in our experience.  Top drawer. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	Dr. Hall seems knowledgeable but is not really detailed in his explanations. I felt like I had to ask the questions or he wouldn't have explained much. He seemed fairly patient.  Overall, I didn't have a very strong positive or negative experience. I'd probably see him again.  	3	2	3	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	-1	I don't know if this dr. is knowledgeable. My wife was referred to him for a growth in her throat. When she lays back she has trouble breathing. He told her flat out that it was NOT her thyroid (which she knew going in). He told her that she was NOT having trouble breathing and that he could do nothing for her. NO other tests. NO explanation. NO concern about her issues. He is the worst DR. I have personally been involved with.  	4	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	1	Dr. David is such a caring doctor.  My son loves visiting him and his staff.  He explains everything so clearly and makes sure my son feels special.  When my son had tubes put in his ears, he was allowed to take a teddy bear with him; when the bear returned with my son, it was wearing a surgical mask, hat, and booties- how cool.  My son loves visiting this clinic to hug Dr. David and to gets tons of stickers! He is an awesome doctor for children and adults.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
31	1	The last rating is ridiculous!! Dr. David is absolutely, hands-down, the BEST ENT around!! He explains things and you can really tell that he cares about you. He makes it a point to check up on you after you leave and he's always there when I've needed him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
31	-1	 		3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	Dr. Halliburton has been my doctor for several years and I find him to be very knowledgable, helpful, and willing to take his time with you. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	-1	Did not address the problems I was there for,constant cough,did not prescribe,very uninterested in what I said. No personality at all 	2	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	. He is great! Never really a wait! And soooo helpful! He is understanding and listens to what you have to say! He is never in a rush! Overall a trully great dr! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	-1	.  	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
34	1	dr hannan is the perfect doctor in every way... 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	This is absolutely the best dentist and office staff anywhere!  I have always hated going to the dentist because of very bad experiences as a child, I used to need nitrous oxide just to keep me calm, but Dr. Hayden and his staff have the most relaxed manner possible.  They take away all of your concerns immediately.  On top of that his skill as a dentist is unsurpassed.  I've had 2 fillings replaced and 2 crowns put in and every one felt perfectly natural from the moment I got them.  That's never happened with any dentist before.   Highly recommended! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	1	He and his staff are the first to be able to take my fear (from childhood experiences) of the dentist away. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
36	-1	Worst Doctor's office in Louisiana. You have to wait 3 to 5 hours sometimes to see this guy.  Find somewhere else to go if you can! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	-1	Patients are basically cattle there, in my opinion. He is a medicaid doctor and doesn't care how many people he packs in there and does all kinds of tests and medication, but hey... he gets paid from the government. Also, out of all the times my kids have been there they have only seen him a couple of times of the last few years. Always a different doctor or nurse practitioner. I have every intention of changing my care provider. Oh yeah, and now they aren't open on Fridays.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
36	-1	You can tell when a doctor and staff really care and does their job they donot here. The doctor has never listen to my lungs and heart which most doctor do automatic. It has been 13 days since my lab i have not heard a thing. i called up there two days ago the nurse said she cannot do nothing until the doctor gives it to her(seems to me she could ask the doctor about it)So then i had my drug store fax them because i am out of refills on my meds no answer so now i am waiting. Hope i donot have a stroke.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	1	very helpful. a little wait, but all testing done there saving me time and money.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	-1	He is the worst doctor ever.  He did somethings that were not professional at all.  He turned out to be cold, and rude.  He's a sheep in wolf's clothing.  Office personel and nurses are as bad.  They have no compassion for sick people and they are just the rudest people I have ever come across.  Be prepared to sit all day to get into see someone.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
37	1	FRIENDLY, CARING. KNOWLEDGEABLE. HE SUGGEST OTHER OPTIONS BEFORE GOING FOR A KNEE REPLACEMENT.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
38	1	Dr.Haxhillari went out of his way to help my wife. He took every measure to determine what was wrong and spent more time with her then I have ever seen a Doctor spend in my life. He was caring and courteous.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
38	0	 	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	she takes the time to listen to your concerns 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	. caring, good bedside manners, was able to get test done same day, very prompt and explainend symptoms &amp; gave opinion of treatment 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
41	-1	Not very knowledgeable regarding psychiatry, but not willing to refer out.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
41	1	I had him when I was younger and have to say he is the dr that I compare all drs to now.  Unfortunately I can not see him since we are in another state now but I was never scared going in to see him.  And believe me with all my broken bones and my burn I saw him a lot. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	Fantastic Dr! Very patient and very good with kids and parents!! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
42	-1	Dr. Haydel was not helpful in correctly diagnosing my child.  	2	3	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
42	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
43	-1	After waiting for long periods of time in the over-crowded waiting area, Dr. Harris RUSHES into the exam room, does a 30 second exam, then as she is backing up towards the door you have exactly 3 seconds to ask her your medical questions before Poof! She is gone. Very callous and inattentive doctor. This is a very high-throughput facility. Whenever we read &quot;Ask your Doctor about..&quot; we think about this doc and how impossible that was. Once we showed up for appointment and told we had been &quot;dropped&quot; as patients because my wife was ill and missed an appointment (even though we did cancel it). Definitely do not recommend this doc. 	1	2	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
43	0	Great doctor, though I saw Colette more than DR. Harris. *Horrible* office staff!!!!! After the 3rd time I spent the bulk of my day trying to be seen, trying to pay, and trying to schedule my next visit I just gave up.  I'm looking for another doctor now with a nicer, more efficient staff! 	1	1	2	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	-1	Very uncaring, always in a hurry I always feel like I'm bothering her--I really think she should look into another profession, because she doesn't do this one justice. Love Collette, I bypass Harris and make my appointments with Collette 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	1	Dr. Harris is quick but very intelligent. She doesn't miss anything on exam. She Saved my life after a severe hemorrhage and has always had a wonderful bedside manner. Waiting room always packed but moves.  I always receive a call back from nurse with in a few hours.  Parking would get a thumbs down but with the new Woman's being built maybe that will change if they move.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	1	Fantastic Doctor. Can't say enough good things about her. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	Dr. Haile has been my doctor for 25 years and I dread the day he retires.  Our baby was conceived through IVF and Dr. Haile helped us through a very precarious pregnancy and birth.  He has continued to treat me since my baby was born and has done surgery on me several times and each time I was VERY satisfied with his care and his bedside manner.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	-1	very rude and doesn't seem to care much about patients 		2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	Dr. Harris is amazing.. She is always honest and does her best to take care of all three of my children.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
46	1	I am really unhappy with my lastest visit. Really considering changing doctors.  	3	1	3	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
46	-1	I will never go back to Dr. Higgins clinic again.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Humana
47	-1	Feel covered up error at my expense. Poor communicator.  	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
48	1	. Very helpful! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
49	1	Dr. Hevron is my guardian angel.  He delivered both of my children and discovered my breast cancer through a routine yet always thorough exam.  His compassion, competency, and skill can't be matched.  I will be so sad when he retires.  He has always listened to me and taken all of my concerns quite seriously.  He is a proactive doctor but also a calm one.   His front staff is young so they aren't always super kind but his nurses and surgery scheduling staff is the best! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
49	1	Dr. Hevron has been my ob/gyn for 11 years and has delivered my 3 children and saw me through 1 miscarriage.  He is very caring as is the entire staff.  I would recommend him to anyone looking for an ob/gyn.  I'm not sure if he plans on retiring in the next few years, but the others doctors in his practice are excellent as well.  Since this is the type of doctors women use for many many years I didn't think a review leading someone to a great doctor was a bad idea.   If your looking, hope this helps =) 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
50	-1	FURIOUS!    Harris decided that my son's possible hypoglycemia wasn't worth the effort of the test WE REQUESTED.   He drew blood anyway knowing that it would produce no conclusive results because it was a single draw after my son had eaten breakfast!   A proper test takes a 5 hour period and requires a fast and incremental testing to evaluate blood sugar changes.  We were dismissed callously.   This is vital to have tested so that my son's school and their nurses can adequately care for him in the event of a drastic blood sugar drop.   No only was it unprofessional, uncaring and reckless, it was also irresponsible and puts my sons health at risk.   Avoid this pompous ass for your own protection.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	-1	Dr. Steven was very abrupt.  He did not tell my child what he was going to do.  He did not wear gloves, numb the area or clean the area he worked on.  As a young child, my child was very traumatized.  Will never see him again. 	5	4	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	Very effective in treating a variety of conditions and is pleasant to work with.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
51	1	best docter ever!!! i totally recommend him. I couldn't find a better opthamoligist 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	DR. Hammond is great...he's the ONLY md in Baton Rouge that takes medicaid patients without them having to be pregnant. His staff is very nice and helpful...the wait to see him is the only downside but he's so awesome that the wait is worth it. I would recommend him to anyone,no matter if they have private or public-funded insurance.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
53	-1	Dr. heard is a horrible Doctor! He is rude to his staff members which I thought was unprofessional of him to be mean to his staff around the patients(me)!!! 	5	3	3	1 	Insurance:Unknown
54	-1	this was the worst experience i have ever had with a doctor and unless you want to spend a lot of money for nothing you shouldn't go to him.  my son broke his tooth and on the first visit i said i wanted it pulled.  he thought putting a sealant on it would be better even though the tooth was bent backwards.  so we go back for a second visit and then he says he wants to remove it.  the next available appt he had was 2 months away.  so in the meantime my son has an infection in his mouth now and we are going to another dentist where we have to start this process all over again. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	Dr. Hanemann performed a breast biopsy for me a few months ago. She was the best! From explaining everything prior to the procedure to personally calling me with the results, she took her time to explain everything. I would highly recommend her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
56	-1	Complete lack of care. My wife has chronic pain, he perscribes enough meds for roughly 3 days. When you try to discuss it, he smiles, writes the scripts that he wants, with no regard on effectiveness. He was a complete waste of time.  If you are considering him, do yourself a favor and pick another name at random, it's bound to be a better option 	 2/26/12	5	3	1	Insurance:CIGNA
56	1	Dr.Hamed is very nice. He is very compassionate. Very knowledgable 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
56	-1	No bed side manner he has no time for his patients and doesn't listen. He seems to have one routine for everyone and if something is not working he just dismisses it. He is very unprofessional. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
57	0	. wrong diagnose most of time 	4	4	4	2 	Insurance:Medicare
58	-1	Refused to talk about by main problem, Arrogant. Was showing off for attractive student present.  Was wrong billed 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
59	-1	This doctor never keeps a timely schedule. Always late...and rude. 	1	1	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	Amazing doctor. Very knowledgeable and helpful. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
61	-1	HORRIBLE!!! I had a root canal done and have been dealing with the consequences for the past 3 years...She does not know what she is doing! 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	Dr Hernandez is a wonderful doctor.  He knows a lot about what he is talking about and makes sure you understand what he is talking about. He is very accommodating.  He is not very liberal with pain meds.  I received many many injections in my cervical spine tho.   A+ doctor! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
62	0	The receptionist at this office has the worst attitude of any office assistant I have ever experienced. If you are in immediate and severe pain, this is not the doctor for you. I actually saw the doctor himself and complained of acute, breakthrough pain, and had to remind the doctor for a prescription of robaxin. When that didnt help, I had to go on the computer to find if anything else would help and discovered that there are lidoderm patches. Doctor Hernandez never even suggested them. While Dr. Hernandez seems knowledgeable, he does not appear to be overly concerned with attributes like compassion and empathy.  	1	3	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	1	A Godsend. I thought I was destined to misery, Dr. Hernandez saved my life.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
63	-1	DOCTOR HAPPEL TOLD ME THAT I HAD ALS, WHICH DID NOT SURPRISE ME.  THERE ARE SEVERAL MEDICATIONS PEOPLE TAKE BUT HE SAID NOTHING WORKS THERE IS NOTHING I CAN DO FOR YOU.  HE SAID I HAVE THREE MONTHS TO MAYBE THREE YEARS TO LIVE AND I WILL END UP CHOCKING TO DEATH.  I KNOW FROM INFORMATION ON THE INTERNET THAT THERE ARE MANY THINGS THAT WILL MAKE YOU MORE COMFORTABLE AS THE DISEASE PROGRESSES.  HE JUST SENT ME HOME TO DIE.  DR. HAPPEL HAS THE BEDSIDE MANNER OF A SKUNK.  WE TREAT OUR FARM ANIMALS WITH MORE COMPASSION.  	1	3	1	2 	Insurance:Medicare
64	1	She's the best Dr yet she interact with the childern &amp; know them allon a first name basis. We need more loving caring Dr's like her !!!!!!         Dr.  Stephanie Henson is a gift from above 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	1	. My daughter has been visiting her office since she was 1 and the staff is also great too! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	-1	This is one of the worse pediatricians in Shreveport. She has a horrible bedside manner.When she comes into the room she dosent say a word to you. I feel sorry for the patients who are stuck with her.  		3	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
64	-1	not helpful, professional, not observant, not efficient in my opinion. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	Absolutely the best bed side manner of any physician anywhere!!! Has a very good sense of humor.Very easy to talk to and honestly cares about the paitent.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	1	Although he has many degrees, he has absolutely no shame in the many hours he makes suffering patients wait.  There is never a nurse in the exam room for female patients. Beware! He seems to forget his field of practice. He has no interest in listening to his patients. On the positive, he will take care of your pain! 	4	1	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	I honestly think that this is the smartest person I have ever met, but I am most taken by his kindness.  I feel like he has a genuine concern for my wellbeing. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	THIS IS 1 OF THE MOST INTELLIGENT MULTI-DEGREED DR. I KNOW AND WIDE IELD OF EXPERTISE.PSYCHOPHARMACOLOGY, PAIN MGMT.  SPECIALIST,WORKS W/COURT YXTEM, RAN A REHAB FACILITY DURING A WAR AND A GREAT NEUROLIST 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:AARP
67	1	Dr. Hathorn is a very sweet man. My wait however was horrible it may have just been the day but I waited a little over an hour to be seen. Dr. Hathorn was apologetic but very helpful he ran many test and went over the results on the same day.  Overall, I felt confident in what we discussed 	4	1	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	1	Dr. Hathorne took the time to listen and then took the time to work with me on correcting a condition without taking medication. This doesn't happen very often anymore.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	1	A good physician who takes his time and never rushes the patient.  Listens attentively.  Very skilled and intelligent.  He saved my uncle's life and was terrific with helping get home nursing, therapy, etc.  I think he's outstanding and recommend him to everyone.    WGT 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
68	1	During my visit I felt that I was treated very well.I would absolutely recommend this doctor to my family and friends.  I felt this visit was an amazing success!Overall I would rate this visit : outstanding! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
69	-1	.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
70	-1	Whatever you do, GO TO A DIFFERENT SURGEON other than Dr. Nick Hatzis!! All I can say is that he performed a complete shoulder replacement yesterday on my mother, a retired nurse, and now she's at home with NO pain medicine!!  We've tried calling the practice &amp; have spoken with his PA several times (why is a PA on call for this MD surgeon) but even his PA can't get a hold of him!!  Isn't the purpose of a doctor to take care of the entire problem, from office visits to surgery to post-op care&#63;  At this point, I wouldn't send my dog to this guy!!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
71	1	First day the staff was really nice and so was the orthodonist answered all my questions..  	5	5	5	4 	Insurance:CIGNA
71	1	Dr. Harbour is a wonderful Dentist he always answered my questioned and if a I was worried about something he made sure I understood every step and proccess that was happening..  		5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
71	1	Dr. Harbour is an excellent doctor who cares about his patients. He is very friendly and so is his staff. They always seem happy to see you. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	Dr. Hecker is extremely knowledgeable.  He found what was causing dementia symptons with my elderly father when no one else could determine the cause.  It was an infection overlooked by other doctors.  He leaves no stone unturned when he is diagnosing a problem.  My entire family used Dr. Hecker and we were all disappointed when he left Baton Rouge.  Chicago is getting an excellent doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
72	1	Dr. Hecker has been my primary care physician for a number of years. I have very few health problems (fortunately) and see him about 2 x per year.  He is very knowledgeable, gives a thorough yearly exam, overlooks nothing. He or his nurse return calls promptly and answer questions when needed.  Many of my family members use him and are all very pleased with his care. He was an excellent physician for my mother. His diagnoses were correct and treatments were effective.  I am sad to see him leave Baton Rouge. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	My wife and I have used Dr. Hecker for several years. He has been very helpful to make sure that we understand.  Never in a hurry. We find him to be knowledgeable.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
72	1	I've been going to Dr. Hecker for a couple of years now.  His bedside manner is great.  He is very compassionate and knowledgeable.  His nurse however has failed to return my phone call on three ocassions.  It's still worth going, however, because he is a wonderful doctor.  	1	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
72	1	I found Dr. Hecker to have a wonderful bedside manner and very knowledgeable.  However, the staff at the B.R. Clinic are the worst I have ever been around.  They act like they do not like people or their job.  	1	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
72	1	Previous person took her insurance company out on the doctor....not a good thing to do.  I have been going to Dr. Hecker for a couple of months and am happy with him as a doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
72	-1	Dr. Hecker seems to be interested in minimizing his health insurer cost statistics rather than in providing the best care for patients, even if the patient at hand can afford a variety of treatment options. 	2	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	Dr. Hamilton is the most knowledgeable OB/GYN that I have had the pleasure of dealing with.  She is also a teacher.  She is willing to explain body functions and will not hesitate to pull out her diagrams and explain how female organs are supposed to function. As her patient, I appreciate that she is willing to explain procedures and their necessity.  I never feel rushed, although I know as she has a huge patient load.  It is also refreshing that there is no question to crazy for her.   I applaud Ochsner for their efforts in keeping knowledgeable, qualified, compassionate female doctors on staff! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
73	1	I absolutely love Dr. Hamilton, I've been going to her close to 10 years! Dr. Hamilton is very compassionate about her patients and knowledgable about services. I would definitely recommend her.   She's the best!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
73	1	Dr. Hamilton is a friendly, kind, caring and knowledgeable physician. She takes extra time to explain to her patients what they are experiencing and what they could experience. She is very focused on a healthy lifestyle especially during pregnancy. She returns all phone messages and follows up with her patients even after delivery. She is a sweet woman and I have already my visits with her. She can easily become one of your good friends and confidants.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
74	-1	Arrogant, does not want to listen to your symptoms, rude, I went twice and got upset when I asked what his diagnostic was and refused to tell me, actual face-to-face time with him was 4 minutes!  Sent me a $900 test and charged me $70 just to read the results to me.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
75	1	Professional, smart, patient, nice, we trust her without doubt.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
75	1	I've used her for years and she is very nice. When I had a problem with a medicine, she brought out the big medical book and looked up the medicines and showed me what it said so thatI could see for myself. She is always helpful and remembers something about me even if it has been several months or a year that I have seen her.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
75	1	This doctor is very knowlegeable, smart, not afraid to dig to find the cause of problem. Not afraid to test or do what it takes to fullfill the oath they take. Sweet, polite, and up to date on latest research, in the medical field. I have recommended friends and family members to her, and have never heard a negitive complaint. She stands out as an example of excellence in the medical profession.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
76	1	Took my concerns seriously, and scheduled appropriate tests. 		4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
77	-1	His receptionist is horrible!  First of all she doesn't answer questions fully which leaves more questions so that you have to ask more.  She seems like she doesn't want to be bothered.  She is also has a very nasty personality.  Otherwise his work looks good from what i saw online.  If you can get past the nasty receptionist maybe you can have some luck. 	1	3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
77	1	I had laser lipo done six months ago at Hertzak Laser Center. Dr. Hertzak and his staff were very attentive to my questions and concerns before, during and after my procedure. They also gave me very thorough info so there were no surprises. I am down two sizes and 20 lbs. I had my chin, upper and low abs, hips, back, inner and outer thighs and knees done.  The procedure itself was not really painful at all. I was in an out and I do remember some pressure here and there but it was not an unpleasant experience. Because I had so may areas done, my recovery was a bit longer than I anticipated. This was also my first surgery ever, so I had no clue what to expect. Six months later my results are incredible! I had no idea I would drop two sizes so fast. Overall it was a great experience and I am more than happy with my results. I have had several follow-up appointments and the care post procedure is just as thorough and the pre-procedure visits. I would definitely recommend them! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
77	1	I went for consult first time for breast lift and augmentation.  He was helpful and knowledgable, but when i asked to see before and after pictures, i was told &quot;he does not have them today.&quot;  They said to pay $500 to hold surgery date. I said that I would come back another day to view, for which I made appt to speak to dr for another consult and to see the before and after pictures. My second visit, the assistant Linda was &quot;very busy with another patient, and she has the pictures.&quot; Thus I still did not get to view the images.  They told me to &quot;go online&quot; to see the breast pictures, but there was only ONE patient online, and her areolas were blocked off!  I need to know the aesthetic outcome of the entire breast before proceeding, and could not see results from only one patient with the nipples/areolas blocked off.  Because of my work, email is best communication, so i sent email  that i would like to see pictures, and that one image was not sufficient. They said to find another dr. 	3	4	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	He was very caring and listened attentively and he made me feel better right away 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	Dr. Hickham is my ENT, and I see him usually 2 or 3 times a year due to allergies and sinus problems. He is great! Very caring and knowledgeable. The wait can be a little long at times but that is partially because he takes a lot of time with you, so I have no problem with the wait. Also he gets busy during flu and cold season, which is expected.  Definitely recommend him! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
78	-1	Dr. Hickham diagnosed the itching in my ear as allergies, and sent me home with allergy medication. The itching then turned into pain which caused me to go back to the doctor. This time, Dr. Hickham told me the pain in my ear was due to TMJ. With a 30 year history of ear problems, I had never been told my ear pain was related to TMJ so I asked him how ear pain could be caused by TMJ. When I questioned him, Dr. Hickham stated he had practiced medicine for 15 years and knew what he was doing.  He then sent me home with steroid ear drops and muscle relaxers. After taking those medications for a week, my ear pain substantially increased forcing me to go to a second doctor. The second doctor diagnosed an ear infection and sent me home with antibiotic pills and ear drops. Within three days of taking antibiotic medication, my ear pain was gone. Always get a second opinion.  	3	4	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
78	1	He is a very down to Earth person & very friendly.  He is a very knowledgable doctor who took care of my dad's issues completely in only 3 visits.  I would recommend him to anyone who needs a good & trustworthy ENT. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	Excellent physician skills,  knowledgeable ENT with a very good office protocol. Listens to his patients and treats them effectively.   Highly recommended by medical personnel who were his patients 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
78	1	. Listens well, up-to-date on latest medicines and practices, will work you in quickly if you are sick 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
79	1	Dr. Hailey sit down you with pictures and explains in detail what is going on and the best route for treatment.  I am so thankful that I was introduced to him by several others Leesville.   I've never had to wait long at all.  He is very polite and professional and most of his staff are very helpful and attentive.  I would and do recommend Dr. Hailey to friends and family.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
80	1	Absolutely terrific. I was referred to Dr. Hamburger by my neurologist. Has taken the time to explain thoroughly how chiropractic will help with my neck stiffness which will lead to a better range of motion and help alleviate my headaches. Very knowledgeable! Answers all my questions. After taking x-rays of my neck and spine, he took the time to explain a treatment plan and a goal for long term management. Have improved greatly since my 1st visit. Very personable. The environment at his office is very relaxing. Highly recommend Dr. Hamburger!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	One of the best chiropractic experiences - He was very thorough, and spent time explaining my spine to me.  So far treatments have been very helpful, and I have been able to go back to playing golf again.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
81	-1	 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	Great experience.  Glad to have new doctors coming to the area.  Great bedside manner.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
83	0	poor quality of care to his patient- instead of sending them to hospice care when they can't even sit up  in a  wheel chair something is wrong. some of the staff was great.   They run you through like cattle 	3	4	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
83	1	I found Dr. Hanson to be extremely knowledgeable about my cancer and I could tell that he was current on the disease.  He was always prompt, answered my questions and always looking out for MY best care.  I would recommend him to anyone 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
83	1	Great doctor.  Put me at ease about a very serious condition.  Had all the information and facts/  I would trust him with my care. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
83	1	Outstanding in all aspects.  I felt at ease and assured I would be taken care of as if I were a family member.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
83	-1	very inconsistant, rude, unprofessional and unethical. 	3	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	She is very compassionate.  We always have fast service.  She spends plenty of time talking about the problems and what treatment options are available.  My 2 year old will even crawl up into her lap and let Dr. Hassett examine her.  She is willing to try different treatments to see what works best.  She has stayed late so I wouldn't have to miss my daughters appointment time because of work.  If I ever have to call, the reply is usually very quick and usually Dr. Hassett calls back herself.  We love her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
84	1	Hi my son just had an appt with Dr. Cathryn Hassett at the Ochsner Clinic in Covington, LA, two weeks ago (May 19, 2008).  She scheduled him to come back in one week for a scratch allergen panel.  Dr. Hassett is wonderful.  First it only took us two minutes to get signed in, then we waited less than five minutes to be called back to see the doctor.  The nurse took all his information and the doctor was right in to see him.  When it came to the day for his allergy testing the wait was even less between check-in to being called back to start the testing.  As soon as the testing was over, Dr. Hassett was right in to look at his reactions and then gathered the information needed and came back in within 5 min. to explain the results to us, what could be done,  and she already had his prescription written out.  She is awesome.               	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	Dr Hart is the best doctor ever.  She always calls me back and you can tell is very concerned.  I kept Dr Hart's children in daycare and now my grandson goes to her.  You will not find a better doctor!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	Dr. Hart is an amazing doctor and we find she truly cares not only for our children but can relate very well to us as parents. She is awesome!  However, the staff is definitely under par and doesn't compliment Dr. Hart's compassion and professionalism. The staff is not helpful, nurses seem very cold. Office staff has not been friendly.  	2	2	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
85	1	Doctor and staff very overworked, but you'd never know it.  Always treat me and my kids like we are thier only patients.  Wouldn't go anywhere else for care. I have had many doctors in many states and she is by far my favorite.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
86	1	Staff is so-so. Nothing great nor bad about them. Dr. is nice but seems to lack experience and knowledge. In my experience, Dr. seems unsure of herself/knowledge, and requests to run lots of unnecessary tests. Great dr. to go to for simple things. Wait is acceptable. Timely appt. 	3	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
87	-1	i have had one surgery with him. i went back to him inspite of my unhappy 1st experience. i regret my 2nd involvement with him. dr habig runs in and out like he has no time nor does he care about you. he stands there with arms crossed watching me cry acting totally indifferent to my suffering. i had to beg for pain medication every time in spite of the fact i had a diagnosed excruciating condition called a frozen shoulder. absolutely excruciating pain!! later in physical therapy talked to other woman w/same condition who were prescribed very strong pain meds for the same condition from another dr. they saw in his same office. he is a cold fish who doesnt care a fig about his patients and how much pain they are in. pain that keeps you from functioning completely!!! all he says is the drugs are addicting. now i dont smoke or drink. by law a dr. is supposed to treat diagnosed pain adequately. dr. habig does not do this. he treated me like i was an addict from the minute he saw me. ABSURD!! 	3	1	1	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
87	1	Very punctual, and although they're often short visits with him, he answers every question plus more.  Even stayed longer than I'd expected to humor my curiosity - showing me x-rays and explaining bone density, just because I'd asked.  I saw him several times after having broken my elbow, continuing through 12 wks of rehab after having the cast removed.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
87	0	Aloof; did not have a caring approach to a young patient after surgery. I wished I had gone to another surgeon for my baby's surgery.  	4	3	3	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
87	-1	condesending, over priced, not up to date on pain management, out of date approach to pain management and physical therapy, forget bedside manner, over rated by some as being competent, rude 		1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
87	0	Aloof, arrogant, does not care. ditto staff. 		4	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	. great doctor with sincere concern for his patients 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
89	1	This is one of the kindest Doctors I have met...Wonderful personality and bedside manner. They don't make them like this anymore. Sure wish they had more of them...He should win Doctor of the Year..This Doctor sat and gave my mother icechips in ICU..and went for more ice chips when she was out...He didn't have to do that..but I appreciate that he did...my mother's tongue was parched.Thank God for sensitive physicians 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
90	0	Very unhelpful 	2	3	1	5 	Insurance:Unknown
91	-1	This doctor is extrememly impolite.  He also persuaded me into an unnecessary procedure when all I needed was a good antibiotic.  I had an ingrown hair that got infected and I told him that I did not want to be cut but agreed to fluids being drained.  After draining the fluids, he cut me anyway while I was in tears from the pain of whatever he was doing before and had already been given the numbing medicine so I was not in a mental state to tell him to stop.  Then he prescribed 3 different medications, 2 of them antibiotics...the most expensive one made me sick immediately and the pharmacist told me that I only needed one.  They told me I needed to change the gauze they place on my cut, but didn't offer any gauze or tape.  I asked for the gauze and was too pissed to ask for any tape.  Do not go to this Dr. ask for another one because he is only out for the money and I feel as though I have been medically raped and now have a medical bill to pay for no care and faulty medical assistance 	2	5	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	This is hands down the best doctor I have ever been to.  He is amazing, goes beyond the call of duty.  He'll do whatever he can to help you.   There is no better 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
93	1	. WOW! High quality all around! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
94	-1	I had a severe ear ache.  Was at the Dr. office before doors opened.  There was no one in the waiting room since it just opened.  I was in tears asking if the Dr. could see me.  They went and asked the Dr. Hammons and when they came back they said she could see me at 2:00.  I could not understand that since there was no one in the waiting room.   I will not use her ever again 	 3/28/11	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
94	0	Dr Hammons nurse is very rude and unprofessional. My husband and I both use her, I am happy with the care she provides to him but she doesn't respond the same to me. I don't feel like she listens, I've follow her recommendations and but still live with pain and anxiety. I am a health care professional myself and understand the problems with addiction but there are many medications that can be used to help with pain. I will be changing MD's but encourage my husband to continue to use her. 	1	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
94	0	Felt like Dr. Hammons did not listen to what I was saying. explained problem to me in very technical medical terms. Medications she prescribed where not helpful. 	4	3	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
94	0	HAD PROBLEMS WITH MEDICATIONS, CALLED DR'S OFFICE THREE TIMES AND COULD NOT GET A RETURN CALL,FROM DR. OR NURSE. 	3	3	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
95	1	Great doctor. Really found his calling. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
96	-1	 	4	4	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
97	-1	 	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
98	-1	I heard &quot;6 month braces&quot;, I thought &quot;awesome!&quot;.  I only had minor crowding, nothing major needed done.  He was horrible.  You could tell that he didn't know what he was doing.  Would constantly ask his assistants what they thought of his work, not sure of himself at all.  His assistants were covering up their cluelessness as well.  I told them to take my braces off prior to my treatment being completed.  I didn't want any more of my teeth being shaved off.  His assistant chipped my tooth when removing my braces.  Clearly didn't know what she was doing.  I flat out gave up and went on to Ben Foster (literally across the street).  Ben Foster told me that Haygood isn't even an orthodontist, but takes the classes required to do the work of one.  Becaues I'm military, I moved to town and tried to find an ortho asap. Well, my mistake.  Could finally afford braces and was excited.  Bottom line is he's just a dentist, and a mighty horrible one at that! 	 12/6/11	3	3	3	Insurance:Unknown
98	-1	I had never had any problems with my teeth until he started cleaning &amp; do prevenative maintance on them that costed me alot of money after my ins. company paid him 2000.00 for 2 office visits. He is a joke &amp; I will tell everyone that is looking for a dentist to run a fast as they can from him.  	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
98	1	He still has a license according to lsbd.org.  I will agree he has been on an extended leave in which will make me have to sadly find another dentist.  I use to think he was great! 	5	5	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
98	-1	This Dr. Is taking a very long absence from his practice and the staff isn't &quot;allowed&quot; to say where he is. I heard his license was suspended.  	5	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
98	-1	My braces went ok, I think that they are starting to move (my teeth) I don't have a permanant retainer, but think I need one.  After braces came off, he told me that I needed another $7000 worh of care, got another opinion from an experienced dentsist, turned out for $159 I would be good to go.  I think Dr. Haygood is more about money than the oral health of patients.  Go to another Dentist if possible. 	5	4	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
98	-1	Had braces through Dr. Haygood. He promised to put a perm. retainer on after but then refused.  Told me I just needed to wear retainer for 6 months and then just at night.  8 months later, my teeth are still trying to space apart and I'm still wearing the retainer constantly.  Have called back but he still says I don't need perm retainer.  Another dentist disgrees and I'm scheduled for one shortly.  Dr. Haygood is quite rude, impatient and is not that involved in his patients' care.  His hygenists constantly tell you that you need extra work, when you probably don't.  He is definitely all about making money and doesn't seem interested in actually taking care of his patients.   STAY AWAY!!! 	2	4	2	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
98	1	Been to a few other old dentists and they were not fixing my problem.  Haygood examined my teeth and found issues the older dentists had missed.  I would recommend him to anyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
98	-1	My dentist retired so had to find another.  Tried Haygood. He found lots of work that supposedly needed to be done...funny, no other dentist ever mentioned that work.  Seems this dentist is out to make a buck.  Office staff friendly and helpful....be prepared to pay for work that doesn't need to be done.  Stay away! 	5	5	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
98	-1	I would not recommend anyone going to this Dentist. He is extremely arrogant and rude. He treats his patients like they are in military boot camp. He also has a bad attitude and gets mad at you for things not your fault. On the other hand, his staff is very generous and kind. Would be a great place to go if a different dentist was there.  	5	5	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
98	-1	Be very careful. I had 7 crowns done. A lots of problems, infections, Root canal after the crowns done (2). The 7 Crowns are loose for the third time. Do not let him do your crowns. I took so many antibiotic w/ these procedures. So much pain swollen face my eye was half closed.Now I have to see another doctor to fix the problem . 	4	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
98	1	I have to say I am a big scaredy cat when it comes to having dental work done, Dr Haygood was patient and very gental while working on me. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
98	1	Very friendly staff. Was seen within 10 minutes of appointment. Very knowledgable. Took time to explain need for treatment and treatment itself. I think fees are reasonable as they seem to be within my insurance coverage. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
98	1	Staff is very friendly, there is a bit of conflicting information between the Doc and the assistants.  He says one thing, they say another, but overall happy so far. Let's see the end results.  	5	5	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
98	0	Dr. Haygood was in a very bad mood. All he told me was how long it had been since my last visit (I don't have insurance). I was told I need a deep scale cleaning on my gums, Again! I was told after my my last visit 3 years ago I was good and nothing else was needed. Now, I am being told I need another deep cleaning and upkeep. I wish I was told this three year ago. Keeping up with something is easier than starting over again. The after care was not told to me back then.It's going to be costing me big money I don't have right now. I would look around before using him as a new dentist especially someone without insurance. 	3	4	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
98	1	Dr Haygood and his staff are very caring and professional. They take the time to explain options and procedures. I would never go anywhere else.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
98	-1	The most unprofessional dentist in the area. He is very rough and it was the first time being at the dentist has ever been really painful and frightening. After receiving treatment from him I have run across many people with similiar stories, I wish I would have known before I went. His staff and hygentist were all very professional, but I can't recommend Dr. Haygood at all. 	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
98	1	I moved here over a year ago and when my old dentist (who I adored) sent a reminder that it was time to have a checkup I began searching for a local dentist. After being referred by a coworker to Haygood Dental Care I can now say I found an excellant dentist who helps his patients achieve what they want for their mouth.  I have never had an exam that was that thorough and afterwards everything was explained to me. I highly recommend this dentist.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
98	1	For the past 18 years, I have focused on my children and have put my wants and needs on the back burner.  I have never been happy with my smile and was ready for a change- I have to tell you that I have a fear of going to the dentist. Although, after today, I am forever grateful to Dr. Haygood- he made me feel so comfortable and his staff is amazing!  I am smiling right now!!!! For the first time in years, I am actually showing my teeth and its the most amazing feeling. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
98	-1	This doctor is in the business of recommending unnecessary dental work. Watch out for the hygeniest, they are equally as involved in this practice as he is. I understand that several formal complaints have been made about Dr. Haygood and his dental practice. I would recommend anyone who is planning on using his services contact the dental board and research complaints made against him or get a second opinion from another dental professional.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
98	1	Very nice Doctor and staff. Great work done at a very fair price with much attention to patient's comfort and concerns. Thank you Haygood Dental Care! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
98	-1	He is all about money. Says you need all of these high dollar things done. 	1	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
98	-1	Dr. Haygood's team gave me a list of unneccesary procedures,totaling thousands of dollars. When I visited his office for one of the procedures, I was told that I made him nervous and he recommended that I be sedated when he worked on my teeth. He then prescribed Halcyon, the anti psychotic medicine/sleeping pill developed in the 1960's. I have had many dental procedures so I knew the information he was giving me was not quite accurate. I have never been anxious about dental procedures and have never had to be sedated to have work done, nor have I ever been told this before by other Dental professionals.  		3	1	2 	Insurance:Humana
99	1	Explanes to patient so that they understands 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
100	1	I have been going to Dr. Hayes for 10 years now. He makes you feel comfortable and he will answer any questions you have. I think he is one of the best Drs in Lafayette.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
100	1	Amazing Dr! Not only is my c section scar now barely there. He was amazing throughout everything ESP since my husband was in training with the Marines ..  I loved him and his amazing staff 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
100	-1	I am a sexually active woman with multiple partners and few sexual hangups. That being said, I'm very safe and like to make sure my sexual healthy. I had hoped to have a doctor who respected this, but that was not the case with Dr. Hayes. I put up with mild **** shaming like when his staff was rude to me and he immediately assumed I had been exposed to an STD when I asked for an STD panel during my annual. I had not, but know STD panels should be routine for sexually active women in their 20s.I knew Dr. Hayes was not the doctor for me when I he told me he doesn't do IUDs because he's morally opposed to them and compared the contraceptive to getting an abortion every month. He didn't even know copper, non-hormonal IUDs are on the market.  	2	4	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
100	-1	I have Medicare with a Blue Cross Supplement, Yesterday I called for my 2 year check up and I was refused, because I am on MEDICARE.  I have been with Dr. Hayes 4-5  years.  He was treating me for memopause, he also delivered 2 of my Grandchildren.  What the heck!  I offered to pay for the visit to get rx for Memopause treatment and I was refused.  Can they do this&#63;  I am so sorry I put my trust in a man who now looks at me as MEDICARE and not who I am.  	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Medicare
100	1	Dr Hayes was great. He has a wounderful bedside manner. 	4	3	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
100	-1	This is an incredibly rude OB/GYN. He is unsympathetic to religious women who prefer not to use birthcontrol in regulating hormones ect.. and will not even discuss other alternatives. He is passive and did not even look me in the eye almost the entire time I was in his office. His back was turned as he pretty much disregaurded everything I said. I have also found that he is incredibly insensitive to pregnant women in pain. I feel that if you have come to a point where aiding in the birth of babies has become so routine and that you do not even look at someone who is in pain (this was not me, but a pregnant women in the office) and treat women as animals giving births to puppies, then you need to take a break or at least some serious sensitivity training. Also, I would not recommend this doctor to college students, seeing that most of his patients are in a university area. Having an authority figure at such a young age not be infomative or sensitive is quite horrible. 		3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
