dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
6	1	 He has been my doctor for 20 years and my fathers doctor for10.   He is the best cardiologist in the country 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
6	1	 I find Dr. Iteld to be very compentent and knowegeble physian he has been my doctor for almost 20yrs. Dr. Iteld found a blocked LDA and inserted a cardiac stent that saved my life.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	-1	comments 	4	1	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
10	-1	commentsStated to office manager (who told me to not make any appointments on his day, as he takes his time with every patient i.e. you will be there all day), his nurse and Dr. Idowu that I was a cash patient WITHOUT insurance on a very limited income.  He gave me one month's prescription for  my seizure disorder then told me I needed testing done that would cost in the thousands (MRIs, EEG, blood work) before he would give me another prescription.  I had explained my situation very clear upfront while making the appointment and while I was there.  His bedside manner is very poor and English is not his first language. 	1	1	1	3	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	commentsHas been dentist for several years. Excellent care. Seems to be very honest. No complains all these years. Very gentle and shows concern for the patient. 	5	4	5	4	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	 Dr Ingram is the best physician in Natchitoches. He saved my mothers life when several of the other so called doctors (incompetent quacks) in town almost killed her. He is very caring, communicative and extremely skilled. I just hope they dont run him off. This town needs a expert like him.  	1	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
22	1	 He is wonderful, very knowledgleable, caring & compassionate.   I trust him with my life! 	2	2	5	5	Insurance:HealthPartners
32	-1	commentsvery rude, no sense of humor,thinks you are a 10 year old kid.you pay $3000 for a 15 min. surgery and all you get is attitude and disrespect...dont waste your time and money with this joke.... 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	commentsWonderful surgeon very conservative and really cares about my overall outcome 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	commentsHad LASIK in 1998...gave me vision without correction after 20 years of contacts & thick glasses. I'm forever greatful! Paid/Co-pay:$6000		4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	 I like Dr. Ishag alot. She gets right to the point and tells you like it is, no beating around the bush here. She's honest and open.  	4	3	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	1	commentsDuring my visit I felt that I was treated very well.I would absolutely recommend this doctor to my family and friends.  I felt this visit was a big help.Overall I would rate this visit : outstanding! 		4	5	4	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	commentsGood bedside manner.  Very knowledgeable. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
44	0	.  On a gall bladder removal he says you won't hurt but Trust me You Will! 	3	3	2	3	Insurance:Aetna
50	1	 He is wonderful doctor with great deal of compassion and knowledge. I was referred to him by my previous psychiatrist who felt that I need an expert psychopharmacologist. He is very respectful and caring. I would recommend him to anyone without any reservation.  	3	3	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	1	 Knowledgeable, but you'll have to wait a while for any appointments. He doesn't say very much to you. He just asks &quot;so, how are you doing&#63;&quot; then you tell him, and he'll make notes of it, write a prescription for you, then it's over.  	4	2	3	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
50	-1	commentsEarly morning appointment was two hours late. Did not call in prescription, office help rude. 		1	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	 Several years ago I was searching for a doctor who truly cared about his/her patients.  I knew on the first visit with Dr. Ieyoub that I had found that person. She is thourough, responsive, and knowledgable.  In addition to that is she is down to earth and not &quot;impressed with herself&quot;. I would recomend her to anyone.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
53	1	 Dr. Ieyoub is very caring and thorough.  She listens to everything you say and questions you and examines you thoroughly.  She is not one to give you medicine if you don't need it and is not afraid to refer you to someone else.  She is very compassionate and sweet and I would recommend her to anybody.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
56	1	commentsExcellent doctor. Listens well and really cares. Very thorough and takes time to really talk with you. Highly recommended. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	commentsVery professional and on time.  The staff could be friendlier and faster but highly recommend this doc.  Not sure about other commenter concern of meds.  Mine weren't AZ products.  Perhaps we shouldn't make assumptions. Paid/Co-pay:$20	2	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
57	-1	 Was transfered over to this Dr. after my Dr. moved out of town.  He is very cold unless he wants to speak about making money - who in the Med. Prof. he knows that you know.  I was very depressed and asked for meds that my former Dr. presribed to me.  I was and never have been addicted to anything.  I explained my situation and he boldly told me that he DID NOT PRESCRIBE THAT MED!.  He is only interested in prescribing meds manufactured by the same drug co.  I guess he gets kickbacks from the drug salesmen for prescribing Astra Zeneca RX's!  He only wants to prescribe these meds! I stopped going to him after losing my job due to my depression; however, I now have another job and will not ever go back to him.  He should look beyond his obvious lack of compassion and knowledge and actually realize that he is dealing with human beings who may know themselves better than the Shreveport LSU Flunky Dr. that he is.  Do yourselff a favor and keep going down the directory and find yourself a Dr.  	2	2	1	1	Insurance:CIGNAPaid/Co-pay:$350
57	1	 He spent time explaining my condition with me.  He gave detailed explanntations on exercising and dieting.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Humana
57	-1	 Dr. Imseis does not communicate with patients adequatelt.  	5	3	1	2	Insurance:Coventry
61	0	commentsOffice staff very unprofessional - won't return calls and has hung the phone up when I questioned this behavior. 	1	1	2	4	Insurance:Unknown
66	-1	 This man is not a doctor...or at least he doesn't act like a caring professional. He dismissed my Mom and told us there was nothing wrong. A nurse called Mom the day after we were there to tell her that her CAT scan was abnormal. I doubt he waited for the results before shooing us out.  	5	3	1	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	1	 Dr Isaza was very knowledgeable about my condition.  He performed the correct tests, made an informed diagnosis, and offered several treatment options.  I had seen another orthopedic doctor in Baton Rouge and was very, very dissatisfied with my treatment.  The first doctor's treatment of my complaint was a lot like running cattle through a gate to vaccinate.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
67	-1	 rude, bad bed side manner,changes his mind after runningg spinal myleograms on you (which is a very dangerous test). Only knows how to do open back procedure, not advanced in other types of surgery.  	2	1	1	1	Insurance:United Healthcare
69	1	 Treatments from Dr. Impastato have worked very well for my headaches and neck pain. He told me in plane English what my problem was and what it would take to fix it, without drugs or surgery.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
71	1	commentsExcellent staff, very professional and Dr. Irby is very informative and makes you fill very comfortable and puts you at ease.  Highly recommended. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	commentsDr. Ingalls and her staff are the best I have encountered. She always answered all my questions and concerns and I never felt rushed. We had an unfortunate outcome in our pregnancy and I've never experienced such compassion. I had to be referred to a specialist and they had everything taken care of through the insurance and PCP ten minutes after I left my appointment. I experienced nothing but the best care at her office. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	 I absolutely love Dr. Ingalls. She is always willing to spend extra time with you and talk to you about your concerns.  She has delivered 2 of my babies and is a phenomenal doctor 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Tricare
79	-1	commentsWas not very helpful when I asked questions. I did not feel comfortable at all. The staff was unattentive, and I sat waiting in the patient room for quite some time while I listened to the doctor and nurses talk badly about other patients as well as their personal problems. On one occassion I had an appoitment at 11:30 and was told, &quot;I'm so hungry, if only we can get you out of here we can go to lunch.&quot; At 39 weeks pregnant I was asked to bend over get my own gown out of a drawer. Lazy, rude, unprofessional, and careless. Would not recommend. 	1	1	1	3	Insurance:Unknown
79	-1	 Her office personnel was not friendly and she did not offer any explanations about the condition of my health.  She was about to talk about me to her receptionist but stopped when she realized my mother was looking at them.  I would not recommend this doctor to anyone who care about their privacy.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
81	1	commentsLove Dr. Irwin 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
86	-1	commentsthis dr. is about the most unproffesional and heartless one I have ever seen and I have seen alot of them!! All he does is charge you $275.00 a month then charges you another 275.00 for what he calls a participation fee and all I have ever participated in is walking in his office and giving his staff which are &quot;rude&quot; 550.00 dollars for a prescription and then they make up charges for other things because the personal payments on top of the Blue Cross payments totaling almost 600.00 is still not enough!!! I hope this comes back to bite him in the butt, because if I ever had a more UNPROFFESIONAL &amp; GREEDY DOCTOR than this guy he would be hard pressed to find!!! 	1	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
86	-1	commentsThis Dr. not only didn't know what he was talking about, but refused to research the topic. 	1	1	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
87	-1	 As a brand new patient, one with many different diagnoses, Dr. Innocent asked me NOTHING ABOUT MYSLEF.  She spent absolutely NO time getting to know me.  She was not thorough with her initial examination, she didn't even listen to my lungs or heart!  She was not warm or inviting and I felt as though I was just a piece of meat.  HORRIBLE, will never go back to her.  	2	3	1	1	Insurance:Anthem
87	1	 I found Dr. Innocent to be kind, knowledgeable, and very nice. She did not rush me, listened to me, and explained everything to me. She was friendly and firm. I have since recommended her to family and friends.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Humana
87	-1	 I went in for what I knew was strep throat. Dr Innocent attributed my body aches, fever, and sore throat to allergies. Allergies!!! I've had allergies for years and never felt that bad. She sat in the corner on her pc the whole time I may have gotten 1 minute of face time, she ran no tests and barely looked at me. She wrote me a script for allergy meds I'm already on and moved on. I was very very disappointed in the lack of attention she showed me. I tried calling her back 2 days later and of course a day later I haven't received a call back. Funny thing is 2 days after I went to Dr my wife got sick w guess what... Strep Throat!! Took the Drs at EJ all of about ten minutes to diagnose. They could not believe that another Dr said my symptoms were due to allergies, they actually laughed about it. What a joke. Ochsner has one of the most impersonal Dr- patient systems I've ever seen. They sit facing away from u on a pc and ask u questions that u already answered on the questionnaire.  	3	2	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$25
