dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	Very nice man.  Good bedside manner.  Seems to be caring and compasionate.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
1	1	Very caring and knowledgeable. Found a problem I had that was missed  by 4 other doctors.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	-1	He was always fishing and never had time to see me. His nurse took care of everything and always had to call him on his cell phone to make sure she was doing everything that needed to be done.  	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	1	Hes gentle and fast. My corns are ugly, didn't want to wear sandals went to him he shaved them off. m such a nice doc 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
2	1	Awesome doc. Nice office. The wait time was short, much to my surprise. Im used to waiting in the office for over 30 min. He's really professional and knows what he's doing.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	1	I went to Dr Kadish when i couldn't  take my heel pain anymore. I am a runner and the pain became so bad that I had to stop running. I went to Dr Kadish and he informed me of my plantar fashiatis. He gave me a steroid shot and my feet felt brand new! I am so thankful I went and got my life back. Running is my passion and without him I would have never been able to get back to normal. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	I was really nervous about seeing a doctor for my foot pain. I had been living with my bunion and the pain that came with it for years. My friend told me about Dr. Kadish. She said he was really nice and gentle so I mustered up to courage to see him. He told me that the procedure was simple and I didnt have to live with pain. Its been a year and a half since my surgery and I could not be happier! I love him! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	0	$2505.00 apiece for the first 3 Office Visit&#63; Absolutely outrageous. After 3 visits I left and went elsewhere (suggested by my Insurer).. This place seems more interested in money than curing the patient. There are many other Podiatrists in the City. 	1	1	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	This office has no idea what's going on. The office visit was pleasant, but there follow-up is horrible. They were supposed to contact me in a given time period on my results. Since the given amount of time had lapsed I called them to find that they don't know of any results or anything from my last visit. I was swapped between 3 ppl in a given call and had to remind them of what test where taken and what went on. Isn't that why you have a file&#63; Overall I am very displeased... It's taxing enough having to visit an oncologist, but for them not being able to recollect the services they rendered is unacceptable. 	1	1	2	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	Showed concern and was very gentle in examination.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
4	1	I love love love Dr. Kirby.  I never has someone be so thourough with me and he always helps improve my vision. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	Dr Kirby is very polite and very knowledgeable.He really cares for his patients. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	I'll admit I was hesitant to go to Wal-Mart for eyecare. But after a really bad experience at another optometrist, I went to Dr. Kirby's office at the Wal-Mart Vision Center. The wait for my appointment was less than ten minutes and the reception staff was efficient and courteous. The doctor was also pleasant and thorough. He listened to my concerns and made sure everything was good with my eyes. I had a comprehensive exam and a contact lens exam. I highly recommend this eyecare team. The price is very reasonable for the high level of care given. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	I was incredibly impressed with Dr. Kaliebe when I saw her today, for the first time.  I got right in, and she saw me right away.  The staff was very helpful and courteous.  I found Dr. Kaliebe to have a lovely bedside manner, and it was clear to me that she is very smart and thorough in her approach.  I would highly recommend her and will continue to see her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	Been going to her for over 4 years for osteoporsis.  Find her thoughtful and professional.  Called me with results, and explained them carefully.  Conservative approach, evaluates you and does a good work up. Did not rush me into any decisions.  Seems very knowledgable. 	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	-1	She was very rude, went in for strep throat and she tried to convince me I was pregnant cause I was so &quot;big&quot; . I refuse to see Anyone besides my regualr docotr.  Ochsner sucks to being with 	 6/14/09	2	1	1	Insurance:Humana
5	-1	Terrible bedside manners.  Does not listen to patient issues nor look in detail at records.  	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:Humana
5	-1	She mis diagnosed me, then did no follow-up.  I almost died because of her mismanagement of my care.  She is a cold, heartless dotor. 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
6	-1	This doctor cancelled two appointments I had the day before. And with no reason. Do not see this doctor if you want her to show up.  	5	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	-1	This is the worst dr. I have ever seen.  He prescribed a medicine he knew I was highly allergic to and a second drug that should not be taken with another drug that he knew I was taking. He was very unprofessional and I am not sure how he passed medical school. Stay as far away from him as you can.  He ran tests that wer expensive and unnecessary for my treatment.  Thank goodness I have good insurance so the money was not technically coming out of my pocket but Blue Cross needs to watch the tests that he runs and be sure they are necessary.  He made me very nervous being in his presence and asked many inappropriate questions.   Stay away from him because the next time he mis-prescribes a medicine it could result in the death of a patient 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	1	the best 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	Usually relatively easy to get appmt, and Dr Kemp seems to strive to see patients on time.  Dr Kemp always takes time to understand patient complaints, and to discuss diagnosis in detail.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	It's true Dr. Kemp is very attentive to his patients. You have his full attention and he never rushes you and he is never rushed. He doesn't over book his day so there's never a long wait. His office staff and nursing staff is A-1 as well. I highly recommend him to everyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	Dr. Kemp is very attenative to his patients....and he actually listens to what they have to say regarding their concerns. He's never rushed and you have his undivided attention. He takes the time to explain the medical situation to you. And then lets you ask questions. Dr. Kemp doesnt over book his day do that leaves quality time for each patient. You don't find many doctors that provide this level of care in this day and time. He truly cares about his patients and goes the extra mile for them.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	I would recommend Dr Kemp to anyone looking for healthcare in Denham Springs. He is a wonderful doctor. I have been seeing him for more than 5 years now.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	Very personable. Takes time to hear your complaint. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	Dr.Knecht has the most professional and caring I have ever encountered in a physician. He is great with kids and with adults as well. Other physicians go to him and he is a great diagnostician. He will point you in the right direction for a specialist.  I know two people for whom and has discovered cancers at a much earlier stage than most physicians, according to the cancer centers they later attended.  He will personally check up on you and WILL answer his home phone if you call him.  He will also meet you at the emergency room when necessary.  His staff is super nice and knowledgeable.  In addition, he has a great sense of humor. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	VERY SMART, FRIENDLY, FUNNY AND EASY TO TALK TO. HAS A WAY OF PUTTING PEOPLE AT EASE. BETTER WITH KIDS THAN ANY PEDIATRICIAN I'VE EVER SEEN. WOULD RECOMMEND HIM TO ANYONE WHO IS LOOKING FOR THE BEST FAMILY DOCTOR IN TOWN! 	 7/27/07	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
11	-1	Doctor refused to see me because I forgot my insurance card. I had the insurance company on the phone and they wanted to tell them that they authorize the visit and will pay, but the receptionist refused to talk to them. This doctor's office is all about the money, not relieving suffering.  	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Humana
11	1	Been going to Dr.Robert for years and have found him to be very concerned and always tries to find a solution to complaints. Has sent me to other Drs. when he feels that the problem can be better taken care of by another.  Always tries to give samples! 	4	4	5	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
11	1	I am so happy I found Dr. Koppel.  He treated me like a person, and I am so grateful.   And funny too! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	1	Dr Koppel was kind and professional.  His staff was very friendly and efficient.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	1	. best doctor ever i think everyone should go to him 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	-1	horrible doctor, i will never see him again, and not a very good person 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
13	-1	takes no time with pat. nor listin about there pain.  	3	4	2	2 	Insurance:Medicare
14	-1	there drug testings are sometimes wrong and you get taken off of medications that you need. 	2	5	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	I found Dr. Kacos to be very professional, through and friendly. He is well versed in the latest dental techniques. He makes sure you are always comfortable. The office staff is friendly and accomodating.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
16	1	I've been with Dr. Keefer for several years, and she is SO knowledgeable and thoughtful in her diagnoses. You can tell she really loves what she does. And she tests for Vitamin D deficiency. Not many doctors do that. You will probably have to wait even with a scheduled appointment, but it'll be worth it once you get in there because she doesn't rush you through like she's in a hurry to get you out the door and get paid. She's careful and very purposeful about what she does.  And she loves the 'dem Saints! :) (Date: 09/2011) 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	A super doctor!  Anyone with an MD and a PhD in science is excellent in my book. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	Dr. Keefer is an excellent diagnostition.  He bedside manner is more straight forward than warm &amp; fuzzy, but she is very nice, and an excellent doctor.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	Kelleher is very prompt and direct; she doesn't speak in riddles. She noticeably enjoys her job and is proud of her work. She is willing to do what she can to help and is not just &quot;in it for the money.&quot; Her knowledge is definitely vast and she will hold a technical conversation if you so wish. Her personality and attitude, towards her patients and her work, couldn't be better.  Going to the doctor isn't so bad for once! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	-1	Sometimes I wonder don't understand, i me mean it hard to explain i wonder. 	2	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	I would recommend Dr. Kilpatrick to anyone. He's the most caring, attentive doctor I have ever had the pleasure of seeing. I'd been bounced back and forth from doctor to doctor for some issues that a lot of doctors wrote off, but that were causing me pain and discomfort nearly every day. Dr. Kilpatrick is the only one who sat down and listened to what I had to say without cutting me off with some premature diagnosis. (This often happens to me since I'm a female in my early 20's and a lot of docs are quick to shrug off my complaints.) He saw me specially, even though he wasn't taking new patients at the time because my husband worked at the hospital where he consults and had told him about my issues. (He's well-liked among hospital staff, too.) He spent AN HOUR AND A HALF in the exam room with me, which is probably about equal to the combined time I spent with numerous other doctors. I was wowed by his bedside manner and thorough exam. I would recommend him to anyone, any time.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	the most experiaced and certified by 5 national boards. pioneer in many cardiac and perr=ipheral intervention procedures, founder of alexandria cardiology clinic in 1985 and founder of raoides heart center. done over 20,000 procedures with below averege complication rate 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	0	Fainted at work Wed. after developing dry sockets from wisdom tooth extraction; when I called the office, he said to 'See a medical Dr.' even though he should have been aware that I had a history of dry socket(other 3 wisdom teeth removed by different Dr. and 2 had dry socket) and that the pain I was in was due to that. Even though the extraction went well, very easy, not impacted, and all I was supposed to take was Advil for the pain, this didn't stop it from turning into a major problem.  Thanks a lot for nothing, and for not paying attention to my mouth.  	5	4	3	2 	Insurance:Humana
21	1	. he performed an emergency appendectomy on my grandchild-he explained the procedure to her as well as me in terms that we both could understand-she recovered without any problems-he gave her a picture of her appendixshe was thrilled-excellent skills, bedside manner and cute as a button 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
21	1	Dr Karam performed my emergency appendectomy and I found him to be very skilled, knowledgeable and respectful. He saved my life.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
22	1	The best.  Extremely successful Nissen fundlopication surgery. The man is truly gifted!  He was in Lake Charles, LA but transferred to the Philadelphia area recently.  His partner in Lake Charles is pretty good, too. No, he didn't pay me to say these things.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
23	1	My GP had been treating my symptoms for weeks on end &amp; finally got me in with Dr Laura. What a GOD SEND she &amp; her PA, Sammie Smith both have been to me! Dr noticed how very ill I was &amp; promised me she would &quot;get me well&quot;! I was so swollen &amp; weak &amp; was past walking on my own. She sent me for lab work &amp; immediately diagnosed me being in a Thyroid Storm from (Graves disease) &amp; said my AIC registered ll.  I had no idea I was a diabetic! With her knowledge &amp; great care my STORM has past, my AIC is now 5.9 &amp; diabetis is completely under control (with over a 50 pound weight loss). She is a brilliant Endocrinologist, extremely personable, understanding &amp; caring &amp; I can't say enough about both &amp; Sammie both! I highly recommend this Dr &amp; think her staff is top of the professional LIST! I thank God for each of them! The positive attitude &amp; enthusiasm both Dr &amp; PA exhibits is truly a RARE thing in modern medicine! In my opinion, they are the BEST ever. Lynda Herzog-Pope 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
23	1	I seen Kelly Jacobs and she was very knowledgable about my thyroid condition, she answered all of my questions. She also brought Dr. Ravari in to meet me and she spoke with me also. Very sweet understanding staff. They made me feel completely at ease, because I was very nervous at first. Much thanks to all of you. I will continue with her for my future appts.  God Bless!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	This Dr started me on the pump She is very smart and knowledgable in her field. She always listens to my input. She takes her time. I think she is one of the best in her field. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	-1	received call from this dr's office today telling me that since i had been in noncompliance about their medical advice i had until my next appt to think about it or they would take my insulin pump and discharge me from their care. i told them 2 cancel my appt and i am currently looking for another doctor.  	1	3	1	3 	Insurance:Humana
23	-1	doctor and staff showed a blatant disreguard for patient health and well being in my experience. they were not helpful and showed no compassion for illness. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	 	4	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	-1	Called 4 times in one month for different family members.  Could not get an appointment.  Was told to go to a quick care facility.  	2	2	1	2 	Insurance:Aetna
24	-1	Called 4 times in 1 month for different family members.  Couldn't get in at all.  We had the flu, UTI, strep throat and some type of hard knot in neck.  Couldn't get in at all.  Why would I call this man my DR.  when I have to go to a Quick care clinic! 	1	3	1	3 	Insurance:Aetna
24	1	 	5	5	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	I am very happy to have him as an Army Chiropractor 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	My kids feel comfortable around doctor Korab. When I leave the office I feel confident that doctor Korab has treated my children to the best of his knowledge.  Thanks Doctor Korab for caring!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	1	a very good doctor...he will take the time to explain whatever needs to be explained..has alot of patients, but knows the kids by name and remembers why they were in his office before. our town is very lucky to have such a wonderful doctor for our children.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
26	1	Very Caring,experienced,Freindly,...All our town love him so much...I wish he runs for  the mayor elections...Thanks Doctor korab..u took care of my child.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
27	1	He is my favorite doctor. So very kind and patient. Very knowledgeable and concerned for ones physical and mental well-being. He took me as a patient at one of the worse times in life and I am so grateful for such compassion. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	He is a good Doctor. He actually takes time out and explain everything to you. I must say he makes youf feel comfortable. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	This doctor is dedicated and genuinely sincere.  You have his undivided attention when he is with you and your health (physically and mentally) is his main concern. Likewise, he will address all of your concerns to the best of his ability. He listens when you speak and response is always filled with compassion and understanding.  He recognizes you when he enters the room and does not hesitate when calling your name.  I wish I could see him for all illnesses.  My other doctors have a tough act to follow and have not yet stepped up to the plate.  He is an excellent human being and this makes him a wonderful doctor and friend.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
27	1	 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	Excellent personality and very informative, really an asset to a small town of Leesville, may God bless her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
29	-1	He was great on my first visit but was a completely different person the next.  In the end, I decided to post my experience here to help anyone else considering him as a physician.  All in all, he was VERY unprofessional and unhelpful. 	1	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
29	-1	Went to office for appointment, filled out paperwork, gave i.d. to lady at desk and she rudely returned it when my son said&quot; She was rude!&quot;  I told him people are like that sometimes.&quot;  She then came almost across the counter and aske rudely if I was talking about her.  I told her what my son said and she calld me all kinds of profanity, INSIDE THE OFFICE WITH MY SON WATCHING AND MY ROOMMATE IN THE WAITING ROOM WATCHING TOO!!! She was very unprofessional and very, very hard on my child.  I don't see how you can have employees that act like that in your office.  I figured there would be better service if they were wanting payment for services, but I left without even seeing the doctor.  With service like that, who wants to see the Doctor anyways&#63;  You are judged by the people you meet in the front office and if anyone meets her, they will see the same things I saw. 	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
30	-1	Run don't walk from this guy!!!! My beloved Anne was released from Oschner Hospital prematurely with abdominal pain. His phone suggestion after vomiting was &quot;give her Gas X&quot;. No follow up call so I admitted her to EJ Hospital and found a competent Speialist and He found the obstruction in her stomach and resolved her near miss... Now I asked this clown for a GI assessment prior to her release  and he blew me off and almost killed her.. Not good ..  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
31	0	went to get my teeth cleaned and he came in and looked in my mouth was very mean i told him if he went close to my wisdom teeth it would hurt hoe got very mean and said thats not the reason it hurts. I needed to go to the periodontist for gum disease he did not advise it to me nor gave me a a referral he was like whatever so i didnt think it was a big deal. Bad taste began in my mouth I called him thats when he said I probably needed to go there. He gave me no advice on how to care for my teeth. He is VERY UNCARING. Hedidnt take any pan views of my mouth so now my insurance is rejecting the claim. If he knew I needed the periodontist why not take the XRAYS&#63;&#63;!! NEVER COMING BACK!ON THE POSITIVE SIDE HIS STAFF COULDNT BE SWEETER.  	5	3	1	4 	Insurance:Humana
31	0	Extremely rough, condescending, non-communicative, rude, fails to inform patient of post procedural care, fails to inform patient about what to expect during procedure,failed to wear mask during procedure, blamed for the fact that my crown fell out and the facility was filthy.  	3	1	3	3 	Insurance:Aetna
31	-1	. ROUGH, INCONSIDERATE, NOT GOOD DECISIONS, BLAME PATIENT FOR EVERYTHING 	4	5	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	1	Very thoughtful and did not rush the procedure. 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	Has been the ONLY doctor to listen & effectively treat my migraines.  More headache knowledge than any headache clinic or doc ever been to.  Is Chairman of Neurology at LSUHSC so does research constantly & stays on the cutting edge of all treatment options.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
32	-1	Only gave me his thoughts casting dought and uncertainty instead of medical knowledge about my disease. He should have been able to confirm or deny my illness with testing but only said he is not convinced I have it but not convinced I don't.  What is that&#63; 		3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	1	Very knowledgeable about his field and excellent bedside manners.  He is also very professional and witty at the same time.  He is a very well-rounded doctor with personality.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	1	Wonderful, sarcastic, funny, comforting, put me soooooo at ease with the entire (2) pregnancies. Honest, wonderful staff, wonderful practice! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
34	-1	Rushed through pre-natal appointments, Poor attention to detail, seemed lazy did not answer questions.  	3	3	3	1 	Insurance:Aetna
34	1	It was a great first-time experience! I was very nervous and she alleviated all my fears and I feel very comfortable going back.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
34	1	I love this woman. You won't find a better, more caring OB/GYN. She is absolutely a sincere and heartfelt lady who listens and takes the time to respond to any question you have. She has been my doctor for 7 years and I drive in to see her because I no longer live in Laf.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	-1	Felt very rushed. Talked over me when I tried to ask questions. Switched doctors.  	3	3	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	1	Dr. King and her staff are the best. She's the best gyn I've ever had. Great bedside manners and very helpful. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	. He's a great doctor, but you will receive most of your care from Nurse Practitioners who do an excellent job! 	4	5	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	1	Dr. Kramm is the best Rehab &amp; pain managment doctor in Baton Rouge by far He has helped me more than words can express.  He also is one of the few Doctors whom does pro lo therapy which has really helped with my back, neck and shoulder pain!  If you need surgery go see Dr. Kramm first and try pro lo first before doing risky surgey.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	1	Most caring and comprehensive doctor I've seen.    Understands my need to be able to function normally and relatively pain free.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
37	1	very good doctor,on time,nice bed side manner,staff are nice, the best in town. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	very nice doctor and staff,friendly,take his time to explain,knowledgeable,i recomend him to evry body. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	very nice and taking his time to explain everything, staff are freindly, I did not wait longtime,I strongly recomand him to everybody. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
37	-1	Rude.  Didn't even take the time to learn my name.  Staff was rude.  I wouldn't reccomend him to anyone.  He never even introduced himself.  He was very rude when asking questions and I am dealing with a very scary issue.  I would reccomend find someone else.  	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
37	1	excellant doctor, on time all the time, easy to understand, wondrfull staff,very freindly,good side manners,vry knowlogable,answer all our questions,avialable all the time,strongly recomands him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
37	-1	I've never been able to communicate with this doctor; he's always got to &quot;leave town&quot;.  He claimed to be a Myasthenia Gravis specialist, but after four years of neglect, avoidance, and lack of communication, he's finally told me that I may &quot;need to see a specialist&quot;.  The level of incompetency Karim carries is exhausting.  He never orders prescriptions when he's supposed to, he never follows up unless he's hounded for days, he's always incommunicado, and never returns calls.  If anyone in the Lafayette area is looking for a good doctor needs to focus their efforts on AVOIDING Dr. Wael Karim.  If not for other doctors able to pull his slack in my time of crisis, I very well would have died in the ER just before my appointment with Karim which he didn't keep, because he had to &quot;leave town,&quot; which was a lie. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	Dr. Katz was a pleasure to work with.  His demeanor was exactly what I want looking for, and his knowledge of spine and back problems really educated me as to what I needed to do to correct my issues.  When selecting a surgeon, I want someone who understands the latest medical technologies and who can do the least invasive operation possible.  Dr. Katz explained very well what needed to be done and how soon I could be back to work.  Now, I am scheduled to fix my problems with a procedure called a Microscopic Discectomy, and I will be back to work in no time.  His website,http://westsideortho.comis very educational and has lots of reference materials, videos and illustrations.  I highly recommend Dr Ralph Katz if you are having ANY back problems.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	1	 	2	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	Everyone in the office was absolutely wonderful!  They keep to the schedule without making you feel rushed!  Dr. Kirzner makes sure you understand the process and are completely at ease.  I had pain when I walked in and felt immediate relief after my visit.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
41	-1	Doctor refused to see me because I forgot my insurance card. I had the insurance company on the phone and they wanted to tell them that they authorize the visit and will pay, but the receptionist refused to talk to them. This doctor's office is all about the money, not relieving suffering.  	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Humana
42	1	Extremely thorough 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
43	-1	Bad bedside mannor, unprofessional, if your spouse is reciving  treatment from this woman what you think or what you might feel is out the window. She is the doctor, your questions about any detailed plans of how the treatment will play out or any request that you might have are simply a wast of your breath &amp; a wast of her time. She does not care... And if you question her you will see the deer in the headlight eyes,, run that was your warning, don't fall for it, get out while you can and do not give her permission to preform surgery. As you can tell I have no respect for this person. And yes that is from experience. 	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	LOVE her so much! She is a wonderful person and doctor. The staff is amazing and so friendly. Had two children with her practice (one with Dr Padgett and one with Dr Kennedy...LOVE them BOTH!) and we had to move out of state.  Very sad to leave them!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	1	I really liked Dr. King. She made me feel at ease with everything that was going on and I had complete confidence in her 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	Went to Dr King originally for issues that resulted in surgery.  Ultimately I thought that I needed a 2nd opinion from another ENT - wish I hadn't.  She's great and will spend as much time as you like discussing your issues, reviewing details of CT scans, etc.  My second opinion doc walked in, said, &quot;CT Looks ok to me&quot; and left.  Glad to have Dr King.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
45	-1	horrible experience.  Went in to finally treat myself for my  50th bd.  Wanted my jowls lifted.  she recommended I have a thread lift, cheek implants, eyelid surgery, and a forehead lift.  Well I still have my jowls, just as bad and I now have from the surgery a damaged nerve in my lip, which causes it to not have feeling (very annoying feeling).  And I have these crazy bumps under one eye and a skin tag thingy on bottom of other eye (both of which I did not have before she operated on me).  They said they would fix the problems, but just give me the run around.  His office is extremely rude once they get your money, and actually lied to me (when I requested to cancel due to my son's illness) and told me I would not get my $500.00 back if I cancelled.  Even though it was written you could cancel at that time and recieve your deposit back.  In addition, the papers describing the procedure they were to do said exactly what would be accomplished and when I showed them this they changed it! 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	I absolutely loved my experience with Dr. Kinsley and her staff. I never felt rushed and she made me feel very comfortable from the very beginning. I will be recommending her to anyone who is in need of a plastic surgeon. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	Outstanding manners with patient. Methodical, probing, sincere. Very helpful at every visit. Takes the time to understand problems and concerns. Never rushes your visit.  	 1/24/08	5	5	5	Insurance:Veterans Administration
47	1	I agree with the LDN comments from a previous rater-- he refused to treat me if I wanted to continue with it (and it WAS helping)-- I now do the Tysabri infusion once monthly-- which I don't have any copay on, but he gets paid bundles every month from my ins.  And I don't really see any improvement, afer a year- felt better on the LDN. I see his PA every few mos. (who is VERY nice and efficient)- Have only seen him twice/year. My opinion of him is mixed. Very closed-minded and brusque- and seems to have built himself a mini-empire- a &quot;medi-mall&quot;, with lots of treatment and diagnostic facilities within his kingdom. But he is better than what I had previously, so I am holding out and hoping. I stay mostly because of his terrific PA! (other staff&#63; so-so, depending on their mood).  He knows MS, very familiar with what it does to a person-- but not so willing to venture outside of big-Pharmna (where the $'s are&#63;) 	3	4	3	4 	Insurance:Humana
47	0	Ordered tests (MRI, bone density) but did not review reports and did not discuss until I asked. Very closed minded and unwilling to think about anything that wasn't aggressively pushed by the drug companies. Wants to be considered an MS specialist but I question his motivation. Was his patient for approx 6 years but changed when he refused to acknowledge that LDN was indeed helping me (read MRI reports indicated marked improvement since starting LDN).  	4	4	2	3 	Insurance:Medicare
47	1	If you are not a textbook case, he will not likely to help you. His analytical ability may be above average among Baton Rouge doctors, but he seems to be afraid of using it. Otherwise he is agressively treating the disease once he diagnosed it. 		4	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	my kids saw both of the korabs and felt quite comfortable with them both...they explained what was going on very clearly...also my son has a delayed speech problem due to many ear infections and because he has not been retested in 3 yrs doctor has decided to retest.... just to be safe 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	1	I really was impressed by his vast knowledge and smart diagnosis..Though he has very high volume of visiting patients,he still gives each case the required time to help cure people. I LOVE getting sick to go and see him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	1	excellent, very helpful knowledgeable humanistic doctor.  nice looking too!!! he answered all my questions, i am very thankful that he is my doctor 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	1	Excellent physician. Very knowledgable about low back pain. He found out what was wrong with me.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
51	1	 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	Through, detailed exam. Explains test results very well.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
52	1	I liked Dr. Kowalski. I thought he was professional, interested, aggressive in treatment. He was very knowledgeable & I thought was one of the best doctors I had in LA.  	4	2	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
52	1	Like a lot, but when I moved to Boston I found out some of the mistakes he had made. Said I had some problems that one of the top Boston doctors says I don't. He never checked cholesterol: it went from excellent to very poor. Lots of expensive tests though. I think Boston has a much better quallity and quantity of doctors to choose from. If you are really sick, come up here. My LA Blue Cross was immediately accepted.  		2	4	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
52	1	I keep putting my foot in the grave, he keeps pulling it back out.  Doc is a genius, and he's a nice guy too! I would suggest him to anyone -- in a phrase -- he's the best! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
52	1	Takes as much time as necessary. I never feel hurried. Is available by phone. Takes an interest in me as a person. Helps in getting me into see other top quality doctors. Appointments can always be squeezed in if there is a problem. His whole staff is friendly and knowledgeable. I rate himas tops.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
53	1	I came to dr. Khoobehi for breast augmentation because I have several friends who got perfect results and recommended him to me. My initial consultation went great. He was honest, not just telling me what I wanted to hear. My pre-op consult went even better. I was terrified of surgery and both Dr. Khoobehi and his staff told me exactly what to expect and calmed my nerves completely. I left feeling great about the upcoming surgery. The operation went so smooth. I followed doctor's orders to the tee and I was never really in any pain following the surgery. It has been 2 weeks since the operation and the results are FLAWLESS!! My breasts are perfection! They are just what I wanted, exactly what I asked for and he even fixed a few minor problems I had had with my original breasts using his superb knowledge and skills with the placement of the implants. I recommend him to everyone who will listen. Truly the best in Louisiana, maybe the country. Thank you Dr. Khoobehi!! I'm so happy!! 	 3/13/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	Dr. Khoobehi &amp; his staff were very professional &amp; polite. He answered every question i had great. He took time to listen and answer everything to the best of his knowledge. He makes you feel very comfortable with talking to him. I would def. recommend him to others. 	 1/6/12	5	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	Dr. Khoobehi and his staff were amazing. My breast augmentation recovery time was minimal.  I had slight soreness with very little pain.  My breasts look and feel very natural.  I was very pleased with the results. Dr. Khoobehi was so kind and he truly has an eye for perfection. My breasts are perfect and symmetrical. He is a great surgeon. Also, I must comment on how wonderful his staff is. They were so friendly and called me several times after surgery to check on my recovery. GREAT EXPERIENCE!!!! 	 10/10/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	I had 2 sessions of smart lipo done. I am very happy with the results.  Dr. Khoobehi was professional, easy to talk to, and communicated well regarding expectations.  I would do it again in a second. 	 9/30/11	5	3	5	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	I had my silicone breast implants removed.  Dr. Khoobehi did lipo suction to my entire mid section and a tummy tuck.  He used some of the lipo fat to fill in the breast.  If I want bigger breasts I would need to return in 3 months for more injections.  When removing silicone breast implants there is a healing period before he can insert fat.  I had the surgery in February.  I am extremely pleased with the results.  I have a flat stomach now and my own breasts.  I was surprised but Dr. Khoobehi was able to do this and reconstruction of the top layer of my breasts.  Everything looks great.  I am extremely pleased with the results.  I am not pleased with how my belly button turned out but he is fixing that next week and can do it right in his office.  Dr. Khoobehi is kind and has a wonderful bedside manner.  He made me feel he was listening and interested in the results.  He agrees with me that I don't need any additional surgery as my breasts look beautiful just a little smaller. 	 9/26/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	I've had a rhinoplasty done by Dr khoobehi when I was 18, hes a great surgeon. I love my new nose, it came out great! I totally recommend him, hes an amazing plastic surgeon. 	 8/2/11	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	At 50 yrs old, I have never looked better....and I have refered numerous people to Dr. K-all who have been more than pleased with their results.  The only thing that out shines Dr. K's skills is his honesty.  If he doesnt think a certain procedure you are requesting will give you the results you are looking for, he will tell you.  I have a friend, that because of cost went to the &quot;lowest bidder&quot; (but a well known plastic surgeon in the the area)...she has regretted it ever since.  Dr.Khoobehi is a perfectionist in his work and truly cares about his patients...no other plastic surgeon in New Orleans even comes close. 	 5/21/11	5	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
53	0	first off, the doctors work came out good. my wife had a breast augmentation and we are both satisfied. Now, would i recommend him to anyone else&#63; absolutely NOT. i'm guessing English wasn't his first language- due to the fact he lacks in his communication skills. after waiting over an hour for the consultation, he then proceeded to rush through it like his dinner was on fire in another room. we get the procedure scheduled, he preforms the operation and it turns out well. a week later, we go in for the post-op follow up.Strikes 2 and 3! Let me say, the Doc was one inappropriate comment away from getting his face pounded in.women that come to you are SELF CONSCIOUS enough already, they don't need some MD prick spamming off color remarks. we were in a salon the other day. in here were a few hair-dressers who compared our experience with some of the others they heard about. wouldn't you know&#63; they all matched up. &quot;Dr. Khoobehi is VERY arrogant&quot; followed by &quot;i strongly do NOT recommend!&quot; 	5	1	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
53	-1	I went to Dr.khoobehi 4years ago for implants. I told him I wanted a full D I'm a small c. He would never tell me the size he would give me he would only tell me it's not the size of the breast, and I could always go bigger. I was never pleased since day one, when I called to get a price to get them redone he told me 8-10 thousand! No wonder he told me I could always go back to get bigger. I am now paying another doctor for him to give me what I asked for 4years ago. 	1	3	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
53	-1	I have 2 daughters who had implants here both screws up. Went back to ask him to repair he wanted an additional $8500 to correct his bad job. I pwrsonally know 4 displeased patients 	3	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
53	-1	Dr. Khoobehi made me feel horrible about myself and I left his office in tears. I have a mild case of pectus excavatum. I have also always had very small breasts. I have ALWAYS wanted breast augmentation. I went for a consult with him. I waited almost 2 hours just to see him. He didn't even introduce himself before opening the robe and telling me how bad he thought my cheat wall deformability was. He never asked me what I wanted to achieve by having surgery or my concerns. He just told me I was NOT a candidate for breast augmentation. He told me I needed a $13,000 fat graphing surgery and it MIGHT make me go up by one cup size, at the most! He also told me, &quot;If you find a plastic surgeon who tells you they can successfully give you implants, they are lying to you&quot;. I left his office in tears. I saw 3 more surgeons after that and they all told me the exact opposite. I have since had saline breast implants by a very qualified and skilled ps and they look AMAZING! Dr. K is a joke!!! 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
53	0	On two separate occassions I had botox injections.  The first time my left eye lid was slightly droopy.  I was told this was a highly unusual side affect and that it would go away.  It did after a couple of weeks.  Becasue it was considered so unusual I figured it would not happen again.  WRONG.  18 months later I went back for the same proceedure.  This time my right eye is so droopy I can barely see.  Not only is my right eye droopy but the vision muscles are weakended and my vision is impared. I look like a freak.  People think I've had a stroke.  Everything I've looked at says that droopy eye is due to poor or untrained injection technique.  the fact that it happened twice from the same doctor on two different eyes tells me that its not me, its him.  It has been 6 weeks and I still look like Forest Whitaker. Also he left both me and my friend extreemly bruised after juviderm filler.  bruises took almost 2 weeks to go away. 	4	5	3	2 	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	Dr Khoobehi is awesome. He is a great listener and very helpful with providing me with all of the information I needed for fraxel treatment. Lisa took very good care of me. The staff was super friendly. Also, I love the decor of Dr Khoobehi's practice. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	I would have to disagree with many comments that have been made. I went to the consultation for a breast implant procedure. He listened to everything i wanted, and actually told me that i did not need implants nor a lift.Of course he is in it for the money, this is his career, but hes not out just to take your money. If that was the case I would have gotten the surgery done. In my opinion great doctor and staff 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
53	-1	The absolute worst communication.  Privacy and concern for patients welfare the absolute worst!  If you like your situation discussed in the waiting area with other people you don't know you will love this office.  The last time I saw Dr Khoobehi or anyone on his staff was after a 5,500.00 procedure.  I wasn't doing very well after and returned for my follow up appointment.  I was upset and even crying during the follow up appointment.  After I left that day nobody from this office called to check on me and it's been 4 months.  I will NEVER use him again because of the lack of concern, professionalism, and communication. 	1	3	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	Did breast lift and fat injections to breast.  I am not happy with the results.   4 months after surgery breasts dropped and deflated.  It has been almost 3 years and still not pleased with results and i am looking to have another lift with small implants. 	3	3	4	3 	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	Loved him! he did a tummy tuck and lipo on my stomach area, i look great! hardly a scar!! sooooo happy! I reccomend him to everyone! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
53	0	went to him for a consult for breat augmentation. i LOVED his staff but HE was very rude. would NOT listen to what i told him i wanted and kept trying to change my mind. didnt care at all what i had to say. &amp; made me feel bad about my body as it is now. also is WAAAY more expensive then others 	5	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
53	-1	I scheduled an appt. to consult on getting a filler. I sat in the office over an hr. and was never acknowledged until I went up to the front desk and asked the receptionist how much longer I had to wait. She said maybe 15 to 30min. I left and said How unprofessional and what lack of courtesy- I came in on time for my scheduled appt and yet the dr. doesn't give me the time of day. Just b/c I'm not getting the filler today doesn't mean i won't be getting one. I had questions before getting this procedure done. They just want you're money up front and have no bedside manner. Unprofessional. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
53	-1	I went in for a breast augmentation. I was a natural 34B and wanted to go up 1 cup size. He immediately recommended that I go up to a full D. After the surgery, I ended up being a 34DD and was unhappy with the enormous size, as well as my breast being uneven. He ignored my special requests and charged me for services he did not perform. He was a nice doctor, but it did not seem to matter to him what the patient wanted. It's been 6 years since I had my surgery, and I am still unhappy with his work. 	3	3	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
53	-1	extremely rude and unprofessional and has no idea what he is talking about and on top of that showed up an hour late 	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	did good juvederm into nasolabial folds and into top lip.  looked very smooth.  good botox in forehead. 	5	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
53	0	Had breast lift and shaping done.  Looked great for a few months, then 6 months later, I am not happy with it.  Boobs flattened out and got droopy.  He says he doesn't know what happened, and it looks like I need another fix.  I paid a lot of money, he did the work, and if he doesn't know what happened, I guess I am screwed.  I cannot afford to do this again right now.  Next time I am going somewhere else to get it done right way I hope. 	4	4	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	Fat injections to face nice, but kind of lumpy after swelling went down and after 12 months.  Face not really even from one side. Maybe i should go back to get more put in. 	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
53	0	Please do not use him for injectable fillers.  He overcharges compared to other professionals for the same service, and he is not as good as the others in the area.  He is heavy-handed and overinjects resulting in deformities in some area. He doesn't like to listen when you tell him what you want.  You can see the faraway look in his eye as you talk, then he interrupts you and does what he wants, and not what you ask.   You cannot talk to him about your disappointment with his work because he will question your &quot;mental state&quot; and then turn his back on you and walk away.  It is painful to be overcharged so much money to try to look good, and then look worse than you did when you went in, and he doesn't want to acknowledge his own mistakes.  There are better doctors in the area who are more caring and not arrogant and who charge a fair price, and you actually look great when you leave their offices, compared to this person. 	3	2	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
53	-1	Staff not very good with communcation.  Do not always get back to you.  Usually I wait ~ 30 minutes to see doctor, which affects my busy schedule.  Staff not always knowledgeable and I have been given incorrect information by receptionist before.  Receptionist also pulled wrong chart when I was there and gave doctor chart of a woman with a similar last name as I have.  This caused a confusion, but i caught the error when I peeked into the chart. Also they are not forthcoming with actual charges.  I was quoted for $550 for syringe of Juvederm under eyes after consultation with Dr. But after injection, I was charged $750. When i inquired, I was told &quot;It is $200 extra for 'under the eyes.&quot;  I was disappointed because of surprise additional charge and also that I suffered with long bags and ridges under my eyes for five months before I went to dermatologist to inject enzyme to remove them.  Otherwise, he is good with Botox and good surgeon, though I am left with visible scars on breasts. 	3	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	Dr. Kancher is one of those doctors who spend time actually discussing options.  I have never waited more than a few minutes for an appointment, and have been able to reach Dr. Kancher easily after hours.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	1	Wonderful office, Great Doctor, Very thorough, and caring 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	Dr. Koobehi and his staff are the most professional medical I encountered when searching for a surgeon.  Their offices are beautiful and they make you feel welcome and at ease.  The work Dr. Koobehi performed was exemplary.  I am more than completely satisfied with my results.  He is truly a gifted surgeon. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
55	0	not very careful with fat injections to the face in my experience. Left unevenness and lumps after the swelling goes down.   a year later and still lumpy under the eyes.  What do do&#63; 	3	3	3	2 	Insurance:Unknown
55	-1	DOctor Koobehi doesn't consult with new patients he wants to get something donethe moment you see him. it's all about the money.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
55	1	I have used Dr. K for many years and he is excellent. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	I saw his ad in Health & Fitness Magazine. He is great!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
56	-1	Came to see Dr. Khan with stomach problems (gastritis). After preliminary tests showed no major issues Dr. Khan suggested biopsy and scoping. Office manager said it would cost $800. The whole amount had to be paid upfront (due to our Blue Cross Blue Shield high deductible plan&#63;). No new findings were made during and after procedure. But the total charges swelled up to close $3500 including $800 Dr Khan charges, $1000 hospital, $500 anesthesia, hundreds from labs. The end result - the same prescription drug as before, the same stomach problems, and hefty profits for the doctors, their offices, and the hospital we had to pay due to high deductible.  BEWARE OF UNNECESSARY PROCEDURES! 	3	3	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
57	-1	The staff at this office is terrible. Every time I call to make an appointment, or to ask a question, I immediately get put on hold. They answer the phone, &quot;Pediatric Associates of Shreveport please hold&quot; and put you on hold before you say one word. They also take your credit card while you are in the waiting room and do not return it until you are leaving. Dr. Kendrick does not have a good bedside manner. The last two times I've taken my baby in for a well check Dr. Kendrick kept his back to us for most of the visit. He would talk over his shoulder and ask me questions regarding my son, but didn't make eye contact. When he examined my son, he did it so quickly that if there were actually something wrong, he wouldn't have caught it. He spent all of 2 or 3 minutes in the room with us. He also told me that I should allow my 6 month old baby to cry it out during the night, because he is &quot;plenty old&quot; to be sleeping through the night. I disagree completely.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
58	-1	Her staff is rude. If you go in the morning (she only takes walk-in's), she is RARELY on time. If you come in w/2 or more concerns, she will only address 1 in order to bill you/insurance comp./medicaid for repeated visits. If you're paying cash, these charges add up!! She has often misdiagnosed conditions and patients have to see another doctor in order to get treated, wasting time &amp; money for the patient.  	2	1	2	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
58	1	Walk-in, sign in, wait 30 minutes to an hour and you get checked out. it's great for holy-crap-I'm-sick-type sicknesses that need to be addressed on the day-of.  	5	1	4	5 	Insurance:Anthem
59	-1	Very frogetful from visit to visit.  Had to repeat issues over and over again.  Did not answer calls when he initiated and became irritable when he had to answer the call.  Should not be dealing with the public.  Took many comments out of context and used them to justify a position.  Seemed more of a spin doctor than a psychologist getting to facts. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	I can not say enough good things about this doctor!  He made ALL the difference in my daughter's quality of life.  He spent a lot of time talking and asking questions in our appointment and then he followed up with calls at home.  I really felt like he cared about what happened to my baby and he wanted her to get better.  I recommend him every chance I get.  He's just such a great doctor. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	I would strongly recommend Dr. Khoshoo, very thorough and accurate. Professional experience is obvious from his mannerisms with small children. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	Dr Khoshoo is very kid friendly. He takes the time to explain everything to me that I need to know and he is very thorough. He takes tests before just assuming that he knows what is wrong and end up treating my child for the wrong ailment. 		1	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	She is a vaery good doctor and I'm pleased with her work. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
62	-1	When one goes to a Dr. for emotional &amp; mental problems they don't need a COLD, HEARTLESS, DR. !!! This man has an ice berg for a heart.  	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
62	-1	Dr. Kessel is a terrible doctor.  He was cold and insensitive.  He didn't listen to me.  I have since found another psychiatrist that was great and helped me with my problems.  	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
62	-1	Arrogant in his attitude, perfunctory, couldn't see what was right in front of him but basically just used the chart and wrote prescriptions, even freaked out at innocent remarks. 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
62	-1	This Dr. has been insensitive to me when I have gone to him for help. His behavior with me has left me after a recent visit - shaken & more nervous than when I entered his personal office. There has never been counseling...only a writing of prescriptions with complaints from him about having to write them!!! He has made me feel unworthy of his attention.  I am looking for a new psychiatrist before I allow myself to be treated the way he did on the last 2 visits! 	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
63	1	Both of my sons have been going to Dr. Kerley since birth. She is an awesome doctor!! She takes her time and explains everything and anytime i need something and the answering service pages her. She never acts like its a bother.  I wouldn't trade doctors for anything!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
64	1	Kappel has been my Dr. for 15+ yrs. He is amazingly good with children, teens, and adults. im actually holding to get an appointment with him now. BTW the ONLY reasoni gave him a four in being on time is because he serves so many clients hes bound to be 5-10 mins late. Other then that GREAT GREAT GREAT.  and I'll be seeing him tomorrow at 10:30 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
65	1	It takes a few visits for Dr. Kongara to &quot;warm up.&quot;  But in my experience he is VERY insightful, and has helped me even when finances were an issue.  He is *NOT* a warm-fuzzy type doctor, but he partners with a warm-fuzzy counselor if you want that. 	4	3	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
65	-1	. Very poor care 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
66	-1	Inconsistent from one conversation to the next.  He needs to be more informative in his conversations with his patients.   Doctor spent 5 min with patient after she having been to the emergency room with problems.   Needs to improve his bedside manners.   Staff lost paperwork.  	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
67	1	Very personable. Listens well. Spends time asking and answering questions.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	1	Dr. Kleinpeter is the best doctor I have ever had.  When I walk into his office I feel as though I am comfortable enough to talk to him about anything, he has the best bedside manner I have ever seen before!  He has been my doctor for over ten years now, and I will never switch!! He takes his time with me in the exam room, and answers any questions I have.  Hats off to Dr.  K and all of his staff!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	1	Dr Kleinpeter is the Best. His bedside manor is Great!!....  Have you ever had your doctor escort you to the hospital and hold your hand during admission until your husband gets there&#63;&#63; I have!! Dr Kleinpeter goes above and beyond and for that I will forever sign his praise!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
68	-1	Dr. Kleinpeter delivered our baby and shoved gauze pads with forceps into my wife's rectum because he did not want to smell her feces. REALLY&#63; Please change professions if you don't care to give the best care to your patients.  	2	3	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	1	Delivered my first, and did very well.  Currently seeing him for my third.  (Our second was born in Lake Charles.)  I was very pleased in his frankness, confindence, and kindness.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	1	Dr. K delivered my son 3 years ago and I am now 29 weeks pregnant and under his care. My husband and I both think he is a great doctor, I had Fifth's Disease when pregnant with my son and Dr. K probably saved his life. I really can't say enough nice things about him... he is like a friend and makes me feel completely comfortable. He always takes time to listen to my questions and concerns. I was really surprised to read an unfavorable review about him on here...he must have been having a REALLY bad day because that is not his normal behavior at all! Two thumbs up for Dr.  Kleinpeter!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	-1	I waited 4 months to get in to see him.  I was looking forward to my appt. because I'd heard such great things about him, but I was very disappointed.  He barely spent any time with me, and when I asked for a specific kind of birth control, he said neither he nor any of his partners could prescribe it.  Apparently, he doesn't do diaphragm fittings at all and won't prescribe them for his patients.  Instead, he sent me out with a pamphlet on a different kind of hormonal birth control that, according to the pamphlet, isn't recommended for me and one I told him I didn't want.  He also wouldn't refer me to another doctor who could provide what I was requesting.  He walked out on me in mid-sentence.  I had to find another doctor and make an appointment with him to get what I went in to see him for.  Frustrating and very disappointing. 	5	2	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	Loved the bed side manner. He delivered my sisters 1st and my 2nd child. Very knowledgable. I will not be going to any other OB/GYN. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	Dr. K is very down to earth and attentive. He will spend as much time listening and offering advice as needed.  He rocks! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
68	1	Dr. K. is awesome. I would recommend him to anyone...........he is very good looking also.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	1	Dr. Kleinpeter is also a fertility specialist. We - and our new baby son - highly recommend him. He is one of the best doctors I've ever been to. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	Dr. Kevill is knowledgeable, kind, and caring.  My child loves him and insists we go to tell him &quot;hello&quot; whenever we are visiting another doctor in the same office building.  Wish there were more doctors like him around! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
70	-1	.  	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:Medicare
70	-1	made jokes about my condition with other doctors.left me in cast too long causing carpal tunnel in wrist .i went to another doctor to correct his mistakes. i changed plans to get away from this so called dr.  	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:Medicare
71	1	I had my breast surgey in October 1993. Now, 18 years later, I am still very happy with everything Dr. Knight did for me and the way the payment was handled as well! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
71	1	he did a breast augmentation on me after two other plastic surgeons thought it would be too difficult 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
71	1	I had mommy makeover and my result were amazing! I would do over in a heart beat. Plus everyone was so very nice. I didnt have sweeling in my stomach my breast look amazing. The staff and surgical center were very nice and caring. It was a very pleasant experience which sounds odd b/c you would think it was painful. My stomach only burned a little and my breast did hurt near as bad as I had read, there were more sensitive than anything. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
71	1	Staff and physician very knowledgeable and professional. Made me feel very comfortable and I had an excellent result with my breast augmentation. He has the reputation of being the best breast and body contouring surgeon in the area and after my experience and those of my friends that have seen him I understand why. His fees are reasonable also, SIGNIFICANTLY LESS than what the Wall Center charges. Overall very very happy and would recommend highly. Don't understand the comments in the other review. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	He is so professional and concerned.  I like the fact that he asks the right questions, but is not an alarmist.  He has experience, but is up-to-date on newest research and findings. 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	Wonderful doctor.  Busy, but you would never know it by the personal attention he gives you.  I have recommended him to several friends and they have recommended him also.  That says it all.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
73	1	Came recommended and I now see why. He delivered both my girls and also performed my surgery. Great.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
73	1	I have been going to Dr. Kennedy for over 20 years.   He is great!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
73	1	Very professional. Attentive & personable. I felt very comfortable. Everyone in the office was wonderful. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
74	-1	I can only reason that the dr. was uninterested in my parents needs.  he was uncooperative and unavailable for questions i needed towards the end of my fathers life.  he looked liked he would be there for my family, but he wasn't.  	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Aetna
75	1	Dr. Kiernan is the most compassionate doctor we have dealt with.  He is very thorough and takes a great deal of time with his patients.  I have never felt rushed during visits and have never had trouble getting in to see him.  Also, he KNOWS my kids- not just their diagnosis and records, but their personalities.  He knows how to talk to them, reassure them, explain to them.  My kids actually look forward to seeing him! When my son was facing a very unusual diagnosis, it was Dr. Kiernan who devoted himself to finding the right specialist and the right care for him.   We feel extremely blessed to have him in our corner! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
76	0	My impression of him was that he was rude, uncaring, and lazy.  	3	3	2	3 	Insurance:Humana
77	0	I used to like this DR till i b/c his patient for a few yrs.  He's not very compassionate &amp; is NOT as friendly as he seems 	 9/28/11	4	3	2	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
77	1	I really like this DR.  He's got a wonderful bedside manner & has a lot of compassion for his patient 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
78	1	He is a great doctor and accusations listed in previous rating are all false and looks that it is based on personal attack related to his religion.  It is not based on his capabilities and knowledge as an outstanding doctor but rather reflecting the rater's animosity and unfairness. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
79	-1	not too knowledgeabl on the basic 	2	5	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	Very good doctor. He is very professional and responsible. He was able to come up with the right diagnosis and provided excellent followup.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
80	-1	.  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Humana
81	1	I saw Dr. King from when I was 10 to when I was about 14 for scoliosis. He is an amazing doctor. He's extremely knowledgeable yet down-to-earth. He truly cares about his patients and their families. I ended up needing surgery to correct my scoliosis. I can honestly say that I would not have trusted any other doctor to perform my surgery. Aside from his practice, he is a professor at LSU's medical school &amp; he also conducts research on scoliosis &amp; other areas in orthopedics. I could not have asked for a better doctor. I HIGHLY recommend him. If you see him, you are truly receiving premium care.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
82	1	Dr. Koppel haa always been extremely helpful during my office visits.  He is very knowledgeable and takes time to listen to what I have to say.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
82	1	I have been very happy with Dr. Koppel. He is always been very caring and helpful. He is a good listener and is concerned about his patients.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unicare
82	0	Doug was more helpful in explaining medical conditions than other derms I had been to but was unsuccessful in treating my condition. Also, every time I visited the office I was seen excessively late (1+ hours after the appointment time). When approached about this Doug was rude, suggested that he always ran this late, and said that if I wanted to be seen on time I should get the first appointment of the day. 	1	1	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
83	1	Dr. Kahn is a great doctor.  Been seeing him for years now.  He is very patient and will sit and listen to your issues.  He really seems to care about your wellbeing.  He even waited with me after hours to get test results.  Can't imagine many other doctors would do that!  Highly recommended.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
83	1	very helpful, checked out all complaints, really listened and was concerned about my wellbeing. Very kind. He gave me a complete exam and was very good diagnostician. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	One hard working and knowledgeable woman! My husband and I both go to her and she really is great at her job and with patients.   Outstanding staff! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
84	1	Quick, business - like but personable. 	5	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
85	-1	THIS DOCTOR IS UNCARING AND CALLOUS TOWARDS HER PATIENTS - I AM A NURSE WHO UNFORTUNATELY HAS WORKED WITH HER. SHE IS RUDE AND WILL NOT COMMUNICATE WITH THE NURSES OR RESP THERAPISTS ON HER CASES. SHE SIMPLY DOES NOT CARE IF THE PATIENTS LIVE OR DIE 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
85	-1	I went to this doctor to find out why I could not get rid of a cough. she said I had asthma and kept increasing the dosages to the max and I still had a cough. I finaaly went to someone else and found out I was at transfusion level on my iron. I had Cancer! 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
86	-1	.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unicare
86	-1	This doctor did such a poor job on my mother's femoral bypass that it took a plastic surgeon two additional surgeries to try to correct the problem.  THEN after finding a lump in her breast this doctor put my 72 year old mother under general anesthesia with a half-day stay in the hospital for a needle biopsy!!  This is a 30-second procedure typically done in the doctor's office.  I feel like he milked Medicare by putting her in the hospital for such a minor procedure.  General anesthesia should not be taken as lightly as this &quot;doctor&quot; apparently takes it.  I would not send my dog to him, nor will my mother ever cross his doorstep again.  	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
86	-1	My father went to this  doctor in 2008 with constipation problems test revealed that he had a hernia and he was admitted to Oschner Hospital for surgery Dr. Minnard   found a very dilated almost ischemic sigmoid colon the hernia was repaired and he was then closed up. Ten days later my father returned back to Oschner Hospital with severe abdominal pain fever and vomiting further test concluded that the same problem noted in his records ten days earlier was the cause of his pain but by this time the sigmoid colon was necrotic during this surgery his colon bursted and he developed sepsis and died three days later.. I don't think  Dr. Mark Kappleman isn't a very good  doctor due to this problem not being addressed sooner. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
86	-1	Do not use this ****. During Laparoscopic surgery on my dad this doctor nicked my dads intestine with one of his instruments which caused him to cut my dad in the shape of an upside down T, 4 inches across the belly button and up 6 inches, in order to repair the nick. After the surgery he told my family, his gallbladder was inflamed so I had to cut him. Later we learned, by mistake, the real reason the doctor cut my dad was to repair the damage he caused to my dads intestine. 	3	3	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	Greatest Doctor of all time. He helped my son and I immensely. Also a great human being.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
87	1	. very concerned, and spent the time to explain things to my mother, husband, and myself 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
88	1	Dr. Kidd is very helpfull and goes over all options to treat my problems.  I am very happy with him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
88	1	very effective physician, answered my questions, spent as much time as i needed. He was the most caring physician I have ever been to. Highly recommend him for any irnary problem.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
88	1	I have never had a doctor so kind and yet so helpful to my needs! he knew what was wrong and took care of it right away! He had great manners and was very kind! He had a great attitude and you can tell he loves what he does! You can tell he is a doctor to help as many people as he can! he answered all my questions and helped out in every way! i would recommend Dr. Robert Kidd to everyone!!! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	Really felt comfortable knowing he was reviewing my case. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
90	-1	He was rude and impatient. One of his staff members even said he is worse to his staff. He would scream and curse at them during surgery. I immediately left Dr. Kim and got a new &quot;professional&quot; doctor. I would not recommend 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	Best doctor ever. He is kind, punctual  professional and extremely skilled. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	Dr. Khanfar is the best pediatrician you will ever find. He is knowledgable and patient. I never feel rushed - even if I ask a hundred questions! He offers great advice, is wonderful with the children and very nice. His office is open on Saturdays and they can always work me in even at a moments notice. He offers a well baby waiting room as well. He is simply the BEST. You will not regret choosing him as your pediatrician.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
92	1	Dr.Kablinger is the most kind-hearted doctor I have ever met. She is real and she cares.  My mom died recently and she has helped me through my greiving process. She truly is a gem.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
92	1	Dr. Kablinger is a doctor with old fashioned principles. A rare gem in todays fast paced world. She not only sees patients at LSU but also teaches,is head of student training, does talk shows and helps out in crises such as the New Orleans disaster. She still sees neighbours next door, I know because I have been there, and takes food to patients who have none for Thanksgiving. She will write back to patients who need to hear from someone and I appreciated that. Dr. Kablinger is a blessing to all her patients. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
93	1	Dr Kenny caught an irregularity on my electrocardiogram. At his urging I took a stress test which led to an angiogram and 3 stents. Probably saved me from a heart attack.  Good diagnostics is what makes a great family doctor! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
94	1	He is the main Dr. i feel comfortable with ,pretaining to my illness. He is up front with any Question have. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
94	1	VERY NICE, KIND AND KNOWLEDGABLE. sTAFF IS GREAT, GONZALES LOCATION 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
95	-1	Not somebody I'd recommend to anyone. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
96	1	Dr.Knight spent a lot of time with me and answered all of my questions.  He has a very good reputation as a vascular surgeon.  I recommend him without reservation. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
97	-1	He does not spend much time with me and is curt and too fast to see next patient.  I have been underminded when examined as if nothing was wrong.  The staff is not very friendly, and he does not  work you in for a visit if it is an urgent situuation.  He and staff are very defensive  when asking questions about procedures and diagnosis.  	2	2	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
97	1	I love this Dr. He is the best!! He always makes you feel that your concerns are important, and never makes me feel rushed. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
97	1	Wonderful bedside manner. Very smart. Very professional. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
98	-1	This doctor has no bedside manner she talk to you like i'm not a person.  	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
99	-1	does not care about patients.  does not care about wait time in office or patient's schedule 	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
99	1	good listner 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
