dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	I saw Dr. Carver for a few years before he switched to MDVIP. He is warm, funny, personable, an excellent listener, and very insightful. He looked at &quot;the big picture&quot; and I had excellent results from his insights and treatment. We were sad when he switched to MDVIP, which we can't afford. That said, if you're willing and able to pony up the yearly $1500, he is the person I would recommend. His nurses have always been professional and kind but I agree with the poster below about the front desk staff- I rarely felt I was treated well when I called to schedule an appointment and was spoken to with dismissive irritation at times when I didn't feel it was warranted. But we took it in stride because we felt he did give exceptional service.  	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
1	-1	So far each of the visits to their office has been less quality than I expected. The receptionist has NEVER greeted us as we entered, but instead she has continued her conversation while I waited to tell them my name.  	2	4	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	1	This physician has now joined MDVIP.  Patients are required to pay $1500 per year to remain in his practice.  Very unfortunate, he WAS a very good doctor. 	4	2	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	I absolutely LOVE Dr. Carver, he is patient, thorough, kind and professional.  I highly recommend him to anyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	1	the best.  always in good mode.  Never makes me feel like he's in a rush to get on to the next patient.  genuinely cares about my comfort and health.  would strongly recommend.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	1	He has been my physician for 7 years now and I highly recommend him.  He is very personable and seems to genuinely care about what is going on with my health.  He never seems to be in a hurry to get me in and out of the room - he listens until I am finished.  I moved out of state for 2 years and when I returned, he remembered everything about my medical history.  His staff speaks very highly of him as well.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
1	1	As others have said, very good doctor, takes time to talk and really cares about your situation. As with most doctors offices you have to wait in the waiting room then wait in the patient room for a long time, but I have had that with every doctor.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	1	Great doctor! Explains condition and treatment info very well. Gives impression he really cares and is also a good listener which is very hard to find. Does not make you feel you have been rushed through the office. Takes is time to give the care and advice you need. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	Very helpful, listens to me and is concerned about my health. At times, he is behind with his appointments, however, he never seems to be in a hurry when he sees me. He immediately sits down, smiles, and wants to know what I need. I have had a medical incident that has required several appointments and he always seems concerned about me. He recommends follow up appointments and never makes me feel foolish for asking questions and making comments. I had trouble with the front desk receptionist getting her to transfer me to his nurse. When I mentioned this to him, he gave me his nurse's direct line so I did not have to call the front desk. He is an extremely caring and patient doctor. I wish all doctors had his personality and his ability to work with patients.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
1	1	I agree with everything previous poster said. He is a great doctor.  		3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
1	1	One of the best doctors I have ever had. Always happy and smiling, always sits down when he comes in the room showing that he is willing to sit and talk and take the time to listen to all of your concerns. Highly recommend.  		2	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	1	Kind, skilled, interested, provided personal follow-up. Helpful staff.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
2	-1	I scheduled an appointment and could only get in for my consultation 3 months later. When I went to the consultaion I had to wait 45 minutes and then the doctor and nurses did not say much of anything. I scheduled my surgery for 3 more months from then. After taking off work and making many arrangements they called me 3 days before the surgery to tell me all the doctors had a very important conference to go to so they had rescheduled my appointment for the next week. I could not make the appointment they had made for me so they gave me a date 2 months later. Needless to say I found another doctor.  I know things come up but they had no regard for me and my incovenience. I would not reccommend this doctor because of all the time I have wasted with them. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	Dr. Carlton has fit me in the same day I called for different dental issues (one time my wisdom tooth abscessed into my sinus cavity).  He's super!  I found him to be professional, timely, knowledgable and friendly.  I completely recommend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	1	Both the Dr and his staff were very professional, and treated me kindly. The surgery was rough, but him and his staff took care of me, and he was available and answered my pre surgery, and follow up questions.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
2	-1	My mother recently had oral surgery. She woke up during the procedure and had a lot of pain. He yelled at her when she woke up. He is not very professional. I would not recommend him to anyone. Therefore, I give him a very poor rating. It is not her fault she woke up during the procedure. Also, after she got home and had bleeding for two days she noticed a puncture gash in the bottom of her gum, that was not stitched. He did not tell her it was there. He did not apologize for his accountability with this. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
3	-1	I had many appointments with this man and he never told me what my diagnosis was.  I was keep waiting for hours (I think they forgot about me) He would never speak directly to me only the person I was with for these appointments.  He cost me and my insurance alot of money, alot of pain and I am still trying to get a correct diagnosis of my problem.  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	-1	Asked me to tell my husband he was dying. Was that MY job&#63; NO, I don't think so.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	-1	My surgery was unsuccessful after being treated for a pilonoidal cyst. If you go to her with this particular condition, make sure you request to leave the wound OPEN, and pack the wound, rather than having it sowed back up.. I believe that's the reason why my surgery was unsuccessful.  	4	5	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	I HAVE BEEN USING DR. CHICO FOR SEVERAL MONTHS AND AM REALLY PLEASED, SHE IS VERY KNOWLEDGABE AND HAS BEEN THOUROUGH ON ALL MY READINGS, CHANGING MY MEDS AS NEEDED. I AM VEY THANK-FUL THAT I AM GOING TO HER.  WOULD RECOMEND HER TO ANY ONE.  L.L.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthFirst
6	1	Dr. Gulino is wonderful. Wait times are very short and she always spends more than enough time with you. She never makes you feel like she is in a hurry to move on to the next patient. She also responds to email, which is great when you need to ask a non-urgent question. I recommend her 100%. We have also seen Dr. West, and she is great as well.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
6	1	I love Dr. Gulino and so does my daughter. She is, BY FAR, the best pediatrician I have encountered and is one of the few doctors that I've known that actually CARES about the physical and emotional wellbeing of her patient. Waits are usually very brief and sick and well waiting rooms are separate. The staff is great, as is the doctor that she shares her practice with. If you have kids and live in Livingston or Acension Parish, go see Dr. Gulino. You will not regret it.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
6	1	Dr. Gulino is very knowledgable and very caring with an extraordinary bedside manner. I live more than 30 miles from her office and still make the trip to see her. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	Very attentive and knowlegdable.  Takes time to listen and explains things clearly so you can understand.  Great personality.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
7	1	great doctor.  very personable.  paid 115 for the visit and two shots without insurance. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	I saw dr. Capone at meadowcrest in gretna. It was the worst experience I have ever had with a dr. He was not personable at all, did not shake hands, make eye contact, and downright demeaning. As I listed my childs symptoms he mocked me and questioned what I was saying. I can deal with him being arrogant and unprofessional but he also forgot to write an rx for anti biotics which we had to go back to pick up. 	5	1	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	DR CAPONE IS THE BEST, I HEARD HE IS LEAVING IS CURRENT LOCATION. I HAVE BEEN UNABLE TO FIND WHERE HE IS RELOCATING TO. IF ANYONE KNOWS PLEASE POST IT HERE. I REALLY WANT TO CONTINUE WITH HIM AS MY BABY'S DOCTOR.acanatella@yahoo. com 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
8	1	I meet Dr.Capone after Hurr.Katrina he is one of the best. He has been GREAT with my three children, I highly recommend him to anyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
8	1	Dr. Capone has been a great help with all 3 of my children but especially with my youngest son. He had a long and hard illness which no one could define. Dr. Capone was relantless in trying to help. God love him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	1	I love this doctor!! Dr. Capone is the best doctor I've had for my daughter. He listens and takes his time you don't feel like your being rushed out his office. He checks my daughter from head to toe. I highly recommend Dr. Capone! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	I was referred to Dr. Capone by a friend after moving to the Mandeville area recently. As a nurse, I know the importance of health care and the difficulty involved with finding a MD that is knowledgeable and caring. Dr. Kenneth Capone is a pediatrician that I trust and respect. He is highly recommended. His nurse, Tracey, is also the best and they make a great medical pair. You will not be disappointed.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
8	1	Very thorough. Friendly bedside manner. Doesnt just stick my kid on antibiotics to shut me up -- he treats each child individually. I have moved a great bit due to my husbands career and we have seen many different pediatricians. This is the only pediatrician that I have had 100% trust in. When we move again (if that should happen), I would like to take this pediatrician with me. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	Dr.Capone is the best. I found him through a reccomendation by another doctor after hurricane Katrina, and I am so glad I did! I have four kids and he is great with all of them.He is extremely thorough and he really listens to parents' input. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	I love this doctor. Since we've moved back to the new orleans area, I travel from Chalmette just so my children can get wonderful care.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
8	1	We just love Dr. Capone. Dr. Capone was actually my pediatrician and now my 4 year old sees him. We too travel from Baton Rouge to see Dr. Capone since Katrina.  We're just not ready to think about finding another doctor! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
8	1	My kids (and I) adore this man! In fact, after being evacuated due to Hurricane Katrina -- we tracked him down (due to his relocation also) and now travel a distance to continue seeing him.  		3	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
9	1	Outstanding service.  Nervous breakdown and she brought me out of it.  Adjusted meds with each visit until I really feel great.  Six years of really good care. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	Dr. Ceasar is very kind, compassionate and was able to help me within my first visit. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	Dr. Caesar is very compatible with me for my needs for panic attacks and my need for diazepam.The office staff could use a little improving.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
9	-1	I agree she dropped me also. I only seen her a few times. I called to check on my appointment and I was notified that she was no longer seeing me with no excuse from her just office personel. She left me hanging without any prescription refills or a letter or phone call. I must go without my medicine for a month and I just had a serious auto accident. Don't waste your time on this one. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
9	-1	She made an appointment with me, then after I waited for at least an hour she decided she was not going to see me at all because I saw another doctor in that office before. She really inconvenienced me and upset me even more than I already was from my father's recent death.  	 10/15/08	1	1	1	Insurance:Coventry
10	1	She is a great doctor who really knows her stuff but man, be prepared to wait. I had to wait an hour past my scheduled appoinment time to see her but when I did see her she was not rushing to see me and get me out of the way. I would highly recommend her just be prepared to wait so bring a book! 		1	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	I thought overall, he was a wonderful doctor who was willing to sit and talk about what was actually wrong with you and really cared. Was very friendly and helpful. Staff overall was nice and had a smile on there face.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
11	1	He is a very good doctor. The staff is always so nice and helpful and understanding.  I recommend him to anyone needing a good doctor.  	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
11	1	This was my first visit and the staff and Dr. Calhoun were very patient and friendly. I had not been to the Doctor in a couple of years. I turned 50 and insurance paid for a full check-up. I strongly recommend. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	Dr. Calhoun seems to be very knowledgeable and is nice, but his office staff is very rude and has caused me to seek another doctor.  The doctor's staff is very important as these are the first people you see when going to the doctor.  They can have a very positive impact or a very negative impact on how the patient views the doctor's office experience. 	1	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	Good Doctor if you a have cold or etc. But will not administer no pain medicine if your in pain. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	I had been treated for Afib for years by another cardiologist. As my condition got worse with age, medication no longer controlled the Afib. He refused ablation therapy and said I would have to live with it. Found out that the Cleveland Clinic is the top cardiac hospital in the country. Dr. Civello is Cleveland trained where he was the Chief Electrophysiology Fellow. He performed the ablation and put me on new meds. No more Afib. He changed my life. Best doctor I have ever had. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	He's compassionate and knowledgeable.  Dr. Civello is very willing to listen to you as a patient.  He draws cool pictures to help you visualize the way your heart is working and identify what problem you're having.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
13	1	Dr. K is the best.  I've been through 7 or so other Physicians and he is very straight and to the point.  Thanks Dr. K.   R.D.D. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	Dr Cahill as well as his staff make you feel like you are their only patient.  He takes the time to review with you all the things that have gone on since your last visit, answer all your questions and if he cannot help you he will find a doctor that can. He is the best, as a matter of fact my mother and my daughter are also his patients. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	Dr. Kelly is one of the best Doctors I've seen in Lafayette, right behind Dr. Rogers.  He doesn't keep you waiting, reviews all of your other doctor's results and really cares. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	Finally a Doctor that I understand. Every visit is great with little wait time. I can't tell you how nice it is. Hope he stays around for a while. Thank you Doc for taking Tricare and supporting our military. Can't say the same for many doctors in our area. Highly recommend.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
13	1	What an incredible experience.  The doctor took his time and answered all of my questions.  The wait time was short, and his staff were very polite.  I've never had a doctor's appointment like this before.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	I was actually the patient, not the patient's parent, of this doctor. He handled my primary care for the first 25 years (yes, 25!) of my life. In all that time, I don't have a single bad memory about him. I've always felt completely safe and comfortable with him, but boy those hands are cold! Word to the wise, he has a twin brother, Kenneth Capone, who is also a doctor, so if you choose him as your child's doctor, don't be surprised if your pharmacy tries to call the wrong brother. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	My daughter has been seeing Dr. Capone since she was two weeks old. We all love him. He is very personable, and informative and always takes the time to interact with the child and parents.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	I concur with the first commentor above - Dr. Keith is wonderful with parents and children and very respectful of parents choices about childcare - breastfeeding, homebirthing, etc. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	Dr. Keith Capone has a wonderful bedside manner. My children and I find him sincere, compassionate and caring while at the same time, easy going and funny. He relates well to children of all ages and their parents. Having gone to him for 9 years, I highly reccommend him as a very thorough, confidence-inspiring pediatrician.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	0	Not a very good personality. His pediatrician brother (Kenneth) is a charmer and has a much better bedside manner. Both are very knowledgeable, however Dr. Keith is not as thorough as Dr. Kenneth Capone.  		3	2	4 	Insurance:Humana
15	1	Excellent Emergency Doctor, the services care and concern for the family he provided was ooutstanding 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	-1	i got run over by some idiot while riding my motorcycle.  i had to be taken to the emergency room (at a hospital that i also do not care for), where i received care from this moron.  first off, he insisted that i NOT receive a cat scan.  after arguing with him that my daddy died of a head injury, and also that you could see on my helmet that my head got ponged on the pavement, he did order the cat scan.  i suppose he's either stupid, or was pissed off that i demand a cat scan, but he told me that the excruciating pain in my shoulder was a pulled muscle and i was sent home.  the next day (today) i went to another hospital, where i was told that my broken shoulder blade stuck out like a sore thumb.  so... he either can't read x-rays, or is a vindictive idiot.  one way or another, don't use this doctor if you can help it. 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
16	-1	NOt unusual to sit in waiting room for at least l hour and then sit in exam room for another hour. Dr spends more time telling personal stories than on pts.  very curt and impersonal 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	He has done 2 surgerys on me and I am doing well it has been 5 years and had no problems I would recomend him to everyone , he is the best . 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	Insurance company not listed.  Excellent, knowledgable doctor.  Staff is very friendly.  He has operated on my son as well as myself and close friends.  I would highly recommend him. 	5	1	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	He is an excellent doctor. Had a very pleasant experience. Even though sometimes the wait is a little long, he is very knowledgeable and takes his time with you.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
17	1	Wonderful staff and experience.  Always feel comfortable when I go and all questions are answered.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
17	1	Dr. Caillet is absolutely the best OBGYN I have had.  I would rate him in the top 5% of any type of doctor.  He is very detailed, informative, and will answer any concerns with the pros and cons. He listens to you fully before answering and is empathetic.  I am never rushed at an office visit and feel extremely comfortable to discuss problems with him.  I will continue to see him as long as I live in the area and he is practicing.   I would highly recommend him! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	Staff was very helpful and Dr. Caillet took time with me and was very helpful.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	While the front office staff could have been a little more personable, the nurse, doctor, and check-out personnel were great! This doctor actually listens to patiens and doesn't rush things. He is often delayed getting to your exam room, but that is likely because he doesn't like to rush people. Its worth waiting to know that he won't rush you either. Dr. Caillet is empathetic and talks &quot;with&quot; his patients instead of at them.  Good at researching alternative methods of dealing with an issue! He even got a pharmaceutical company to foot the bill for what I needed at no cost to me! Great experience, and I would recommend him to anyone who was looking for female healthcare providers! 	3	4	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	-1	I came to 2 apts, both w what I wanted to share w the Dr. &amp; a couple of questions written down so I wouldn't forget. *Neither* time was I able to do so. One time I asked him if I could share what I wanted to before he examined me. At the start of the 2nd sentence, he put his hand INSIDE me (just after I asked him to wait) &amp; proceeded to start talking. I was never able to read (again) what I brought to share. Horrible bed-side manner. No regard for the patient's intellect or wisdom about their own body and experience or previous Dr's findings. Zero listening skills. Lacking in kindness or empathy of any kind. Find another Dr. There are *plenty* of Dr's in the world who will listen to you and work as a TEAM to determine what is going on and what is best for your care. I also left sobbing. He never once called to follow up, cared in the least that I was in such distress or considered my opinion or thoughts of the least regard. Horrible, horrible experience. 	5	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	Dr. Cazayoux is a wonderful doctor however the staff and answering service is horrible. The answering service is completely rude every time you call and are not willing to help. The lady at the front desk, not sure of her name but she's always the person there, she is completely rude, always with a nasty look on her face and had a big attitude. When I had to change my appointment it seemed to be a problem considering she ripped up the card and threw it before filling out another one. She never greets you she is just never happy to be there. Also a big problem is the office opens at 8:00 and they never start answering the phones till around 8:30. It's constantly rolling over to the rude answering service. They open at 8:00, the phones should be on at 8:00. Also, they are completely closed at lunch, which patients who work and lunch at the same time, it's not convenient for them to be able to call at lunch since it's nothing but the answering service. Dr. Cazayoux is a great doctor thou.  	1	3	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
19	1	Dr. Robby is the best. I started seeing him when I was in the hospital due to female issues, Have been seeing him now for over 10 years, one of the only doctors to ever call me at home and check on me, When a doctor told me I would never ever conceive a child, Dr. Robby said he would do everything in his power to make my husband and my dreams a reality. Now I am a mother of two children. He has the best bedside manner, funny, makes you feel important, couldn't ask for a better doctor. I love to give him a hard time, and the staff is wonderful too. I would not go to anyone else. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	Dr. Casey and his staff are about as good as you can get.  Dr. Casey has an excellent reputation with the people I know who see him.  He has the feel of an old country doctor (without being old :)  He is warm and caring.  But because he is in demand it's hard to get an appointment with him.  I'm ok with that because his office has an excellent nurse practitioner, Cheryl Krewsky.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
20	1	He's been my doctor for a very long time. He is very knowledgeable and very friendly.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	1	Best Doctor I've ever gone to.  But girls in office are rude, B words ! 	1	1	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
20	1	Appointmnents are timely; very liitl waiting.  Dr Casey is a very dedicated and caring physician.  He listens and spends sufficient time with his patients.  He lives up to his oath.   Both my husband and I see him and hope he will be in practice for a very long time!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	1	Exceptional physician, very caring and knowledgeable. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	Dr. Casey has always listened to whatever I needed to say and then reacted with a very good bedside manner.  Very professional and very friendly.  A little late at times, but he is very busy and listens to every patient that I have talked too.  	2	2	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
20	1	Service is Bad. Takes 3-4 months to schedule appointment to see doctor for a physical examination. Takes 10 days or more to get blood results back after they get them back from the Lab, even when you have something wrong with you.  	1	1	3	4 	Insurance:Coventry
20	1	He was very helpful, but not able to resolve all my problems, and it took considerable time before he referred me to a specialist. He is an excellent doctor, but when you have a lot of serious problems, you need to request the name of a good specialist or you will be treating symptoms for quite a while.  	5	2	5	4 	Insurance:Coventry
20	1	Dr. Casey is very knowledgeable! He is also very thorough.  		3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	-1	After having Dr. Cenac perform a total lumber surgery (inserted a rod from L1 to L5), 5 years ago, I am 58 years old and totally disabled.  He is the worst doctor I've ever allow to operate on me. Dr. Appley, a neurosurgeon in Lafayette is the most fantastic talented neurosurgeon in LA.  After reviewing several MRI's of the mess Dr. Cenac made, he's consulting with other physicians that he respects and trying to find a way to give me my life back.  I wouldn't recommend my worst enemy to Chris Cenac.  He's a disgrace to his profession.  	5	3	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
21	-1	Poor bedside manners and I was very offended when I was told I needed lap band when 1. I am not that much over weight to even qualify for it and 2.I just had a baby 4 months ago...NOT SATISFIED AT ALL! 	4	3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
21	-1	He was very rude at every visit and very uncompassionate towards my mother.  He said she was fat and that's why her back hurts.  She stated she was considering gastric bypass surgery and he was rude in telling her that insurance companies do not pay for that even when we knew that some did.  His bedside manners are the worst I have ever seen. I would not recommend him to anyone!!! Don't hold this against his co-worker.  	3	1	1	2 	Insurance:CIGNA
21	-1	My mom saw him after a car accident in which she suffered a broken neck, ribs, and collarbone.  The insurance company of the person who hit her insisted that she see Dr. Cenac.  I went with her to that appointment.  He was in the room with us for a TOTAL of 5 minutes.  He had her touch her nose, touch her head, and turn her head from side to side.  However, when we got to court, he totally LIED and said he did all this extensive testing, and that he had been with us for TWO HOURS !!!  He seems to make most of his money from these bogus &quot;professional opinions&quot; when all he really does is LIE to try to prove there is nothing wrong with the patient.  He was winking at the judge and the jury members, cracking jokes and making comments that &quot;yeah, here's another one trying to make a quick buck off of a car accident.  I think he was talking about HIMSELF.  	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
21	1	a very good doctor. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	Dr. Cave is an excellent doctor. Her treatments are expensive only because insurance doesn't cover costs of these tests. I don't know where I would be without her help. Conventional medicine failed me.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	-1	Was given a lot of information. Very expensive doctor. Some definite misguidance. E-mail is preferred form of communication.  	2	1	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	1	Excellent 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	Always pleased with her and her office staff.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
24	1	DR. Candal is a great lung DR. He really cares for his paitents,I really loved having him for my dr.  I hate that he moved to ochsners! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
25	1	very helpful during my high risk pregnancies... Wonderful during labor and delivery 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	I am surprised to hear the negative comments....I have been seeing Dr Clavin for almost 10 years...She is matter of fact but thorough...took the time to answer my questions when I had them...talks to you after you dress in her office...her nurse is wonderful also.  Impressed that she has always been on time and when I told her this she said &quot;your time is important as mine&quot;  Had a test and by the time I got home my phone was ringing with Dr Clavin helself on the line to tell me the results. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	-1	She's very cold. I refuse to go to her! My first visit with her, she asked me if I wanted to get an abortion. WTH&#63;! Then I saw her 2 years later at a parade in New Orleans... I was trying to cross to the other side of the street to go by my family, and couldn't cross until the band passed.  So, she cussed me out because I was standing in front of her and her kids! smh! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
25	1	dr. Clavin is awesome. Iam currently seeing her my 1st pregnancy, which is high risk. she makes me feel comfortable and stays on top of me to make sure i stay healthy as well as the ftus. i am currently 32 weeks and my child has no defects and is developing wonderfully. she is straight to the point and that may come off as cold to some people. but she KNOWS whats she is doing!! she came highly recommended and i would recommend her to others without any hesitation. just be prepared to here the honest truth!!she is not there to console you.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
25	1	I have been going to Dr. Clavin for the past 10 years, and I love her.  I find her to be kind, caring, and very knowledgeable.  I highly recommend her. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	Dr. Clavin and her staff are amazing!!!! I want knowledge first and a warm heart second, well you truly get both with her. As long as I live in Slidell she will be my doctor. I am thankful for Dr. Clavin. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	LOVED DR. CLAVIN!!!! I was a high risk patient, and she was very stern and direct which is what I needed. She really knows her stuff, But I also found her to be caring. I had a wonderful experance with her and her staff. I would definatly use her again!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	I am shocked by some of these comments! Dr Clavin is an amazing dr whom I have seen since I was 15 (over 10yrs) I have gone through 3 miscarriages and each one has been hard, but knowing I had a dr who knew their stuff helped. Not only that but she found out what was wrong and I was able to carry to term my next pregnancy. Dr Clavin is a very straight forward dr, She tells you like it is, not how you &quot;want&quot; it to be. That is what I need.  That is why I didn't gain 70+lbs during my pregnancy, that is why my daughter was born with no problems even though I was a high risk case and had a difficult pregnancy! I LOVE Dr Clavin and her staff!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
25	1	i really enjoy dr clavin i have been through this pregnancy on my own and she gives me a sense that i am not alone.she does take the time to hear you if you have any questions or even if you call she calls you back within that hour.i would recomend her to anyone and i would go back 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	very good physician, knows her stuff, took good cae of me as i was very sick. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	I'm baffled by some of the comments here about Dr. Clavin because I actually switched to her from Dr. Hixson (see review) because of many of the same complaints. I found Dr. Clavin to be courteous and thorough, and her nurse had a fantastic personality too. After my exam, she even invited my husband and I back to her office for a Q&A; session. She made me feel well cared-for and respected as a patient, and I never felt rushed or condescended to. She was miles ahead of my last doctor, that's for sure.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	0	I was completely stunned by my experience with Dr. Clavin. I fully agree with previous comments posted; she is cold, rude-- and also extremely impatient with any questions. She repeatedly cut me off in mid-sentence, so I could hardly finish what I wanted to ask or say. I cannot begin to understand why, but it seemed very much as if she thought I was wasting her time. It is very hard to believe that a physician, especially an OB/GYN could behave in this way, with such insensitivity. I expect to receive quality care, concern and at least basic respect from my doctors. I left her office almost in tears, and by the time I got to the car I was pretty much there. I would most definitely recommend another doctor. I hope this helps. 	1	3	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	knowledgable had results phoned to you by her in less than an hour after test eas done 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	-1	I went to Dr. Clavin due to cramps. She gave me a quick exam and told me I would probably just have to learn to live with them. She was very cold and no help at all. I ended up going to Dr. Caire in Slidell who was a God send.  		3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	-1	First off i want to say that Dr. clavin is not the doctor to go to for bad pregnancies. She is listed specialize in high risk pregnancies. I went to here after a second miscarriage, she did blood work on me and her receptionist called me back and told me that i needed to come in to get on a shot. i wanted to come in asap but was informed that i had to wait about four weeks. i was scared to death and wanted to know my results, finally went in to discuss them, and she told me that i needed heprin. and that i still had a 70% of miscarrying even on the shot and that things can turn out worst. and had NOOOOO heart, she was cold and was soo stern,as my eyes watered up,she acted as if she didnt even care. her staff is untrained and her nurse is very rude. dr clavin is not someone to go to for a high risk pregnancy. dr clavin shows no symphany,and does not put her heart into her job. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
26	-1	Removed a large tumor incorrectly and the contents spilled into my body giving me cancer.Did not send me to an oncologist,told me I was fine.Stage 4 metastisized when discovered in an ER.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
27	1	Excellent health care from this doctor. Highly recommend.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	1	DR.CAULFIELD WAS A BLESSING FOR ME AND MY FAMILY! I HIGHLY RECOMMEND HIM. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	worlds best urologist 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	Dr. Carper is the best doctor I have ever had take care of my child. She is very knowledgable about pediatrics and very nice.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	1	She came to see my newborn daughter while we were still in the hospital the day after she was born. She also called me several times at home to see how we were adjusting. I've never waited more than 5 minutes to get in to see her when we have to go for a check up. Great office....great Dr. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	My son had lost his voice after we saw Dr. Carper. She listened to him over the phone and told us to take him to the ER. When we arrived back home later that evening, Dr. Carper called us to see how he was doing. She is very through and trully cares about her patients.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
30	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	-1	I went to Dr. Charbonet for my yearly exam and wasn't impressed from her.She wasn't rude or anything like that but she wasn't carring. Anyway I got pregnant and called for appointment. They schedulled me for a month later. I know that the doctor may not see you untill a month later but the nurse should do a blood work, check the HHG levels and the progesteron levls right after the patient have a positive pregnancy test. Not to forget PRENATALS- they are crucial in the first three months. Well nobody did any tests on me or even prescribed me prenatals. Dr. Cherbonet just wanted to see me when i am 8 weeks pregnant. Usually if the progesteron level is low, this may lead to a misscarriage, but who cares enough to check... So i called my sister in-law who is pregnant as well and she told me that her doctor saw her right after her pregnancy test was positive and did all the tests at week four. I switched to her doctor because he will at least will give me the basic care.  	4	3	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	-1	I've had some miserable OB/GYN appointments, but Dr. Charbonnet was by far the worst!  I went in for a routine yearly exam, and I was concerned about some birth control side effects I had been experiencing.  She made me feel stupid for suggesting I might be having sexual side effects from the birth control pill.  She made fun of a of a large vein in my breast.  I also admittedly need to lose some weight, so her helpful suggestion was to &quot;eat a salad every once in a while.&quot;  I was mortified and humiliated, and left the office in tears.  I have told many people not to go to her due to her rudeness and hope this helps other people out who are looking for a doctor.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
31	-1	She is a horrible doctor.  I only saw her for a year-I have waited for subways longer than she spent with me.  Not only that, I have a medical condition that prohibits the use of artificial hormones.  Would have been nice if they had checked my file before they prescribed me a drug containing hormones.  When I noted this to the nurse, she said, &quot;oh, yeah, you shouldn't take this&quot;.  I also have knowlege that she has made a grevious mistake with at least one other patient (i.e. showing up too late) resulting in the death of a child during childbirth-STAY AWAY if you care about your health. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	I have been seeing Dr. Charbonnet for years. She delivered both of my children and has always been compassionate and supportive. Her staff is wonderful and promptly responds to calls for prescriptions and for advice. I have hardly ever waited more than 5 or 10 minutes in the waiting room. Dr. Charbonnet spends as much time with me during each visit as necessary, and i have never felt rushed. She is very direct, but I don't think she is rude. I believe she tries to ensure that her patients clearly understand their diagnoses and care.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	-1	Dr. Charbonnet is a horrible doctor  with no compassion. She should not be allow to treat patients and her nurse Trisha has a bad attitude also. I visited her with a serious medical problem and it was taken as a non emergency situation. I would tell every person who have had a problem with her to please call Oschner patient relations dept @ 504-842-3971 to report this doctor. Ochsner should know what kind of doctor they have representing there hospital. I will let the medical board and everyone I know about Dr. Nicole Charbonnet. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
31	-1	I had a terrible experience with this woman.  I saw her for a routine exam and was charged for one yet, in my opinion she was not  thorough and skipped required steps.  She was so incredibly rude that my only regret is that I did not walk out of the so-called exam.  Worst yet, she charged my insurance company for a full exam even though she did not perform a full exam. Her staff kept asking me the same medical history questions even after I had already answered them.  It was as if they were not paying attention.  I have never such terrible  experience in a medical exam.  	2	4	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	1	Dr. Charbonnet is caring and knowledgeable.  I am very happy to have her as my doctor.  	5	2	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	1	I can't believe some of the reviews about Dr. Charbonnet.  I have been going to her for years and have had nothing but the best care from her.  I had a high risk pregnancy, and although she was straight with me she was very compassionate and worked with me to make sure my pregnancy went well.  I now have a healthy little girl to show for it.  I loved her so much that I have even referred 3 friends to her and all of them love her, too.  Her nurse, Trisha, is fabulous.  Anytime I need something I can call and get a prompt reply back.  I also like that Dr. Charbonnet calls personally with any troubling or important test results, most doctors just send a letter in the mail.  I will never see another OB/Gyn unless Dr. Charbonnet moves out of South Louisiana.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	0	I found that Dr. Charbonnet is not a good listener.  Even after describing symptoms of swollen, burning breasts and lower abdominal and lower back pain that all began on the same day and lasted for a week, Dr. Charbonnet tried to suggest trying a different bra and taking Ibuprofen.  I expect this from male doctors, not a female!  She rambles on, not taking time to listen at all.  I'm sure she made the highest grades in medical school, but is weak in compassion. Finally, she decided to schedule an ultrasound, after I was not satisfied with her solutions.  She actually said we should start with treatment, Ibuprofen, and see how that goes.  How do you treat the unknown&#63;  I call that pain management.  	3	3	1	4 	Insurance:Humana
31	1	Dr. Charbonnet became my gynecologist when my previous one retired.  I tried two other doctors in the same practice, but was not happy until I began seeing Dr. Charbonnet.  She is thorough and answers all my questions.  She explains herself well.  She and her staff run the office smoothly with very small wait times.  They are also timely in approving prescription renewal requests from my pharmacy.  I will not go to anyone else for my gyno needs.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
31	1	I thought she was a pretty good doctor. I've only been to her for my yearly checkups and I haven't had any problems with her. She did make a comment to me when I was in there that I took offensive but other than that, I've had no problems. I do love her nurses though, they've been nothing but nice. 	5	2	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	I am amazed at the other ratings for Dr Charbonnet here. She was nothing but friendly and helpful to me. I saw her for my last pregnancy as well as a colposcopy after an abnormal pap smear. She was compassionate, willing to answer all of my questions, and very reassuring. I really cannot believe we're talking about the same doctor here. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	-1	I am so happy I found this site, because I felt like it must have been me.  I went in with a serious pain and was asked two times during my appointment whether it was related to my sex life.  It wasn't.  I was left with that feeling that I was making it up.  I went in for an ultrasound which didn't show anything.  When I called to ask what she thought, she basically told me that I had been making the pain up.  A nurse finally suggested that maybe it was a cyst, which can clear up on their own.  It was a horrible, humiliating situation.   I have never been more disgusted with a &quot;caregiver&quot; in my life 	2	2	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	-1	I have been scarred by this physician. She was extremely rude and crude. I had a critical pregnancy. She was never there for me. She made me feel that I was always a problem. I was asked not to make comments regarding my care with other attending physicians. &quot;My situation was critical, and I wanted to try anything to save my pregnancy.&quot; I am over a year after my situation and the treatment by her hurt me more than the situation I was in. I hurt daily emotionally and my heart hurts because of the emotional pain I greive the loss of a precious time for a husband and wife, and yet it was turned into a nightmare.  One that I live daily in my mind everyday! 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
31	-1	I have never walked out of any doctor's office in tears until seeing Dr.Nicole Charbonnet.  		2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	-1	Spent 3min.asking me about shoulder problem.Did not look at shoulder or do range of motion test.Prescribed treatment on me telling him what was wrong and xray that did not show anything wrong.treatment did not work.He must be in a race to see as many patience as he can.He could have saved both of us time by treating me over the phone because as far as he knows I do not have shoulders he never saw them.  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	-1	each visit you will wait up to 2 hours for a 5-10 minute visit.the whole practice is overbooked with no room to sit all the time. they do not spend any time with you and do not seem interested in finding a diagnosis.  	2	1	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	1	I think Dr. Campo is one of the best dentist I have ever seen.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
33	1	Dr. Campo is wonderful! I've had pretty bad experiances with other dentist from my childhood and waited till I had a really bad tooth ache to call. My Mom in law was an existing patient and loves him!  She suggested I call him and tell him my problem, I did and he saw me at 4pm THAT DAY! He perscribed me medicine and schedualed my next appointment. Told me what to expect, was very gentle and compassionate. He's a very down to earth country guy and even remembers little details about you, your job or your family. He ask about my mom in laws bus route, my husband's offshore job...Great people skills and the staff is very sweet and courteous too.  He took all the fear I had about going to the dentist and now I look forward to my visits! Never had any problems with billing either! I highly recomend him! He does stay pretty busy, but there's not usually too long of a wait! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
34	1	Really friendly and easy to talk with, Dr.  Champlin made it clear that he was there to help with any of my health concerns 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
34	1	I wouldn't trust another doctor. he is wonderful and makes you feel comfortable in a very uncomfortable situation. You can ask him anything and he does not judge. He is great.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
34	1	Doctor Champlin has been very helpful and supportive during our pregnancies.  He did a terrific job delivering.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Lumenos
35	1	Knowledgeable, caring, complete, helpful, I would definately recommend this physician to family/friends. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	Dr. Cangelosi is excellent.  He is as painfree of a dentist as they come.  His staff is friendly and so is he.  I have been going to him for years and I have achieved, as he calls it, &quot;dental health.&quot;  I do not dread going to the dentist anymore. 	 5/25/10	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
37	-1	This office is a sham.  All he must care about is the next dollar. The work is horrible and does not last, I had to go to another dentist and have my crown redone because he adjusted it so much it broke.  He then was going to charge me for the crown and he said it needed a root canal, how convienient! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
37	-1	I agree that he's VERY quick to suggest the root canal. He did a number of them on me when I was only 20. It's now 7 years later and I'm having to go to an endodontist to get them re-treated due to abccess. I had to have most of his work re-treated because he did a very bad job. He is a &quot;rough&quot; dentist and causes extreme pain. I would suggest finding another dentist and avoiding him. It's a shame he passed dental school and is allowed to practice. 	3	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
37	-1	Dr. Cangelosi did not even intruduce himself to me on my very first (and last) appointment. I can only assume that that was his way of saying &quot;Don't come back!&quot; I am very disappointed with this dentist. I truly was hopeful that I had found a new dentist since my old dentist had retired. I am sure to tell all of my coworkers, friends and family of my experience that day.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Delta Dental
37	0	Quick to suggest the root canal. The company he is using for making crowns is not very good. otherwise, a good professional 		4	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
37	-1	He is very expensive and I'm glad I left and got a second opinion. I feel it saved me money and a tooth. 		5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	It is very expensive 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
38	-1	We did not agree on details, but I gave in, He is the doctor.  Mistake!Breast Reduction was performed 	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	1	Dr Church performed an Abdominoplasty on me.  He has a wonderful bedside manner and I could not have asked for a better result.  He came highly recommended from to other outstanding Physicians. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
38	-1	Did not do it right 1st time.  Tried again and charged again. 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
39	-1	Dr. Chambers is NOT A GOOD DENTIST. He is arrogant and does not care for the wellbeing of his patients. He is currently in the process of being charged for malpractice. Please do not waste your time and money. Just ask anyone in the Lafayette area. Dr Curtis Roy and Associates (which is where he practices) is not a good place 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
39	-1	Dr. Chambers performed a crown on the WRONG TOOTH! He is not personable and is very full of himself. Do NOT go to him.  He should be fired or have his license removed! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	1	Always wonderful...Been my doctor for 15 years... Love him 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	1	Very Good Doctor 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	 		1	4	3 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	Very thorough. If he doesn't know something, he finds out the answer and is willing to think outside the box. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	One of the best doctors in West Monroe Woman's Clinic. Concerned with patients welfare and health issues.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:AARP
43	1	He always gets the job done . . . . physically and mentally.  For being so young he makes you feel likie you just had a visit with an old friend.   Good staff - Good Doctors 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	1	Dr. Carter actually listens to the parents of the child.  She never rushes you out of the office. She takes the time to make sure that you understand everything that is going on.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
44	1	Dr. Carter is very caring, through and really knows how to communicate with kids. She usually diagnoses my son within a few seconds after looking at him then later a test confirms that she was right. I really am blessed to have a doctor like this because I hear so many stories about people hating their childs M.D., esp. their bedside manners.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	1	She is very caring and makes the kids feel at ease.  She is also very thorough in taking care of her patients.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
44	1	Amazing with children, and very smart. She has been my son's pediatrician since he was 2, and we love her! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	Dr.Clement is my obgyn. I moved to TX 2 yrs ago from La. and still travel 6hrs 4 my visits. He is the best obgyn I've ever had. He did my total hysterectomy and I absolutely was very pleased with his care before, during and after surgery. He does thorough examinations every visit. He is very knowledgeable and explains things that u can understand. He doesn't tell you what he thinks, he tells you what is really going on and if he needs to wait for results to come in before saying anything, he makes you feel reassured things are fine till results come in. I love his professional bedside manner. He and his nurses make me feel very comfortable and well cared for. The staff is very polite and helpful. I highly recommend Dr. Clement on every level. I wish I would've found him yrs ago, so he could have delivered my 3 children. I would've loved him as my prenatal ob. I hope Dr. Clement doesn't retire anytime soon. I praise about his work to everyone I know.                 . S. Matherne 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	Dr. Clement sat and talked with me at great lenght as though I was his only patient of the day. He was understanding, knowledgable and compassionate.  I just love him:) 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
46	1	Never a wait, takes time to listen to his patients.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
47	1	Very good practice 		4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	Doctor is very helpful and informative. I have been a patient of his for over 4 years. He always sits down and talks to me. Excellent bedside manner.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
49	1	awesome work!! staff very friendly and helpful, dr. carr makes you feel at ease 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	Dr. Clark is the best, as far as I'm concerned. He made sure they got me in, when I was in severe pain.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
50	1	Doctor Clarke goes above and beyond and is very knowledgable.The staff also goes above and beyond. I give them an A+ 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
50	1	I've had issues with my back, neck and hands.  Doctor Clark has nailed it right each time.  I appreciate his diagnostic abilities and would recommend him to anyone.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	1	After suffering for 6 years with multiple herniated discs and compressed fractured vert., Dr. Clark gave me 5 injections in the perfect locations that gave me almost 100% relief. He spent the time with me I needed and told me a lot more about my condition than anyone before him. I had already gone through 3 other Doctors, with limited results and one that physically held me down with his employees and gave me 2 injections with NO sedatives in my blood stream. I find Dr. Clark very personable, professional and not the usual &quot;I am God&quot; syndrome you normally find in these clinics. I am extremely happy with his work. It has been 2 weeks and I am still close to 100%. My follow up is in 30 days, which I sincerely look forward to. My only suggestion for improvement would be for Dr. Clark to use a General Anesthesia or the Conscience Sedation, for us chickens.  However, even with his using just a local, the discomfort was VERY minimal! 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
50	0	this clinic has changed in the last 1-2 years.  there are fewer patients probably due to the lack of empathy shown by PA's--the drug testing is expensive.  It is like they want to discharge you--I just wonder if their practice--now online--for (DEA!!&#63;&#63;) to watch---is driving how they are treating patients now vs true pain mgt. Very sad.  I am going to change facilities--this is getting ridiculous and very invasive into my privacy 	2	1	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Clark's for approx. 7 yrs. for chronic pain.  I agree that the wait is sometimes longer than usual but well worth it.  He is extremely knowledgable and is willing to do whatever is needed to make sure your quality of life improves as much as possible, given your individual circumstances.  I know others who have seen Dr. Clark and were very dissatisfied and had bad things to say, but I think it has more to do with the fact that Dr. Clark & PA's can read between the lines.  They know the difference between ligitimate chronic pain and seekers.  He helped me when other doctors turned a deaf ear, he showed compassion and humor.  He has gone out of his way to write excuses, explain medications, speak to employer, etc. whatever I needed him to do, without hesitation.  You just don't get that these days.  From medication, to injections, to procedures, Dr. Clark is awesome and I thank God for him.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	-1	I was treated like a criminal because I do not have Ins. coverage for Doctor visits. I only saw Dr. clark one time and a PA all other times for over a year. They would not listen to my concerns. 	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	I developed a painful disorder 10 years ago and was initially misdiagnosed. After seeing various doctors, receiving treatment, etc. my conditioned progressively worsened and the pain increased. I was then sent to Dr. Clark, and I thank God for that referral. Dr. Clark's belief in me, and that the pain I was experiencing (then and now) is &quot;real&quot; gave me and my family much needed hope and better coping skills. He was knowledgeable about RSDS. He developed a treatment plan to reduce my pain which increased my quality of life. If one thing didn't work he would try another. He (along with his PA's) didn't give up on me. He's been my pain management physician approx. 8 years now and has been with me and my family through this entire journey. He has never failed to show empathy on my really &quot;bad days&quot; and on my better days he's there laughing and joking with me. DR. Clark IS in every since of the word a professional, caring doctor who gets a 5+ in my book.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
50	1	Fantastic doctor...Ya gotta wait for him but the wait is well worth it! Great bedside manner and very knowledgeable. Had steriod injections previously by another doctor and was nervous because it was very painful...didn't feel even a pinprick with Dr. Clark 's injections. I would highly recommend Dr. Clark.  	3	1	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	0	Average. I left him to see another doc (in New Orleans). His knowledge left something to be desired.  		4	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	1	Dr. Clark is a Godsend. I switched to him for treatment of my chronic pain after I was referred by my orthopaedist for an Epidural Steroid Injection. He is very friendly, extremely knowledgeable, and very open-minded. He listened to me thoroughly, asked pertinent questions, and was willing to make his recommendations for my better health to my employer in writing. He is on my A list.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
51	-1	She is by far the WORST pediatric dentist I have ever taken my child to! She is extremely rude & loud. She did not seem like she knew anything about dentistry.  	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
52	1	My experience at Dr. Michelle Carr's office was absolutely the best! She made me feel at ease and her professionalism spoke for itself. Her staff showed both care and concern with all of my health problems.  She was not only patient and kind but also very thorough! I will recommend her to all of my friends and family! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
53	-1	Provided very poor care 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	Dr. Cerniglia and his team are the best. I wish I had found this dentist earlier. He made my experience painless and comfortable. He saved me from from having a crown that had been suggested by a previous dentist. The best dental experience I've ever had.  Would recommend him to EVERYONE!!!!!!! 	 10/17/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Delta Dental
54	1	The staff is so nice. Tresa is wonderful and Dr. Cerniglia made my broken front tooth look great again.  So glad they work on Saturday also!  Love you guys! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	My family travels from out of town to come to this practice. Dr. Cerniglia and staff are wonderful. He is painless, and saved me a fortune by figuring out why my implant crown was loose. I am so happy someone recommended to me. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	I've been a patient of Dr. Ciro Cerrato for over ten years and he has been very helpful attentative and loving. Whenever I refer a friend or family member they always speak of his broad knowledge of the medical field and his great sense of humor.  He rocks!!!!!!!!!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
55	1	Really cares about his patients needs/health. 	5	5	5	3 	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	I love this doctor and her staff.. always helpful, even when the doctor isn't in the nurses are very helpful..  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
56	-1	I was told that my children had to go on a waiting list because of our insurance. I did place all three children on the waiting list almost a month ago, and when I called to see where they were on the list last week, the receptionist said that they were near the bottom of a few pages of names for waiting list. I called today, and the receptionist told me that my children were not even on the list of over 7 pages of names. I would give up if you are like me and apparently do not have the right insurance or income to see them.  	2	2	2	2 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
57	1	Personal physician for several years andzi will never consider another.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
57	1	Very concerned and cares about his patients. Takes time to listen to patients and keeps up with  the literature on new drugs and treatment. Conservative treatment but very thorough.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
58	1	Very careful and caring doctor.  Unfortunately it's difficult to schedule because it's a walk-in clinic and a lot depends on how busy that day is.  Overall I got excellent care. 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
59	1	Very good bed side manner. Did not have the god-complex that is most commonly seen in neurologist. Very good listener and a well seasoned neurologist.  Would recommend in heartbeat! 	5	5	5	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
60	1	Dr. Cavanaugh preformed surgery on me and gave me the best care I could have wished for.  Of course, getting through his front office is the same as any other Dr.  I think they train their staff to screen calls.  However, he and his Physican's Assistant (PA) are the most caring, thoughtful, knowledgeable people I have ever been to. If I needed to get answers to any question, one of them (Dr or PA) always got back to me promptly.  I would trust this group to treat any one of my family or myself again.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
60	1	The reason I give him a 3 rating on being unhelpful is because of him not wanting to help me in any way with the treatment of my back issues. I have a fusion and instrumentation because of Degenerative Disc Disease and Scoliosis. I'm in constant pain 24/7. Lately, I've had some new isuses come up with my back. He did take xrays, but afterwards, he asked, &quot;How many ops have you had&#63; Me:&quot;4&quot;, Him; &quot; Did they help&#63;&quot; Me:&quot;No&quot;. Him:&quot;Well, there you go&quot; and then suggested I go to an Ortho Surgeon. I replied, NO!. I go to him because he's a NeuroSurgeon. He knows the nerves, and I'm tired of my nerves being shot where my back is concerned. I have noticed that ALL doctors hate to do anything if another has been there already. This is why he gets a 3 rating on being, &quot;UNHELPFUL&quot;. Otherwise he is great. He operated on my left arm and did a fantastic job!! This is why I want him to take care of my spine.  	 9/4/08	5	4	3	Insurance:Medicare
61	-1	Did not seem to be able to help me although I had a common problem.   Ran some tests but he never followed up on me nor tell me the results 	3	3	2	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
61	-1	After 2 miscarriages, this &quot;high risk pregnancy&quot; specialist's advice to me&#63;  Get pregnant again.  The very first Dr I went to for a second opinion said I had an incompetent cervix, which is why I lost both babies.  Dr Christrup never once suggested it.  How many more babies would have died if I'd kept getting pregnant and stayed with this Dr&#63; 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
62	-1	Not enough information of the complete process and the procedure of work to be done during consultation. Not satisfied with release timing. 	3	4	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	. Great bedside manner 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	1	She is the best Emergency room doctor I have ever come in contact with! She is very knowledgeable and caring. I wish all the doctors were like her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	0	. she acted like she thought she was better than everyone else 	1	3	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
65	1	I love Dr. Castine! He is so open minded and never makes you feel like your crazy. I was sent to him by referral of primary md due to my suffering from a mystery disease for several years. After evaluating me thoroughly, he humbly concluded that my condition needed to be evlaluated by top specialists at Mayo Clinic. He gave me a referral for them and didn't not write me off as a hypochondriac or suffering from depression as some others had in the past. To top it off, his staff is friendly and so very helpful.  They go above and beyond to help you! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
66	0	Staff took full xrays as per procedure during a first visit. He then rushed through the initial consultation on feedback concerning my xray. I wanted to do a cleaning during the visit but he left for another patient.  Staff requested i schedule another visit.  I took a copy of my xrays and never came back. 	1	4	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
67	-1	He did a crown and left too high and subsequently causing nerve damage that required a root canal. In spite of complaints, he insisted nothing was wrong with this work. 	 1/24/11	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	My Mother saw Dr Carinder in the hospital (11/2011) &amp; he took every measure to test her to get to the bottom of her problems.  Since then, she has become a regular patient &amp; he is treating her rare blood disorder.  He is personable, caring, informative &amp; very very intelligent.  My Mother has to be his patient &quot;forever&quot; with the disorder he diagnosed her with &amp; I am so at ease putting her in his care.   EXCELLENT DR! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
68	1	I am 60 with IMBC.  He made me feel like we can conquer this desease eating away at my bones.  He was very informative &amp; will be treating my cancer aggressively.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
69	-1	. very bad 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
70	1	Very courteous, knowledgeable, and very helpful.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
71	1	Doctor Chung if very knowledgeable and supportive.  His staff is absolutely excellent and everyone makes you feel that you are their number one patient.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
71	1	HE HAS PERFORMED ALL MY CHILDREN AND MYSELF  GASTRIC BYPASS , LAP BAND AND THE SLEEVE.  SO FAR  AWESOME!!!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
72	1	Very personable staff.  Very nice, caring physician and very knowledgeable.  I would highly recommend.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
73	1	Dr. Chava is wonderful. She has been very nice and helpful everytime I go to see her. She has been my Doctor for over a year and I have ZERO problems.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
73	1	This was the first doctor to correctly diagnose my tachycardia and get help for me with a cardiologist. She was the first doctor to insist on my husband losing weight and getting healthy.  I high recommend her! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
73	1	I'v used Dr. Sue for several years.  Very friendly - never rushes me. Great for every day illnesses - uti, sore throat, keeping track of cholesterol, etc. Usually able to get an appointment on same day as asked.  	4	5	5	4 	Insurance:Aetna
73	-1	.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
73	-1	didn't take the time to ask a detailed history, rushed my appointment. making and receiving personal phone call during my appointment.didn't answer my questions.very unprofessional.would not go back and see her.plus her knowledge seems limited.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
73	1	She is a wonderful doctor and I would send anyone to her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
73	-1	I saw this Dr for 2 years. The only thing she helped with is a cold. I had no confidence in her at all. They tell you that you can see another Dr in the office, but when you request to see another one, they want you to see your regular Dr and NOT the other. I tried several times to see the other Dr in the office before finding another one at a different area, but was told I had to see Dr S. Chava. Do not recommend this Dr.  		2	2	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
74	1	I have known Dr Casey since 1978 when my son was a 2 year old.  He is a great doctor & deserves the best ratings possible.  He has a wonderful disposition with young children & my son & daughter had no fear going to see him.  Like his father before him he is credit to the medical profession. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
74	1	The poor rating is so untrue. I have been a LONGTIME patient of Dr. Casey. He is the best in the city and so caring. You always leave feeling better and laughing. His nurse is so funny with a great sense of humor. It is so unfair to rate an awesome doctor on a bad experience with his receptionist. Yes, she has her moments, this doctor is just one of the best I have ever been to. He has an agressive approach and is quite effective. He does not play around with your sickness and gets you better very quickly. The office is also very clean. If you want to get betterr quickly, Dr.  Dennis Casey is the one that you want to get an appointment with, trust me! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
75	1	Very helpful and appt was right on time.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
76	-1	Extremely insulting and severe lack of concern or desire to help.  A real jerk.  He spent 2-3 minutes looking over medical records I had brought with me, stated abnormalities were &quot;nothing&quot;, and was very flip and uncaring.  	3	4	1	1 	Insurance:Humana
77	1	Extremely different from the rest, in which, he actually cares 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	This is one of the best dentist office i have been in, they treat you with the utmost respect and they care about you. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
78	-1	SecureHealth&#63;PeoplesHealth  Found him and his staff to be condescending, not even an adequate exam. almost insulting attitudes. 	3	1	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	Wait times have been well over 1 hour  for every visit.  	3	1	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
79	1	He is the only orthopedic surgeon I would have do surgery on me.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
80	1	Dr. Changlani has great skills and a proven track record.  My complaint is about his relationship with pharmaceutical companies. I am sure the doctor is within current ethic standards but I question that he is hurting his patients' and associated government agencies. He heavily pushes certain drugs, and naturally, they are not the generic-Walmart types!! He immediately wants to change you from generics even before he has evaluated you. He states efficacy of medicine  but my check of them on the internet, I do not see anyone else sharing his high enthusiasm of certain expensive drugs.  He only says &quot;trust&quot; me! Very Reliable word on the street is he does a LOT of honorariums for pharmaceutical companies. Be in his office around 11am most days and watch the freebies rolling in the door.  Why would such a great physician marry himself to the sleeze bag pharmaceutical companies who are raising the cost of drugs to the poor old folks who are on pension.  	3	4	3	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
81	-1	Dr. Carter was not a good doctor for me  and I felt that if you were not pregnant he had no interest in helping you. He doped you up without investigating the cause. I saw him for years for uncontrollable menstrual bleeding when off  BCP, and he would just dope me up on them when I had problems. He never ordered blood work, other than a glucose test and when that came back bad he stated I had PCOS but with my family history of Diabetes that should have been checked. He never ordered ultrasound to confirm PCOS and it turns out I did not have it. In 2010 I had uncontrollable bleeding that even on 2 BCP per day it would not stop. I finally sought a second opinion (Dr. Pineda in Shreveport) who ordered a battery of tests and an ultrasound. He found a cantaloupe sized Teratoma in my pelvic area that had to be surgically removed. Thankfully it was not cancerous and since my November 2010 surgery I have had regular, normal predictable periods.  	3	2	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
81	-1	Extremely unprofessional demeanor, including abusive comments about my weight and twice, he literally yelled at me (once with someone else in the room, once with no witness).  From first visit refused to discuss medical reasons for decisions, contemptuous comments about patient's religious/ethical views.  Would not allow nurse in room for treatments and checkups.  Refused to answer direct queries about conditions, treatment options, and care.  Office policy did not allow me to transfer to another doctor in the group.  Would not release records in a timely manner, nor would he sign hospital records in a timely manner.  Bedside manner at the hospital was atrocious, extremely distressing to patient and family members.  Have begun complaint processes against this physician.  	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
81	1	The best!!! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	Dr. Cassidy is the best doctor I have ever been to. He took his time with me and explained everything in a way I could understand.  I never felt rushed.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
82	-1	$6000. 00   for a stress test!!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
83	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	Great people, great office. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	Dr. Cannon saw my daughter although she is not even his patient. We live out of state and he took us in under his wing and cared for my daughter as if she were his own. I could never thank him and his staff for their care and kindness. Thank you guys. If I ever move back... You will surely be my choice for a family physician! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	Dr. Cannon literally SAVED MY LIFE! I went into cardiac arrest several times and dr c literally brought me back from the edge of death. I trust this man with my life. I cannot recommend him highly enough, he views his patients as real human beings, and not merely numbers w/ (or without!)insurance. He will do his best for you. Never have I seen such a good doctor at such a young age! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	I'VE BEEN GOING TO THIS DOCTOR EVER SINCE I WAS LITTLE AND I'VE NEVER HAD ANY PROBLEM WITH HIM.I WOU;D RECOMMEND ANYONE TO GO TO HIM.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
86	1	this doctor saved my life he is very knowledgeable and great with patients. he did my surgery and did a great job!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	He is a very friendly and knowledgeable doctor.  He operated on my son and we had no further issues.   He does care about his patients, and if I ever need an ENT again, he is my first choice! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
86	-1	This Dr operated on me twice and the 2nd surgery damaged the nerve to my vocal cords.  When I was unable to breath he told me I had asthma and put me on treatments that did not work.  I had to find out on my own what was wrong.  I had to have a third surgery and a trac.  I nearly died simply because he did not want to admit he made a mistake. 	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	Dr.Claiborne got rid of my acne! I suffered for years until I saw him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
87	1	I think Dr. Claiborne is one of the better dermatologists I have ever gone to.  He and his former business partner where the only ones who could diagnose properly and treat a skin condition I had on my hands.  I have to admit sometimes the wait is too long, but I suppose that means he is giving his patients the needed time.  It doesn't prevent me from returning to him.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
87	1	Dr.Claiborne cured my psoriasis. Best Dermatologist I've ever been too. My skin is so soft and even now. I am a very happy patient and highly recommend Dr.Claiborne.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
88	-1	not good at all. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	At first I really liked dr.Chava and I still do.  He is very knowledgable and listens to what you have to say.  I just am 60+ years old and have been having thyroids issues for the last 15 years.  I only have a half of thyroid and it just reeks havoc.  It never stays even.  When the meds are changed, my BODY and EMOTIONS go crazy, but Dr. Chava, and i all fairness, other endocs, do not get it when THEY JUST cannot regulate it and I constantly complain of symptoms they claim are NOT related to the thyroid.  He is a good doctor, however, he and all doctors should be a lot more open to different treatments and not just dismiss the patient, because, it is the patient's body that they KNOW quite well.  	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Humana
89	1	He listned, very attentive, willing to address patinets concern head on. Treated very respectfull by Dr. Chava. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
90	1	This doctor has no bedside manner whatsoever.  Even the nurses in the hospital said they dread working with him because he can be such an ass.  That being said, they also said that he is the absolute BEST doctor they know, and I have to agree.  He knows what he's doing and that is the most important thing.  And he performed my son's circumcision PERFECTLY.  I moved a few hours away before having my third child, but I wish I would have just driven the distance to see him again for this birth. 	4	4	3	5 	Insurance:Unknown
90	1	. unbelieveabe experience, if you want a no nonsense physician , who knows what he is doing, this is your man!!!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
90	1	. Excellent physician with tons of experience that he used all of to help me! 	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
91	1	Aftre a cat bite, dr. Clason did surgery on my hand. Great job, very nice...however I still can't play the piano!!:) 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	Incredibly caring & knowledgeable physician.  Can't say enough about this man! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
93	1	Excellent; the very best in the area. He completely corrected my wife's extreme farsightedness through Lasic Surgery 5 years ago. She has worn glasses for over 40 years. Other physicians told her no hope. In 5 years, her vision is still perfect. Excellent manner, very patient, keeps up on latest advances.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
94	1	Dr. Chua has been my ObGyn since I was 20 when she did a biopsy the week before my wedding 12 years ago. She delivered both of my daughters and has been very caring and helpful through other medical crises that have been treated by other doctors. She's a wonderful doctor and I trust her completely.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
94	1	I couldn't say enough about Dr. Chua. She was my first OB/GYN. She has always made me feel at ease. Always listened to what I had to say, very nice and very knowledgeable. Although she only delivered 1 of my 3 children, she was nothing but wonderful. (She happened to be out of town at a educational conference when I went into labor for baby #1. I was stuck with the doctor on call) She delivered baby #2 and sometime after that she quit delivering babies. She recommended another OB doctor for baby #3 that I was super happy with, but decided to return to Dr. Chua after the final baby for my GYN because of how wonderful her bedside manner is. I recommended her to my mother-in-law and she was great with her as well. Dr. Chua found some things that ultimately sent mom-in-law in for cancer treatments. So thankful for her for that. Dr. Chua is very caring and not only would her office make follow-up calls, throughout the last 10+ years, Dr. Chua has been the one to make those phone calls.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
95	1	I previously, negatively  assessed this doctor after we had a very tense disagreement in his office. He did act unprofessionally in front of my kids, however, I think that the fault is all mine and I would love to make peace with this doctor because he is someone I have admired as a wonderful doctor for many years, We all have our bad days. I tried to have my previous post deleted but couldnt so I am writing again to say that this doc is a good man and I wish he would allow me the honor of bringing my kids into   his   office again. God can work all things for good. Please forgive me, Dr Clark, and I have already forgiven you.  Blessings and peaace to you and yours, 	 2/12/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
95	-1	Dr. Clark yelled at me in front of my 3 children when I pressed him to give my son antibiotics. My son was very sick and had terrible cough and fever for 4 days. Dr. Clark got right in my face and yelled in front of his entire office because I let him knbow I thought my son should have antibiotics. I think he lost it and I really had admired him greatly before this experience but now I am horrified.  My kids were terrified and terrorized to see  Dr. Clark attacking their mother. I think he lost his professional attitiude and took out his frustrations on me and my children. Very sad. Be careful with him, parents, he can snap quickly.  	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
95	1	Dr. Clark is an exceptionally caring and knowledgeable doctor.  He is always willing to refer a patient to a specialist if he feels it is in the patient's best interest.  I highly recommend this doctor. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
96	1	The finest OBGYN in Louisiana 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
97	-1	Poorly informs patients.  Doesnt discuss expectations and timeliness of treatment.  Results not what was expected 	2	3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
98	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
