dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	I have been diagnosed with Diabetes for over 30 yrs and seen many doctors. I felt so comfortable that I told Dr. Devlin more about how I felt than any other doctor I have ever seen. It was a terrific experience. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
1	-1	I was in the hospital with MRSA and pneumonia and my bg was wicked high (in the 400's).  The doctor at the hospital called Dr. Devlin and asked him to come see me and he said that he doesn't see patients in the hospital.  WHAT&#63;&#63;&#63;  If he can't see me then I can't see him.  I see someone else in his office now! 	5	4	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	Dr. Devlin, and the Mercy Diabetes Center staff in general, was the best thing to happen to me (medically) since being diagnosed with Type 1 diabetes. Dr. Devlin is thoughtful, gracious, attentive, down to earth, knowledgeable, and a really great listener. I disagree with the commenter below who said he had terrible bedside manner; Dr. Devlin is the ONLY physician to ever truly listen to me respectfully, and treat *me* and not my glucose numbers. (Also, sidenote regarding the commenter who was told to wait to go on a pump: An insulin pump isn't a cure-all, it demands a lot of work and understanding, and likely the physician wanted to make sure the patient was serious about taking care of their diabetes first.) I was sad to move away from Maine and leave this great physician and staff behind, and would enthusiastically recommend Dr. Devlin to anyone who's ready to be treated with respect.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
1	1	Listens thoroughly to my concerns and follows up  by researching things he might not know at the time of the visit. Very atuned to the challenges of living with diabetes.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
1	1	Dr Devlin is great. He is one of the most intelligent doctors I've ever been too. When I first started seeing him he noticed problems not related to my diabetes that my regular doc never noticed over the years. He's always been kind and comforting. I really like him and would recommend him to anyone. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
1	0	His bedside manner was despicable! Would not let me go on the pump until my bg was better - isnt that what the pump is for&#63; I saw Dr. D for 8 years then I moved to another state and had a pump in 5 months! 		4	1	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	-1	I have never had such a negative experience in my life with a doctor as I have &quot;Dr.&quot; Douglas. &quot;Dr.&quot; Douglas (I use this term loosely) is extremely unprofessional, rude, condescending and makes a patient feel unimportant and unacknowledged in their concerns. I had a pressing medical issue that needed immediate attention. I traditionally see the nurse practitioner, Tara Dwelley, but she was booked for a solid month and a half. I decided to schedule with Douglas, as he had immediate openings....now I know why. He made me feel like crap for wanting a referral to a specialist and made me feel like my symptoms were in my head. Come to find out, (after seeing a specialist), that my concerns were confirmed and I have two medical conditions that I thought I may have. DO NOT see this doctor, unless you want a horrible experience. 	5	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
3	0	This individual kept referring to me as Mrs. although I wasn't married, and showed in other ways that he was not paying attention. 	3	3	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	Wonderful and genuinely cares! She always puts you and your health above all. Truly a special doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	I have followed Dr. Del Prete to every new location she has had. I find her supportive, knowledgeable and kind. She also has a wonderful sense of humor which puts one at ease.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
5	1	Dr DelPrete is the BEST doctor I've ever had.  She really listens to what you say AND offers options in treatment.  When you leave your appt you feel like you are getting the best possible treatment by a caring and compasionate doctor, who is not just rushing through a visit.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
5	1	She sits and listens.  Very knowledgeable, especially with musculoskeletal conditions.  She takes into consideration the whole person.  	2	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
5	1	I thought Dr. Del Prete was a very knowlegable and easy to talk to. She examined me and manipulated by back and neck. It helped immensley after I fell and sprained by lower back. She even had me come back for another back manip after a few days to give the muscles a change to relax from the muscle relaxer she gave me. She showed me an exercise to help in the area that I needed it. I asked if she would be willing to give me regular back manip's and she said sure. She told me I could come back in 4 weeks for another one. I feel she does a great job and will see her again.  		2	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
5	-1	.  		1	1	3 	Insurance:Anthem
6	1	Saw as a newly diagnosed Lupus patient and was impressed with the amount of time he took to carefully and thoughtfully answer my many questions.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
6	1	I was misdiagnosed for 2 years, then his assistant sent me for a test that revealed the real problem.  Ever since then, I feel I have been treated differently.  He is very polite and has good bedside manner.  	5	4	3	4 	Insurance:CIGNA
6	1	I have received excellent care from Dr. Daikh and his staff. It is a pleasure going to his office. I always feel a part of the decision making process in terms of the treatment I receive. 	5	5	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	 	4	5	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	HE WAS A GEM AND HE WANTED ME TO SEE ANOTHER DR WHO COULD DEAL WITH THE PROBLEM.  THAT IS A GOOD DR 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
7	1	My OB for my two sons, then my GYN for several years. Laid back, personable. Really like him.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
7	1	He is the best. Great surgeon .Compassionate , caring and expert 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	-1	Very Bad Doctor, makes mistakes!Bad Mistakes! 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	I have a ton of medical problems. My case is very difficult d/t overlapping of many symptoms and disease processes. She does not get overwhelmed and always listens. She is very knowledgeable.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
10	1	Thanks just doesn't seem enough to say to a doctor who, when others said no, he said yes. My only wish is for dr. Dubocq and his family to move to me in Canada. Keep up the good work Dr. D! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	knowledgeable, compassionate.  Best doctor I have ever seen.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
10	1	What a God send!  Until we found Dr. Dubocq, we were getting the run around from all the other doctors.  He listened to my wife, believed her and is treating her.   She is getting better!  Thank you, thank you, thank you! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	1	Dr. Dubocq is extremely knowlegable in regard to the accurate diagnisis and effective treatment of Lyme disease. I would recommend him for this over any Lyme specialist in New England. His staff is very professional and courteous and I HIGHLY recommend him.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	1	Dr Dorr is the best! He treats you like family and his staff are amazing. Sometimes you are taken in early for you're appointment which is great since I live over 100 miles away. He is a perfectionist and I'm so greatful he is my orthodontist! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	He is a kind and skillful doctor. Good at what he does, and does not hesitate to refer complex problem if needed. 	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	-1	I was not impressed. Not caring at all in my opinion.  	3	3	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	1	Always kind and thorough. Takes plenty of time to answer questions and explain findings. No problem getting an appt on short notice if a problem arises.  		5	5	4 	Insurance:Anthem
13	-1	this doctor was ignorant, he did not know the first thing about my symptoms, and when I tried to let him know why I believed the first diagnosis, he had the audacity to give me a mental health label! Others who have had similar problems told me that doctors like this dislike smart people, dislike smart women even more, and they especially dislike smart assertive women. Before I  saw this doctor, I never had one problem with any doctor in my entire 60 years!  He also cannot write well and does not spell properly, he fancies himself a psychologist but he doesn't know the first thing about mental health.  Be careful, this kind of doctor can seriously affect the quality of medical care you receive in the future. New Hippa rules allow ANY DOCTOR  TO USE A MENTAL HEALTH LABEL, AND THEY CAN CALL ANY DOCTOR THEY WANT TOO. STILL, THERE ARE THINGS YOU CAN DO. FILE A COMPLAINT FIRST. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	Great physician... I would absolutely recommend him for my friends and family. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	Prompt and courteous, thanks! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	The best doctor I ever had. She is the real pro. Finally I've got not only proper Ds. She gave me a ral solution to my problems. I am back to my life.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
17	1	He is a Very good Dr. and has treeted me for Heart trouble and Diabites and COPD for the last 5 years. He and his staff are very proficantat thir jobs.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
18	-1	I felt this doctor was suspicious and distrustful and not prepared to develop a strong rapport. She did not listen to me, though I expressed myself clearly, and she disregarded my complaints. On our first visit, she implied that I engaged in illegal behavior (I don't). In addition, her office is disorganized and unfriendly. I usually have an hour of busy signals before I can get through to a live person (even when returning a call), and I am often &quot;forgotten&quot; in the waiting room when I come in for labs. I would not recommend this doctor to anyone, I'm afraid.  	1	3	1	3 	Insurance:Aetna
18	1	I went to see Dr. Dechenes as an add on for the day, my other doctor was booked.  She was very pleasant and made me feel very comfortable, however she did state to me I should see my PCP for things...told her I was an add on because my doc was booked she didn't seem to like that answer.  I went to see her a 2nd time and was very please with the way she helped me out with a situation...I actually have switched to her as my PCP. 	4	5	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	. I HAD HER ONCE AND THOUGHT SHE WAS ONE OF THE BEST DOCTORS I EVER HAD 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
18	-1	She is not my regular doctor, but I have had her on two occasions.  Once I had to call in on the weekend, and she was the on call doctor.  She wanted to know if she could call me back after her kid's soccer game!  Then when I saw her in the office, she had to look up every condition and medication on her palm pilot ... didn't make me feel very confident.  	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
19	1	Great bedside manner.  Really lets you know he cares.  Kind to me and to my family.  Very knowledgable.  Explained my problem so I could understand it.  I would recommend him highly.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	-1	i went to have a lump removed from my thigh and i have a indention and brown colored skin left and the lump is still there. iam having another surgery to have removed .not by doctor durr. i will live with this bad scar the rest of my life.  	5	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	1	Dr. Michael Durr provided outstanding emergency surgical repair of my perforated stomach ulcer at 3am on March 27. I was at very high risk and his excellent surgical skills saved my life.  Prior to this, I had no knowledge of Dr.Durr, but now I can recommend him highly.  Thank you Dr. Durr.  DT 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Veterans Administration
21	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	I met Dr. Driscoll today and i couldn't be more impressed.  she took the time to talk with my mother and really understand the issues.  I expected a 15-20 minute appt but she didn't watch the clock at all.  she was engaged and realistic in her recommendations.  i highly recommend her and her staff as they were very kind and accomodating to my mother as well. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	Dr. Driscoll was great. She spent a lot of time with me to address my concerns, she helped come up with treatments that weren't always prescription. I never once felt rushed. She follows up, and the office staff was also quite friendly. When I was a new patient, I was able to get in immediately.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
22	-1	Nice lady, not good with complex health issues. More friendly with insurance companies that patients. If you have more than the common cold, look elsewhere. She's too busy for you.  	3	3	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	Dr.  DeGrinney was recommended by a a neighbor and our first visit was very professional and the doctor most thorough with a nice responsive follow up letter later received! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
23	1	I have been with the Doc for many years, and he is my idea of the perfect family physician: thoughtful, caring, knowledgeable, and eager to help.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	He is the best Dr. I have ever gone to.  Compassionate, caring, knowledgeable and outstanding.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
23	1	Good listener, helpful, reasonable about removing medication as well as providing it.  Spends the time to hear and work and resolve.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
23	1	Dr. DeGrinney is very knowlegable and caring,he is truley concerned and follows up on important tests; and keeps you up to date.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
23	1	Dr. DeGrinney is vary knowledgable and truly cares for his patients.   Very Thorough 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
23	1	Dr. DeGrinney is very knowledgable, takes his time with patients and really listens to them.  You feel like he really cares about you! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
24	1	Kind, competent and thorough. Although he specializes in internal medicine, he has training in and many years of experience in doing endoscopies (gastroscopies and colonoscopies). 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	0	I have been going to this practice for several years and have never been seen by nor have actually seen Dr. Doughty.  I have always gotten appts with his PA's and have never seen him in the office. He is a bit of a mystery...does he actually work here&#63;  The PA's are nice and I suppose knowledgeable, although I have only been seen for sinus problems.   I was prescribed an allergy nasal spray by them and was recently informed by my allergist that Doughty's PA had me on the child dosage rather than the adult.  Despite never seeming busy, I always have to wait in the waiting room awhile before getting called back.  	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Aetna
25	1	Dr. Doughty is a VERY caring man, and listens well.  Thorough exams and effective treatments are the rule.  Everyone in my family have been to see him for one thing or another.  He is a hit with all of us.  His PA's (several) have all been of the highest ranking, and also listen well.  You will be seen as soon as possible, within the acceptable limits of an appointment time, and be afforded the same care and attention from the first visit to the N^th visit.  A very good choice for a family doctor.  The staff is just as caring and effective.  I totally disagree with the detractors' views shown in other comments.  Unless you are a narcissists who belives that doctors and staff should see only you and jump when you walk in, You will find that you are being treated fairly.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	0	If you come in knowing what you think is wrong he always agrees.  He is good with alternative solutions but generally refers everything to others rather than treating himself.  Nice guy but other doctors he sent me to have advised me I'm too fat, a fact he's ignored for the last 7 years.  He treats the symptom rather than the cause.  	4	3	3	2 	Insurance:Tricare
25	1	I have been using Dr. Doughty for about 18 years and consider him to be one of the best doctors around.  His office manor is caring, as is that of his PA.  His Punctuality is sometimes affected by the amount of time he gives each patient.  But you will have the same amount of time with him.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	0	First the &quot;Staff&quot; While they try to be helpful, there lack of preciseness , they make too many mistakes that we, &quot;the patients&quot; pay for. &quot;Punctuality&quot;  I have never been seen on time and sometimes up to a 45 min. wait.  &quot;Helpfulness&quot;  Good only if you ask the right questions, been sent to have  many unecessary procedures due to the lack of proper questions being asked or being just passed off to the next specialist, which is time consuming and costly for insurance and patient.  &quot;Knowledge&quot; I think that the Dr. has the knowledge to help, but doesnt go out of his way to find the correct information befor recommending next course of action.  New perscription policy only generates additional monies for his office, does not correct the problem that he is attempting to correct.  	2	1	1	4 	Insurance:CIGNA
25	1	As above, &quot;thorough and patient&quot;.  Calm and inspires confidence.  Very important qualities for a patient who is wary of doctors in general.  That he favors cowboy boots doesn't hurt.  ;) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
25	1	This Dr. is so thorough, and patient. A very good listner. He found a lump on my thyroid, that i didn't even feel or have symptoms. It tunred out to be a tumor. Great catch per my Endcrologist. In the process of next steps, but it's a great news story. My Endcrologist stated this type of problem is not usually found during a regular physical.  His thoroughness mad the difference!!! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
26	1	This doctor is GREAT!  Very helpfull and knowledgable.  Made me feel like he really cared about my daughter. Bonus to seeing this doctor is that he is new to the group and building his own patient base so one can get in to see him without much of a wait! Allergy, Asthma and Immunology.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
27	0	Dr. Dwight is very personable and informative, when you can get an appointment with her.   However, her follow-up is nil. I have called her several times following my exam, and she never returns my call. Her secretary does not bother to pick up the phone, but leaves it to the answering machine. She then ignores the message--even though I said that I was in pain, and needed attention. They probably want to ditch me as a patient, because I am on Medicare.  	1	4	3	3 	Insurance:Medicare
27	1	. I looked forward to go to my appointments,  dr Dwight is the best doctor ever, she really cared and listened to everything I said! Thank you dr Dwight for everything! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
27	1	Dr. Dwight is a joy.  She is absolutely lovely in appearance and demeanor.   Each and every time I have set foot in her office I have felt listened to and cared about.   She treats people as individuals, and is very good with follow up.   I went to her with fertility issues and worked with her for a year before she referred us to a fertility specialist.   I look forward to getting pregnant and having her deliver my baby!  I live an hour away from the office, but have no problem traveling to see her for her expertise!  I will stick with her as long as she is in Machias! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
28	1	I have been to Dr. Daigle the last 2 months at least 4 times. He has had to do 3 crowns for me and is so gentle with the needle. He is very soft spoken, intelligent. Professional. Saved me some money not doing a build up when i didn't need one. Good office hours and they are working with me on getting them paid over a couple of months. First dentist I have felt comfortable.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
28	1	great experience. made a plan and stuck with it. painless novacaine.... he has the touch! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
28	-1	Crowns and fillings on two patients lasted less than a year. Left untreated cavaties in childs mouth.. New dentist found seven..  Very poor attitude toward patients 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
29	0	IM A REGULAR PATIENT OF DR. DOLAN, HIS STAFF IS INDIFFERENT TO WHAT THE PATIENTS ARE GOING THRU. I CALLED 2 WEEKS AGO WITH NEW SYMPTOMS IN MY RIGHT ANKLE WHERE I HAVE AN UNOFFICAL DIAGNOSIS OF RSD. THE SOONEST APPOINTMENT THEY COULD SEE ME WAS JUNE 13. HIS NURSE CALLED BACK AND TOLD ME TO SEE THE ORTHOPEDIC DOC. BEFOR COMING TO SEE DOLAN SO THEY CAN RULE OUT A BONE ISSUE.  ALL I KNOW IS IT FEELS LIKE A BURNING **** KNIFE IS BEING DRIVEN THRU MY ANKLE.  	1	3	3	2 	Insurance:Workers Comp
29	1	The office staff seemed uninterested in anything about me. His MA was just kinda unfriendly. But he was AWESOME! I feel like he definitly made up for the akwardness of the staff. I greatly appreciate what he's done for me.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
29	1	His staff is friendly, he will listen to suggestions and ideas, and is an all around nice guy. He spends time talking to you, not just throwing drugs at you. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	He treats my teenage daughter for migraines. Very professional and very smart.  Also his staff is extremely nice.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
29	1	Very professional and has helped me a lot.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
29	-1	Dr. Dolan seems to only know one treatment - go home, do these exercises and lose weight.  This is what I was told for a year and a half when I had complaints of chronic migraines, numbness in my toes and severe back and hip pain.  Even after my OB-GYN found 2 tumors (17cm and 15cm) in my abdomen, Dr. Dolan continued to insist that it was impossible for a tumor to be large enough to put pressure on the nerves and cause my toes to go numb.  He also indicated that he would not know what type of tests would be done to find a tumor that might exist in someone's abdomen.  He attempted to humiliate me in his office by showing me a diagram of the female body and how impossible it would be for me to have a tumor that big.  It is now 3 months after my obgyn removed the tumors - I have a copy of the pathology report.  The tumors are gone, migraines are gone, chronic back pain is gone, numbness in my toes... all gone.  In my opinion, this doctor is rude and does not know Neurology. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	Steve Dobieski is an excellent doctor.  He's knowledgeable, but refers when necessary.  His referrals have always been excellent as well. Whenever I go to a referral and they find out that Steve is my doctor I always hear the same thing - &quot;oh, he's an excellent doctor&quot; and no, you don't always that.Steve pays attention to what you say, and isn't judgmental. My fiancee and his son have also switched to Steve - and didn't realize what a good doctor was like (until they had Steve). I can't recommend him highly enough.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
31	1	Dr. Deck is one of the best physicians you will ever find ! He is a treasure both because of his medical knowledge and his humanity. Truly a good soul who listens , cares, and is able to put it all together.  Great doctor ! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	-1	Just found your site. Dr. Davidson, is a disaster! A year in a half ago, I broke my wrist, simple, clean break. He set it wrong! Had to have it rebroken, steel plate put in and almost a year of very painful PT to get my hand back. It will never be the same, ever. Saddly, I am not alone. I've heard of 7 other patients, he's also messed up on. The man (not a Dr.!) should not be allowed to practice medicine, period! And I told him that too! DO NOT SEE DR. DAVIDSON, if you want a positive outcome.. :((  .  	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	-1	Dr. Davidson may well be a good doctor, I'll never know.  I felt hurried and rushed through the appointments, tried to schedule surgery several times.  After about half a dozen calls the results were pretty well as expected, &quot;he can help you some time in the next few weeks&quot;  By that point I'd had enough and fired him.  I didn't feel like I got good care.  	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
32	1	I have had several surgeries with Dr. Davidson, and have always been very satisfied with the care I received.  His staff is sometimes flakey, and I have sometimes had problems with getting them to fax forms and other needed material to my place of work or insurance, but even those problems eventually got resolved positively.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
32	1	I presented to Dr. Davidson with NO left knee; it had been removed and replaced and then removed again in West Va. due to infection. I could not find an ortho doc who could properlt repsair the situation. Dr Davidson took my case to an Ortho conference, received the advice of his peers, notified me that this would be a rough one with possible amputation. Nevertheless, he did install a new knee that works better than expected. While under Dr. Davidsons care,I have had the same infection that necessitated the removal of the knee in W. Va. two times and he has brought me thru it boyh times without major surgical intervention.  His staffe at the Lorton office are excellent! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
32	1	Dr. Davidson has very pleasant personality with lots of sense of humor. He is amazing when it comes to my problem with my right elbow which worsen due to birth defects, he was able to fix it and I no longer feel the pain. I am so grateful we have a very kind and gentle with lots of motivation to help with his patients to feel better. I strongly suggest you go to this doctor. You will be amazed at what he can do for you! Dr.  Davidson, thank you! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	1	Dr. Davidson is brilliant. He is personable, intelligent and professional. He is one of the best doctors, in my vast experience, I have ever had.  	 6/29/06		5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	1	Most sincere, genuine, insightful doctor I have ever met. The only negative point is that he is sometimes late because he chats with all his patients.  Highly recommend him!!! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
34	1	Very friendly staff.  Doctor has been in practice for a very long time and is very knowledgable in total health and nutrition.  I recommend him to all of my friends. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	0	.  	2	2	1	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	1	. the man is awesome and sweet and a wonderful bedside manner   he knows what he is talking about  run ladies to go see this man 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
36	1	Chuck de Seiyes is an unusual doctor. He has no pretensions about him -- he expects you to call him by his first name -- he is extremely thorough in understanding your medical problems and is genuinely interested and motivated to help you. Unfortunately, he works through True North, a healthcare organization that does not accept insurance -- so you either submit to your insurance carrier personally (if they cover such services) or you private pay. Chuck is such a refreshing change from standard MD egos, you will be not only delighted by his personality, which is fun, witty and humorous -- but you will be extraordinarily impressed by his genuinely motivated care of his patients. If you have a serious medical problem, he's one MD to have in your corner. I HIGHLY recommend Chuck deSeiyes for anyone wanting intelligent, motivated and genuine healthcare. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	. Excellent! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	-1	.  	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
38	-1	.  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	1	In my opinion, Dr. de los Heros is outstanding.  He cares very much about his patients.  He also has a very good knowledge about food supplements and natural remedies.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
39	1	Dr. DeSai saved my life.  Although I personally have no memory of him, he performed emergency brain surgery on me (I was in a coma at the time).  Today, I am walking and talking, which indicates he did a pretty good job.  Additionally, later doctors who monitored my progress after the surgery commented that he had chosen a particularly good place to perform his incision, which resulted in minimal scarring.  Although I have never had the chance to personally thank Dr. DeSai, I am confident in recommending him to anyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
40	1	This Dr.is great and the staff is outstanding. It is like going to a family reunion when I go in for my check ups and whe I have a problem they do every thing they can to get me in and take care of it. I've been using them for 10-15 years and though they moved to Newport it is still worth the trip. THEY are GREAT 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	Dr. Delorie really listens to the problem and does everything he can to provide relief. He is very caring and thorough. Highly recommended. His staff are all very nice also. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	Dr DeLuca is one of the most knowledgeable physicians I have ever had. I find him extremely helpful.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
42	1	Very helpful and always willing to talk about needs and fears. Calls us at home in the evening when we leave a message for him. BEST Doctor we have ever used... 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	She is The Best!!!  Caring, loving, compassionate &amp; very professional.  My husband &amp; I have been going to Dr.  &quot;C&quot; for 3 yrs and just Love her!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	1	The office was dirty, the equipment old. I had a procedure done and specifically asked if I would be ok to wok the next day and was told without a doubt I would be. A week and a half later I called because something MUST be wrong as I was still out of work, unable to speak and was told that was to be expected. 	3	5	4	3 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	dr. D'Angelo was very personable and knowledgeble. he set my mind at ease about the surgery i was to have, which was a complete sucess.  his office staff was very nice and made any and all paperwork easy to take care of.  thanks to all.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
45	1	He did my ruptured disk surgury. He was in the recovery room when I woke up and has always made time for me with my apre surgury paranoia. Always very nice and friendly. Great jokes, but REALLy knows what he is talking about.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
46	1	I only had to pay for xrays. but if you have xrays or you have your gp take them you won't have to pay for xrays. dr. Chris is a wonderful dr and person! he has taught me so much, about my pain, my spine, my body overall and he has helped me so very much! i wish i could send everyone i know to go see him! he honestly cares about you as a person and your health - not just your chiropractic needs. he listens and is always helpful and answers questions about any health subject you may have. please go see this dr. even if you must drive a ways to see him! it will so be worth your time. also, his office is willing to work w/payments if you cannot afford to pay all at once.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
47	1	Listened carefully, took complaints seriously, thorough examination. Communicated very well in a manner that helped understanding.  Recommend highly 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
48	-1	. uncaring afraid to give meds uncaring not dependable not a good docter 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
49	1	He charged a flat rate, to be paid over the course of two years. I'm getting my braces off in December, and they look good! He's very friendly, honest, and patient with his clients. His assistants are also very gentle. Great orthodontist overall! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	I was very pleased with Dr. Dickes.  He initially estimated a year and a half on my daughter, but it was actually less than  6 months of braces.  He did not put on the bottom ones because he said the cost did not justify the minute amount of change that would happen.  I appreciated his honesty, as he could have easily taken my $130 a month for another year.  I am taking my other child there this fall.  A+  very pleased! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	He's my orthodontist. That should definetly be on the list of types of doctor. Anyway, I want to BE an orthodontist. SO I guess you could consider him a role model. My teeth look great and I've never had any issues with him! Nice man :-) 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
50	0	This doctor seems more concerned with his needs rather than his patients'. Finds caregivers a problem to deal with.  There seems to be a disregard for patients, staff can't seem to return common courtesy.  A big disappointment as this doctor feels that he provides geriatric care.  Not the kind of doctor I'd want during an emergency.  A doctor I dropped after three visits.   Do not recommend! 	 1/8/11	2	5	3	Insurance:Medicare
51	1	Dr. Dempski is very professional and very knowledgeable in his field.  His staff is very good, also, showing professionalism and caring. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	I've had nothing but great things with Dr. Dicapua, and Dr. Cote. All the staff is wonderful, in my experience.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
52	1	Dr. DiCapua has been the PCP for both my husband and I for nearly 13 years.  We find him and his associate, Dr. Cote, to be knowledgeable, responsive, personable, and helpful in recommending and choosing the appropriate treatment.  He is not reluctant to refer to other care providers when needed, as was the case with our previous PCP.  He is genuinely interested in what the patient wants.  We would most certainly recommend Dr. DiCapua or Dr. Cote to potential new patients.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
52	1	Sam is very friendly amd shows genuine concern. He has been my doctor for 10 years. He is quick to refer to specialists but I think this is wise because no one can know everything in these times of so much medical knowledge.  	3	4	4	4 	Insurance:Anthem
52	-1	At my appointments the dr seemed to be hurried, only once in 4 times did he take vital readings, such as weight height etc. He did take time to go over test results and &quot;scolded&quot; me into feeling like I was a child. He wrote scripts for me and when the costs were outrageous he offered NO other alternatives except to say YOU HAVE to Have this medicine. ( what did they do before this &#63;&#63;_) I was very taken aback when he basically walked out of the exam room and never came back to talk to me about alternatives. I since have found another Dr to address my concerns. I would not recommend Dr Dicapua.  	3	2	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
52	-1	I do not feel this doctor care for you as an individual. He does not listen, simply dispenses meds. Not what you would expect after years in practice.  	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:CIGNA
52	-1	He is not thorough... many reasons for this comment over the last 5 years...will be seeking a new GP for both husband and myself.  It's too long to go into but I've heard about many other cases(not only ours) where his dangerous lack of initiative has put many in grave danger...   I will not state details because of liability issues but just a heads up to others to seek a different Dr if you are over 30.  He's great with a wonderful laid back bedside manner if you are very healthy and very young.  	3	3	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
