dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	-1	Crowley Failed to diagnose Alzheimer's Disease and placed a patient into a Domestic Abuse Agency.  		1	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
1	-1	Dr.Kerry Crowley,MD failed to diagnose my Wife as having Alzheimer's Disease and failing to give a chance at a second opinion had my Wife placed into a Domestic Abuse Agency when at no time was there any Verbal Abuse but the cause was that my Wife was suffering from dillusion 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	Awesome doctor & staff.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
3	1	He not only does beautiful work, but he makes sure you're comfortable with whatever procedure he intends to do.  He uses the latest techniques and products available and likes to EDUCATE his clients in modern dentistry as well.  Very approachable. No big ego here. Just a great dentist with a great personality.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
4	1	Dr. Connolly has been my primary care physician for many years, and I have always found him and his staff to be very capable, approachable and sensitive.   He is a very good doctor! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
4	1	I have been a patient of his for more than a decade, he is knowledgeable, helpful, and concerned about the health and wellfare of his patients. I am happy to and feel fortunate to have him as my Doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
4	1	Dr. Connolly is a wonderful doctor. We, as a family, have been seeing him for 10+ years. My only complaint would be that it is very difficult to get in to see him. There is up to a month wait for physicals for children. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	-1	45 minute wait in office after appointment time began. Substandard follow-up care resulted in emergency situation later. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	Dr. Cheng has the wonderful combination of skills that one wants in a physician. He is medically knowledgeable and takes plenty of time to ask questions and listen to concerns/problems.  He has a friendly nature while maintaining a very professional demeanor. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	Dr Cheng has always been very punctual and takes his time with you. He never seems to be in a hurry to get to the next patient but will explain and listen to you. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	I am 25 and was recommended to Dr. Curlik for unknown urological problems I have been having for the past 5 years. He cares enough to take the time to listen and analyze the each individual's situation before taking the next step. In my case I had a surgery performed which went very smooth.  I' ve been to other Urologist, who had big reputations but barely gave patients the time of day. Dr. Curlik takes the time to listening. I wouldn't say he is the most personable doctor, but then again his job is to figure out your problem not hold your hand. Also, you may have a bit of a wait, but it is because he takes the extra time necessary to be thorough with all his patients.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
6	1	Dr. Curlik is one of the best Urologists around. Thus, he has a very busy office.Give yourself time when you make an appointment, he will run late. (good restaurants have a wait too)  He spends time with you when you need it and  he tells it like it is.  He is also an excellent surgeon. His staff is very helpful and they do a great job trying to accomodate your needs. I would definately recommend Dr. Curlik.  	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	-1	Did not believe I had an infection until the lab results came back positive. Then, when the antibiotics he prescribed did not work..and I returned..he offered no solution. 	5	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	Dr. Curlik is an outstanding doctor. He has very good bed side manners, listens to you, truly cared how I was feeling and always returned my phone calls. He's an excellent surgeon. He highly recommend him and is one of the top doctors I have seen. I hadn't called him so he actually called me to find out how I was doing and when I was going to be in the office. I'm thankful everyday that he was on call at Overlook Hospital when I had complications during my c-section. Even if he didn't take my insurace I would still see him; that's because he is a great doctor and worth every penny if paying cash.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
6	-1	Based on what he thought was wrong from my description of my symptoms, without doing any tests other than a flow check, he recommended a hospital procedure.  I underwent an unnecessary general anesthesia.  He wound up doing nothing for me other than taking a look inside.  Afterwards, he was not interested in discovering the cause of my problem and more or less dismissed me.  Stay away from this clown if you value your health.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
6	1	Very caring and competent doctor. So glad we found him.After being misdiagnosed by another urologist, Dr. Curlik had me better in a few short weeks.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	1	Wonderful caring doctor. Takes time to listen.His staff is so helpful. His son Roger really runs the office well. they will always fit you in if there is a problem.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
6	1	Dr. Curlik is a very caring physcian. He is considered to be a doctor's doctor.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
7	-1	She is opinionated, judgmental and overall not very helpful.  	1	4	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
7	-1	this therapist hasn't a clue. says nothing; picks up on nothing; can't see the client's pain, but guesses from her book of diagnosis.  		4	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
8	1	Dr Ramon has been my doctor for years. He really cares about his patients. Awesome MD!!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	Sometimes you have to wait awhile but it is well worth it.  Dr. Cheleuitte actually cares for his patients and takes the time needed with everyone.  The staff is very nice and helpful, always remembering each person that comes in by name and giving each visit a personal touch instead of the generic push them through fast coldness you get in other offices.   Definitely the best practice I have ever entered in my lifetime! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
8	1	This is a doctor who really cares about his patients.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
8	1	A wonderful physician...caring, compassionate and down to earth. A good man. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	Dr. Coomey is a thorough knowledgeable physician with an excellent bedside manner. I have never ever felt rushed but have always felt listened to. He is caring and considerate but up on the latest medically and has no problem with one getting a second opinion or sending to a specialist if he feels he is not the best one to treat a condition. Scheduling is done so there is no waiting and it is easy to get an appointment.  I highly recommend him 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	-1	Impatient, cold. Has foot halfway out the door if you have a question.  	3	4	1	2 	Insurance:Anthem
10	1	She saved my life. BEFORE I saw Dr. Carr, I was tested both in the hospital (chest pain) and by a cardiologist. After testing the cardiologist said &quot;nothing wrong with your heart. The pains persisted and I went to Dr. Carr. She made an immediate and direct phone call to another cardiologist and insisted that he do a cardiac catheterization. I went from her office directly to his. This cardiologist said the ONLY reason he's doing a cath is because &quot;Dr. Carr insisted&quot;. He actually was kinda talking down to me. Said I was 47, not over weight, non smoker etc. Well I had a 99 and 95% blockage.  She cares, listens and is very knowledgeable. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	-1	I changed doctors because it seemed she was not concerned about overall health just getting me in and out and collecting the fee for the office visits. She never once suggested a colonoscopy although I was way over 50 and had a history of family cancer. She came across impatient and uncaring. I reviewed my medical records and she had recorded a medical condition I;ve never had. Probably OK if you are fit and healthy and just want a quick annual exam. Not recommended if you are older or have anything wrong with you.  	3	3	1	3 	Insurance:Anthem
10	1	Love her. She listens, explains in language I understand, has sense of humor, very caring, thorough, knowledgeable and personable. We start chatting about common interests when she walks through the door which puts me at ease quickly. She is a great doctor. NO COMPLAINTS.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
10	0	I experienced difficulty with communication between Dr. Carr's office and my pharmacy.  Twice I ran out of medication before prescription was filled with the pharmacy saying they did not have the presciption and Dr. Carr's office saying the pharmacy did have refill prescription.  Unsure where the problem lies.  	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:CIGNA
10	1	Excellent doctor. Would recommend very highly.  A++++ 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
10	1	Dr. Carr seemed genuinely concerned about my wellbeing- even called me herself with test results.  	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Tricare
11	0	I feel the same as most. The staff is very rude. It seems as though, neither the Doctor or his wife want to be there. Not sure if all Doctors do this but he schedules 3 people at the same time, every 15-30 mins. I try to joke around with him to get a smile out of him but the smile doesn't happen too often.  	1	2	3	3 	Insurance:CIGNA
11	-1	I stopped going to him years ago.  He tried telling me that a specialist was wrong on a diagnosis, But it turned out that Candelore was wrong and the specialist was correct.  He is rude and arrogant, and if he's having a bad day, you will be the recipient of his sour attitude.  His wife who worked in the office was also rude, especially to other females, I noticed.  	1	1	2	2 	Insurance:Aetna
11	1	I have been with Dr. Candelore for many years and he has always gone above and beyond for me. Everyone has a bad day.  He is the only physician who will squeeze you in on the day you call if it is an emergency. Nobody does that anymore. I have a very complicated case and he has tried everything to to try to help me. He has made a difference in my pain level where a specialist who treated me for two years didn't. He also makes me feel like he really cares how I feel. He apologizes to me that he can't make the pain go away totally. I love him. My husband goes to him as well and he feels the same way. I guess everyone has their own feeling about someone. Yes sometime forgets where he is with me and he will say okay, where were we. That shows a doctor who isn't afraid to say it, rather than read through the chart (mine is very thick) it speeds up the visit. It also allows him to see that person that he had to squeeze in. I don't mind because I have been that patient. He has new staff.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
11	-1	I have gone to this Dr. for many years and now have left, because of the care I was receiving. He was very mad that I left.  I have also found out now that he has talked about me to another patient who I work with.  My advice to you would be to seek other care.  The office staff are not freindly either.  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
11	-1	It doesn't seem like he wants to be working any more I have gone to him for many years, and find he has trouble with staying on track with your care.  The office staff isn't very friendly and makes it hard for you to want to come into the office.  I really don't feel welcomed to the practice anymore.  I also feel that it is really hard to ask questions due to the fact that sometimes you don't get a answer or he gets upset with you for asking a question.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
11	-1	Ths Dr. seems to get hostile if you ask questions sometimes.  Will give you a RX and not tell you what it is for.  Doesn't follow up on patient care.  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
11	-1	The doctor starts treating for one thing and later on he starts treating for something else and totalies forgets about the first item. And if you ask a question or question what he is doing he gets very hostile.He does not create patient confidence.We have talked to several former patients and I won't repeat what some of then said about him.Other medical persons do not have a high openion of him either.  	2	2	1	2 	Insurance:Medicare
12	1	Excellent doctor, spent a lot of time explaining options and process, very pleasant, and a skilled surgeon. I had an aortic valve replacement and a &quot;maze&quot; (not sur of spelling) procedure to address fibrillation problem. The staff was also very well-informed and comforting.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
12	-1	The doctor was very short with me and my family. I felt like he wasn't interested in answering my questions.  	4	2	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	0	I am or was a patient who had a front tooth repaired by DR. Curtis that broke. Not his fault He fixed it and it broke again. Now this time I was told that in order for him to fix the tooth again I would have to under go a full set of xrays for no reason and have them do a full cleaning. And also be a patient and go every 6 months! Or she would simply send me to a clinic. BY THE WAY I AM A PATIENT!!! I go when like 78% of other people go when I can afford to go.I don't need to make them rich!!! To have my tooth repaired This is sick. Shame on you nice way to do dental work and I liked this dr curtisThe woman who called me back should be fired it's unacceptable Bob in Gorham with a chipped front tooth 	1	5	1	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	Friendly, knowledgeable staff. Clean comfortable environment. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	-1	Very unprofessional, all he cares about his money, he doesn't care about patients.... you always have something to do either a filling or crown, a rip off 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	Been going there for years.. very happy. Only problem I ever had was office mistakenly interpreting insurance and saying it would cover sealants. 	4	5	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
13	-1	The office is unfriendly.  The worst hygenist ever.  Filling not done correctly and repaired by another dentist. Insurance errors and even though I was quoted and paid the copay I was then balance billed by the office.  This is illegal in the State of Maine.  Office refused to discuss.  The other dentist in the office who has since retired did an even worse botch job on my husband with a bridge. Do NOT use this dentist. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	Office Personnel was very rude, if not for Dr.  Carey's expertise we would go somewhere else! 	1	3	4	4 	Insurance:Anthem
14	1	Dr. Carey is a very knowledgeable and compassionate provider.   He cares about his patients.  	 4/22/09	4	4	4	Insurance:Medicare
14	0	 	5	4	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
15	0	I like this office a lot but unfortunately did not have a good experience with Dr. Caldwell.  My doctor is away and so when I was sick, I had to see Dr. Caldwell.  She seemed more interested in talking about my weight problems than in why I was there.  Any time I tried to change the subject, she found a way to get back to my weight.  She also implied that I was creating an unhealthy environment for my children (who are actually slightly UNDERweight) without asking me anything about our meals, etc.  Nevermind the fact that I am a recovering anorexic/bulimic - she would have seen that had she bothered to look at my chart.  At the end, she again said I should see a dietician and wanted to print out a pamphlet.  Yes, I'm overweight.  However I'm about 60 pounds overweight,it's not like I'm in imminent danger. Plus, I exercise 5 days/week and I have a thyroid disorder.  All things she never bothered to ask about or wanted to discuss.  This doctor clearly has a prejudice and an agenda.  	5	5	2	3 	Insurance:CIGNA
15	-1	I saw this doctor only once and I will never see her again.  Caldwell didn't even look at my chart and had no knowledge of my previous medical history even though I had been seen by her colleague in the same office before she left.  The only medical act she did was to listen to my heart for about 15 seconds.  The rest of the time she was either running out of the room to talk to a nurse about another (non-emergency) patient or pushing her own agenda to get my stomach stapled -- AFTER I told her 3 times I would lose weight another way. Even my normally very patient husband, who was with me at the time, remarked how unprofessional she acted and what a waste of time the visit had been. So don't bother with this doctor. She doesn't listen, doesn't answer your questions, doesn't do much, and is rather cold and uncaring.  	3	5	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
15	0	Saw this doc after many months on Intermed waiting list.  She is only part time and seemed somewhat bored - never looked at my records prior to seeing me.  Going back to Mercy.  	3	1	3	3 	Insurance:Anthem
15	1	I am so fortunate to have found Dr. Caldwell.  She listened to me, and has helped me a great deal in ths short time I have had her as my PCP.  My last experience with my doctor almost scared me away completely.  Dr. Caldwell renewed my faith in medicine, and has helped me deal with some very serious medical issues that were carelessly missed before.  I am so fortunate to have her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
15	1	She was bright, personable and absolutely delightful.  This was my first visit, as I was referred to her, and was pleasantly surprised.  I had a sinus infection and needed to see her asap, and they got me in to see her within 2 hours.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	-1	This Doc's bedside manner left much to be desired.  I don't think she even glanced at my previous records before seeing me and she wasn't a great listener.  Also, I was handed several forms, including a medical history form, to fillout by the receptionist....she said the doc would take it when I got in the room but the doc didn't even look at it...In fact the doc left the room after my exam and my forms were just laying there on the table.  She doesn't seem like she knew what she was doing and offered little help or suggestions.  I will not be going back to this doc. 	2	3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
16	-1	I have Martins Point. Co-pay is $5.  This Dr was rude and actually told me to &quot;Hurry Up&quot;.  I had an itching rash.  He did not even suggest an ointment!  Would not really discuss second reason for appointment (possible bad hip bone).  Never - ever will I see him again!  If I want to be treated rudely and my have my information ignored, I can talk to my family! 	5	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	We are relatively new in Coldwater and received many opinions before selecting Dr. Cowell as our family physician.  We are happy with our choice.  He is very knowledgeable, concerned and has a good bedside manner. Dr. Cowell is also well respected by his fellow physicians as he was elected chief of staff for the local hospital.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	I'm really impressed and very satisfied with Dr. Cowell's knowledge, professionalism, and bedside manner. I have multiple ailments and he's been spot-on with all of them.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	0	Friendly, doesn't seem too knowledgeable about some treatments and won't aggressively try to help you with a problem.  	3	2	3	3 	Insurance:Anthem
19	0	Nice manner - waiting room has an unclean feel.Staff is kind and friendly as is the doctor. 	5	5	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	The office is very punctual, not like the large family practices. Both the nurse and the Dr are helpful outside of appt. times. A phone call with a question more often gets an answer than 'you have to come in and be seen'.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
20	1	AMAZING doctor. She really listens to you, address's all concerns, know's her stuff, down to earth. Would highly recommend. She was my doctor through my last pregnancy and delivered my baby. I wish I found her earlier.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
20	1	Dr. Chappelle took over where my old family doctor retired.  I was a bit hesitant to go from a male doctor to a female docore (being male myself), but Dr. Chappelle was nothing but friendly and professional.  She seems to be very knowledgable, putting me right at ease through the transition.  I wish every transition in life was this easy.  For anyone out there who has the fortune to have Dr. Chappelle as your primary family doctor--you are in good hands.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
21	1	She is wonderful. She answered  all my questions before I got to ask them.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
21	1	This is an amazing office. I had a high risk pregnancy and they were always there to and always got me the answers I needed.  Thanks! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	She did a wonderful job with my surgery and was very attentive, even calling me at home post surgery to check on how I was feeling. Thorough, professional and caring. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	I would trust my fife to this doctor.  He is a true physician 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	-1	He dissected many patients coronary arteries. Many have needed emergency bypass. Some have died. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	I like this Doc. She listens and helps educate. She may not know everything, but knows where to get answers.  	3	4	5	4 	Insurance:CIGNA
23	-1	I had been a patient of Nicole Cherbuliez for several years.  As long as I just needed an annual physical she was fine but as soon as I had a real health issue I discovered her incompetence and she was just not there for me.  She was incapable of communicating the test results from cardiology and in her frustration just threw them at me and told me to read them myself.  She was negligent in that she was prepared to prescribe a toxic dosage of a prescription.  Fortunately I knew enough about the prescription not to accept it.  After my 15 minutes were up she repeated several times that she needed to get to her next appointment.  I quickly found another physician who is just wonderful and am writing this to help others avoid this same horrible situation.  	4	4	1	2 	Insurance:Anthem
24	-1	Works for the benefit of the insurance company, not the patient's benefit. Sad.  	5	5	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	She is a wonderful Dr. I am patient #4, been with her for years,very professional,kind & understanding, LISTENS!,has empathy for the patient,& quick on referalls when needed. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	Dr Caron is friendly and approachable. She is a good listener and truly has the patient's best interests in mind. I have complete trust in her abilities.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
26	1	Dr. Caron has been my dentist for many years. She has fit me in for minor emergency , the same day I call, more times than I can count.  Her hygenists are all friendly and efficient.  The staff is helpful and professional. Top notch practice! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	This office is run very efficiently. Dr. Caron is very cognizant of the latest dental information and is very respectful of her patients. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	Takes the time to actually listen to me and has helped with issues that other doctors had ignored.  They have a program to help with low income patients. The staff is amazing! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	Dr Cyr has been our doctor for 15 years (Mom,Dad, 10 and 13 year old). She has been knowagable and helpful thru good (births) and bad (severe multi trauma) and I would highly recommend her practice.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
32	1	She is a great person who is always upbeat and willing to squeeze you in whenever needed. She will work her day around your schedule and always has advice that is reasonable for you.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
32	1	Dr. Cline is very nice and knows alot about your over all health.  She gets you right in and out with very limitted waiting.  If any one ever get's into a car accident or just plain has back and neck pain then I would highly recommend Dr. Cline.  She makes you feel great physically and mentally.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
33	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
33	-1	In 1998, I and my son were patients of Dr. Clemetson regarding our mutual reactions to domestic violence and other sensitive matters.  With me, this man, who is no doctor I assure, was abusive, dismissive and downright malicious.  With my son, who was 10 at the time, Clemetson told him in my presence, &quot;I have been known to take boys who can't behave away from their mothers,&quot;  and in private my now 22 year old son has reported he was told he was going to end up just like his mother; I had  only a month prior had a nervous breakdown with suicide attempt and my son was  not living with me. This &quot;doctor&quot; did harm.  He's not just arrogant and egotisitical, Dr. Clemetson is dangerous.  Do not see him; do not bring your children to see him.  I see that 10 years has made no difference.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
33	-1	 	 7/28/10	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
33	-1	Dishonest, incredibly rude statements, vain, breach of patient confidentiality, frightened me, late for appointments, insulted me and most importantly he was always happy to make me uncomfortable with very delicate and insistant sexual statements and questions. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	Dr. Cote is extremely approachable and shows genuine concern in his treatment approach. During my visits I have always felt like a person in whom he is truly interested in assisting, not just another &quot;visit&quot; to hurry thru. I would highly recommend his practice. The staff is also very relaxed and friendly.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
34	1	Dr. Cote treats the WHOLE person. Never have I felt uncomfortable with any question or problem.  I feel very lucky to have found The Wells Family practice.  Dr. Cote is very caring, and also very approachable.  I highly recommend Dr. Cote along with the entire staff of The Wells Family Practice. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	-1	We are from Hope, Maine, and my wife saw Dr. Coyle once a few years ago for a heart condition. Coyle was late to start. He had an arrogant, rude and disrespectful attitude towards her, implying that my wife was exaggerating her condition and &quot;shopping&quot; for heart doctors. Well, turns out my wife had a number of imporatnt issues to deal with over her heart, which subsequent real doctors have helped her with. My advice: stay away from Dr. Louis Coyle of Rockport, Maine. Thank you.  	3	1	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	1	This doctors practice is wonderful.  They treated my injury with timeliness, and professionalism, making my return to work easier and seamless 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
37	1	Dr Carnes is an excellent young doctor. He is knowledgeable and helpful when deciding a plan of care, and truly cares about his patients. He is a great listener and a great teacher.  His down-to-earth nature and sense of humor don't hurt either!! 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
38	1	Dr. Cole is very personable; easy to talk to. I trusted him with my surgery and he did a GREAT job. A.D. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	I had my breasts done and lipo suction on my upper abs and I'm fine, my breast are great and my tummy is flat. I called with a problem, I was seen the same day and placed on medication. I received a letter that he moved to a different location and is working with a another doctor. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	I loved the Vaser! Dr. Cole did a great job with my liposuction.  I have recommended him to several of my friends. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	I went to see Dr. Cole for a consultation and he was so wonderful! He answered all my questions and spent a great deal of time with me. His staff made me feel so comfortable. I get my surgery in 2 weeks! Thanks Dr. Cole 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
38	-1	I scheduled a procedure, paid in good faith, but canceled the next day because I needed to wait till I had more time off work, to recover. I thought I would reschedule in a couple months. The contract I signed states there is a 20% fee if I cancel. So Beware ... the office will not refund all my money . I decided not to have anything done here. I would rather go to a friendlier , more understanding office. I would also rather pay for an office visit instead of being fined $300 for canceling the next day. 		5	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
39	0	 	2	2	1	5 	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	I find the other comments on this site amazingly surprising.  He saved my daughter's life after she was involved in a horrible car accident.  Also, my research has shown him to be in the top 10% of trauma/general surgeons in the nation based on Crimson patient data reports, which reviews complication rates, length of hospital stay, cost, AND patient satisfaction, to name a few.  I think the other reviews on this site are by the same person&#63; You should do your homework. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
40	-1	This doctor is arrogant and aloof. Waited for a very, very long time. Then when he arrived, failed to answer very important questions about my condition. I felt as if he was making things up as he went along. I would not trust him with my life. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
40	-1	.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
41	1	She is one of the best Doctors I have ever been to - before I started going to Vickie Chapman - I would just go to the ER when something came up!  Now I have regular yearly physicals and she has managed my COPD. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	WONDERFUL PERSONALITY.   VERY HELPFUL TO MY ELDERLY FATHER 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
43	-1	Mistreated my child's asthma w/albuterol.  Was demeaning when I asked about finding out what my child's allergies were.  When I did finally see a specialist I was told my child's asthma was not being treated properly and that continuing to treat that way was actually damaging to the lungs; long term care such as that has very sad results. 	3	5	3	1 	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	fantastic doctor, love him to bits 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	I regard Dr. Clark as an exceptional physician. Not only is he knowledgable and highly skilled, he is genuinely concerned and reflective about his patients needs. He spends time with his patients, asks the right questions, makes sure you have all information you need. He and his staff treats patients with every respect and regard. When you are in crisis or hospitalized, he's right there, watching out for you. If you are seeking a healer, a genuinely compassionate person for your family's care -- you cannot find another doctor better. I highly recommend Dr. Clark.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
46	1	I was most impressed when the Doctor had to change an appointment time, he called me himself.  He has an excellent memory of my medical history and is very patient with me.  When appointments are running late, he will come to the waiting room to explain.  I've been an 'emergency' myself.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
46	1	Dr. S. Cutone has always been available for an office visit or telelphone call.  He treats me 'gently' yet firmly to see that my physical and psychiatric needs are met.  If together he and I decide we are not happy with conclusions, he refers to the appropriate specialist.  His diagnoses have been 100% accurate.  I feel very safe going to his office, that I will receive excellent and personal care in a large office practice.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
46	0	He is timely but rushes. He is likely to miss something someday. I will not recommend him. 		5	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
46	-1	Doesn't listen.Time is money after all. 		5	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
47	-1	il a fait un traitement de canal dans mon pivot...résultat j,ai perdu la couronne qui SUPPORTAIT UN PONT 	3	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	The best doctor ever! I've been to a multitude of different doctors (mainly specialists and such) and I find myself comparing them to him. He listens to you and sincerely cares about his patients. I could never say enough good things about him.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
48	1	What a wonderful doctor! Great with children and adults.  Not ashamed to say he is an advocate for  your children, even if it means admonishing you for something, like smoking, that is detrimental to your children. And will do anything in his power to help you over the trouble. His office staff is caring, competent, and efficient. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	THE BEST doctor in Maine. So nice and laid back. LISTENS and treats patients like gold. Staff is competant, but a liitle luke-warm personality-wise.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
49	-1	just not someone i would recommend. if able to look elsewhere 1st... 		2	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	She is the best! Great bedside manners and so caring.  I love her! 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
50	1	Gained the trust and confidence of both my teenage daughters and has provided them with excellent care and education.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
50	1	Very caring and an excellent listener. Took my concerns seriously and addressed each one.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
50	1	I thought she was great.  Was concerned at first As I am post-menopausal and so many times they concentrate on the pregnant ones, but I chose her because her bio stated an interest in menopause.  Thought we had a great conversation and I liked our first visit. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
51	1	He deals with Breast Health as well as general surgery and has been wonderful and very helpful with dealing with my breast cancer. Young and very knowlegable. Would recommend him 100% 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	Knew what he was doing - great bedside manner and follow up care! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
52	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	. Caring, goes the extra mile for his patients, not afraid to call in specialists 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
53	-1	Mean 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	Dr. Wendy has been caring for my elderly mother for years and is warm, caring, meticulous, and thoroughly professional.  Wait times are short and she and her staff are always available for help and advice. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	Dr. Collins is very helpful, but comes off incredibly smug. Almost as if he wants you to remember &quot;your place&quot;. He listens well in the beginning of the appoinment, but you can tell he is trying to rush out at the end. It's very hard to get another word in as he walks out of the office. Even after just a short time with him.  	5	5	5	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
56	1	Doctor Carey is probably the BEST doctor I have ever had the pleasure of seeing as a patient!! He is kind, Knowledgeable &amp; sincerely compassionate!! If you ever need surgery I Highly recommend you request Dr. Carey!! I think he may also do pain management but I am uncertain. I cannot say enough good things about Dr.Carey as a doctor &amp; a person! He has been at most of my surgeries &amp; always cared a lot about my comfort level!! The world Needs More people &amp; doctors like him!! Dr. if you ever read this ...  Thank You so very much for being so Awesome!! 	 9/16/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
57	-1	I have been seeing this doctor for 4 yrs and she is worthless. Just keeps handing me a different prescription everytime I go in. I had to diagnose myself with food allergies 	4	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
57	-1	this dr has every thing i have. i have lympnoids. she does to. my legs twich and get cramps. she does to. i have a ear infection going on three weeks. my ear won't stop ringing. she has that to. i have a limp in my right leg and my hip hurts. she told me to exercise. i told her i fell. didn't matter 	2	4	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	Lynn Cote is a wonderful health professional.   She is one of the few remaining that actually takes time with her patients and cares about them! 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
58	0	I was not happy with my lack of treatment and was able to get relief and proper treatment when I changed doctors. 	4	2	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
59	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Cilley for 15 years...he is an excellent doctor.  I refer all my female friends and acquaintances to him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
60	0	. Too many patients, hard to schedule, unresponsive, doesn't return calls in a timely manner 	4	1	1	4 	Insurance:Anthem
61	1	I went to this doctor after having been misdiagnosed by two others. Diagnosis, professionalism, demeanor, knowledge all were above and beyond what would be expected 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
62	-1	Cold ,uncaring ,rude and nasty doctor.He is not good in dealing with patients. Totally lacks compassion. I will not use again.  	3	3	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	-1	Arrogant, pompous,uncaring,uncompassionate doctor. waited 6 weeks for an appointment and had literally 5 minutes with him. He seemed very abrupt and had the bedside manner of a dead fish.I have asked my primary for another referral. I will not go back to him ever.  	3	2	2	2 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
62	1	Extremely knowledgable, efficient and to the point. Excellent outcome from my procedure. Would use again. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	Dr. Joel Cutler is a very kind, sensitive man. Clearly knows his work. Takes the time until you are comfortable and understand his answers. My husband and I both have full faith in Dr. Cutler to treat me as needed. I have had him as my caridoligist for nine years. Thank you. A.  Costa 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	-1	In my experience, the man is rude, arrogant, and insensitive, absolutely the worst practitioner for people dealing with serious heart issues. Who cares if he's on time or if he's smart if he treats his patients with distain. 		3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	He is tops in my book.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
64	1	Wonderful doctor, helpful, patient.  Really knows his stuff.  Highly recommended.  I trust him with my life. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
64	-1	does not take the time to do a thorough exam, rushes, needs to be more open minded. He needs to use the testing procedures available to him. I came in sick and left sick, and stayed for three weeks. &#63;&#63;&#63; 	1	2	2	2 	Insurance:Medicare
64	1	Dr. chernin is an excellent doctor.My husband and I have been very happy with him. He has given us great care,and he treats his patients with respect and care.AAA for Dr. Chernin. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	Wonderful Doctor! I have been with Dr Charlebois for numerous years and just feel so good with him. I trusted him so much that I asked him to be the pediatrician to my newborn son.  Great doctor! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:AARP
65	0	The best I have ever had..listens to you and doesn't rush out of the office to the next patient, the time sis yours as long as you need him.  	5	5	5	1 	Insurance:Anthem
65	1	Dr.Rich is an incredible doctor. I've been with him for over 10years. He doesn't use doctor talk at you, he is down to earth and cares most about you understanding and getting what you need. He is always returning my phone calls and is now my sons doctor as well.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
65	-1	I have never felt so upset by an  interaction with a physician in my life.  	5	3	1	2 	Insurance:Aetna
66	-1	I truly regret seeing Dr. Claiborn. I believe he contributed to a further deterioration of my marital relationship. I personally expressed this opinion to Dr. Claiborn. I regret seeing him. If I had thought of it, I would have brought my concerns to the Board of Psychological Examiners to have them review my complaint. 	4	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	Karen is an excellent provider. She's caring, well-informed, sensitive to her patients' needs and really listens.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	1	She is a wonderful doctor. Dr.Calcott is on time and will do her best to help get the answer to your health issue. 	5	5	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
68	-1	I had my gall bladder removed by Clough in '08. Immediately afterward, there was a small lump at one of the incisions. I was led to believe it was scar tissue. Now 3 years later I have a large abdominal hernia. Could he have nicked my stomach&#63; I think so. Thanks alot Clough, now I have to have hernia surgery. AH. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	My visit was for consultation on my gall stones. While he seemed very knowledgeable about the surgery procedure, He lacks finesse and discretion. I have no idea why he felt the need to listen to my lungs, butI did not appreciate him flinging open my johnny coat, fully exposing my breasts  so he could do so. Luckily I kept my bra on and I was glad there was a nurse in the room, but I've been to many doctors in my 52 yrs and they all had no problem listening to my lungs through my shirt and always from the back! He had his stethoscope up by my collar bone! Needless to say, I chose another surgeon. 	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	He is a great surgeon and explains everything in detail before surgery.  I recently had gastric bypass surgery and he was awesome! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
69	0	Waited for hours every time I went to this practice.  	2	1	2	3 	Insurance:Coventry
69	1	 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	She takes her time and really listens. Very nice and very thorough.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
70	1	Appointments are always a little late, because they also allow for same day appointments, so someone may me bumped if someone else has any emergeny. However, if you are the one with the emergency, it is a nice benefit to have. At the actual appt, the doctor was very helpful. However, if you go for a physical, but also have a question, make sure you ask the question before the physical starts, cuz once she finishes her routine she is done. However, if you do ask a question, she is very helpful in explaining anything fully and helping you out in any other way she can. If you are pregnant, she does not do deliveries. Look for another doctor.  		4	4	5 	Insurance:Anthem
71	-1	no follow up for my 19 year old daughter with a serious heart condition. He doesn't care.  	4	4	1	2 	Insurance:Anthem
71	-1	This dr appeared totally inept in my condition. He was in such a rush to get in and out. I found him abrasive, rude,and curt. I have asked my primary for another referral. Dealing with this man makes me ill.  	3	4	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
