dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
7	1	 I'm shocked at the entry for 4/30/08 and wonder if this may have been for the wrong Dr.  Dr H is wonderful.  His office is clean, quiet and brand new - they just moved in last fall.  He has never been more than a few minutes late in over two years of seeing him every month, sometimes more often.  The staff is courteous and helpful.  The Dr really knows how to treat OMT and is very responsive to any need I have.   I would highly recommend him! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
7	1	commentsProfessional and pleasant. Treatment is gentle yet effective. 	5	5	4	4	Insurance:Unknown
7	0	commentsIf you like a smelly office, a LONG wait and an every changing personality(you never know what you'll see) go to him. He is never on time and keeps you waiting for a long while. If you are late for an appointment (and call) he gives it away to the next person in line and doesn't put you in at all. He is nasty. Stay away. 	1	1	2	4	Insurance:Unknown
17	-1	comments 	4	2	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	commentsAwesome Doctor 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	commentsI can not say enough wonderful things about Dr. Hanna! My son has been going to her for 18 months now and she is amazing. She has never made me feel stupid when asking a question, she is always kind and gentle. Now that my daughter is born she is also going to see Dr. Hanna. I seriously love her and you can tell she loves her job and working with small children. She is beyond amazing and one of the best doctors out there. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	 awesome,awesome very kind and very gentle loving to paients . dr hanna knows her practic for sure.shes one of the best doctors i have ever met.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
40	1	commentsOne of the sweetest, kindest doctors I've met. Has a way of making patients (even teenagers) feel at ease, and knows exactly what she's doing. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
42	0	 I think he is very knowledgable, but I do not know this for sure because I very seldom get to see him, even though I visit his office multiple times a year.  I am usually directed to practicing nurses or a physicial assistant.  He will only see a patient if the patient is about to have surgery or as a follow up to surgery.  It is extremely frustrating especially when you want some help from him.  Everything has to go through his staff and much of the time I do not hear back from them.  As a matter of fact, I have had appointments with his staff that I had known about because I was never informed.  His office staff is pretty much incompetent.  As for Dr. Hansen as a surgeon, I can tell you that I have heard good things about him, but that is only &quot;hear say&quot; information.  Please note, that when I have actually have seen him as a patient, he has been very compassionate.  I think that is what keeps me from changing to another urologist.  	1	3	2	4	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
44	1	 I really like Dr. Hanson.  She has been very helpful in treating my depression.  She is knowledgeable and caring.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
46	1	commentsDR HALL IS THE BEST HE HAS KEPT MY 73 YEAR OLD MOTHER VERY HEALTHY AND UP TO DATE ON ALL TESTS AND PROCEDURES. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	commentsThe doctor was very open to questions, very personable and very thorough in his examination. I have never been rushed during my appointments. I would definitely recommend him to others. Paid/Co-pay:$120	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	 I would return to this Dr. He answered all my questions thoughtfully and in plain English.  More than once he asked if I had any other concerns (spots I thought might b cancerous or eczema). He took his time to make sure I was satisfied with his explanations of my questions and concerns. Even though I went for a mole check he gave me recommendations for over the counter med for eczema. Overall I found him to  be professional and thorough.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
57	-1	commentsstaff must've told me 3 times that payment is due at t/o/s (like i was gonna stiff them). at appt, i asked to speak w/dr before disrobing, staff got upset: 'never had that request before, dr likes to have everything ready to go.' dr told me i have skin cancer looking at the wall mumbling and waving his hands instead of making eye contact. he was certain it was cancer so i agreed to go straight for surgery w/o biopsy but what he didn't mention was many surgeons require biopsy before treating. i asked for referral to plastic surgeon, he said his office would fax records to 1 or 2 surgeons of my choice but 'we're not going to go scouring the state of maine for you.' he seemed affronted that i wanted to look outside the bangor area, said in a snide voice that this wasn't a 'rare cancer' that required 'looking all over new england.' kept repeating, 'now you've been told my 2 doctors that this is skin cancer,' as if i didn't believe him. said, 'good luck,' as he ushered me out. 	2	4	1	3	Insurance:Unknown
57	0	 He gave me the impression that he didn't like touching you.  In my case the psoriasis was on my head.  My hair was very clean.  	3	5	1	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
57	1	 I went to him on recommendation of a friend. His office said they didn't take anthem but a month later I got a statement from my insurance they took that plan. Meanwhile I paid the $150 upfront but the office accepted my plan and was to only charge $85. They were required and did refund my money but had it for 2 months. The Dr. was rude and when I inquired about several moles to be removed he said, &quot;this isn't a wholesale type of procedure where the more you get taken off the less it costs.&quot; I had already been told by his staff the fees and was aware of the costs, he didn't need to say that.  		3	3	5	Insurance:AnthemPaid/Co-pay:$150
57	1	 My family has used Dr. Robert Haeberlein in several instances... removal of a pre-cancerous mole, as well as for teen acne. In both instances he was professional in manner, and if there was waiting time it was because he gave us the time needed to answer all of our questions and address concerns. The only negative is perhaps in the billing practice of having to pay up front and then submit a claim to the insurer. Since he is not one of Anthem's participating physicians (or was not at that time anyway), insurance did not cover the full level of the fees charged. Would I recommend Dr. Haeberlein to family and friends&#63; Yes.  		4	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
57	-1	commentsHe resented being asked any questions. His response to them was &quot;What is this, twenty questions&#63;&quot; During my first and only appointment, he raised his voice very loudly, several times, unprovoked, and wouldn't answer questions about tetracycline, a prescription medicine for acne. He opened the examining room door and said &quot;We're through here.&quot; His manner was unhelpful, unprofessional and intimidating. He did not provide medical service. I left and didn't return. 		2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	commentsvery nice Md 	4	4	4	4	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	 Dr. Harbage is an intelligent, kind and down-to-earth man. He has a wonderful bedside manner. He explains everything in a way you can understand it, without making you feel rushed or stupid. He is comforting and reassuring, patient and insightful. He has a great sense of humor, and is very personable.  I'm so glad he is my doctor! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
72	1	 Takes time to talk with patients.  Explains test results and discusses future actions needed.  Knowledgable about new treatments and medications.  Pleasant manner.  	4	3	4	4	Insurance:AnthemPaid/Co-pay:$20
72	-1	commentsDr. Hallbert treated me when I was experiencing weight loss, symptoms of PCOS, neurological complaints and anxiety. He reduced all of my issues to anxiety, insisting I take and retake online anxiety questionnaires. He did do blood tests, however. He was unconcerned with my stopped periods, acne and hair growth, which were diagnosed as PCOS at another clinic because I felt like I wasn't getting adequate consideration from Hallbert. He was also unconcerned with my serious weight loss (BMI was 17.3 at the time) and my fears and confusion that most of this loss was muscle loss. Overall, I felt abandoned and dismissed by his demeanor and way of addressing my complaints. His visits were 12-15 minutes in length and cost $85; he was unwilling to extend the length of visits if needed. 	3	3	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	 I drive 1 hour from Belfast to continue to see Dr. Hallbert after he moved to Bangor because he is such a great doctor. He is a very good listener; always keeps tracks of my problems and helps me with my medications.  I would follow him anywhere! 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
74	1	commentshe is wonderful 		4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
90	1	 Dr Hammond is the best doctor I've ever had and my kids all love her too! I will never again switch to another doctor as long as she is in practice.  I know several other people who have switched to her and are all very happy they did! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
