dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
5	-1	 Lantos is the worst doctor I've ever been to.  He overmedicated me so much I was drooling in the grocery store.  Honestly, don't waste your time, money or most importantly your health.  Find someone else.  This guy is not to be trusted.  He only sees you for 15. min. and doesn't follow up, except to give you more and more meds.  A huge ripoff and his lack of concern and care can have serious repercussions in your life.  Go to someone else!  Your next door neighbor is probably more help than he is.  	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	-1	commentsFelt  much worse after appointment than before.  Dr's office phone rang repeatedly  during my appointment. Indifferent. Careless. Poor doctoring. 	3	5	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	commentsDr. Lantos is 100 % psychiatrist; he is a very good listener, very quiet and reserved, very focused and seems very sincere in carrying out this role in his own reserved demeanor and way. He does not waste time presenting unnecessary factual information and jargon about patient's condition or diagnosis. Seems very concerned and commited to helping his patients and has a warm spirit that comes through as he does this. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	commentsDr. Lantos is absolutely amazing. I've seen a number of psychiatrists all around the state of Maine and he is by far the best. He's thoughtful and caring and an excellent listener. Not only that, but he immediately diagnosed my condition after several doctors had failed to do so and got me on the right medication immediately. I am so impressed with Dr. Lantos and would really highly recommend him to anyone. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	 Dr. Lantos was excellent. I have been to a number of other psychiatrists and he is the best. He was caring, compassionate, and insightful. He got me on the right medication and psychotherapy was very helpful as well. I recommend him highly.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
5	1	commentsI felt Dr. Lantos was highly professional.  He asked all the right questions and gave invaluable insight to help me understand my situation and encouraged me to continue on my path of recovery from depression.  He prescribed just the right medication and was a pleasure to see over the years.  I have recommended him to many people and they too have been happy with him. 	4	5	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
5	-1	commentsWrong medication which he constantly swithced for 9 years.  I was misdiagnosed. Thereafter he stated that I was sick that he could not help me and I was wasting his time. For references he scribbled 3 names on the back of a business card with no address or phone number.  Having been misdiagnosed for 9 years I lost those 9 years to this poor medical treartment where at one point he took me off of all medications as he grew angry with me.  I checked into a hospital at that time where Dr. Publicker stated that he had never seen such a sad person in his life.  This medication was abrubtly stopped which from what I understand is not medically safe.  Dr Lantos has a problem with anger control and reflected that with his poor treatment toward me.  His liscence should be revoked. 	1	5	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
7	0	.  Provides painkillers more than anything else 	1	1	2	3	Insurance:Anthem
19	1	comments 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	commentsVery nice, knowledgeable. Took time to answer all my questions. Succesful surgery, could not be more thankful. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	commentsI was skeptical about chiropractic care for a long time but Dr. Seth was great at explaining everything and making me feel comfortable. Now that I've tried it I can't speak highly enough of the benefits. I have been so impressed with the care that I get at Great Works Chiropractic and Wellness. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	commentsSeth is very professional, kind, and caring.  He listened to my complaints and concerns when we developed my treatment plan. I work construction and have had back surgery.  I was in constant pain when I went to see him. Since starting treatment, I have felt better than I have in years.  He has made time to see me after hours when I have been in pain.  He has worked with me to make payment arraingements.  I can not say enough good things about Dr. Seth. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	 Reimbursed thru Medicare.  Dr LaFlamme is by far the best chiropractor I have ever been to.  He is now practicing in Berwick Maine, so you can no longer be treated by him in Stratham.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
43	1	commentsI forgot I what it was like to feel this good! Thank you, Dr. Seth! Paid/Co-pay:$47	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
45	-1	commentsAs a first time patient, I have never had a less thorough cardiology exam in my life. The time spent with me was probably less than 6 minutes.  He asked me why I was there, looked over an echo-cardiogram result on the computer, and listened to my heart for a few seconds. Then mentioned one thing he saw on the report, and said I didn't have to return unless there was a problem. Prior to this doctor I had been followed by a cardiology doctor for six years and was seen every six months. His attitude was cold and I left his office feeling as if I had wasted his time. I would never recommend or return to this doctor. 	3	4	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	 Dr. Lastra is friendly, listens well, pays attention to your questions and concerns and has an excellent bedside manner.   I would highly recommend him as your OB/GYN 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
52	1	commentsI saw Dr Lastra for my last 2 pregnancies, compared to the first doc, he's by far the best OB I ever had.  He's very personable, he actually listens to me, has a great bed side manner and has a very gentle touch.  I would definitly see him again if I have another baby...or for anything else. 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	 Dr. Lastra is the greatest!  He listens intently and always discuses his thought proceses.   He takes time to educate and has an excellent bedside manner! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
53	1	 Dr. Laeger is a wonderful doctor whose thorough examination and knowledge saved my life through an early diagnosis of cancer! My mother, sister, and several friends have seen Dr. Laeger for years and each have found her to be extremely knowledgeable and thorough, and very friendly.  She even remembers my childrens' names! During exams, Dr. Laeger  carefully explains each procedure and answers any questions I may have.  I can not imagine a better doctor! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
53	1	 I do not agree with the previous review.  I have been going to Dr. Laeger every six months for about 8 years now.  She may not have a real bubbly personality or anything, but she is kind and friendly.  She is very thorough, and listens to what you have to say.  She always asks if you have any questions and gives free samples of prescriptions a lot of times.  When she is doing the exam, she always explains exactly what she is doing when she is doing it.  She does it very quickly and without causing you too much discomfort.  I dread gyno visits, but she makes them as comfortable as possible.  I have been to other gynos, and have not had the best experience with them.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
53	-1	 Not friendly at all, does not care about you, only wants her money. Not very personable at all. My mom and I both have gone in for several issues and she has offered no advice.  	1	5	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
71	1	 Dr. Lariviere is a very personable dentist.  His staff is very kind and caring.  They take time to answer all questions and seem knowledgeable.  Although they do not always run on time, you can call ahead, and they will tell you if they are running on time or not.  	5	3	4	5	Insurance:Delta Dental
76	-1	.   	1	3	1	1	Insurance:Aetna
76	-1	 I was a patient of Dr. Heidi Larson from around 1997 until mid-2005.  I had hoped to build a working relationship with a doctor so we could share responsibilities for my health as I went through mid-life and into the aging process.  I discussed this on my first and second visits to Dr. Larson and trusted her to understand and share my desires.   After several years of typical and normal checkups, she balked at my need for hormone replacement therapy.  A year or so later, she offered minimal antibiotics against a clear infection of Lyme disease.  Finally in 2005 she mis-diagnosed me as having diabetes and early kidney failure, based on poor tests that were hastily done without proper preparation procedures.  I sent a letter relating my discomfort with her assessments, but she curtly replied that she was &quot;not able to take the time&quot; to explain my concerns after any future appointments.  I still have negative impact from this experience.  	3	3	1	2	Insurance:CIGNA
76	1	 A wonderful kind and very caring medical professional. Dr. Larson has taken care of me for many years and not once during this time have i had anything but the utmost in care. Her staff reflects her care and concern for the patient.  she treats my wife and friends as well and i refer all my friends to her.  Dr. Larson is an above average Doctor in this day and age focusing on the patient.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
76	1	 Once I communicated carefully about details of conditions and concern about drug interactions, she was more focused. I think most patients just follow orders.  She is good once a rapport is established 	4	5	5	4	Insurance:Anthem
76	-1	 When seeing Dr. Larson, I get the feeling she would rather be anywhere but in her office.  She always seems bored.  Has diagnosed me and my husband incorrectly several times.  Sends patients for unnecessary tests.  Seems very scatterbrained - not interested.  Her staff is very unprofessional.  I had one of her staff laugh about my condition with a tech. at Mercy on the phone while I was standing in front of her.  Needless to say, we have switched doctors.  Save your time and money - don't see this doctor.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Anthem
76	0	 Her staff is fine and professional and I haven't had to wait a long time in the office.  But I know at least four other people who use her as a PCP and all are considering going elsewhere.  She seems mostly uninterested in people and the intricacies of their conditions.  Her office manner is abrupt, cold, and unfriendly and it feels like she is going through the motions of being a doctor and doesn't really care about the actual practice of helping people.  Her care is standard at best, but isn't even close to exceptional and she never seems prepared for an office visit....I expect my doctors to at least take a look at my chart before they enter the room.  I find myself having to remind her constantly of the previous visit, which she should have good notes on.   I'm not calling her a bad doctor....my life certainly isn't in danger....but I definitely wouldn't call her a good or caring doctor and I am finally going elsewhere.  	4	4	2	3	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
76	0	 Since moving to her new practice, we have had to wait between 45 min. and an hour in the waiting room. Office visits are very short (5 min.) and seem  rushed.  	3	1	3	3	Insurance:Anthem
76	-1	 Dr. Larson made me wait 1hr and 45 minutes for her. Then, she mistook poison ivy for a viral infection on my skin, not once but twice! It continued to hurt, so I went back for more help. She told me to put blistex on it. After demanding to see a specialist, I discovered it was poison ivy. The dermatologist enjoyed the laugh.  	3	1	1	1	Insurance:Aetna
76	1	commentsDr Larson is an extremely compassionate person with a true bedside manner. Her abilities as a doctor are second to none. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
76	1	commentsI owe Dr. Larson my life! I collapsed at the finish line of the Beach to Beacon with a temperature of 107.5. She plunged me into the ice-cube tub for 40 minutes, let me squeeze her hands to get feeling back in my extremities and was right there bringing me back. Her winning smile is forever etched in mind. Thank you so much, Dr. Larson! 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
77	1	commentsDr. Lachance is the best. He performed a total abdominal hysterectomy on me after a uterine cancer diagnosis. He is a perfect professional, bright, skillful and very considerate of your emotions. I am still seiing him for followup checkups and he is consistently excellent. I highly recommend him. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
79	-1	commentsHe is not good at listening to the patient. He does treat people like they are seeking drugs even after one visit. He did not know me at all and verbally attacked me in the office. After about a half a dozen screw ups on his staffs behalf,and treated me like I was just looking for drugs when I just had surgery. At this point I am not impressed and clearly there are staffing issues that at some point will get him in trouble. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
79	0	commentsDr. Lalonde treated my pain by prescribing me vicodin which then worked up to methadone and oxycodone. He is not a good doctor at all instead of treating my condition he got me addicted to painkillers for over 5 years. In that time period he did NOT ever tell me what I had or why I was in so much pain. Please if it happened to me it could happen to you. 	5	4	3	3	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	 Very good Dr. Cares about patients and has a good attitude about treating them.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
79	1	 I think he is a great Doctor and is very knowledgeable about his specialty and is very kind and he also really cares about his patients.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
79	-1	commentsWhen we had insurance he was great to my husband,however when we lost coverage it was like Dr jekyl & Mr Hyde! He told us that unless we were rich he couldnt help! I guess money means more than people! 	4	3	1	3	Insurance:Unknown
79	-1	commentsLeft sitting in the waiting room for 2 hours at the end of the day, never even got in to see the dr. 	2	1	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
79	0	commentsLong waits -  Bedside manner needs improvement 	1	1	3	3	Insurance:Unknown
79	-1	commentsThis doctor was very rude and inconsiderate. He treats everyone like they are drug seeking even if they are not taking pain medication. There are much better doctors in the Lewiston Auburn area. Such as the ones from Medical Rehabilitation Associates. Please do yourself a favor and avoid this practitioner. 		2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	commentsVery good Doctor 		3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
81	-1	 Katarina would look things up snd her phone and would just jump to a quick solution instead of really trying to understand what was going on. She was quick and took no time to get to know me or my ailments.  	4	5	1	1	Insurance:Anthem
96	1	commentsthis is the best doc we ever had.he is ver ver thourow 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
96	1	 He exsplance every thing so i under stood. If he was taking new clients i would go back now that I live back a round.  	5	4	5	4	Insurance:Medicare
