dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	-1	Doctor had license suspended by Maine Med Board in May, 2006 for 6 months, 10 years probation.Use the link on this website for more information. 	1	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Vigna for over 10 years. He is wonderful -- he takes the time to *really* listen. Although we are not in a large city or anywhere near a teaching hospital, Dr. Vigna obviously keeps up with the latest neuro-related news. He's very knowledgeable about the latest treatments and medications. I am very pro-active when it comes to health care. After receiving a rather unusual diagnosis, I decided to seek a second opinion. I saw the Chief of Neurology at Massachusetts General Hospital. While visiting a relative in the Midwest, I also went to the Mayo Clinic for yet another opinion. Each time, I brought a complete copy of my medical records with me -- from MRI's to lab tests. Both of the &quot;Second Opinions&quot; agreed with Dr. Vigna's original diagnosis and treatment. (Please note, Mayo and Mass General always rank in the Top 5 of &quot;U.S. News & World Report's Best Hospitals&quot; annual issue for neurology. [As well as being in the top 10 for nearly every medical specialty. ]) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	1	Wonderful caring, understanding, easy to talk to. Very up to date on new techniques and knowledge. Will work with you until you find something that gives relief. Very acccurate diagnostics.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	1	The best- totally cares, gives you all the time you need, answers everything, covers everything. I can't imagine a better doc.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	1	Great guy, His staff is not very smart and they dont know much 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	his staff sucks 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	-1	After a 2 hour waite.THey told me it would take 15 visits to fix my stiff shoulder.I left the same as i went in minus $150. for ten mins. of service that did nothing to help me out.their more interested in milking you out of money.the worst chiropractor service i have ever experianced. complete waste of time and money. Now I need to find someone else.they spent most their time telling me to come in for 15 visits.Never agian willI step in that office.I truly felt riped off and being set up to get riped off more.they told me on the phone I could put the vist on my ins. then told me the first vist had to come out of my pocket.I waited 2 hours for 10min. of doctor time. Idont have money to waste.I been temp. layed off. Dont do bussiness with health sorce of westbrook,Me. unless you have money to blow.I have visited many chiropractors over the years, this was the worst. 	3	2	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
4	-1	I saw Dr. Voss when he was the director of Maine Medical Ctr. Outpatient Psychiatry. I had filed a complaint against one of the counselors and we had a &quot;hearing&quot;. The hearing amounted to the counselor lying and Dr. Voss telling me (and I quote) = &quot;What you need to learn is that in OUR business, the customer is always wrong.&quot; .....A quote I will never forget. I advise you to remember it when seeking help. 	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
5	-1	This is a dangerous doctor.  He casually stopped a medication without discussion or notice and the medication was prescribed over 4 years ago at the Pain Clinic in Syracuse, NY, Veterans Hospital.  This is a dangerous life threatening act and displays the combination of arrogance and ignorance.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Veterans Administration
6	1	Dr. Van Hengel delievered my twins when I went into premature labor. I had never met her before but she was wonderful with me. Looking back, I know that she knew it wasn't likely my babies would make it but she also never took away my hope. She could have pressured me into deciding to not use life-saving measures but she didn't- she gave me all the facts in the kindest way possible and let me make the decision. My husband was out of town and she stayed at the hospital with me (well after her shift) until he was able to get there, just in case he had any questions. I wouldn't hesitate to see her again.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
6	1	She is very knowledgeable and caring. She really listens and is helpful with any questions you may have. I highly recommend her.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	-1	huge ego; would rather do what is right for her than the client. Stay away. Causes suffering and pain. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	 	4	5	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	Always Pleasant and helpful 		4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
11	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	She is the best!!!!! Helped diagnose my baby with cystic fibrosis; because of her expertise he is with me today. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	Dr, V. is WONDERFUL, and her nurse assistants are TERRIFIC. Phone staff is kind, usually get voice mail, seem overwhelmed with the volume sometimes. Secretaries work for 4 doctors each, PCHC  very generous to all of us, but the co. has over 200 people working there in a number of buildings, including dental, pediatrics etc. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
