dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	-1	.   	2	4	1	1	Insurance:Aetna
1	1	commentsI have a very rare skin condition. Not serious but cosmetic. No other dermatologists would touch me! They even revered me to a plastic surgeon.  The plastic surgeon after doing research found Dr. Sabean and referred me to him. Dr. Sabean knew immediately what my condition was and how to treat it! I was so impressed and grateful! After being on what felt like a merry-go-round of professional opinions I am so grateful to have found Dr. Sabean and am looking forward to my first treatment! Also would like to add, he was very friendly and nice! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
1	-1	 I was referred to this doctor for a skin cancer check (both parents have history). In addition to the stereotypical experience of a doctor's office, there was no one to greet in the waiting area. And the biggest problem was that from entry through the doctor's visit I was hit with the hard sell on various cosmetic treatments that were being offered. Despite serious concerns about my family medical history that should have prompted a thorough exam, I was given a cursory look over. Definitely unprofessional.  	2	3	2	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	1	 He is always kind and thoughtful. He is quick and knows what he is doing.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
1	1	commentsDr, Sabean is an incredibly warm, friendly, caring physician who really knows what he is doing. I will not let any other physician touch my face with botox or fillers except for him. The office staff is the same--very friendly, helpful and professional. 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	commentsStaff and patients refer to Dr. Sabean as a cosmetic &quot;artist.&quot; That he is. He knows his trade well and as much about products and procedures one can know. Definitely recommend him. Diane Knowlton 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	 Very care and personable. I saw her while pregnant and she helped me so much with discomfort. She is so knowledgeable.  I would recommend her over any other Chiropractor in L/A 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
3	1	 This is by far one of the best doctors of any type I have ever been to.  Her knowledge base is vast and is a very caring person.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
3	1	commentsDoctor really cares about patients wellbeing.  Very knowledgeble and takes the time she needs with you.  You won't feel like just another number. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	 I did not like going to the dentist until Barry Saltz- best hygienists, great dental work and referrals. fantastic with our children. I recommend you try this office if you are not getting the service you feel is best for you and your family.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Delta Dental
7	1	 Dr Saltz and his staff are excellent. You will not find a better dentist than Dr. Saltz in Portland. He's energetic, fun and extremely knowledgeable.  I highly recommend him!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Delta Dental
7	1	 We have been going to Dr Salz's office for 6 years; the best dental office and staff we have been to. I trust the information they give me on options etc.; we are extremely happy with our smiles and the great work done; I have never felt more comfortable than when finaly finding this Dentist for our family.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Delta Dental
7	1	commentsBarry is a good dentist and very friendly and accommodating.  He's higher priced than most others, so you pay more. 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	commentsBarry is the best and is also great with kids--he's very enthusiastic!  His staff is very friendly and gentle with their cleanings.  Everyone remembers who you are there, too. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	commentsExtremely professional and helped with my problem 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
20	0	commentsVery sloppy stitches in ER left big scars. 	3	2	3	2	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	commentsDr. Sammis is a very through and professional doctor.  Any time I need to see her she can usually squeeze me in. 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	 My daughter had 4 wisdom teeth removed and could not be happier with our experience. Dr.  Sarka is fantastic! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
27	1	 I trust Dr. Sarka completely.  He is very professional as well as empathic and helpful. He listens to the patients concerns, explains the procedure(s) and tries to make the patient as comfortable as possible.  He also has a wicked sense of humor which deflects the patients initial anxiety.  I have never had any complications or serious discomfort with any of the procedures, even the most complicated. His staff medical and office staff are also very knowledgeable, helpful, and cheerful.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
27	1	 May I start out saying I was very unsure about the whole surgical procedure,the extraction to the anesthesia.Dr Sarka was patient as I asked every imaginable question there was. (Im not kidding) He made me feel comfortable with my decision to be sedated. Like I said before was a big worry of mine. Dr Sarka even joked that he would rather I drive by his office happy then drive by and say not so nice things when I drive by. Now thats a great doctor, one who can make you smile when you can barely sit still and want to leave from anxiety. So with that said thanks Dr Sarka you get an A+ from a very satisfied client! P.S This client had four extractions with no symptoms! (pain or swelling) Thanks again Dr. Sarka, hopefully I wont need to see you again but if I do break a tooth etc, I WILL be back!! 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
27	1	commentsI am amazed that someone rated Dr. Sarka poorly. He is an EXEMPLARY Oral Surgeon! He pulled 1st tooth —one minute tops, with no residual pain. Later, when he did my 2 implants, another tooth had broken off and I asked if he could remove it at the same time.  He graciously said yes. It took about 40 minutes to get it all out. The waiting room was full when I came out, on a Fri. afternoon, because I needed his help. If you have to wait, there may be a reason beyond his control. Really, it's better for the patient to have to wait, than the Dr.  Think about it,if YOU are late, or don't show up, he has to support 5 people and office expenses with no income for that hour.  I've been to 5 dentists this past year and Dr. Sarka was the only one who gave me my costs up front and stuck to that number. Also, he has consulted with me about how to get better service from other dentists. He really cares. He is a gem. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	 Dr. Sarka is very knowledgable and has great bed side manner...two things you don't find much of lately. I only wish I had seen him first after my jaw was shattered as I had another oral surgeon mess my mouth up to the point that it took Dr. Sarka 8 hours of surgery to fix. I've never had an issue getting in to seeing him when something has come up. I gladly drive 2 hours to see him as I wouldn't trust my jaw to any other sugeon in my area.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
27	0	 I've had 3 appointment at this office.  All 3 times I waited 30-45 min. past my appointment time before the doctor saw me.  I had my wisdom teeth out and was in terrible pain for weeks after.  I called the office twice about the pain.  The first time the receptionist tried telling me it was probably dry sockets even though I knew it wasn't.  The doctor wasn't in so she said &quot;there was nothing she could do for me&quot;.  There was on on call doctor to help me.  So I had to suffer until they could get me in late the next afternoon.  He told me the problem was food impaction.  I went a week with this severe pain because they told me not to touch the extraction site.  He took a lot of food out of the sockets and sent me home with syringes to continue to do so at home.  I felt better, but pain continued for days after.  I called again and again he wasn't in and the receptionist again said she couldn't help me and again there is no covering physician to help me.   It is now day 11 with lots of pain 	1	1	3	3	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
33	1	 Dr. Saffer has been my doc for almost 20 years. Not once have I felt rushed with him. Not once has he missed anything I had wrong -- and I have had some major things that were subtle to spot over the years. He's taken time to show me pictures of his grandkids, introduce me to health newsletters, made great referrals. And yet he is this unassuming, gentle, kind man -- not just a doctor but really a fine role model as well.  And he looks about 30 years younger than he is, I might add: a living billboard for good health habits! 	3	4	5	5	Insurance:AnthemPaid/Co-pay:$15
33	1	commentsI had Dr Saffer as our family doctor for many years before leaving the area. I had 3 of my 4 babies &quot;with&quot; him... once his wife was expecting at the same time I was. He was so kind. He never mentioned the 'conflict of interest' in the situation. He didn't want to worry me that he might not be able to make it... he was there alright! He also served my family when my parents looked for care in their final years. He was so kind. Now those 4 kids of mine are grown. I have 4 grand kids and 2 more on the way THIS WEEK- my oldest son/daughter in law and my youngest son/daughter in law. Tonight I thought how LUCKY I WAS to have had a REAL doctor! HOW GREAT DR SAFFER IS! So, I found this site and wrote my spiel- God bless you Dr Saffer. And I envy anyone lucky enough to have him as their CARE giver! 		3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	 Seems like a good MD. Listens well, spends a good amount of time. Respectful.  		5	4	4	Insurance:CIGNAPaid/Co-pay:$20
33	1	commentsDr. Saffer is both professional and kind. He always has a little teddy bear hanging out of his pocket or on his stethoscope. He takes a thorough history and listens to what you have to say. He always seems to have time to explain whatever is needed. His office seems to have very low turnover, which I think is a good sign. 		3	4	4	Insurance:Unknown
35	-1	 Quick to diagnose severe incurable disease. Unwilling to consider root cause and treat accordingly. Quick to dismiss reasonable  approaches in treatments. Quick to prescribe dangerous meds with known severe side effects. Did not adhere to manufacturers warnings and mixed drugs causing the most severe reactions. Meantime, went away and left others in charge, which worsened my condition. Returned and was unable/unwilling to see severe reactions that caused more hospitalizations, blood clots and irreversible damage. Failed to note chart of reactions and never helped me get help to avoid permanence and severity of damage leaving me to be harmed further by demanding it was disease and not side effects...Gave him every chance to rectify-chose not to. He even failed to show for our last visit while I was still on his protocol and weaning from prednisone while fighting back from a quinolone poisoning. Self-described &quot;control freak&quot;.  Their 'standard of care' altered my life! 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
36	1	 The most knowledgeable health care provider I've used. Tim doesn't just adjust patients, he taught me what to do so that the problem did not re-occur. He does not keep me coming for unnecessary routine visits but describes red flags to watch for so I can determine when another visit is necessary. He is also excellent with athletes.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$5
38	1	 Best doctor in Maine- very through and very compassionate.   He cured me of my ailments and i can not be happier 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
38	1	 I've had other foot surgery by orthopedists and podiatrists, all Rheumatoid Arthritis related. Dr. Saraydarian knew what I needed, communicated extremely well, was very responsive and did all he could to get me well. I would recommend him to anyone, at least for the kind of complicated surgery I experienced; I would not know otherwise. After the surgery I had an unrelated bone break in the foot and he had me come in on Friday night and Sunday morning to follow up, way outside office hours. As my condition changed he modified the proposed treatment, but it would have been bad not to modify after the changed condition. My insurance is Martin's Point. Nice man, great service, highest recommendation.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
38	1	 What a great experience I had with Dr S.  Very good doctor and excellent treatment.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
38	-1	commentshe seemed helpful at first but I followed his advice without positive result and the procedure he followed made the situation worse. He is a gladhander with a pleasant disposition but not a good doctor. 	3	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	 He is a very knowledgeable doctor and surgeon.  I would recommend other people to see him at his Brunswick office. I am very happy with the result of my foot now. I am eight weeks out of surgery now and feeling much better. Thank you Dr. Saraydarian for caring and be compassion with me and my family.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
38	1	 Fantastic experience. Great personality and sense of humor. Took personal interest in my health and comfort. Went above and beyond to be sure my surgery was healing properly. I found him to be very, very knowledgeable. I disagree with whoever said he did not listen--he really listened to me and made modifications for my comfort. He is the best! And his staff is terrific.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
38	-1	 I visited four times. The first two seemed to be helpful but when those treatments did not work, and I did not immediately schedule surgery, he seemed to get angry and impatient with me. I did not feel I could trust him to do the surgery because of the of his attitud. Even though I am in pain, I am looking for another doctor.  	3	2	1	3	Insurance:Anthem
38	1	 Dr. Saraydarian is by far one of the nicest Dr's I have been to.  He is so knowledgeable and is by far one of the best Dr's in Maine.   I am so thankful to have found him and his excellent office and staff! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	1	commentsDr. Saraydarian is one of the best doctors in Maine.  When all other Dr's said I should have my foot amputated he said otherwise.  Here I am a year later walking on BOTH feet.  I am so thankful for meeting him and having him do my surery.  This doctor is the best!!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	commentsVery helpful and informative.  Very patient with me and spent alot of time with me. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
38	0	 Flip-flops his decisions and care instructions. He's a better surgeon than a doctor. Loud and blusterous personality. Does not &quot;hear&quot; what patient is saying.  	4	4	2	4	Insurance:Aetna
45	1	 Kind, sensitive, very knowledgable and promt on issues you present him with. He induced me with my son because I had high bp and Im due for another baby any day now. He has been amazing every step of the way. I recommend him to everyone I know. He has got to be the best Dr. by far in Maine.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
45	1	 I really adore Dr. Sansonetti, I wish I could go to him for ALL of my healthcare needs. I began to see him over 10 years ago on the recommendation of a friend, and have since recommended friends of mine to him! Dr. Sansonetti really takes the time to talk about what's going on in your life and how that might impact your health. When I began training for a marathon, he noticed my blue toenail and immediately realized I'd been running a lot! He ended up giving me the best training advice of anyone I talked to (delivered during an annual exam--hah!) In addition, I appreciate that his office is decorated with his own oil paintings. I don't know how he does ultramarathons and paints prolifically while delivering babies in his spare time, but it certainly all adds up to a well-rounded, compassionate individual. And it's not just &quot;Dr.  Bob&quot;--his staff is wonderful too! It is literally the only doctor's office I've ever been to where I've never even sat in the waiting room--they're punctual! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
45	1	 I have been going to DR Sansonetti since he has been in practice...Could not ask for a more qualified, knowledgeable and understanding physician.  He treats each patient as an individual.  I give him the highest rating possible! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
45	1	commentsDr Sansonetti is the absolute best doctor. He delivered my daughter 17 years ago before he had his own practice. He is compassionate, caring, and just an amazing man who truly cares about his patients. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	commentsDr. Sansonetti is the best doctor I've ever been to!! He is the only doctor I would want to deliver my baby. He is caring, compassionate, and absolutly the best at what he does. His office staff is friendly and helpful and everyone always greets me with a smile! I can't say enough great things:) 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	 Santini Family Chiropractic is a peaceful, happy environment with a talented team of caring individuals. My custom orthotics are awesome and my knees no longer hurt. My whole family has experienced a greater overall wellness since our first visit with Dr.  Santini! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Oxford
55	1	commentsDr. Santini didnt rush me at all, listened to me, went threw my x rays with me and explained everything that was going on with the pain I was having. WHen I left his office I felt so much better. I will send everyone there that I know in need of a chiropractor. 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	commentsDoctor David is great!! He is the son of Gregory Salko, a long time doctor in the Carbondale area. David is a partner in his father's office and also has his own office in Honesdale. He's young and VERY knowledgable about everytthing. He also spends time getting to know each patient, and doesn't take shortcuts. David is a wonderful doctor in all ways. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	commentsHe gives the best shots. Very gental. Never felt any of the shots. Very miticulous. He redid  an old crown and the color was perfect. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	 Dr. Sanal has a sweet disposition with patients, but does not suffer fools gladly. In some ways she reminds me of the fictional Dr. Gregory House, but without the baggage. Like House, she does not give up until shea is satisfied she has reached the correct diagnosis. Her follow-up is excellent, even making sure that patients who need oxygen or sleep apnea machines, CPAP or BIPAP, are satisfied with their medical equipment supplier. She clearly is India's loss and the USA's gain.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
73	1	 Dr Sanal is a highly qualified board-certified specialist in lung diseases and critical care medicine. Her associates in the hospital-owned practice also are extremely competent. Dr. Sanal has a pleasant personality but maintains proper professionalism. She is very tenatious in terms of arriving at a diagnosis, but does not over test. She also accepts Medicare and most private insurance plans, including HMOs and PPOs.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
75	1	commentsMy father went though surgery with this doctor, he was not even able to stand up and know he joins a healthy life, surgery was rated as PERFECT  and now he has quality life :) 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
75	-1	commentsThis doctor performs lasser spine surgery without real knowledge. He burned my nerve two years ago, my life has change completely and now I am using the electrical implant to control pain. But most important is that after a few months I wanted to visit him he answer that the relation patient/doctor was over. I knew in Chihuahua several people with horrible consecuences after having sirgury with this person. I which I could find the way to stop him from ruin more peoples lifes, and he does have many patients form USA. 	2	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
79	-1	comments 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
79	-1	 Was very rude and not kind. Had to make sure to remind me several times through out a visit how Jew is a five degree black belt.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Anthem
86	-1	 My surgery had an unfortunate result, and he made no attempt to correct it.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Anthem
86	1	commentsreally nice ,knowledgeble and a great surgeon. I feel so much better since seeing him 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
