dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	-1	Dr. Mosher was mom's primary. Granted, mom has lots of issues, Dr Mosher was not good enough in my book. Dr Mosher is moving so now is the perfect time to switch to someone better. 	2	3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	prescribed me some good meds for my bronchitis. very smart and knowledgeable.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
1	1	Terrific Doctor kind,caring considerate 		4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	Dr. Mulcahy worked wonders with my gastrointestinal problems. I had been under treatment with a gastroenterologist, but the problems persisted until I was treated by Dr. Mulcahy.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
2	-1	This doctor is not educated about Lyme disease.i found I knew more than he in the short time I was in his office.  Please be very wary as he and his wife run a side business out of his office selling tinctures made in Asia that are not inspected!..both Andrea and Patrick try to force them on you as you check-out...with no explanation! Just hand over $60.00 Thank You! I checked and this expensive &quot;Magic Water&quot;  is mostly tap water and glycerin. I did contact the DO and file a complaint in November of 2010. I also called the local police to ask who else to report a con to. And have filed a complaint with the State. Makes me mad to see them preying on the most vulnerable people...people who are desperate or scared and sick. This is something that should not ever a happen in a small town. People have very little money and every one of their medical dollars should go to help them heal not to sell them fake medicine. This is sickening and morally wrong. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	I'm so happy to have found a Dr. who will listen and not judge. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	Very pleasant and helpful.  Good sense of humor.  Shows caring and compassion.   Highly recommended 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
3	1	Dr McArdle of Chest Medicine handled a diagnosis and follow up with sleep apnea.  He is thorough and efficient with a very pleasant demeanor.  He is easy to talk to.   Highly recommended, 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
4	1	Dr. Medd is the best internal medicine doctor I've had in many years.  He knows his field and is willing to spend as much time with you as is necessary.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
4	-1	This man is dangerous.  Way to many patients to manage safely.  way to free witht he drugs, no EMR, should retire.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
5	-1	I have severe arthritis in my left knee. Xrays taken were while lying down.  He finally ordered standing Xrays which showed the extent of the arthritis.  An MRI showed severe arthritis and torn meniscus, but Dr. Macmichael says no tear.  I also told him about the swelling of my hamstring but he did nothing about it.  (I fell hard on my left knee--on ice--last spring and wrenched the same knee around the same time.  No one is listening to me about a possible injury behind my knee.  The doctor gave me 3 injections of Synvisc which helped a little, but the knee is still swollen and I still can't sleep through the night.  His PA was more helpful and listened to me more than the physician.  Dr. Macmichael seems to put more emphasis on my weight instead of looking further for other damage.  I'm going to look for another doctor in Portland, Maine.  	4	4	2	2 	Insurance:Medicare
6	1	Dr. Cait was really great. She really listened to the issues and got to the source of the problem and didn't just treat me until the symptoms were gone. She also researched additional techniques to treat me to the best of her abilities and make sure that I got the care I needed. She also does a lot of PT within each visit that helped me to learn how to stretch and stregthen my weak areas so that I could hold my adjustment longer and prevent further injury. She taught me a lot! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	I've been seeing Dr. Mangone since I started going to the dentist. He is FANTASTIC! Always concerned about comfort during procedures and truly cares about his patients! He is a wonderful dentist and I would refer anyone to him without a second thought.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	Dr Mangone has done two root canals for me. Both times I thought he was great. Very concerned about my comfort during the procedure and very good about discharge instructions. He has a great sense of humor too and is very personable 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	. Nice Guy 	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
9	1	i absolutely love Dr. Mosenfelder! delivered my first child via c section and  I'm due this month for the birth of my second child. he was also the same doctor who delivered myself 22 years ago. For our small hospital, we are very lucky to have a doctor as great as he, and i feel that he is very community supportive as well.  His entire staff is great also! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
9	1	He delivered 2 of my babies and was very satisfied with his knowledge and experience. I would highly recomend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
9	1	I loved this doctor and his staff. I have been with them for 8 years and wouldn't have any other Ob/Gyn.  They are all wonderful in this office 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
9	1	He has a very good bed side manner, very knowlegeable and approachable. 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	0	I felt that my concerns were not taken seriously, and when I asked questions, I felt that this Dr. felt superior to me and not a partner in my care. When I mentioned studies that had been done, I was made to feel like I didn't know what I was talking about, studies weren't accurate. 		4	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
10	-1	the doctor was extremely discourteous, and misdiagnosed patient. tried to tell him that he had kidney stones in a kidney that no longer exists! also, refused to give him results of a bone scan. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	Christine really cares about her patients! She always goes the extra mile to make sure you are comfortable and happy with the service she provides.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	1	. Dr Murray is great, office services down since taken over by Maine Medical 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
12	1	Dr. Murray is very, very good at what she does but the office administrative staff is terrible.  Complaints are ignored and response time is non-existent.  	3	5	4	4 	Insurance:Medicare
13	1	Dr. Lynn McAfee is by far one of the best healthcare providers I have seen.  She is kind, caring and enjoys solving problems her patients may have.  	 4/22/09	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
14	1	Dr Millard is a fantastic, helpful doctor. The best. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	 	3	3	2	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	-1	my sister had her first tooth extraction from this dentist when she was a little girl. at the initial visit, he just said, &quot;yes, the tooth has to come out.&quot;, left the room and didn't come back. she probably needed antibiotics. an x-ray would have been nice, too, but obviously she didn't get any of that, because he escaped through the back door (in his little red sports car). she was in a lot of pain, and did not get any attention or time from him. when it came time for him to take out the tooth, the novicaine did not work. she told him it hurt, so he used some more, and some more, and probably went overboard with it, but it still did not work. she was crying in pain, he just made some rude comment about her &quot;overreacting&quot; and continued to attempt to pull out the tooth. he was having trouble getting the tooth to come out, gave up, and told us to bring her somewhere else. this was a very horrifying experience for my sister, my mother, and myself. in the end, our new dentist was very good 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	This has been out dentist for years (our childs too)...he is caring and does a great job.  	3	4	4	4 	Insurance:Delta Dental
15	-1	I ended up in the hospital because this dentist didn't know how to properly read an x-ray.  He took three sets of x-rays within a 6-month period saying he couldn't find anything wrong with the tooth that was causing me pain.  Highly NOT recommended.  	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Delta Dental
16	0	Not the best bedside manner, but he does have a lot of experience. 	4	4	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	Dr. Minot is a wonderful doctor- very smart and researches medications before prescribing. He will be honest with you. Very compassionate. I think he is the best psychiatrist in the area.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
18	1	The single best family doctor I have ever had. Truly cares about his patients. Referrals are giving freely and his staff is great 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	i think dr.macdonald is a realy good drocter.and he sets thayer and listen to you what you have to say.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
18	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	-1	He wasn't helpful at all. I went in there in severe pain and he said he didn't know the reason for it, prescribed me motrin, and said to call him again in 2 weeks. He also stuck his finger in my rectum without any gloves on, which was disgusting!! I will find a new surgeon to go see.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
19	1	Dr. Margolis provided exceptional postop surgical care, visiting patient three times a day,ordering appropriate tests and consultations.  He also has a very pleasant manner.  We would definitely recommend Dr. Margolis.  Thank you Dr.  Margolis! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Veterans Administration
20	1	Best doctor I have ever been to! Wonderful bedside manner! Extremely dignified and humble human being! Truly an honor to his patient! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	I find Dr. Munier and his staff to always be very pleasant and helpful.  I've been a patient for many years now and have always received the very best care.  I would refer anyone to this practice. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	Very caring &amp; capable. Very concerned about the patient.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
22	1	Spends as much time as necessary with each patient, very knowledgeable and kind.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	1	Excellent in all respects: always on time, always listens, always explains reasoning and options. Very patient focused. Well-run practice.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
22	1	Friendly, very knowlegable but approachable. Take the time to answer questions. Easy to make an appointment in a decent amount of time.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
23	1	After 3 years of elbow/arm pain and visits to 3 other orthopedic surgeons, Dr. Mathews was the first and only surgeon to diagnose me correctly and to take my alomost constant pain seriously.  While I still have a ways to go, I finally feel like I am in the hands of a competent physician.  But he also has a great personality, a real human approach and a great sense of humor.  A rare combination in a doctor and particularly in a surgeon.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
24	-1	The question with this &quot;doctor&quot; is not whether you would want to be treated by her but rather whether you would dare. refused to treat them unless she writes all  prescriptions (no specialitst allowed ) and the patient has nothing to say about their care because she is &quot;the doctor and knows better then patients&quot; and that is all that matters.discusses only what she wants to discuss,puts down other Doctors,(claims to be more knowledgeable), flat out refused to discuss patient's reason   for appointment unless they  agreed to let her determine all treatment, refused to justify or discuss reason for treatment and that she would write all prescriptions.  don't know if it is possible to state truth of experience in any nicer words, in all a very very upsetting and unpleasant experience. one I hope never happens again.  	3	5	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
25	-1	Dr. Meredith is very nice and I would love to hangout with her outside the medical world.  Unfortunately she seems a little spacy and my recovery from surgery was very painful and she did not answer my phone calls when I was dealing with pain 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Banner Health
25	1	Dr Meredith was excellent! She took care of my terrible ingrown toenail in about fifteen minutes. And she did it much more painlessly than other doctors have in the past. She was very friendly the whole time. I would definitely recommend her.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
26	1	Dr. Martin takes care of our entire family and he has been a God-send and a grace to us. My children and I trust his judgement and he is kind, funny and compassionate.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
26	1	Very kind and courteous. Dr. Martin is a very good listener. Very concerned about the health and overall well being of his patients. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
27	-1	. doesn't listen to what you talk to him about, has his own opinion-waste of time-office wants to get them in and get them out-went somewhere else 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	0	Seemed as though we just didn't get along from the beginning of my seeing him.  Always questioned my answers to medical issues. He was always right-my answers were always wrong. Has a problem with believing patients histories, and family values.Found another physician who believed in me and my medical condition, and now I am on the road to recovery.  Do not recommend this doctor.  Waste of time and money.  	4	4	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	1	Have used this doctor for about 3 years, and he is the best example of a family practice doctor I have ever met. Very human and punctual.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	-1	After 60 days and many letters unable to get medical records updated-with proper and consice medical information, which would prove valuable if I were in an auto accident or got sick.Feel this is very poor for a doctor and his office. 	3	4	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
27	0	opinionated, argumentive with patients-has problems with being told he misinterpreted certain medical issues. 	4	3	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	Dr. Molison is as *wonderful* as you'll to get in the real world. He is smart, kind, empathatic, informed and open-minded. His concern is your health. Sometimes Dr. Molison annoys me that he doesn't do what i want but then I see later he was right. Yet I do have criticisms of ALL docs nowadays, including Dr. Molison. He usually takes his time w/ me but I can tell he's stressed for time even though he's trying not to show it. I also feel I have to be on top of the new research for my condition and always hammering away on &quot;why don't we try this or that&#63;&quot; I wish he were more pro-active for me because I get tired of being a pain in the butt and I'm sick and don't feel good to start, but I know he has hundreds of other patients and he can't spend as much time researching my condition's every possible treatment option as I would like. So Dr. Moilson's not as perfect as I'd like in our rushed health care system, but I think he's one of the best we've got, and I highly recommend him.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	1	This man is professional and talks to you like you have known him for yrs. He explains all to you,questions are answered. I can't tell you enough about this Dr and I've seen alot lately! He discussed surgery and thought it would be better for me to go to Portland and have this surgery and 20 minutes after I got home his office called with my Portland appointment plus all my medical papers had been sent. He's really a very nice man and Dr. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	Dr. Sara Mayo is excellent! In my opinion, she saved my husband's life.  Throughout our whole 8 month ordeal, she and her staff were very accomodating, the bedside manner was great, and she explained everything throughly. I have not met a doctor that seems to truely care about their patients as much as she does. She is very talented at what she does, and we were very fortunate to have her as my husband's surgeon.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
29	1	Excellent. She was pleasant and very helpful. The surgery was a success. Also have heard great things about Dr. Mayo from other physicians and patients.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
29	1	Great bedside manner. She was very knowledgable and I've heard several exemplary comments from others about her.  		3	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
30	1	Obviously well schooled- very knowledgable. I recommended him to all my co-workers. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	-1	Dr. Mukai  would benefit from some basic sensitivity training.  I don't think he is a bad MD however, if you are looking for someone who seems caring and kind this is not the doctor for you.  	3	4	1	2 	Insurance:Anthem
31	-1	Irresponsible and cold, stay very far away from this one.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
32	1	Dr. Mahoney is by far the very best physician I've ever had.  She's exceptional.  Incredibly knowledgeable, friendly and compassionate.  I could tell right off the bat that she deeply cares about her patients.  Amazing doctor. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	Dr. Mahoney spent a very long time going over everything I was experiencing and working to find the right diagnosis. She has since spent quite a lot of time in each visit with me. I find her demeanor to be very patient and helpful and she seems quite knowledgable. I did not find her to be &quot;rushed&quot; or to just hand out &quot;meds&quot; in fact, we covered a lot of therapies in order to avoid having to take a lot of meds, and also worked with multipole other doctors and specialists to get the best treatment possible for me.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
32	-1	Fast food Dr.  Rushes in and then out as soon as possible.  Basically lets you tell her what you want for meds.  She types them in her laptop and you are on your way.  Everyone I know who has her experiences same thing.  	1	2	2	1 	Insurance:Anthem
33	1	Excellent surgeon, repaired torn tendons in my right shoulder in a 5 1/2 hour long surgery, within 4 months I had full use of the arm with NO PT. Dr. McGuire explained everything before and after the surgery using both the MRI photos and photos he took during the repair. His follow up visits were detailed and I have always been seen within a reasonable time of the scheduled appointment. He does a lot of sports injuries for the University Of Maine and Husson University. The best thing I can say to recommend him is, I have now scheduled him to repair my left shoulder.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	1	He seems knowledgeable enough. Even though he's somewhat friendly I haven't appreciated some of the things he's said or how he's reacted to my concerns.  	3	4	3	4 	Insurance:Medicare
35	1	Very good at what she does, cares and takes the clients needs seriously.... 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
36	-1	I am accusing him of out right medicare fraud and patient abuse, failure to treat his patients with any respect,he has on many time sent me to specialists and then totally disregrards the specialist reccomandations.which leads me to the conclusion he does these things for the medicare billings.When I returned 400 mg's of extended release morphine he just put it in his cabinet draw instead of destroying it in front of me.this too leads me to believe he may well be a drug addict. He shows all the classic signs of being an addict such as declining hygene,(often has strong body oder,filthy finger nails,often seems confused.The entire time I am at his office getting an examine he stayed on his computer,never even looking at me when he was talking.when I asked him about getting some short term pain relief from him for my degerative disc,all he would say is his boss mr. wright at health access network would not approve it. why is he listening to someone who doesn't even have a doctors degree 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
36	1	I was a paitent of Dr Meserve for many years and followed him when he left Kennebunk for Scarbrough, and if he was within an hour of me now I would still be going to him.  He always took his time and talked explained everything to me so I understood what was going on.  He was wonderful with my children.  I would recommend him to anyone. 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
36	-1	While doing and internal exam, he was very rough.  It was painful to the point that I almost told him to stop.  He did not discuss with me any alternatives when prescribing life-long medications. Just told me to take them, then was upset when I wanted a chat about what I needed and wanted to do.   	5	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	Dr. Mazurenko has been my dentist for over ten years. He and his staff always great me with a warm welcome and exhibit caring concern for my dental health and well being.  They are very knowledgeable, friendly and willing to answer my questions. They value my time and always take me right in for my appointments.  I appreciate the way they show me my x-rays as they point out and explain what is going on with my teeth.  They often give me helpful suggestions of things I can do to take good care of my teeth.  I highly recommend Dr. Mazurenko.  – Mary 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
37	1	I'm less concerned with the ambience and chairside manner of the dentist as I am their proficiency when it comes to cosmetic dentistry--not only the aesthetics but that it lasts. Any dentist can call themselves a cosmetic dentist, with no specific training required, although many general dentists state how they've taken numerous hours of training. But the ultimate proof of skill is in customer satisfaction and/or being an accredited cosmetic dentist with the American Academy of Cosmetic Dentistry.    Has anyone had porcelain veneers done by Dr. Mazurenko at Dental Arts, and if so, what was your experience and has it lasted&#63; I did - the best feeling and results. It looks really good! natural. I am happy with the  choice of the doctor and office. Sometimes you see people smile and you instantly know they had some things fixes. the veneers look very realistic. Please have your doctor show you his before after smiles to see the result. That is what convinced me.  -Val 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
37	1	Very pleasant knowledgeable staff. Felt special. Dr was very through and willing to talk at length with me. Lovely clean facility. Highly recommend! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
38	0	Office waited to call the hospital the day of for my report instead of calling ahead of time.  Guess I'm on the back burner 	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:AARP
39	1	I had seen several people over the years and the reason why I say 'several' is because most of them rated from horrid to mediocre. Apathy seemed to be their forte. Dr. Joe is anything but...aside from this phenomenal intelligence level, he goes above and beyond in empathy, compassion, and wicked sense of humor. He helps you and guides you to deal with what are sometimes overwhelming life issues and he knows when to be serious and when he can take a more lighthearted approach to each situation. I cannot say enough in recommending him for anyone. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	Dr. Joe Missbach is one of the best counselors I have every worked with, because he is incredibly present, aware, empathic, compassionate and sympathetic. He is also honest and tough and wise. We went to him for parental and couples counseling and found him to be very helpful in helping us open up and talk about difficult topics. We both felt that he truly cares about his clients. He shares some of his own experiences and perspectives without being overbearing. His comments and insights are uplifting and he often helped us see the humorous aspect of a situation and problem.  Our teenage son also went to him a few times and felt very comfortable talking with him.  I would highly recommend trying him if you get the chance.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
39	1	One of the VERY few psychologist's that will &quot;tune himself in&quot; to the way YOU need to be treated. Not some cookie-cutter, by-the-book, doctor. He has an amazing intelligence, compassion and empathy. He challenges you, but at a pace that is best for you, not him. I would recommend him to anyone.  Oh, and he has a terrific sense of humor too! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
40	-1	This doctor had no receptionist when we went in.  Our appointment was 530p, my child was seen at 615pm, we didn't leave the office until 820pm.  He had my child in the exam room with no adult and proceeded to tell her that she has a brain tumor.  Then he shared the news with me saying that I should think about buying hats for Christmas.  We followed up with CT and MRI, NO TUMOR!!  He is ridiculously inappropriate and works outside his scope of practice.  GROSS!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	Good Dr. He's not in IA anymore, practicing in San Antonio, TX. He's responsive and helpful, and I think he tries to listen. Unusual in Dr.s these days. I would recommend him if you need a Urologist.  	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Tufts
42	1	Very engaged/partnering in health care. Cares for my whole family competently. Staff has been with her for more than 10 yrs.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
42	1	Kristy is a very knowledgeable and personable doctor. She makes eye contact, and explains things in very intelligent and sincere way. I have a science background, and she always gives me a lot of detail. They did forward old billing information to one of their reference labs, which resulted in a denied claim which had to be resubmitted, and sometimes you have to wait for a while beyond your booked time to get in. I recommend the first appointment of the day, or following their lunch hour, so there is no one ahead of you to wait for. I really like Intermed, and most especially, Kristy.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
42	1	Overbooked. I was never once seen on time. I always had to wait a long time in the waiting room; then was ushered into the exam room, told the doctor would be right with me, and waited for another eternity. However, once Dr. Pulsifer made it into the exam room, she was very caring, didn't rush, made a point to address all of my concerns. They really need to work on their scheduling.  	5	2	3	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
42	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	In this day and age, it is extremely rare to find a competent doctor, much less one who is a compassionate healer. This oral surgeon is a gentle giant of his profession. Both he and his staff are remarkably warm, welcoming, supportive and helpful. Patients are treated with respect and regard. He holds a special dignity for disabled people. I highly rate the care that Dr. Moyer provides and highly recommend him to anyone seeking a trusted oral surgeon. He is simply -- the best. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	Dr. Maurer is a very bright, and thorough doctor.  He is able to get at the root causes of problems, and always has a clear stategy for helping resolve them and preventing them in the future.  He is interested in the whole person, and has wonderful supplements that support health and healing, too. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
44	-1	I was really excited and thought I was going to get some help. Unfortunately, the doctor in my opinion was very unprofessional 	5	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	Helped me understand about my metabolism and gain control of my blood sugars, weight, and blood pressure.  I received a better explanation about my blood tests than I ever had before. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	-1	My  MRI consultation with Dr. Mancini lasted all of five minutes after a very long wait past  the appointment time.  Result was, I needed rotator cuff surgery or would loose use  of my arm by age 80.   I made a second opinion appointment  with Dr Matt Bush of Lewiston Orthopaedics who diagnosed severe ulnar  nerve damage, of much greatar concern, and cautioned against any surgery on shoulder. Two days ago had nerve tests at Central Maine General Neurology with another diagnosis of severe ulnar nerve damage of elbow and hand.  Any and all treatment decisions will be made in Lewiston, Portland, or   Boston.       GOODBYE, MAINE GENERAL AUGUSTA  THE BIG NEW BUILDING IS MORE IMPORTANT THAN THE PATIENT! 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
45	-1	my 16 yr old had acl replacement and meniscous tear. Mancicni was very rude and arrogant he replaced it with only a 7mm graph witch did not take according to him. but my daughter complained for a whole year that her knee swelled and hurt he told her she was stupid and did not know what swelling was well she praticed and it swelled huge now she has a tear which he said IT WILL NOT TEAR it is stronger than your own knee and do not have to wear brace she tahnk god did wear a brace and has a small tear instead of full blow out now we have to get a second surgery and use donor graph which has tons of extra roblems if he had just listened to us I believe the tear would have not happened but he flat out refused to believe that he may have done something wrong he now is blaming my daughters gentics. saying only 8percent of peoples graphs dont take she is a very healty 16yr varsity athelete now she is in poor condition. STAY away form mancini and that hospital it is dirty.  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
45	-1	I went for broken ancle waited over 2 hours then when Dr Mancini finally came in he didn't look at my medical history, put a boot on it and 3 weeks later I almost died of a pulminary embalism that occured due to the combination of the medicine i was on and being imobile.. he should have looked and discussed my options but he was in too much of a hurry because he was running hours behind..stop over booking and start providing patient care!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	I've had both rotator cuffs repaired by Dr. Mancini I thought him and his staff were great.Yes sometimes you have to wait a little longer in the waiting room then you want to, but when he spends the extra time on you it's ok that every body else can wait.The Man and his staff are great.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
45	1	It's impossible to schedule an appointment even as a returning patient when you have an acute problem. The staff lies and always says Dr. Mancini is out for the week - even when he is not! I'd rather the staff take the easy way out with a lie. It feels like they just don't care enough when that happens and it does.  	1	1	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	0	Dr. Mancini was extremely rude and disrespectful. He may know what he is doing but he is not a nice person to be around. 	2	1	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	I've had 3 operations with him. All went smoothly, no complications.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
45	-1	My chiropractor helped my frozen shoulder 30% in 2 visits and he is telling me not to see my chiropractor anymore, but to go to physical therapy instead.  Tried that, didn't work. Dr. Mancini needs to get with the times and realize chiropractors help a lot and we aren't dying from there surgeries and drugs. 	3	3	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	The office staff needs help!!  The run around you get when you deal with the office staff is horrible!  Fix that and the practice would improve 100 fold for the patients.  Dr. Mancini saved my life.  I have a great deal of respect for him, I've never been treated with anythig but respect during my time in his care.  He knows his stuff and does not hesitate to say he needs to consult if it's a bit out of his venue. What more can you ask for&#63; 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	0	I hade a staph infection introduced into the incision during a rotator cuff operation, requiring three more operations all of which I had to pay for.  The hospital was more interested in limiting it's cost than helping me recover and cope with the additional expense.  Dr. Mancini's arrogance was not helpful.  	4	3	1	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
46	1	The best!  Treats my whole family. Is personable, professional and thoroughly addresses any questions or concerns I have.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
46	-1	Saw her for lower back pain.  She performed a rectal exam to rule out constipation which might have been putting pressure on my back.  The exam yielded nothing unusual.  With that, she send me on my way.  Two days later, a disk in my lower back ruptured resulting in emergency surgery.  This doctor was uncompassionate, dismissive, and, I believe, homophobic.  	3	5	1	1 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
46	0	Doesn't seem to look hands on much..  	5	4	3	3 	Insurance:Anthem
47	1	i had to come to your er last evening i had a medical problem in my body that really needed to be taken care of,i was seen by your dr, mc,farlanei just want to say that he was very gentle with me and very caring and i appreciated that very much,i just want to thank him very much i want to say that i feel so much better, i would recamend him to any one thank you so much dr, dennis casey sr. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	Dr. Chris was extremely helpful, she guided me not only based on chiropractic but total body wellness! Amazing experience. She changed my life! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
49	0	Total lack of bedside manner. Did not introduce himself. Unable to speak in laymen terms. Did not seem concerned about what was happening to the patients issues.  Might want to look for another profession where he does not have to interface with people!!!! 	1	3	2	3 	Insurance:Aetna
50	1	Dr. Muscat is one of the most compasionate specialists I have encountered. Now, I don't mind going to the doctors.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
51	1	Doctor Marotto is one of the most caring and understanding doctors that I have ever met. She listens and would do anything for anyone. She has a huge heart, great bedside manner, and is very, very knowledgeable. I would and do recommend her to everyone. You will not be dissapointed.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
51	1	Amazingly compassionate and caring. Sees her patients through all kinds of difficult times. Tries to help in every single way she can. Always has a hug if one is needed.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
51	1	Lisa Marotto is the most compassionate and caring doctor I have ever met. She saw me through some of the best and worst times of my life. I'll never find another doctor like her, I'm sure of that.  Highly recommended! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
52	1	A very caring N.D. with wonderful, in-depth knowledge.  He tends to go over with patients but makes up your time.  He's slow to answer calls but when he does you get him in person.  Very focused on long term health and aware of the overall cost of supplements.  He switches everyone he can onto foods that provide the same support. 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	Very respectful and helpful.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
54	-1	This doctor (if you can call him that) is a nuisance to society. He is one of the now many Dr's who point the finger at the patient without knowing who they are or what they have been through. He wrote down false information in my medical file making it hard if not all but impossible to get the medical attention I so desperately require. He is an evil man who gets his kicks off of destroying peoples lives. He knows nothing of the oath he took prior to practicing medicine. I can't say for certain what this man's interests are but I do know its not your medical care. He is spiteful, bitter, and overly cautious regarding your medical needs. Please DO NOT even consider this awful horrible person as a candidate for treating what ails you. He is judgmental and if you need anything regarding medication management he will go out of his way to not only tarnish your character but your medical records. Read some of his other reviews. Quite Startling... I advise steering clear of this guy.  	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Humana
55	-1	I wish I had seen this site before choosing Dr. Muca.  He operated on my foot for a bunion which involved running a wire or thread from the protruding bone to the adjacent bone.  Now my foot is deformed and I am in constant pain--I am hoping another operation by another doctor can correct this problem.  	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
55	-1	Dr. Muca performed a bunionectomy on my left foot about 1.5 years ago.  Since then, I am in constant pain because of nerve damage. He fused my second toe to straighten it, which he did not tell me he was going to do and now I cannot bend it and I am in agony.  My big toe has arthritis.  I am limited to what I can do or wear on my feet.  I spend a lot of time depressed and in tears.  Have had a second opionion, but nothing that will help very much.  Wish I would never had gone to him. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	I am a big runner and I got a stress fracture a couple months back. I was devastated and in a lot of pain. I went to Dr. Muca. He was really strict with me. I was not allowed to run for 5 weeks and I had to wear a boot. I was kind of mad at first, but every time I tried to cheat from his advice my foot would kill. So I sucked it up and followed his recommendation and now my foot is feeling great and I can run again. He may not say exactly what you want to hear, but he is very smart and a great doctor. I would definitely recommend him.  Also his office is super easy to get to (and it is right next to the mall!) 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
55	1	incredibly helpful. very kind and considerate. He did such I a good job on my foot I dont know why anyone had a problem. I would recommend him to everyone 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
55	-1	He left my foot deformed and with pemanent damage. I would look for a new podiatrist in the future.  	5	5	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
55	1	Dr. Muca was incredibly helpful. I had massive foot injuries and needed drastic surgery. He solved the problem and I healed really well.  I will defiantly go back 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
55	1	Dr.Muca is a great surgeon. My foot surgery was smooth and practically painless.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
55	1	I was in absolute agony from pain when visited his office yesterday. Today I am relatively comfortable because he knew what the problem was and we started treament immediately. He showed compassion and humour. Today I am very greatful for his services.   I had used doctor Muca earlier this year for a serious injury. That injury has healed and he was a pleasure to work with.    John Bergeron 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
55	-1	He did surgery on my daughter's foot  and it did not heal correctly. Ultimately she was seen in the ER and had additional surgery once it was infected. He had poor communication skills. 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	I thought Dr. Muca was very friendly, relaxed, and knowledgable.  He hit my diagnosis right on and has helped me tremendously.  I will certainly go back to him in the future.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
55	-1	Dr Muca was very unfriendly and presented with flat affect thus making me feel he was not at all interested in my care.I went to another local podiatrist and was given a very different diagnosis,and tthe treatment worked with the 2nd podiatrist. Dr Muca would do well in a research lab.  maybe&#63;&#63; 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
55	-1	My fist visit, I left with a feeling that he had categorized me without really listening to some key things I said. I followed his treatment protocol and ended up worse than when I first saw him. Found a new doc and now know I was misdiagnosed. He may be fine for treating regular podiatric things, but his diagnostic and listening skills are lacking. Suggestions and questions from me fell on deaf ears. His assistant was short, fairly unfriendly and largely unhelpful.  	2	3	2	2 	Insurance:Aetna
56	1	Sacopee Valley Health Center is a jewell in the field of rural medicine. Rich Mac Namara is a PA who works at the health Center. All of the staff there is amazing.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
57	1	We are very pleased with Dr. Mckinley, se is a caring doctor that knows what she's doing, knows her job very well. Thank you , Dr, Mckinley. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	Dr. Morrison is the best doctor I have seen.  I have been treated in Louisiana,Virginia, Mass Eye and Ear and in Okinawa.  She is head and shoulders above everyone that has treated me.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
59	1	This man saved my life.  In 2005, my intestines ruptured and he performed the emergency surgery and the reconstructive surgery to put my intestines back together.  I found him to be personable and thankfully very skilled or I wouldn't be here to tell about it. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	Fine doctor, good person, I trust her. She is very knowledgeable and helpful; her assistant is very nice. She's a very easy doctor to like.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
60	-1	This &quot;doctor&quot; Violated my confidentiality by discussing me with another patient of hers.   She then usd the info against me 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
60	1	I like to have a female PCP who is competent to do my pap smear as well as take care of general problems, like sore throat, and refers to specialists when appropriate, like skin changes that might be skin cancer.  I also like the easy location and parking.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
60	1	One person in general, not professional at all. He made a comment to a patient about his condition and the patient was clearly embarrassed as we all heard it. Same person has never faxed over info to my insurance for a surgery delaying it 6 months. Never returns call and has made an appointment for me a week late to another doctor not knowing the address, number or the name of the place. Just the name of the doctor and told me to google for more info. He was fired last year from various complaints and I went back recently for an appointment and he was rehired. I am changing doctors because of this. Doc is great, but I don't think she really has a clue. 	2	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	He saved my life... Had an accident on the Mt Washington on june 1995 when I was 11, I was hit by big falling rock causing an open femur fracture and he happened to be right on the spot at this time, on vacation with his son... After 12 surgeries it's like if nothing ever happened ;) Thanks a lot! I still can't believe how lucky I've been! =) I'm graduating as a civil engineer this year. 	 12/11/09	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	Dr. Moody is takes his time and explains everything. He is very nice and thorough. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	He's a Nurse Manager and very knowledgeable man with a great resume. He's dedicated to his work and is always on time. Though sometimes he does tend to make unilateral decisions despite working on a team which can lead to client and coworker issues. Specially when its already put down what needs to be done and then he changes it on his own. But most the time he is a good team player and asset to the Nursing Staff. 	5	5	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	I  highly recommend Dr MacLeod, his associates and Maine Medical Center for providing both first rate medical care and  personal attention to their  patients. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	 	5	4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
65	-1	If you don't need anything more than a checklist interview, sign right up for this doc. 	3	5	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	great doctor seeing him him for 20 years can't imagine what life would be like wqithout his working with me 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	wrote big lony half hour comment and your site lost it when it sent me back to lower my cookies bar, which was pretty low already. So ,  in a nutshell Tont is a great doc.   Bob O'Bradovich 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
66	0	unprofessional 		5	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	Great doctor, I have recommended and have four happy and pain free friends.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:BC Med
67	0	Bummed at his poor bedside manner and lack of communication.  	3	3	1	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	1	I thought Dr. Maslinski was very nice, professional and thorough.  The office staff was pleasant and I was seen on time.  This treatment and follow up plan was reasonable.  I would recommend Dr. Maslinski to anyone looking for a neurologist in the area.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
68	-1	Did not listen.  Very rude, condescending and argumentative. Cold manner.  	5	5	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	1	He was really great. He was  very,very helpful. He explained the carpal tunnel release surgery procedure to me.He did an excellent job.I like that he took into account my feelings and fears about the release surgery. He Made sure that I knew what the procedure was and what was going to happen.he did an awesome job.  Very satified 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
69	0	My mother has been going to see him since breaking her ankle last year.  It is not healing properly (not his fault, she has diabetes and charcots)  His manner with her has been perfunctory, I get the feeling he doesn't see making an effort to NOT amputate her foot as worthwhile.  When it first happened, his first response was to amuptate and she had to ask him twice if there were no other options.  A year later, she went to see a different orthopaedist and was told that it should have been fused last year.  	4	3	2	4 	Insurance:Medicare
69	1	The first Dr. who really talked to me and explained everything he was going to do. Excellent Surgeon.Intelligent I had a perfect outcome from my surgery. He is the best. I highly recommend him to anyone needing surgery 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
70	1	While performing a minor procedure to cauterize a cyst,Dr. Molin did a biopsy that uncovered DCIS,a form of breast cancer. This was microscopic and did not show up on a mammogram. Because of her diligence, Dr. Molin caught the cancer early and performed surgery. She kept a close eye on me, checking me at six month intervals. Just a year later she discovered a cancer in the other breast. Though hearing &quot;cancer&quot; twice was very difficult, Dr. Molin and her staff walked with me every step of the way. Her team is very knowledgeable and compassionate. They called me several times after each surgery and made themselves available by phone and pager for my questions. I am healthy today and credit much of that to Dr. Molin. I am very thankful to have been in her care.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
71	-1	I HAD TO TAKE MY DAUGHTER TO SEE DR MANNING WHEN HER REGULAR PEDIATRICIAN WAS UNAVAILABLE.  NEXT TIME I WILL GO TO THE EMERGENCY ROOM.  MY DAUGHTER WAS ONLY FOUR YEARS OLD AND SHE HAD A HUGE CYST GROWIN ON HER CHEST.  DR MANNING BASICALLY TOLD ME IT WAS MRSA, WITH OUT EVEN TESTING IT.  AND THEN PRETTY MUCH SAID I PROBABLY GAVE IT TO HER BECAUSE I WORK IN HEALTH CARE.  SHE WAS RUDE, BARELY SPOKE UNLESS SHE WAS ZIPPING OFF SOME QUESTION.  SENT ME TO THE ER TO HAVE HER LANCED CALLED OVER TOLD THEM MY DAUGHTER WAS SEVEN AND HAD A FULL SET OF ANTIBIOTICS,  MY DAUGHTER WAS FOUR AND HAD NEVER HAD ANY MEDICATIONS.    I WILL NEVER GO TO THIS WOMAN AGAIN. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	He's the most energetic, positive, knowledgable doctor I've ever had.  I recommend Dr. Paul Muscat to anyone and everyone.  He is fantastic! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
72	-1	He probably is ok if you don't have a complicated diagnosis.  He doesn't seem willing to help you much if you do have one and is quite cold and unfeeling when dismissing one from his care.  He seems to resent being asked questions that go beyond his medical experience.  Got sick of him rolling his eyes and looking at the ceiling instead of giving me an opinion. 	3	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	I made the rounds of neurologists for severe migraines and Dr. Muscat was by far the best I'd been to.  I'm very sensitive to medications, so he kept a close watch on me.  He was also very personable and I felt like he actually wanted to help.  Imagine that! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	Excellent, very helpful and kind. He answered all questions. I Would definitely recommend him.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
72	1	Dr. Muscat was very professional and really knew what he was talking about.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
72	-1	 	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
73	-1	She was patronizing. Changed my appointment the day before the appt. I wonder if she treats all her patients like she treated me. Would not recommend her just based on her lack of bedside manner and her aire of superiority. She does not seem to like it when patients advocate for their healthcare and their bodies. 	5	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
74	0	Arrived late for procedure. No explanation. Follow up was poor. Gave me appoint. with his PA.  Poor advice. Will not be going back.  	3	2	1	4 	Insurance:CIGNA
74	1	Excellent surgeon.  Caring, friendly, took time to explain details 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
74	1	An excellent colo-rectal surgeon and a terrific human being. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
75	1	Has helped my family for a while. Very friendly and knowledgeable! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
76	0	Seemed like a very competent surgeon but not much in the way of bedside manner. 	4	4	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
77	-1	I wish that I would have visited this website prior to going to see this retched human being.  He was the most arrogant, pompous and rude doctor I have ever met.  I waited six months for him to doubt my caloric intake, tell me I need a psych evaluation and dismiss my fibromyalgia diagnosis (which HE diagnosed) with, &quot;Well, I can't help you.&quot;  Doctors like this need to be reported.  They are no better than crooks that can take your money and give you nothing back in return. Years of experience does NOT mean, the most educated or open minded. Do not see this quack, you are just wasting your money.  	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
77	-1	I saw this horrible human being. 2 He was obnoxious...initially told me I had a virus and I shouldn't worry  I would be better in a week or so.  After weeks of only worsening symptoms I asked if we should get lab work.  Having forgotten what he had already said he got irritated with me and said, &quot;I already told you you have severe rheumatoid arthritis and you are never going to get better&quot;.  Tearful and confused I said, &quot;No you didn't you told me I had a virus and it would be better soon&quot;  &quot;Oh did I &quot; he chuckled....he opened my chart and said &quot;oh so I did...well your lucky you don't have arthritis&quot;Dont waste your time....His staff was uncompassionate and rude.  I was recently diagnosed with lupus and was told my my new rheumatologist that labs finally done by Miller were not normal as he told me and were indicative of lupus.  I am in the medical profession and would never treat anyone as I was treated.  He also refused to allow me to see one of his partners.  Pretty sad.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
77	1	My husband saw Dr Miller in New England Rehab and needed to see him again with a severe problem that inhibited his progress after a stroke. We received highly knowledgeable and competent attention. Dr. Miller spent a generous amount of time and covered the subject, answering all questions. Dr Miller followed up later that evening  by phone, after consulting his notes, with a detailed plan for treatment. We will continue to seek his expertise in my husband&quot;s treatment.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
77	-1	I have NO insurance. I saw this Dr for the 3rd time in 2 years due to my symtoms and a recommedation from my family Dr. He gave me 5 minutes of his time. Told me there was nothing wrong with me (swollen joints) for 2 years and to consider myself lucky to be healthy. Well I have been dealing with swollen joints, tiredness and now a inflammation in my eyes. I was so upset when I left his office that if I said one word to him it would not have been pretty. He did not even examine me- he said he would not run any new test because I am fine. He spent 5 minutes with and $170 later. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
77	-1	I called and made an appt. with this &quot;Dr.&quot; and waited several months for an appt. I felt he not only didn't really think there was anything wrong, he didn't really care. I am not over weight, I am a woman. To make things worse, I had verified that he was in my insurance network. After my visit I got a bill for almost $300!!!! It wasn't until after my visit that I found out he had failed to sign the contract with my insurance company. He wanted me to pay for the visit!!!!! I did not.  I will not! 	2	1	1	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
77	-1	I felt that Dr. Miller could have spent more time with me, his patient yet he seemed aloof and disinterested in searching for the cause of my pain.  	5	2	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
77	-1	This doctor was not interested in what I had to say. Confirmed my GP's diagnosis and I was out of there in 7 mins. I waited 6 mos. to see him & traveled 45 mins. When I asked about new meds. I'd read about I was told he was unaware of any; however they were the pamphlet he provided as he shuffled me out the door. He was more preoccupied with my weight than my illness. I spent $300 for 7 mins. to be lectured on the vertures of weight loss. WHAT A WASTE OF MY TIME...AND he made it perfectly clear that I had wasted his time.  So if you need a specialist and you are overweight, stay clear of this man! He was not at all helpful. I cannot tell you if he is knowledgeable as we did not discuss my illness much and he did not provide any new treatment, other than exercise, which I am already doing [as much as I can do]. So there you have it.  	4	5	1	2 	Insurance:Tricare
78	1	My kids love Dr.  Morningstar - there is no one better! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	1	Very compassionate, friendly, excellent with kids and parents 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	My twins went to Dr Marden for 7 years until he moved. We miss him, i actually want to drive from Dixfield to Brunswick so that my kids can have their doctor back.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
79	1	Dr. Marden has an excellent &quot;bedside manner.&quot;  He is direct but friendly and gave me one of the most thorough general exams I have had in years. He appears up on the latest research on issues like cholestoral and diet and clearly has a proactive approach to having patients stay health.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
79	1	I like Dr Marden. Hes very nice and has a great bed side manner. He takes his time and asks you if you have any questions. I recommend Dr Marden to anyone.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
