dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
3	-1	 Alexander claims to be a geriatric specialist but is not able to diagnose Alzheimer's Disease or he does not have the ability to perform eccepted diagnostic tools to regognize the disease.  		1	1	1	Insurance:Anthem
6	-1	commentscrown, however broke tooth 	5	5	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	commentsThis is my own personal opinion based on my own personal patient experiences with him:  excellent urologist; excellent surgeon; lacks wisdom,patience,compassion; his caring for patients seems limited to the purely technical aspects of his practice; does not listen well to patients and doesn't really care what they think; easily offended when he's offered constructive criticism; if patient does not appear subservient, he is quick to threaten patient with discharge from his practice; bottomline is that he is NOT Marcus Welby, M.D. 	5	4	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	 I have been with Dr. Agren since 1997. He is the only Doctor I trust with my back.  	5	3	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
10	1	 I had severe scoliosis for years and pain in back. I searched for a back surgeon for about 2 yrs and found Dr Mats Agren in Falmouth Maine as a result of my primary care doctor. I had surgery Jan 24th 2011 and was very successful. I am almost pain free after 6 weeks from surgery. It was 7 hrs on the table and I was up walking same night. The dr consulted with for many hours and he said I would 90% pain free after all the years of pain. He also straightened out my spine as much as he could and now I stand up straight. The knowledge of this dr is great. I went to Boston Hospital and they told me there was nothing they could do, except keep going to physical therapy. I would recommend Dr Agren to anyone. He is the best.      David Marsters Sabattus Me 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Tricare
16	-1	 Unforunately.  Dr. Adler and I did not end on good terms.  She may be a a medicore gynicologist and can deliver children, but I would advise against anyone having her as your PCP.  She misdaignosed several things that were quite serious, and was not good at all referring me to a new person to help.  I had a phone conversation where she was INCREDIBLY disrespectful, rude, and unprofessional.  Please BEWARE.  I felt at one time I could completely trust this person, and am now dealing with many health issues that could and should have been avoided if not treated sooner.  	3	2	1	1	Insurance:Anthem
16	1	commentsDr. Adler is the best! She delivered both of my children, followed me until I moved from the area and 5 years later I still miss her!  Give Connie a hug for me next time someone visits her!!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	commentsConnie Adler is the best! 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	 Excellent doctor!   Listens and his suggestions are right on target.  One of the best doctors I have encountered.   Recommend, yes! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
20	1	 Excellent Doctor! Listens more than he talks...kind...attentive...knowledgeable....professional...everything a patient could want in a Dr.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	 Some of the staff, one medical assistant and some of the people at the front desk, who are very unfriendly. I like Dr Albert. She is very responsive to your problems. If she can't figure it out she will send you to a specialist or for tests.  	1	5	5	4	Insurance:Aetna
21	1	commentsdr albert is a great doctor. she is very knowledgable and courtious. 	3	3	4	4	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	 Attentive to my concerns. Discusses all treatment options, pros and cons.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	1	 Dr Adams takes the time to listen and is thorough and if unsure sends you to a specialist. He is extemely good with seniors.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
27	1	 Makes me feel comfortable. I don't usually like drs.  		3	4	4	Insurance:Anthem
27	1	 Such a great guy. Sometimes he is really rushed though that is not his fault. I think he has many patients since he is such a &quot;normal&quot; person. I wish more docs were like him.  		4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
41	-1	 I have been much worse after my surgery that Dr Alexander did. More pain and more nerve damage.  The man was nice, but extremely arrogant.  	3	2	2	1	Insurance:AetnaPaid/Co-pay:$19000
41	-1	commentsPaying neurosurgeon fees for PA skills. PA does evaluation. You dont see a surgeon for social skills, but this doctor delivers the verdict in condescending, arrogant voice. Asked a question and got snapped at.  &quot;My way or the highway&quot; attitude.  Took the highway! 	2	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	commentsVery helpful staff. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	commentsDr. Adams is an awesome Pediatrician.  He has seen my child after hours, always returned my calls no matter the time or day.  He is professional, and his staff are great.  They are very helpful/knowledgeable in all that is asked of them.  He has always taken my concerns seriously.  I would recommend him to everyone.  He is a solo practice, and performs very well for his patient clientelle. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
57	-1	 I have found Dr. Adams to be very unprofessional and in violation of HIPPA. I don't understand why he still has his license. He has a total disregard for the patient as well as the parents and their concerns.  	3	2	1	1	Insurance:Anthem
57	1	 We have used Dr. Adams for 9 years.  The biggest positive is that he is extremely knowledgeable and careful.  I always feel confident in his skills as a doctor and my children have received top notch care.  He is accessible, meaning that he has seen my kids at night and on weekends and I've never had to see another doctor but him.  In fact, I've wondered if he ever manages to take any time off!  The only negative is that sometimes his bedside manner is not what it should be...don't get me wrong, he's a very nice person and funny, but he can say things occasionally that don't go over well with kids.  I do highly recommend him.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
57	-1	commentsDr. Adams is personable, and friendly. He seems to prescribe first and ask questions later in our experience however. When we contacted them about an anti-biotic prescription, and asked about finding cheaper versions in the future, it seems Dr. Adams believed we were calling into question his prescription methods. A few days after the beginning of the medication, we were told to end it because the lab tests had come back negative. A few days later, our daughter was sick again. We called and asked to talk to Dr. Adams, to find out if we should start the medication again or bring her in, and were told he would get back to us. When we didn't receive a call after several days, we called again, and were told to go to the ER for any further issues, and we would be receiving a letter from him. He dropped us from his service in the letter. Later we found out that the lab tests had been contaminated. No one from his office bothered to tell us. Not a good experience to say the least. 	1	5	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
57	0	commentsI think he is sometimes to quick to just give a medication for something instead of finding out the reason they are sick or having certain symptoms. 	4	1	2	3	Insurance:Unknown
57	-1	commentsstaff was not willing to accomodate me with vital info regarding my child. often had to wait for the doctor in the room while he would jump back from room to room. would often leave the room to take calls. would discuss other patients in my presence. I was informed that i was discussed with other patients. was not willing to seek specific info regarding my child's medical situation, was not willing to become knowledgeable in specific tests required for my child. very unprofessional, very vague in every diagnosis for my child 	1	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	 he has been my kids dr for years and i wouldnt take my kids to anyone else.  he knows his patients by name and health.   they always try to squeeze you in and go out of their way to make sure yu are being taking care of 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
57	1	.  great guy!funny dude 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
60	1	commentsGreat doctor. Went to her for my first pap and she was so nice and knowledgeable. Paid/Co-pay:$120	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
64	-1	 I actually can't really say whether he's knowledgeable or not since he never really shared any knowledge.  Would just blow into the room, look at me for 2 minutes, say nothing and leave. I never knew where I really stood.  Plus, the one time I went to his office for blood work, they lost it.  	2	2	1	1	Insurance:Anthem
64	0	commentsHe is arrogant and blows off what family has to say about a patient.  Personally, I think that a family knows more about a person than a doctor ever will and he should pay attention to their concerns! 	4	3	2	3	Insurance:Unknown
64	-1	 He used to be my doctor, but not anymore.  I saw no point in continuing to go to a doctor who always talked down to me, acted annoyed if I asked a question about my health, and treated me like I was wasting his time.  	2	3	1	3	Insurance:CIGNA
67	1	 I had a wonderful experience with Dr. Adams. She was relaxed with me and put me at ease (I was a first time mother) and I found her to be very professional with just the right level of warm and fuzzy. I highly recommend her.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
67	1	 Dr Adams is an excellent OB/GYN. She is relaxed and experienced and kind. The office staff are helpful, and the new building is easily accessible. If you need an OBGYN, you will not be dissappointed.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:AetnaPaid/Co-pay:$20
70	1	commentsCaring and knowledgable staff; thorough in his diagnosis and prescribing manner,the people at the local hospital roll out the red carpet for this guy. He deserves it too as he is always there for his patients and their needs. A+ 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	 He is a wonderful, caring, patient, physician.  He listens to you and askes all the right questions.  More doctors should be as dedicated as he is.   He really is great!!!! 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Veterans Administration
72	1	commentsMy husband and I have had excellent care from Dr Abbott and we giggly recommend him if you want a professional, caring dentist who provides excellent care 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	 I have been a patient of Dr. Aiken for over 20 years. I cannot recommend him highly enough. He is very thorough and has frequently referred me for further testing when warranted. He is genuine, caring and very experienced. I have recommended several friends to him and they are delighted to be with someone (at last) who really pays attention and is thoroughly knowledgeable.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
73	1	 I have used Dr. Aiken for over twenty years. He is knowledgeable and caring.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
73	-1	commentsI have waited over an hour on most visits. Nice guy but we haven't reached diagnosis very quickly or accurately on 3 occassions. Feel he is following insurance or Intermed's protocols rather than making his own decisions resulting in a trial and error approach.      Referred health staff have questioned his diagnosis. 	4	1	2	1	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	comments 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
82	-1	 I was told Dr. Lauren Adey was one of the best hand doctor's in ME. I wasn't told that she/her staff have the WORST bedside manners in New England. I sat in the waiting room for close to 1 1/2 hours. When I finally saw Dr. Adey she was with me for FOUR MINUTES. She came in, didn't introduce herself, grabbed my wrist hastily, poked at my ganglion and said, &quot;There's nothing we can do.&quot;  I tried to explain to her that the ganglion was causing me a tremendous amount of pain. She interrupted, &quot;Impossible. Ganglion's don't cause pain.  Your pain is totally unrelated.&quot;  Calmly, I said: &quot;So, the pain in my wrist that started at the same time as, and is located in, the spot as the ganglion is just a coincidence&#63;&quot;  She curtly responded, &quot;Yes.&quot;  In the end she slapped a wrist brace on me, and said,  &quot;Wear this for a month. If you're still 'in pain' then I'll see you again.&quot;  And then she walked out.  I am still stunned at this transaction.  	1	1	1	2	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
83	1	 She was very helpful and knowledgeable to treat my condition. She also gave me the eye drops she prescribed as they are expensive out of pocket. I was very impressed with her.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
89	1	comments 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
94	1	.  Very kind and caring,Really takes his time to talk and most importantly to listen to you 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
98	1	 Superb diagnostician with excellent caring attitude who knows how to listen attentively to his patients and is not hesitant to make specialist referrals.  	3	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
98	1	 Dr.  Aalberg was very caring, conscientious and attentive to our family needs 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
98	-1	 Made decisions about my care based on past history and never met me personally.  	1	3	1	3	Insurance:Medicare
