dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	Kristin has a great bedside manner, seems highly knowledgeable, and honestly cares about her patients.  Her concern and interest is apparent from the first visit and I have complete confidence that as an internist she will put my best interest ahead of all other concerns.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
1	1	She appears to care about things.  Willing to learn. Office is riduculously hurried.  For what&#63;&#63;  Sends you to things not all that good.  Have to find others on your own.  	2	2	4	4 	Insurance:Medicare
1	0	The staff needs training in public interaction both on the phone and in person.  It's a poor reflection on the providers when the office is that rushed and unfriendly.  Jhamb is delightful and seemingly very competent yet the highly rushed nature of the office overall is not recommendable.  Lots of practices are high volume without this level of rush - makes me concerned about accuracy and thoroughness. 	2	2	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	Dr. Jhamb has been my PCP for about six years and is the best doctor I've had over the past 20 years. Things are a bit rushed, but that's the nature of American health care these days, turn 'em over. She does her best to explain things and actually seems to care. Past doctors just threw prescriptions at me and left me with little or no information on what was going on. The staff is average to good (depends a lot on who you deal with there).  	3	3	4	4 	Insurance:Anthem
2	1	Dr. Johnson is very knowledgeable and is not an alarmist.  He has a very practical approach to issues.  I would highly recommend him.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	1	very nice 	5	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
3	-1	Worse doctor I have ever had in my life. I almost lost my job, he told them he counseled me on use of sick leave. Turned out I had MS, which I found out after changing doctors. Also had knee pain, he told me it was all in my head. I finally asked him (after 18 months of pain) to cut my leg off. Finally got referral. Had knee surgery 2 weeks later for torn cartilage. Was always telling me it was in my head, I needed to see shrink. Now retired on Social Security Disability. Suffered three years with this guy. I would not take my goldfish to him. Not supportive of patients. I do not recommend at all. If you are one of his patients, please get another doctor.  	5	5	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
4	1	Dr. Juris is wonderful, skillful, gentle and kind.  I'm an RN and I highly recommend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
4	0	Waited to see him,once in room felt rushed.  He spent little  time with me.  Very pricey.  	3	2	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	Dr Juris is as kind and competent a dr as I have ever met.  He is skillful but soft spoken, friendly and concerned as well.  I have seen him for several issues and referred family members and friends to him as well and all have been very happy with the care tehy recived.  I can say enough about what a great podiatrist he is.   If you need a great podiatrist in the Portland Maine area do yourself a favor and go to Dr Juris! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
4	-1	I waited so long to be seen in Dr. Juris office. I was very disappointed in the help he offered me as well. I went to him for several months about ankle pain and he never really did much. After countless bills later I went to another doctor in South Portland and received much better care.  	2	1	1	2 	Insurance:Anthem
4	1	Dr. Juris is an excellent surgeon.  I highly recommend him to everyone.  He performed a bunionectomy and osteotomy on my right big toe in 2006.  As many other reviewers have noted, I was walking in a cast in four days and out of the cast in a few weeks.  I became pregnant with twins within a few months and within the first year the new toe was able to support my 70 pound weight gain with no problems.  The recovery involved very little pain and was quick.  My stepfather had this surgery years ago without the same type of procedure and had pins sticking out of his foot for weeks and took months to fully recover.  Dr. Juris' procedure is SO much better.  I highly recommend him and his highly professional staff.  No wait time in his office either and x-rays done right there in the office before you see him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
4	1	Amazing surgeon. I needed to wait 2 months before he could do my procedure. It was well worth the wait.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
4	1	I didn't have surgery, just an office visit. I assume he's a skilled surgeon so I went to ask about surgery. He clipped one toenail to biopsy, though this wasn't related my needing surgery, and charged $161 for that one clip. The biopsy he sent the nail for was a separate charge. Even a respected surgeon can overcharge.  	4	5	3	4 	Insurance:Anthem
4	1	I had bunion surgeon. It was a great experience. An amazing foot surgeon. He also helped my husband resolve chronic Plantar Fasciitis after he saw a number of other specialist.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
4	1	Have had 2 surgeries with Dr Juris and each was an overwhelming success. He is extrememly knowledgeable. He makes his diagnosis and gets to the business of treatment. I would and do recommend him to everyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	Great outcome following bunion correction surgery. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	Dr. Juris is an incredible Podiatrist! I needed bunion surgery on both of my feet-Dr. Juris is the leader in this area of expertise. Everything about Dr. Juris is wonderful -his personality, his bedside manner, his passion to his work, his dedication to his patients and his practice, his expertise in the area of podiatry and more. Dr Juris performs a bunionectomy using a procedure that most Podiatrists will not perform because it requires a little more time & training on the doctors part. Dr. Juris cares so much about his patients recovery therefore he performs this superior method of sugery to reduce patients recovery time and substantially reduce the amount of pain during recovery. I had two successful bunion surgeries performed by Dr. Juris 10 weeks apart and would do it all over again it I had a third!! My outcomes were excellent and I thank my lucky stars everyday for finding Dr. Juris. I live everyday painfree! He has changed my life forever! 	 9/24/06		5	5	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	He is an excellent cardiologist, and has very good people/patient skills. He takes his time, explains the medical issues with you. You never feel hurried with him. You really do feel that he has genuine concern for you. His staff, especially his RN's are very good. It is a very busy practice, but I've never felt rushed or dismissed. The entire staff has always been responsive. There have been a number of times that I've had to wait for a long time, and then been rescheduled. This is understandable considering that he is an INTERVENTIONAL cardiologist and probably saving somebody from a heart attack.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
6	1	fabulous compassionate and caring 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	DR JUMPER IS AN AMAZING DR AND HUMAN BEING.  HE SAVED MY BABYS LIFE BY DOING EMERGENCY SURGERY ON HIM WHEN HE WAS BORN.  HE WAS ALWAYS AVAILABLE TO ME AND TREATED ME AND MY CHILD WITH RESPECT AND DIGNITY.  HE ALWAYS TOOK THE TIME TO EXPLAIN TO ME EVERYTHING THAT WAS GOING ON.  HE ALWAYS BE THOUGHT OF WARMLY IN MY HOME 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	excellent doctor.I am an OR nurse and feel dr. j is knowledgable caring and goes the extra mile.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	-1	Dr jumper is an over rated dr! He treated a friend of mine just aweful! He denied my friend help and he had no place else to turn and dr j knew this. It took yrs for my friend to find help. He was forced to go out of state. Dr j did seem to know his stuff. But i wouldn't choose this dr if you want someone who cares about you, your pain or over all well being. I do not like to say bad things about people but I just feel so bad for my friend. He did NOT do anything wrong to be sent away. He just needed some pain relief and for asking he was dismissed as a patient. Just sad. 	1	3	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	Literally saved my husband's life. We will be forever in his debt. Top notch doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
7	0	Dr. Jumper is knowledgable. he comes across as having a good bedside manner. However, when push came to shove he left me hanging. He left me on the operateing table and walked away because I asked about pain meds for post surgical pain. He left me with no help when I needed him the most.  	2	3	2	4 	Insurance:Medicare
8	-1	i paid dearly and got no treatment or care.  My appointments were not about the patient and her issues but doctors 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	Very thorough. Good listener. Good follow-up.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
10	1	. very nice he is very helpful 	5	4	4	4 	Insurance:Anthem
11	1	Dr. Nathan Murray-James is one of THE BEST Doctors out there. He is open minded about holistic care, and encourages his patients to know about their health issues. He is sincere, kind, caring, and has the best bed side manner of any doctor my family has ever had. The kids loved him. He is NOTHING like the arrogant, conceited &quot;all knowing&quot; physicians I have dealt with all my life. And Dr. Murray-James is always 100% present for you, not distracted or rushing. I highly recommend him. (One more plus.... He doesn't let the drug company reps. control his choice of drugs for his patients.  He shows them the door!!) 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
11	1	. Very attentive - never feel rushed 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	1	He is certified in Internal Medicine, AND is a Nephrologist (&quot;kidney doctor&quot;).  His specialty is Nephrology, 	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Medicare
13	-1	Dr.Johnson was no help to me when I saw him for 15 years. He can be rude, and arrogant.  Find someone who has empathy, and truly wants to help you!  Dr. Johnson doesn't empower you and give you confidence!!  He put me down, and acted like he was better then the &quot;average&quot; person.  	2	4	1	2 	Insurance:Anthem
13	-1	I found Dr. Johnson to be arrogant and unwilling or not able to see me as an individual. I found him cold and quick to judge. The most disturbing issue was I genuinly believe he did not care to get to know me, and that he judged me from the moment I walked through the door. Through advice of others I gave him a couple of chances to work with me, but to my disappointment his lack of concern to develop a doctor/patient relationship based on mutual respect, and trust left me feeling that I did not recieve the medical care and direction I needed. My advice: trust your intuiton, if I had I would have not wasted the time,money, and set back in mental health progress.  	3	4	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
13	1	I have been a patient of Dr Johnson for 18 years.  From the beginning I have found him pleasant, knowledgeable and easy to talk to.  I had been under the care of two psychiatrists previously for depression that had been highly resistant to treatment.  Dr Johnson changed my prescriptions and relieved my symptoms.  Although the illness affected both me and my husband, Dr Johnson was the only one willing to talk with both of us together.  I would highly recommend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
13	1	. most helpful and responsive to needs; very prompt and attentive; makes time when needed to see patients; helps in navigating medical system, useful in monitoring medication use and interactions 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
13	-1	This Doctor did not show concern for my needs.  He was condescending and rude.  No help at all.  Stay away from him.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
14	-1	LIED ABOUT MY INJURY, IN ORDER TO HELP MY EMPLOYER. aND BECAUSE OF HIS SCREW UP, I STILL HAVE A MESSED UP BACK. tHIS WAS 4 YEARS AGO 		3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	Dr. Johnson and Melanie are some of the best people you could goto. They have always taken great care me never even close to have any problems. I mostly see Malanie, but she is awesome. She even saved my life and always gave me 100% attention. I really don't understand why anyone would have any problems there. They are simply the best.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
15	-1	showed groin cist didn't do anything,got worse made new app. saw nurse prac.  ingnored imploded into my body,came back again,refered to surgy went bad ,now have cist draining in my underwear daily ,what a mess,smell.  Stay away from this  doctor unless u welcome death 	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
15	-1	Punctuality: My husband said he was never on time (he would wait 45+ minutes at times) and used to spend most of the appointment going thru papers in the folder, making notes, reading and throwing stuff out. Knowledge:  Had my husband on a med for three years. New doc (internal medicine) said he doesn't need it and that it can cause kidney problems with someone who doesn't need it. He is now being tested to rule out kidney issues and has to see a specialist. Staff:  Staff tries to be helpful, but so many issues with documentation, prescriptions, faxes etc. 	3	1	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	An excellent, very professional, well-educated &amp; trained Internist &amp; Nephrologist.  He is considerate, conversant, friendly and advocates for interaction with his patients if those patients who are so inclined want to take an active, participatory roll in their own care.  There is no question that he is exceptionally well-trained. He's also straight-forward and understanding of each patient's needs, medically and emotionally.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
17	-1	She was very rude, and right in front of the other patients in the lobby she was going off about how good another DR was that she would say the same thing as him and stated &quot;I DON'T THINK YOU WILL BE SEEN HERE TODAY&quot; so we just walked out ...  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
17	0	The office is clean but I thought the staff was not very friendly. Dr. Johnson has a lot of experience. I thought she was a little rude, I was also upset after my appointement because she would not say what she was going to do to my eyes and she would just stick her finger in it and it was not very pleasant. She was rough and I just wish she could explain to the patient what she is about to do before actually doing it. A little bit more talking and explanation would help.  	3	2	2	4 	Insurance:Aetna
18	0	a little unsure about this doc.Diagnosed me with a neuroma and sent me for xrays to make sure no broken bones before starting with injections.Couldnt get back in with him until another month,then when i finally did see him he hadnt looked at my xrays yet.Re examined my foot,and decided to send me for an MRI before injections.Its going to be another month before i can get in to see him after the MRI.In the mean time i am in pain.His Re examination was no different from the first one.Asked all the same questions,gave all the same answers.&#63;&#63;&#63;&#63;&#63; 	4	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
