dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
3	-1	commentsDr. Xue was rude and inpatient with me being a new patient. He didn't seem to care a out my issue and pretty much rushed me out of his office without properly explaining treatment options.  There are other options and I will never go back to this practice. Paid/Co-pay:$10	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	 I have been a patient of Dr. Xue's for approximately 10 years - I first went to him while he was practicing in Lewes DE. During this time, Dr. Xue performed several Mohs surgery procedures. Some were routine, while one in particular was rather serious and complicated. Dr. Xue has the very best &quot;bed side manner.&quot; He is so kind and caring and always follows up with  a personal phone call and email. Dr. Xue's medical knowledge is EXCELLENT and his surgical skills are top notch. ( his technique = very minimal visual results!) When he re-located to Maryland (3 hrs. from my hometown), I did not hesitate to continue to seek his services. As recently as June 2012, I again had Mohs surgery (on my neck) = 30 plus stitches are barely visable today! This physican and expert surgeon is the absolute best! His staff is very accomodating to my every need. I HIGHLY recommend Dr. Wayne Xue for any and all (dermatology) needs for he truly is the best and a very caring and compassionate human being.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	 Dr. Xue has cared for 4 out of 5 of our family members and I have recommended him to many of our friends. He and his staff are professional, courteous, and always find time to assist my family in our dermatology needs. Dr. Xue listens to our concerns and, with his MD and PhD (which I find comforting), provides us with accurate and complete medical information. He considers our concerns and opinions in his medical determinations. I always feel that I am fully informed. I was so grateful that he found and removed a fast growing mole on my young son. I credit Dr. Xue's quick action with stopping the progression of these abnormal cells. He has also gently guided our teens through their acne difficulties. The kids love seeing him - and have also made referrals. I highly recommend Dr. Xue and his staff. They are knowledgable, timely, accurate, and very friendly.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
3	-1	 Unprofessional.  Doesn't listen to the patient who says that creams don't work because of lack of time to apply and have kids so unable to put on toxic cream if kids around.  Doesn't keep common treatments in stock, admist they often are out of stock for many months.  Require patients to keep calling in to inquire if medicines are there instead of calling patients when medicines come in.  No sense in going there when other Dermatologists always have the same medicines in stock.  	4	2	1	1	Insurance:AetnaPaid/Co-pay:$35
3	1	 I have been a patient of Dr. Xue's for approximately 8 years. I first met him while he was practicing in  Lewes DE. Then Dr. Xue relocated to Maryland and even though it is a 2.5 hour drive (one way), I continue to see him for all my skin problems. Why&#63; Dr. Xue is extremely knowledgeable, skilled and compassionate. I have experienced serious issues and Dr. Xue is always caring, not only concerning my physical health but also my emotional state of mind. He is a top notch surgeon, dermatologist and person. I will definitely continue to rely on Dr. Xue for all of my (skin) needs. I recommend Dr. Xue for any needs one has relating to his speciality.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	 Dr. Xue is a very professional, yet compassionate physician.  He takes the time to explain options and doesn't perform unnecessary procedures.  He is one of the very few doctors that I know who views the patient as a person, not a revenue source.  He is an excellent diagnostician who is very thorough.  I have complete trust in his abilities, and would recommend him to my best friend.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	-1	 I have discoloration of the skin on my leg so I went to him to check it out and possibly get a treatment for it. He prescribed me a steroid and I went home, used it until I had no more left. It did not help at all. I currently am a medical student and found out that what I had was a fungal infection and you are NOT suppose to use a steroid on a fungal infection. So yeah...very disappointed that I wasted money on my appt and on a prescription. I currently am using a over the counter product for a fungal infection and it is already starting to clear up.  	4	4	1	1	Insurance:MAMSI
3	-1	 I went to him once and never will go back. I filled out all the necessary forms and when I saw the doctor he asked what I was there for. I explained to him that I had an history of skin cancer and needed to have a skin check. I also wanted to point out some potential problem spots I located on my own. Since I was going to work afterward I had a long sleeve short on and long pants. All he did was look at my face and my hands which were exposed. That was it. Never again.  	3	4	1	1	Insurance:United Healthcare
3	1	 He was caring, passinated, and knowledgalbe. My skin problem resolved few days after I visited his office.  		5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	1	 Enjoy every visit with Dr. Xu. He spends a lot time with me on every visit and makes informative care decisions with me on my ongoing multiple medical conditions, including diabetes, and heart disease. He has excellent bed manner and very skillful in communication. I have brought all my family members to him! I have highly recommended him to my collegues and close friends.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	-1	commentsI don't think  he likes  putting everything in the computer, that is when his service went down hill. 	1	1	1	3	Insurance:Unknown
6	-1	 I have seen him a few times, very unhappy about his service, didn't want to listen to what I had to say or questions I had. Totally put me off and gave impression he didn't care.  	2	2	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	1	commentsDr. Xu doesn't act like he knows everything. He will research into problem areas and try different things. He will also LOOK AT YOUR CHART AND READ IT! 		3	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	commentsThis Is an EXCELLENT Doctor she has been my Doctor for 2-3 years.DR.Xia listens to the patient's need's with care &amp; understanding run's any test if needed explains any results quickly and in terms you understand lay's out a treatment plan you can follow and use's the hospital and staff as a team to give the patient QUALITY CARE you can trust.I WOULD RECOMEND THIS DOCTOR to anyone and Thank you G.B.M.C. for Hireing DR CHANG XIA she is a Credit to your institution and a True leader in Patient care after 20 YEAR'S WITH G.B.M.C I THANK YOU .the franze family 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
