dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
13	1	commentsBecause of Dr. Van Echo's expertise, my two cancers, pancreatic and kidney, are in remission.  Dry sense of humor which I appreciate. 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
13	-1	commentsPoor bedside manner. Does not like researched questions by patient and/or family member. Staff helpful. 	4	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	 She has been their for our two boys by phone day and night. Highly recommend! The staff is great and helped out with issues I was having breastfeeding.  Was also able to be fit in last minute! THANKS!!! 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	1	 Dr.Wendy is an excellent, caring pediatrician!  She is extremely knowlegeable and selfconfident and has an amazing ability to handle children of any type with little effort.  My son feels very comfortable with Dr. Wonderful! 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
18	1	 I finally figured out that Dr. V moved from Waldorf, MD to Olney, MD.  She is an excellent dentist.  She did two extractions in less than 15 minutes.  I couldn't feel a thing.  She is the best dentist I have ever been to.  I am glad I finally figured out that she is working in Dr. Assatourian's office in Olney, MD.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Delta Dental
18	1	commentsDr. V is extremely knowledgeable. She was very nice and I didn't feel any pain with any of my procedures. It's been a little less than 2 years now from my procedures and I have no complications. She graduated from Columbia Dental school so I know she knew what she was doing. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	commentsYumna is by far the best Dentist I have ever seen. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	commentsDr. Valencia is a wonderful clinician and a caring doctor 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	comments 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
21	-1	commentsThis DR did 2 things against his contract with my ins.co.& 1 I think was fraudulent.(1)he bypassed my ins co. and billed me $75 for a missed appt (2)then billed me directly again, $110.00, for an &quot;Office Consult&quot; because his staff called a refill to the pharmacy for me. I looked up the visit/diagnosis codes on his bills  and contacted my insurance co. immediately. He insisted on changing my Rx's when I was totally satisfied w/current meds so I decided to see what was documented in my chart. I called my request in to his staff. That night this DR called me at home to find out why I wanted my chart &amp; refused to provide it until we met to discuss it. He was unprepared for the meeting and the chart was completely illegible. There were no exam forms or reports, just pages of unlined paper w/completely illegible handwriting. Not long after that I got a letter discharging me as he was leaving the area.He's still in the same office. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
21	-1	 Is very standoffish, was told by Dr.Van Ravenswaay not to keep calling his staff when I needed to refill my meds and he would not return my calls to refill them.  	2	1	1	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	 My son has an extreme depression with anxiety including suicide attempts.  This doctor is extremely thorough and concerned and will go to extra lengths to try to fix the problem.  My son is often uncooperative and does not follow doctors orders but this doctor still follows through and tries to help him.  It is trial and error with antideppressants and this doctor is willing to keep trying.  I would definitely recommend him.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	 He is very thorough and gives you the pros and cons to different meds and is very careful when medicating children.  I am very pleased with his knowledge and experience with medication management.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	commentsover 9 or 10 years of therapy, always has listened to me carefully, remembered my history over the years in detail, as though I was his only patient, and has given helpful, knowledgeable, and at times specific suggestions and advice.  His correct diagnoses of my illness, and the proper treatment for it, (after many years with other therapists who were unable to give me relief), was a godsend.  He is a very dedicated therapist. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
21	-1	 The doctor had a black eye during my sons first appointment.... after meeting this cold, retentive man I thought to myself&quot; I bet one of his patients popped him&quot; 	3	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	-1	commentsUnless you like showing up for appointments multiple times just to be told that you aren't in the schedule, I would not recommend this office. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
21	-1	commentsWhat an arrogant and uncaring man. He needs to review physical medicine as well as to take sensitivity lessons 		1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
21	-1	commentsHe was very &quot;offstandish&quot; and &quot;impatient&quot; during visits. Whenever his method or treatment was questioned he became very defensive and wouldn't give any answers. Was asked to fill out some forms for my work and refused until later confronted by my spouse. Should see a professional himself. 		3	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	 I went to the UPenn hospital, where every doctor knew him. He is over 200 miles away. He also was available whenever I needed him. He should fire his awful receptionist. She does not understand the meaning of emergency and is rude.  		5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
21	-1	commentsway overprescribed with medications that did not treat my symptoms. Very defensive and nasty when his treatment is questioned. Would not forward medical records to new provider 		3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
21	-1	commentsDoesn't seem to know very much about adolescents or medications effect on them. Overprescribes. 		3	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	 The best oral surgeon I have been too.  Would recommend him to my mom.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Delta Dental
28	1	comments 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	 I have been Dr. Valente's patient for 10+ years.  I trust him and appreciate the care I have received over the years. Specifically, we have strengthened our doctor/patient relationship, and I feel more comfortable going to my medical appointments armed with questions.  He always takes the time to address my concerns and often calms me down.  Dr. Valente and his assistant, Val, have created an atmosphere of safety and calm, and for that I thank them.  D.  Walker 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	1	 I have been seeing him for some years now and he is great! Everyone is so nice in the office. I have never had any trouble getting my appointments. I always feel that he gives you his time and answers all questions you may have for him. I am well pleased to be his patient.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	1	commentsVery satisfied and I have been going to Dr. Valente for about 12 years. 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	 Totally disagree with other rating. I find the staff extremely efficient and helpful. I've never had a problem getting an appointment. Dr. Valente is always willing to talk and answer questions and explains all avenues for treatment.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	-1	commentsFront staff is extremely rude, phone calls not returned, difficult to get an appointment, unresponsive to concerns, cavalier attitude towards management 	1	2	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	commentsDr valle wad my doctor for over 20 years. I have GSD type 1a and he by far the best i have ever seen from a patients standpoint. This DR puts more then just his brain and medical input into your care. He also uses his heart. Very careing man and also has a great bedside manner. Thanks Elmer justice. 	5	5	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
32	-1	commentsHis bedside manner is terrible.  I had questions and he left the room without telling me and didn't come back.  He did the same thing to my dad and sister.  We all changed doctors.  He doesn't like to answer questions either.  I want more input from a doctor. 	4	3	1	3	Insurance:Unknown
32	-1	 He might know his stuff...but he has a huge ego that thinks he is doing the patient a favor by explaining things.  He is annoyed by questions.  I don't like being treated like an idiot.  Get another doc.  	4	4	1	3	Insurance:United Healthcare
32	1	 Dr. Van Meter is knowledgeable and will adhere to your requests, but don't go to him if you want to give or receive small talk or a long explanation. He isn't exactly brusque, but he is brisk and businesslike and you may feel rushed out of the office depending on what you expect from your doctor. If you already know what you want, however, he's a fine choice.  	5	5	3	4	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:$10
36	1	 Great ! Wonderful service, knowledge of evidence based as well as other information that might have caused the disease. Therefore, treatments have great effects. Never does any internal treatment without blood and urine tests- indicating the evidence base. Emphasizes on diet etc.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:$25
36	1	 I like Dr. Vaid. He is very knowledgeable and gives good advice.  Depending on when you go, you could end up waiting a while.  Also, I think Dr. Vaid is used to dealing with lower education/income people so I find that I often have to slow him down from whatever he is doing in regards to my treatment and get him to explain to me what is going on. I think he is just used to people letting him give them anything. He was preparing a shot for me once when I had a bad sinus infection and before he got near my skin, I had to stop him and say &quot;whoa! what is that&#63;&quot;  He was like, &quot;it will make you feel better.&quot; I had to say, &quot;no, what DRUG is that&#63;&quot; Only then did he take the time to explain. Now he knows though that he need sto talk me through everything.  	3	2	4	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$20
36	-1	commentsNot a good doctor to go to.  His staff is nice.  He got my medical records mixed up with another patient.  I was being treated for something the other patient should have been treated for.  As a result, I had severe panic attacks.  I wrote a letter to the MD Board of Physicians.  I am told that they sent him a letter to educate him. 	3	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	commentsHe is a good doctor .if you get any lab work make sure you get a copy of your results and ask the doctor about .also ask question about any presscription.write down all your concerns so when doctors comes you will be ready.remember nurse spend more time whit you doctor comes for 5 minutes . 	4	5	4	4	Insurance:Unknown
36	-1	commentsDr. nearly took my life by prescribing a number of medications I did not need. Moreover, his diagnosis were totally incorrect, despite the fact that I shared my medical history with him, which has always very good. 	3	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
50	-1	 This doctor is mean and unprofessional.  She was very cold as soon as she opened her office door.  By the way, her office is situated in a suite of other practices (i.e. law) which has a communal waiting room so it's hard to know which office is hers vs. the others. She did not greet me when she opened her office door. She just said &quot;who's next.&quot;  As this was the first time I met her, I didn't know if she was the Dr. or one of the lawyers in the suite. i had to ask if she was the Dr. She did not shake my hand, smile, or ask me to sit. She got agitated when I did not have my referral letter and suggested I make another appt when I had it. Her tone always remained unfeeling and her demeanor was always rude, even hostile. I have never meet a more passive aggressive Dr. in my life. At the end of the appt, which was a waste of time, she opened the door without saying thank you or good day.  	1	2	1	1	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
57	1	 We love &quot;Dr. Wendy&quot; because she is able to relate to our kids and us as parents. She has helped us with managing the milestones of parenting. Our oldest has now transitioned out to an &quot;adult&quot; doctor and says that he has not found anyone who helps him understand his disease (diabetes) like she did. She has a great network of doctors and specialists. Dr Wendy  works part-time because she has young children, so sometimes you have to wait a few weeks to get a longer appointment (such as for a physical.) What we DON'T LIKE: The rude office staff (one woman in particular is just mouthy, on the phone and in person.) And we really dislike the CNN &quot;parenting&quot; channel that is played on a large flat screen. It is played at a loud volume and there is no way to escape it in a small waiting room.  	3	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	1	 Dr. Vaghi is GREAT.  I have been receiving treatment from his office for 2 years.  He is punctual and knowledgeable .  He takes the time to meet with patients if we ever have questions and even answers repeated questions with kindness.  He is a funny man and interacts well with both adults and children.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
64	1	 I had an absolutely wonderful experience with Dr. Vaghi. He did a great job testing for allergies and helping me understand what options I had in dealing with them. Moreover, his office staff were delightful to interact with. I was feeling under the weather (for a non-allergy related reason) when I came to the office, but just being there made me feel better.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:$35
64	1	 Dr. Vaghi was very concerned with my son's peanut allgery. He calls you to let you know the results then confirms everything with a detailed letter. He's the best.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	1	 Extremely good bedside manner. Helped us out and listened to my medical problem.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
69	0	commentsRefused to refill my prescriptions for HBP, Cholesterol and depression.  Why&#63;  Beats me, and really don't give a damn. 	5	4	1	5	Insurance:Unknown
75	1	 My family has been seeing dr valle for almost 20 years.  Everyone I have ever sent to him stays with him.  He is caring takes his time and genuinly cares about his patients.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
75	0	 I've been seeing Dr.valley for over 18 yrs he is a very good doctor. He saved my mothers life. I don't really like his staff or medical asst.  	3	5	4	1	Insurance:AARP
75	1	 My family have been patients of this doctor for 25 years.  He cares about his patients.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
75	1	 My whole family sees Dr.Valle.He dealt with my grandfathers cancer before my pop passed.He is the best doctor you'll find around.He cares about his patience.I had a stomach problem very very late at night once and he stayed on the phone with me telling me what i should do and everything.He is a FANTASTIC doctor.I would NEVER reccommend any other doctor but Dr.Valle.He runs very lat all the time but it really is worth it.  	4	2	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
75	1	 dr. valle, is the doctor of a life time. he cares so much for all of his patiets.i feel so grateful he is my entire family's doctor. he always takes time with you and you feel a special trust and a bond with him. he is not only my doctor but a very close friend who has saved my life in many ways!he saved my life and my daughters life when i was pregnant. i seen a specialist that morning and dr. valle in the afternoon and he saw that i need attention asap. i thank god every day of my life for his skill and abilities. excellent doctor, i give him AAAAAAAAAAA+ he is great! GBMC is lucky to have him!!! 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
75	1	 I LOVE DR VALLE! I have been going to see him now for 23 years and plan to stay with him until he retires! As everyone else agrees, he's more like a friend and gives each of his patients the same personalized care he gives you. He's very knowledgable and very on target. He's up-to-date with all necessary information on illnesses and new drugs. I have nothing but the utmost respect for him as did my mother before me. She saw him for years until the day she died in 2000. I would recommend him to my very best of friends as well.  The wait has got to be the worst aspect of his whole practice but as I've been saying all along, he's well worth it! 	4	3	5	5	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
75	1	 I have not been a patient of Dr. Valle's for very long, but will be with him as long as he is in practice!  Excellent patient care!  You will wait, but it's worth it because he will spend as much time as necessary with you.  He always asks about my life, how things are going, etc.  Seems more like a friend.   I would refer anyone to him! 	5	3	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
75	1	 dr valle always takes my calls about my baby. even if im just being a paranoid new mom.  i dont mind the wait he always has cause i know he is giving personalized attention to every patient. he is always available for a last minute appt. i would refer him to anyone.  	5	3	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
75	1	 Paul Valle is a very good guy. He is very thorough and not afraid to refer out. I always feel very cared for when I see him. He is very warm and asks about my personal life. He sees me as a total person, not just a disease or illness. I don't mind the wait, because like others, I know he is giving every single person the same attention he gives me. He also isn't afraid to listen to me and allow me to participate in my own health care. I am relatively new to him, but I suspect I will stay with him as long as he is in practice. Very excellent doctor.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
75	1	 I've had him as a Primary doctor for several years.  I followed him from Eastpoint Medical Center out to his own practice at GBMC.   I love him! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
75	1	commentsI have had this doctor for 25 years. Everything he prescribes is right. When I get to a specialist he referred me to, they always keep the medications he prescribed. He is so caring and at times (because he is so busy) you have to wait, but it is a good wait because the same amount of time will be spent on you.    The staff are great in message taking and it may take doc time to get back to you that day but he does. I love the way he talks to me, like a friend. I feel comfortable with him and all the docs know him because he has so many patient referrals. 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
75	1	 Dr Valle is the doctor for most of the people in Dundalk where he practiced for 15 years or so. All of the patients I speak to in his office followed him to GBMC hospital. It is a 30 minnute ride but worth it. That is why I could not give him all 5's. He is very talkative and a fried you will think when you leave his office.  	5	3	4	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
79	1	 I have been seeing Dr Jon for the treatment of neck pain and migraine headaches for 2 yrs.  I hav eseen several Chiropractors throughout my lifetime and Dr. Jon is top notch! The practice has 3 chiropractors, massage, acupunture and physical therapists. It is always easy to get a last minute/same day appt. Dr. Jon has a gentle touch and a pleasant demeanor.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
87	1	 Dr,Vali is the greatest.i have been seeing her for over ten years or so . i will  recommend anytime 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
87	0	 She is okay.  Sometimes she would have too many patients she kind rush you.  Otherwise, I like the fact that you can call her anytime on her emergency number.  The other good thing, you can get an appointment the same day you call, they usually try to accomodate everybody, so you don't have to go thru pain for a long time before you could see her.  	5	5	3	3	Insurance:Aetna
87	1	 Dr. Vali is a great family doctor.  She always takes the time to really listen to patient comments.  She is competent, knowledgable and caring.  Most other doctors I have ever been to would have to improve their service to deliver her standard of care.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
87	1	 Dr. Vali is an excellent doctor. She takes the time to spend time with her patients and listens to all her cares and concerns. It is very easy to get appointments and her staff is friendly and helpful. Highly recommended. The office phone number is 410-531-6080.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
87	1	 Dr Vali is a wonderful doctor who truly cares for her patients. She offers all services including gyn exams, physicals, blood work. She also sees geriatric patients and kids 4 and over. Her Clarksville, MD office is a home setting in a private area. Dr. Vali takes her time to listen to patient's problems and concerns and follows up promptly on patient requests. You are never rushed when seeing her. When there is a real need or emergency she sees patients right away, even on weekends. In this time and age when doctors are only interested in making money, Dr Vali is a rare gem who offers &quot;REAL SERVICE&quot; in the truesense of the word. Five Stars! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
91	1	 Dr. Van Dam is a very understanding DR. he listens to me and makes me feel like everything will be OK. I would never go to another Dr. as long as he's in practice.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$25
93	1	commentsI went to Dr. Valentin because I felt really sick. Other doctor's offices that I called I had to wait a week to see the doctor which didn't help my situation! His staff was nice, courteous and helpful. He was a pleasant doctor and was extremely thorough. I would definitely recommend him if you want a good doctor. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
93	1	 He has been my family physician for almost 30 years.  While he is well informed on all of the latest medicinal treatments and technologies, his office and staff give you the warm and cozy &quot;old fashioned&quot; bedside mannerism that so many other physicians seem to have lost or are just too busy to offer.  I really appreciate Doctor Valentin.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
93	1	 He has been my family physician for 20 years. Every diagnosis he has ever made for me has been accurate. Follow-up tests he recommended confirmed all of his diagnosis. He takes a low-tech, common sense, conservative approach to medicine. Appearances are not his priority. I've always received good quality care. Every specialist he's ever sent me to has backed up his diagnosis. I'm at the point where I don't even go to a specialist because I trust his instincts.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
93	-1	 Very judgemental and belittling. I was concerned I had been exposed to a certain disease. Rather than do a blood test (or even direct me to another doctor that would test me) he went on a diatribe filled with worst case information most of which I later found out wasn't even accurate. I left his office in tears.  	1	3	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
93	-1	 This guy tried to prescribe antibiotics for a viral infection. He performed the exam with the door open, and left patient charts sitting around. Very sketchy feel to this office.  		3	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
97	-1	comments 	1	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
97	0	 I had 2 implants and wasn't even given the option of sedation.  The surgery was very long and very very painful.  The office manager was extremely rude to me every time I asked to have anything submitted to my insurance company.  Isn't that her job&#63;  I won't be going back and I wouldn't recommend this practice to anyone.  	1	4	3	3	Insurance:United Healthcare
97	1	commentsI have gone to Dr. Van Gennip for several years and am very happy with his treatment.  I have had oral surgery, including a couple of implants.  I would highly recommend him. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
97	1	commentsI felt very well cared for as if I was family.The doctor is very patient and since I was scared, I had my treatment done under sedation.I was particularly impressed when I got a call at home after the surgery. Thanks a million for caring, 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
97	1	 This is the first time I felt that a doctor and his  staff cared about the patient. I was impressed when I got called at home after I had surgery done to check how I was doing.I would recommend the services of this office to family and friends.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
97	1	 very good experience.Staff warm and I felt very welcome. Doctor passoniate about his profession and knowledgeable 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Delta Dental
97	-1	comments 		3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
