dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
12	1	 Dr. Facemire is dedicated, warm, honest, and knowledgeable.  She doesn't beat around the bush when telling you how it is.  Her compassion and bedside manner are excellent.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	 Dr. Faber is an amazing GYN. She is patient, caring, knowledgable and knows how to distract you while she does her GYN &quot;thing.&quot; She takes her time in answering my questions. She calls you directly if something is abnormal in your test results. She doesnt take Aetna, but I changed insurances, so she took me at an out of network rate. The office staff are friendly. The office and rooms are clean and hygenic with plenty of things to ready. Getting an appointment was fairly easy if you are new, and easy if you are a current patient. There is a group of women that operate out of this practice.  Highly recommend! 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
27	1	commentsNever had a problem in 4 years. I find the doctor very helpful and is very big on prevention. 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
27	-1	 Morally, I overheard this doctor speaking against his real daughter's mother.  I could not believe a man would care more for his step-child, than his own daughter.  I stop going to him after that.  I would never allow my second wife to stop me from caring & loving my natural born child. Character does not trump talent.  	1	3	1	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	-1	 My initial meeting had me very excited that I'd found a doctor who cared and took time with me. Approximately one week after my 1st appointment, I was diagnosed with colon cancer. Surgery would need to be immediate. I called Dr. Fagan's office to get a pre-op exam, and was refused an appointment. My surgeon's office contacted this Fagan to express the urgency. He still refused to see me. I was forced into a frantic search for another doctor. Luck for me, my surgeon's team came through for me all the way. Fagan's office keeps sending reminders for my next office visit.  Why in the world would I go back&#63; 	1	3	1	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	1	 Always takes time for you.  If he can't help you he will send you to someone who can.   Been our family doctor since he came to Hurlock, MD 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	1	commentsHe is one the most intelligent and most professional doctors out there. He is really concerned with how you are doing and goes to all ends to make sure you get better. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	commentsI have been a patient for years.  I find her to be extremely patient and a whiz at adjusting contact prescriptions. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	commentsDr. Fang is an independent optometrist with her office in the Gaithersburg Costco (you don't need to be a member to see her). She provided first-rate service during my appointment. With an engaging, warm personality, she puts you at ease immediately and makes the experience very enjoyable. Dr. Fang carefully provided a very thorough examination, all the while discussing any concerns or questions. Her recommended tweak for my contact lens prescription worked out wonderfully. A fantastic doctor all around. 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
51	1	 Front desk staff is extremely rude. They are nicer in the back office...BUT i had a 2:30 apt and didn't see the doctor until 5:30! I'm not coming back here...  	1	1	3	4	Insurance:Aetna
51	-1	 In Jan 2012 Dr. F decided to change all patients from Oxycodone to Dilaudid w/o a wean, so most go through withdraw. Now the change didn't upset me, but the withdraw did when it was stated that it's comperable only to find out from the pharmacist that it isn't. His wait times are a minimum of 3 hours &amp; I've waited as long as 8 hours. Don't plan any other appointments following his, you'll have to cxl them. As for helpfulness, based on my opening statement, but as far a being polite &amp; friendly, he is that &amp; he will talk to you, if he isn't too rushed, which is rare. He doesn't seem to return calls either. He maybe knowledgable but it doesn't usually show. Despite what one wrote about the reasons people wait so long, some are under the constraints of their insurance which doesn't look favorably on changing doctors. Otherwise, I would have changed a long time ago, enough said!! Oh and how he gets a rating in the 10 ten pain management doctors in Delaware is beyond me with these ratings.  	3	1	1	2	Insurance:Workers Comp
51	-1	 Waited 5 hours and walked out without seeing him. I demanded my records back and he finally came out to nurses station telling me if I wanted to see &quot;The best doctor in Delaware&quot; I should be happy to wait for him! I was appalled. My response was that people come first, not his ego and that I have a husband with a severe neurological disorder waiting for me at home and that five hours was unacceptable. He was arrogant, uncaring and his staff spent more time on their cell phones and chit-chatting then expediting the process. When I left out of the waiting room there was easily 40 people waiting their turn to be seen. I'd rather continue being in pain that see this money hungry egomaniac who runs his clinic like a slow-motion production line.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
51	-1	.   	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Medicare
51	-1	commentsWhen I walked in his office it reminded me of a methadone clinic. Wait was 5 hours then I left. There is no reason to make anyone wait 5 or more hours let alone 1 hour. While there it became obvious the reason people are willing to wait, DRUGS. I feel sorry for the people in pain but it looks to me that this guy gets you hooked on the meds and you'll do anything to get more for the pain. Not one person I talked to said his procedures made things better. If you want drugs, go see him but be prepared to wait a long time. If you want to get better, see a real doctor. 	2	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
51	-1	 my name jack titter.complaint is 6 hours wait everytime.wants me to go against 2 other doctors opinion.insist on lower back implant just after 9 months ago surgery,3 level fushion.could set up serious staff infection.cut my med all the way off.  	2	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
51	1	 Ive been going to Dr.Falco for about 7yrs and there have been some recent changes some are for the better. Most of the other written opinions are pretty accurate but, the staff has much improved and are actually quiet pleasant! The wait is now about 2-3 hrs which is much better than the 5-6 hr wait from before. Another plus is that their are more Drs. and assistants now so its on a better one on one for listening and treatment. They have added an Open MRI machien and can do most test such as Ct Scan, Xrays, EMG,Nerve Conduction studies etc so you dont have to go out to have them done. Anyway this is a much better report than most but,it has improved and oh yeah they now drug test every visit and they must be very clean and cannot show any rx not prescribed by Dr. Falco. ps.  for any of the dr's patients reading this no Im not an employee! 	4	1	4	4	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
51	1	 I read all that was writen and thought I'd update. The average time is now 4 to 6 hours and longer. Why do I keep going is that he seems to know his stuff, the PA,s and other Drs. are the same and in good spirits considering what they go through working there. Yes there have been some problems but, in general pain is hard to work with and control. Like myself and others pain is unbearable and hard to control I have had proceedures done that have made the pain worse and others that felt like a godsend. I honestly would not wish what I go thru on anyone, so yes the wait is way to long,the seats are uncomfortable and sometimes the staff is testy from being overworked but they have helped me and I would probably would not here if it was'nt for them.  	3	1	4	4	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
51	-1	 Staff were great. Long wait (5 hours). Doctor was none attentive to what I was saying and just ordered lots of testing. This casued more waiting.  Would not return 	3	1	1	1	Insurance:Coventry
51	-1	 This is the WORST Doctor I've ever been to in my life.  I waited in the lounge for 2 1/2 hours then waited another hour in the treatment room.  Dr Falco sent an intern in to take my history then when he finally did come into the room he spoke as if I wasn't even present. He  asked the intern all the questions about how I was feeling.  I did not make an appointment 6 weeks in advance to sit while he spoke to the intern.  After they were finished talking, he proceeded to call his tech support guy (on speakerphone) to discuss the problems they were having with the office fax machine.  This went on for at least 15 minutes.  I swear the only thing that he said to me was that I needed to come back in a week for an MRI.  Yeah right, I will never go back to that office! They treat you like crap, not like a person.  Find a real doctor, who actually cares about your condition not just the money.   I wish I had read these comments before my appointment so I hadn't wasted my time! 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:CoventryPaid/Co-pay:$30
51	1	 This doctor made me wait 6.5 hours and was a little weird. However, the man knows his stuff. He helped my pain and explained things well.I imagine pain managment has many unhappy people. I was happy to see that there is a strict contract on drug screens and other policies. I think things can get crazy with pill hooked people. The staff was very friendly, esp the clinical staff and procedure nurse. I dealt more with his NP and have nothing bad to say... I have heard that the other doctors in his practice are wonderful too, without the wait! 	5	1	4	5	Insurance:Workers Comp
51	-1	 -This is the WORST pain doctor I've ever seen. I'm a very polite intelligent person but the staff and docs treat everyone as if they are there to get drugs. They even make you get a blood test after the 1st visit-marijuiana/etc even if there is no reason to suspect you are guilty until proven innocent and then say if you don't have the test done within 24 hrs they won't treat you,run as fast as you can from this very dirty office with rude, arrogant staff.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Medicare
51	-1	commentsI was seeing Dr Falco for over ten years in that time the only thing he accomplished was getting me completely hooked on narcotics. I endured extremely long waits some up to six hours but usualy in the three hour range.After the initial consultation I only saw him walking by I was passed off to a underling for the dozens of nerve blocks and burns I had done with no results.Only after the office dropped me from the practice after reaching MMI Did I have any improvement and I did that on my own by getting off the drugs they had me on.They mistakenly called my house one day and left a message. They thought they were talking with the insurance company about working together to drop me from the practice. These guy`s are crooks legal drug dealers and only interested in the insurance money they can get once they milk them for all they can get they throw you out with the trash.Avoid this guy he is bad news he cost me over ten years of my life my job my wife and three kids.While he makes millions 		1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
51	-1	 Talks on his cell phone all the time while you sit there. He actually fell asleep twice while dictating notes into his little tape recorder! Office staff unbelievably rude. Gave me two sets of nerve blocks, neither of which did a thing. He over-prescribed narcotics and made me extremely sick. One of the worst and most selfish doctors in Delaware.  		1	1	1	Insurance:CoventryPaid/Co-pay:$1500
51	-1	 Dr. Falco, though knowledgable, was rude and swore at staff right in front of me. Front desk is not pleasant. Long (3 plus hours) waits. Good abilites but has apoor office and bed side manner.  		1	1	2	Insurance:Workers Comp
51	1	 Great Doctor. Very careful and took the time to explain all aspects of my medical condition.  		5	5	5	Insurance:HealthPartners
51	-1	 1 of the WORST dr Ive had the misfortune of seeing for discograms ordered by my ortho surgeon. He refuses to do so without an office visit 1st. Office & staff are cold & uncomfortable. I had to pay before I was seen. Finally taken back, some young guy &#63; comes in & says &quot;I see you are going to have a discogram done, any questions&#63;&quot; I said no, I've had one before & he ended the appt. Furious, I demanded to see Falco, who had no intension of seeing me. These needless appts are obviously just money makers, a waist of time & abuse of me & my insurance. The day of the tests, he was late, leaving me waiting on the table while he makes endless phone calls on his cell phone down the hall. (the nurses complained he does it all the time & they have to stay late because of him) He enters the room blairing music, dancing around the room, never once addressing or speaking to me. I refused to see him ever again. He's arrogant, rude & inconsiderate & could care less about his patients.  		1	1	3	Insurance:Aetna
51	-1	comments1st visit within 15 min was told I had fibromyalgia even though i had all my records with me showing other diagnoses, he gave me a bunch of meds and ordered tests but still was not helpful in rehabilitation. All visits after was with his assistant and was waiting to be seen most of the time. I left a few times w/o being seen, the pain was too intense to sit in the hard ass chairs in the waiting room, rather lie down at home and deal with the pain then sit for two hours. Even though I informed the front desk I was leaving, it was noted in my chart that I missed appointments and the assistant informed me of my attendance, when explained my case, she didnt beleive me and didnt take into account of the incompetent staff. Well, I discontinued see the incompetent office and found that i did not have fibromyalgia but DDD in L3-S1 really bad to cause alot of pain in hips and legs, in addition to traumatic carpal tunnel, with 2 herniations in the cervical spine. HELLO! EDUCATION&#63;&#63;&#63;where&#63;&#63;&#63; 		1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
51	0	 Dr Falco is caring but he has been taking advantage of by every dooper in DE. The staff is rude. If you can get by the front desk you'll be ok except for the fact that he will NOT write oxycontin. He must have gotten in trouble. So all in all if you need schedule 2 medication and are willing to take MSContin etc then he may be for you.  		1	2	4	Insurance:Workers Comp
51	0	commentsDr. Falco is willing to just give medicine to solve problems without really taking a close look at the patients needs. The office is always 1-2 hrs behind in schedule and the nurses are not very pleasant. Dr. Falco is not considerate (nor is the office) in calling back when there is a call put in for help. I would not recommend going to him as a pain management doctor. 		1	2	4	Insurance:Unknown
53	0	 I agree with all of the other comments seems to be a ok doctor but the waiting is crazy.  Also the record keeping is disorganized as I had to fill out the same paperwork numerous times and not to mention that a report from a specialist was never received or followed up on until I had to bring the report to them.  The report had some meaningful information that had to be followed up on...  	3	2	3	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
53	1	 I have been at other doctors office,but Dr fadul treats you like family.I am so happy that Med-Ped Health Care, LLC will now be staying open late for emergency care.THANKS med-ped.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
53	1	commentsI saw the Doctor on the time scheduled  Nice greeting from the front Desk  The Doctor was excellent and fast in recognizes the health problem  The Tech was nice and very helpful  In general the doctor visit was very helpful 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	 The best Dr ever. he takes good care of his patience, he gave good advise to his patience 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
53	0	commentsThe waiting time is absolutely rediculous. You wait for an hour at the waiting area and you go in and wait for another hour. The doctor doesn't even have time to answer all your question. 	2	2	3	3	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	.  Accuracy in diagnosing a problem with excellent communication and personality 	4	3	4	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
53	1	 Nice guy, but I am going to go elsewhere after a THIRD doctor's visit in which I spent over an hour in the waiting room before getting 5-10 minutes of his attention.  He seems earnest enough, but I can't devote my entire morning to a routine follow-up.  I asked a few fellow waiting room prisoners if this was typical for this practice and they said that waiting at least an hour is very standard. I also had my entire medical history reviewed with me by his staff on all 3 visits (e.g., any relatives with high blood pressure&#63;  do you smoke&#63;) and a new form filled out each time--doesn't seem very organized.  	3	1	4	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$15
53	0	 I have been seeing Dr. Fadul for many years now.  When I first started seeing him my wait time was reasonable, but as the years go on the wait time gets longer and he seems to have less time to answer my questions.  He always seems rushed and I feel he pushes me into making appointments without explaining why I need them.  Sometimes I'll go in with a specific complaint and walk out with an appointment for a specialist that has nothing to do with why I went in to see him in the first place and that original issue was never dealt with.  He might be a good doctor if he was able to spend more time with his patients and focused on the issue at hand before looking into other problems.  	3	1	2	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$30
53	0	 Nice doctor, but this is office is ALWAYS crowded.  I've never waited less than 1 hour to be seen.  Of the four or five times I visited I only actually saw Dr. Fadul twice.  The other times I was seen by other physicians, but was not notified in advance that Fadul was not available.  Again, nice doctor, but I prefer more personal, connected service.  	3	1	3	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
53	1	commentsVery compassionate 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	commentsHe is a wonderful person, bright with a good sense of humor, he is a master at his craft a real gem in the Baltimore area. 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	 Dr. Fakhar is a great family doctor. He is pleasant and seems very knowledgable and will treat you to the best of his ability. He has the absolute worst staff you could ever meet. Two of the laziest and most unhelpful people you will ever meet. Neither belong in the medical field. They have little, to no experience doing their jobs. They bring children and little babies into the office and spend most of their working time babysitting their own chikldren. The one child tears through the office like a terror, throwing and messing things up. They are too busy taking care of their own children to do their work. They dislike doing any of the necessary insurance paper work. They have paper thrown all over the office and have mail that hasn't been open for months. They get made at Dr. Fakhar and outwardly show their distain for him to patients.Very unprofessional. Don't depend on them to do your paper work right that will cause you numerous problems. Good Doctor, bad staff.  	1	4	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
62	1	commentsThe best eye doctor I have ever been to!  I went to the Kent Island location.  I HIGHLY recommend her :) 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
64	-1	 She was cold and rude. It was the worst experience with a doctor I ever had.  	1	1	1	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	1	 Doctor makes you feel comfortable and not like you are a burden. She listens to everything and is an absolute joy in a stressful situation (Child Birth).  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	-1	 Dr. Farber did not really have a clear prognosis for my condition and suggested things that seemed to go against what other specialists recommended (as I now know after getting 2 more opinions). I came in for a sesamoiditis problem (pain in ball of your feet). The Dr. came into the room with 3 other people (a medical intern, a nurse in training, and another random person). I couldn't really establish a contact with the doctor among this crowd, and was very emotional because of my injury. He didn't really reassure my fears or give a clear prognosis. At some point he suggested a cortisone shot with the words &quot;we don't really know what it does but it might help.&quot; He might be an amazing specialist in other foot/ankle disorders and a very gifted surgeon, but he did not help me in my situation. I ended up seeing somebody in Georgetown University foot &amp; ankle center instead (Dr. McGuigan).  	5	5	2	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	1	 Wonderful practitioner.  Gentle, very thorough.  Offered multiple options and tailored my treatment to the condition and my activity level which is very high.  Great follow up and great staff.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	1	commentsA phenomenal surgeon, and attentive with pre and post op care. Good beside manner (this doesn't really matter to me in a surgeon, but it is nice). I got 3 opinions before this surgery, and his was the most tailored to my specific injury (his treatment was seconded by the Chief of Staff at a major area hospital as well). He was also the most willing to work with my requests: such as not wanting general anesthesia, dissolving pin instead of a permanent pin. I couldn't possibly have asked for a better experience or a better doctor. He handled all of my post-op visits personally; I never had a nurse or tech do anything else besides removing gauze from my surgical site. 3 years after surgery and my foot is in beautiful shape-I regularly play softball and roller blade, which was nearly impossible before my surgery-and I only have the faintest scar at my incision site. 	5	3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	 Has a wonderful bedside manner.  Extremely helpful, knowledgeable, and kind.  He's the go to guy when you need a chiropractic adjustment.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	1	commentsHe is an outstanding chiropractor, and unlike many in the field he spends a full 15 minutes with the client. He is very easy to talk to and is very caring. 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
74	1	 Always running behind by more than 20 minutes. While she is behind and you are waiting she is making personal phone calls. She is nice but has no respect for your time.  	4	1	2	5	Insurance:CoventryPaid/Co-pay:$40
82	1	 I thoroughly enjoyed my visit to the dentist. She changed my life with the work she did. I show everyone my new smile.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
82	1	 She is very honest. Made me feel at ease when I went to see her.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
82	-1	commentsShe is the worse dentist ! Very unhappy and not professional. 	4	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
82	-1	 Beware, she lies and fails to admit mistakes unless she is pushed into a corner. There are better dentists to be found, search around.  	1	3	1	1	Insurance:Aetna
83	1	 Dr. Fairchild is a very caring and warm physician. What impress me most with her is she will always return your call. I was on vacation in N.C. and the ER called her and she was right on my situation. These services are very rare in this day and time. I know I am blessed to have her. When I was hospilized for something other than medical, she stopped by to check up on me. Always punctual and if she's running behind staff will immediately relay that to you.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
83	1	comments 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	commentsExcellent physician 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
95	1	 Excellent bedside manners. Always took the time out to explain things to me in a way that made me understand.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
98	-1	 The doctor FORGOT talking to me on the phone while I was in the hospital for 5 days. She diagnosed my DAD with depression (he was 80 years old) and never asked for any other tests. He died of cancer a year later. She never checked him as to why he was losing so much weight...SAD thing--we trusted her.  	1	2	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$15
98	0	 Dr. Faraday has a tough bedside manner and she expects you to only schedule appt if you are trully sick - colds do not count.  This makes you feel like you have to truly justify why you want to see her or else you are silly.  	3	2	2	3	Insurance:Aetna
98	1	 Dr. Faraday has been my PCP for 4 years and I think she is great.  Her staff is very helpful too.  She does not beat around the bush - she tells it like it is and I like that.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
98	-1	 Very poor people skills. Makes patients feel like they are stupid.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
98	1	 Great doctor!  Her staff if also very helpful.  First rate, all the way around.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:MAMSI
