dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	Dr. Tamma talk excellent care of my daughter. She was extremely patient and checked in on us regularly. I really wish she would open a private practice! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	-1	I left the practice because although she may be knowledgeable, when I asked her about being concerned and wanting to prepare for being premenpausal, bone density, etc. at 45, she said I was too young and didn't offer any advice.  Now 3 years later, I'm going through menapause.  Maybe she just didn't care. I need someone that will take the time to talk to me about my concerns. 	5	5	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	got the blood work ahead of time, took her time, made me feel at ease and I waited to feel better to write a review...... thank Dr. Tavakoli for truly helping me when other told me its in my head. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	0	This is a great practice if you don't mind being there for 2 hrs. and being examined with outdated equipment. 	3	2	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	Very friendly staff. Good selection of frames. I saw Dr. Taylor a little past my appointment time, but she conducted a very thorough exam and spent the appropriate time with me. I made an appointment in the morning for the same day. The glasses arrived within 7 days, and are the craftsmanship is well worth the wait of 7 days compared to places that ready your glasses in a few hours. The lenses are perfect for my prescription and the frames are of high quality. I purchased progressive lenses with the non-glare coating, so I had higher out-of-pocket expenses than most people. I would recommend Dr. Taylor to anyone. First rate service and care. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	He is a very good dentist. He will go above n beyond. He is very kind hearted 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	This dentist solved my problem that other dentist did not properly take care of. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	-1	 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
7	-1	We scheduled an appointment on Wednesday morning 9:30 AM. We never got a reminder call. On Wednesday morning at 8AM we got a call from her office that she wouldn't be available at 9:30 AM so we should come at 10 AM or 2 PM. Since I have already taken half day leave, we agreed to 10 AM appointment. When we reach the office at 9:55 AM we were told that she is not available. Either we should re-book an appointment or see another doctor. This is highly unprofessional of these guys. First they should have called us if the doctor was running late. They did not call us and moreover the staff was not apologetic at all. They were behaving as if this is normal. We have seen many doctors in this area and never found any of them to be this unprofessional. I don't know about the doctor since we have not met her, but would not recommend any one because of her staff. 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
7	0	Dr Manbir is knowledgeable and very interested in the well being of the patient.  She keeps up-to-date with the new research. 	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
7	-1	Very poor service. Get charged double all the time. Do not return any calls. Follow up visits also charged copay and do not check on the progress. They just mention that they cannot do anything else after 2 visits and ask us to please visit emergency if need more help.  	1	1	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	Dr. Takhar works at a walk-in health center, though, if you want a physical, you should make an appointment in advance. I used her for my last physical and wish she was closer to home, as I'd like to use her as my regular doctor. She's easy to talk to and helpful. I like her staff. They do blood work at her office and don't charge a fee for sending it out. Expect a wait, but worth it. Her office is as good if not better than a regular doctor's office, I think.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	0	Dr Thomas, his partners &amp; ov manager Lisa Koppleman are just money hungery I don't care about patient care.I had shoulder surgery in January 2012 &amp; was told all my cost would be covered if I had surgery at Maple Lawn Center which he is part owner of.The night before my surgey I got a call from Maple Lawn telling me because I had not met my $800 deductible I needed to bring that money in order to have my surgery. I was floored. Two weeks after my surgery I got a bill from Dr Thomas' office for another $800. When I called the office to ask why I got this bill, the manager told me the first $800 I paid was for the facility &amp; this is for the Dr's service. When I tried to explain to her what I was told by Dr Thomas &amp; the center that my cost would be covered, she told me to take it up with my insurance &amp; that I was still responsible for the $800. Beware of this practice. They double billed me &amp; I am filing a compliant with the insurance board.  	1	1	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	0	Went to see Dr. Thomas for a pain in my left knee.  He said I needed surgery and agreed to have it at their Maple Lawn Surgery Center. I was told that once I paid my deductible to the surgery center that I would have no other out of pocket expense. So I paid my $875.69 &amp; to my surprise I received a bill from Dr. Thomas' office stating I owed another $465.00 as part of my deductible. After I contacted the office I was told that the money I paid was for the facility and not part of the Dr's fee. But if you are part owners of that facility doesn't that mean that you already received your payment&#63; The agreement was I would be billed as if I was in-network with the facility &amp; if I had known I would be billed for so much money I would have had my surgery in a hospital.  When my post-op care is done I will not be going back to see him.  Also he rushes you &amp; is bothered when you ask lots of questions as if you're taking up his time.  	2	1	1	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	-1	I was having pain in my left tibia a couple of months ago. Even though I had an MRI from when I was younger of some unusual activity going on, Dr Thomas tapped my knee and stated my pain had nothing to do with the bone. He then proceeded into I has tendinitis and needed to stretch then gave me a shot of cortisone in the muscle and pain killers to take home. I ended up going to see another doctor as the pain worsen by the day. This new doctor ordered an MRI. After reviewing the MRI and consulting his partner they stated that they never had seen something like that and I needed to go for surgery the following day. After surgery the new doctor had removed an equivalent amount of puss as a golf ball out of my bone (tibia). He stated that he was glad we had taken care of it right then because i was at the limit of septicemia which could have been life threatening. Thanks god i had health insurance at that point :-) if it was up to me this doctor would not be practicing! 	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
8	-1	went to him with knee pain plus pain in other joints. Did not even suspect arthritis. Had a medial meniscus tear that he did arthroscopic surgery on. Ended up having similar pain in my other knee and he said the only knee he will look at is the knee he treated. Ended up having another doctor in the same group look at the other knee. He conducted another unnecessary surgery on the other knee (found nothing). Arthritis worsen a lot after being on crutches and phsiotherapy that did not consider arthritis and included stretching the joints to the max. And all he need to do was a simple blood test...  	 5/12/07		3	1	Insurance:Aetna
9	-1	She acts as ahe knows only her computer and not her patient.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Veterans Administration
10	1	Thorough examination; puts me in mind of the doctors of yesteryear (minus house calls).  He listens  and communicates well.  Dr Tauber is not interested in throwing meds at a symptom/patient, but wants to  figure out the underlying issue.  Blood tests were drawn right there in his office after exam.  We received a call either the next day or two days after the office visit with Lab results.  Oh and heads up, 1st-time patients,  expect more than the run-of-the-mill medical questioning and medical exam.  Dr Tauber skillfully balances his knowledge and years of experience with the CARE of the patient.  We were referred to specialists and the office staff had those doctors' cards or contact info typed out ready to give to the patients.  My husband and I were impressed with the level of care from Dr Tauber  and his staff on our first visit.  We hope our subsequent visits will be the same.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	1	I never knew a doctor could be like this! Dr. Tauber is a model for a compassionate, knowledgeable professional. When you are meeting with him, you feel that you are his only patient. He helped me through a bad case of pneumonia with grace, humor, and caring. Through my numerous follow-up visits he continued to show the same level of care and professionalism. I felt I could rely on him and that my good health truly mattered to him.  He has been a true blessing to me! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	1	Used Dr. Tauber the first time because he was on my Mailhandlers' PPO network. I'll use him forever, even if he is not. Old-fashioned excellence and care in this office. Not just Dr. Tauber, but all the techs and staff as well, everybody provides quality care and service. Dr. Tauber is gently persuasive about weight and blood pressure, you want to do better so as to please him. I like that he is not test-happy, like some doctors who use the tests as therapies. It's hard to find a primary care doctor, you might like the individual but not feel happy with the way the office is run and the scheduling. Dr. Tauber's office is representative of variously- aged people, people of color, everyone on staff being top notch. If other practices want to know what Best looks like, take a look here.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
10	1	Outstanding doctor.  You look up doctor in the dictionary, there is a picture of Ira Tauber. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	Excellent clinologist, has patience with detailed instructions, carefully explains diagnosis.  Work with great concern for the patient.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	1	I have used Dr. Tauber for many years. He has spent a gread deal of time with me for my Asthma and Gurd.  I find him to be very paitent and very careful in my treatment.  I give his name to my friends because I know he will treat them just as carefull.  He is a wonderful doctor and easy to talk to, he takes his time and explains my treatment and causes and works hard to find a cure.  I am very happy with him and would not use anyone else.  Esther Gould 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
10	1	Best doctor I've ever had.  Has squeezed me into appointment slots, even stayed late for urgent situations, always a very thorough exam, even if the initial reason for an exam is very specific, does not rush through appointments, gives excellent advice and opinions, very friendly and caring physician.  He is like we want all doctors to be.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
10	1	Most unique, thorough, efficent doctor you will ever find in today's time.  Trust him with my life 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	1	Great doctor. Very knowledgeable and interacts well with all family members needs. Would highly recommend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	-1	He did not spend much time to explain to me about my daughter's fractured finger.  And he did not tell me to bring her back for a routine follow-up appointment 2 weeks later.  He did not even put the splint on her finger.  It was a technician who did it.  I would not go back to that office again.  	3	1	1	3 	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
13	1	DR TAM IS PART OF THE JOHNS HOPKINS COMMUNITY PHYSICIANS. HE IS WONDERFUL, CARING, AND COMPASSIONATE.  I RECOMMEND HIM 110%! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
14	1	Dr. Jimenez has treated me anxiety disorders for over three years. She is an excellent doctor who really knows her stuff especially her medications. I trust her and find her easy to speak to. She is very good at answering questions about treatment plans and it seems to me wants to educate her patients to help them get insight on their problem. She has a nice office, in a good location right off 270 so it's easy to get to. There's always parking. She also referred me to a great therapist for talk therapy. I've been very happy with her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
14	1	been with dr. jimenez for a long time. my rx treatment plan with her is great, she is an honest and very well-informed, great to talk to and open with discussing options and giving information about my disorder. i would recommend her highly. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	-1	Does not return phone calls, speaks condescendingly, has incorrect contact info on business cards, filled a prescription for 175mg instead of 25mg and is often out of the country. 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	too slow.  	1	1	4	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
15	1	I had total confidence before surgery, and now after surgery, that confidence was well deserved.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
15	1	I had 2 brain aneurysms that needed to be removed.  I was told that Dr Tamargo was the best doc to go to.  He made me feel very secure and confident.  He performed a clipping and it was very successful.   He is a wonderful doctor and he saved my life!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	I went to Dr. Tanzi for laser hair removal and could not have been more pleased with her warm personality, professional demeanor, punctuality, and state of the art lasers.  I received three treatments on my bikini line and was so thrilled with the results that I did my underarms next and am now in the middle of having my legs done as well - I'm saying goodbye to shaving! Dr. Tanzi is very thoughtful and honest about what treatments she recommends and what to expect for results, so you don't feel like you are being pressured or oversold on needless treatments.  I highly recommend Dr. Tanzi to anyone considering laser hair removal. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	I have been to several dermatologists who were generally unhelpful with my foliculitis (ingrown facial hair), so I was hesitant to see another dermatologist, especially one that did not accept insurance. Visiting Dr. Tanzi was well worth it. The laser hair removal treatment she gave me and the prescription cleansers she prescribed really did the trick and allevaited the annoying and embarassing skin problem I had. Dr. Tanzi really takes the time to listen to you, explains all options, and gives a thorough exam. Very helpful staff and nice facilities. I would recommend her to anyone. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	-1	If you have anxiety surrounding the dentist do not go here. I was so relieved to read other comments about Dr Tamami's ridiculous temper after my experience. He threw me out of his office when I was upset after a painful procedure. Instead of being patient and understanding, he told me he did not want my money, but he also did not want me in his office again. I offered to pay that day - he did not let me. I later received a bill for the procedure and a note saying I had been terminated as a customer. Did he think I would be crazy enough to go back&#63; He also criticizes his staff in front of patients. He may know how to fill a cavity, but his ego is huge, attitude is horrible and his ability to offer good customer service does not exist. 	2	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
17	-1	Definite temper. Seems to have anger issues. Actual dental work was good. 	2	3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
17	-1	Worst dentist.  Has a temper and does not mind to take it on his patients.  I had to go to another dentist to fix his mess. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	Good dentist. Has good education but also has temper and flies off handle. In terms of dental expertise he definitely has it. 	5	5	4	3 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	I have been there for years .very satisfied with the work done .I will recommend him to all my friends &amp; family . 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	I have been going to Dr. Tamami for several years and have consistently had excellent professional care. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	-1	This is the worst dentist I have been to and my experience with him left me with a lot more work than I started.  He is not a professional and he has a temper.  Save your money and go to another dentist. 	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
18	-1	I have serious concerns about Dr. Theobalds' practice. He's on the older side and needed a nurse practitioner (who knows what she's doing) to follow him around and correct his diagnoses and prescriptions. He'll say something and she'll say, &quot;No, we're not doing that, we're doing this,&quot; and he'll just nod. He also wouldn't treat my thyroid condition (a pretty common one) but sent me for several expensive tests and procedures before referring me to a specialist. The office turned me away when I was sick, too. I finally left and have received better care elsewhere. He's a nice man, but I don't trust him with my healthcare.  	2	2	1	2 	Insurance:CIGNA
18	1	great diagnosis... great solutions. took quick n great care of my problem 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	Very professional, knowledgeable, one of the best I haVe had.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
18	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Theobalds' DC office for over 15 years and I must say that Dr. Theobalds and his staff are the BEST.  Each members of his DC team display compassion, honesty, respect, and dignity of each individual person who enters his office.  Personally, Dr. Theobalds and staff, keep up the excellent work you do and in all areas of practice. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	0	Very, very good doctor, he is excellent when it come to helping his patients. Very good help in the Laurel, Maryland office. But his help in his Washington, DC office is not the office/people/patient type!!! Not at all...  	5	3	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	Takes time to evaluate and explain very well. 	2	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	Dr. Tee is an EXCELLENT doctor. He has a wonderful bedside manner, is very attentive, thorough, &amp; compassionate.  I have recommended him to ALL of my friends! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
20	0	 	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	SHE IS A WONDERFUL CARING DOCTOR WHO REALLY CARES ABOUT HER PATIENTS, IT WAS VERY HARD FINDING A TRUSTING DOCTOR AFTER BEING WITH YOUR ORIGINAL DOCTOR FOR 25 YEARS BUT DR. TANENHOLZ HAS STOP MY WORRYING AND I VERY HAPPY TO HAVE FOUND HER FROM A FRIEND WHOM REFERRED ME TO HER THANK GOD.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
21	1	I love Dr. Tanenholz! She's genuinely interested in her patients.  She is a very organized doctor.  I love the fact that she gives us our next blood work before we leave so the results will be there at our next visit. We are seen in a timely manner.  Most of her staff is also very professional.  The only problem I have is seeing her on an emergency basis, because she does not double book her patients. Which is no fault of hers personally. Her desk staff's attitude needs an overall when patients are trying to see her on an emergency basis.  They just flat out tell you, you can't come in because she is not available.  And it is ridiculous you have to go to an emergency room for example for poison ivy. Beside some of the front desk staff, she is an excellent doctor.  	4	5	4	5 	Insurance:Aetna
21	-1	Dr. Tanenholz is one of the worst doctors I have ever seen.  Yes, she has a delightful personality, but her medicinal skills are horrific.  I came to her on several visits, and have yet to walk away with adequate diagnosis or treatment for a problem.  She refused to treat me on an emergency basis when I arrived with the bulls-eye rash for Lyme disease.  My insurance papers were never adequately filed.  She never followed up on emails or phone calls.  	1	5	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	Dr. Tanenholz always gives you the time to need to ask any questions pertaining to your problem.  She is as easy to talk to as your best friend.  I haven't been this happy with a doctor in a long time.  I highly recommend her.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
21	1	Kelly is a total sweetheart. I started going to her when I had insurance through my parent's policy, now that I've started my own policy with a new insurance company the office is dropping Carefirst Bluechoice. It's really too bad, she was an excellent doctor. If you are looking for a doctor and the office takes your insurance I definitely recommend her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	Dr.Tanenholz is a real person, not a stuffy, non-listening doctor. She even has a sense of humor which is a MUST for me! She's very easy to talk to and the first doctor in my 40 years I've liked. I'm sad to say that their office is no longer accepting my insurance and I will have to find another doctor. This is very upsetting, and the blame lies with insurance companies. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	Dr Tanenholz is very proactive in providing the best care for her patients. She follows up and each time you have an outside procedure.  I recommend her highly :) 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	I was new to Maryland and needed to go in for my woman's health checkup, so I chose Dr. Tanenholz from my insurer's list of practicioners. I wasn't sure what to expect as my last female doctor was always quick, hurried, made me feel very uncomfortable, and like I didn't know anything! Ms. Tanenholz was an unexpected breath of fresh air after my past experience! She was so nice, very helpful, and made me feel so comfortable even though I always get nervous/anxious when visiting doctors. She explained things well, was very friendly, and had a great bedside manner. I definitely made a good choice and highly recommend her to any other women out there looking for a great doctor to help them out with female-related problems (women's health is her specialty).  		3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	-1	Dr. Teller is a joke. I went in simply because of a stye on my left eyelid. The nurse who examined me confirmed this. But then Dr. Teller came in and told me that I had a papilloma (In case you don't know what that is, it's basically a tumor). Before I got too freaked out, I got a second opinion from another eye doctor that I've been to before and whom I knew I could trust and - surprise, surprise - he saw no evidence of a papilloma whatsoever. If all that wasn't bad enough, I waited nearly 45 minutes just to see him, then he had the nerve to seem rushed, as if he had somewhere better to be (I was on time AND I wasn't a new patient, by the way). He also had a crass, jokey way of talking, which was completely inappropriate considering he thought I might have cancer. Needless to say, I will not be seeing him ever again.  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
22	-1	Dr. Teller provided routine optometry care for me for several years (prescribing contacts and glasses) and I was satisfied with the service that he and EDOW provided.    Then, last year, while under his care, one of the techs at EDOW gave me the &quot;wrong&quot; dilation drops.  As a result, my eyes remained dilated for *two weeks* (instead of the normal several hours).  During those two weeks, I returned to EDOW several times to get help with my ongoing dilation; but, they were unable to provide any remedy.    Being dilated for an extended time was a tremendous inconvenience, as I was somewhat “disabled” for two weeks.  At the very least, I expected an apology from the office.  But, I never heard from them.  Instead, they billed my insurance company and me for the follow-up visits, that were necessary to evaluate their mistake.  I am shocked that they had the audacity to bill my insurance company and me when they were at fault.    If you go to EDOW, check the drops before they go in your eyes.  	1	2	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	I've been seeing Dr. Tate for the last 10 years.  Since he started w/ his own practice I've been SO much happier going there. The staff is absolutely wonderful!  Every time I walk thru the door they greet me by name He has had the same staff for at least 5 years and they are so welcoming. Dr. Tate himself is VERY reasonable since I lost my insurance 2 years ago.  I can get in SAME day. They go the EXTRA mile at this office, above and BEYOND any I've been to.  They are like a family office there.  I feel lucky 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	-1	I have a kidney infection and I'm passing blood in my urine, fever, the whole nine yards. The first antibiotic didn't work even after a week, I go to see him and he prescribes me a medication, doesn't tell me what it is or what it does. After looking it up when I got home, turns out it's just urinary pain medication when I have the OTC kind in my own cabinet! Always tells me my ailments are in my head or that there's nothing wrong when I am suffering. Zips in, says a few words and zips out. The staff is nice and courteous and I never have a problem with them, but Dr. Tate, at least with me, is horrible. Even his vitals staff spends more time talking to me and helping me out than he does.  	4	3	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	Dr. Tate is WONDERFUL. He is very knowledgable, caring and personable. Something seems to be lacking in his office staff though. I agree with the comment below about always being overbooked. Office staff more worried about carrying on with each other and texting then waiting on you and answering their phone.  	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	. Excellent Dr Good family Dr Entire family receives good care 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	0	You know a doctor is not very good when you pretty much have to diagnose yourself. What doctor prescribes cough medicine and tells you to take a &quot;swig&quot; when you need it. Jason Tate that's who.  	4	3	3	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	. Explains everything in depth, not afraid to look you in the eye when talking 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
23	1	I felt I was diagnosing myself. And he agreed everytime. 		3	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	Dr. Tate is AWESOME!!! I can't imagine having any other dr. care for me. He is kind, patient, and really willing to listen and work with you. He wants to make you better and do what's right and if he is not sure of something he finds out.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
23	1	Dr. Tate takes the time to answer your questions and he does ask me questions as well. Very patience and caring doctor. Well worth it.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
23	1	Wonderful Doctor. Takes the time to talk to you and thoroughly explains everything.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	1	Dr. Taylor is excellent and I have been seeing him for years. He pulled a difficult tooth with absolutely no pain. His cleaning are thorough and he has explained to me ways to keep my teeth healthy. He also explains what he is doing while he is doing it, and does it all with a great attitude and even some funny moments. Staff there is 5 star, courteous as can be. When I arrived for my 11:00 appt at 10:55 all I did was sign in and went back. He filled my son's cativity in minutes and was very gentle.  He is my family dentist for life! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
25	-1	This doctor picks and chooses which conditions he will treat.  He is extremely condescending and arrogant.  His attitude and decision not to treat me cost me much.  Stay clear. Do not waste your time.  	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
25	-1	Dr. was extremely unsympathetic (disinterested) in my symptoms. He acted as if I had exaggerated the pain or had completely made the back injury up totally - which had become completely evident when I received a copy of my medical records and read what he had written about me. I was very offended by his dismissive attitude towards me and will not return to his office ever again....If you already see him, and feel like you should continue, do yourself a favour and get a copy of your chart and see what he has written about you.  You might be a little surprised.  SIDE NOTE: I am scheduled for spinal fusion surgery for my &quot;pretend&quot; back injury in the next month.  Thanks Dr. Tardio, for a complete lack of compassion in a time of my life when I needed it most.  	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
25	-1	Dr. Tardio is very knowledgeable in most areas. However, he was not able to diagnose me with 2 serious diseases;nor would he run the necessary medical tests.  Often impatient, short-tempered, and most definitely condescending to women! 	 7/21/09	3	5	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	Seems to be knowledgable and to the point. Not overly chatty, but willing to give answers when probed. Could be a little more inquisitive about patient history. Relies too much on voluntary info from patient. 		4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
26	-1	It is always a one hour wait to see this doctor.  His staff is rude &amp; downright surly.  He may be a good diagnostician, but going to his office is an awful experience.  I will not return.  	1	1	2	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
26	1	Always takes the time to listen to my problems.  A great diagnostician.  Bring a book and don't expect to be seen on time.  Has a wonderful N.P. Kim 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	1	Very attentive and does not seem rushed. Competent and familiar with latest medical advances and current information. Listens to patient problem and relates well to the described condition with his response and recommendation for treatment. Very pleased with medical service/treatment provided. Often wait to see doctor is long (30 min), however, once you do see him he seems to give you all the attention that you need without seeming rushed.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
26	0	 	5	1	3	2 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	. very good for asking questions about patients overall care 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
28	1	He is a pleasant man and very understanding. He treated my father who has dementia and he is improving. I highly recommend this doctor for elderly people in Baltimore area. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	-1	He can not communicate effectively. Has poor diagnostic acumen 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	The Doctors are great in this practice but the nurses really don't know what the heck they are doing.  Don't bother calling the advice nurses because they will not tell you anything anyone with common sense knows already and give you an attitude about it.  	2	2	4	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
29	-1	.  	4	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	-1	Dr. Takai was very condescending and snappy. She talked down to me when i asked her to take a blood sample for my 8 month old baby, who recently had a surgery and had a low fever for a month subsequent to that. Here is what she said at the end of the conversation: &quot;I do not care how adamant you are about asking for the blood test. I do not think your child had a fever, and i will not do the blood test.&quot; Her response does not seem reasonable, as we requested simple blood test, not an unnecessary surgery. 	2	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	Have been with Dr. Takai's practice since it opened, easily 20 years now, and am on a first name basis with some of the desk staff and nurses as a result.  I would highly recommend Dr. Takai as she has cared for and about my four children over the years, asking about one when I am there with another child because she had become so familiar with my children's issues and family dynamics.  It is my hope that my grandchildren will become her patients, too.  She diagnosed a very rare condition in one of my children when doctors at Shady Grove Hospital had failed to do so even though my daughter spent days in their care.  Wonderful, wonderful woman and doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
29	1	Great response in emergencies. Responsible and well-mannered staff. Knowledgeable doctors.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
29	0	Most of the nurses and stuff are awful- very rough and ice cold  attitude. the practice got bigger and overly crowded and caring went downhill last several years. Barely will use any time on the children, waiting time often exceeds 40 mins.  	1	2	2	3 	Insurance:MAMSI
29	1	All the doctors I've seen at this practice are just wonderful.  Love the sick and well child waiting rooms.  The on-call nurses are great with answering my first-time-mom questions without my having to take my son in.  They call me for reminders for my well-baby visits.   Wonderful practice! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:MAMSI
29	1	23 years ago I took my 6 week old daughter to Dr. Takai because she kept vomiting and losing weight. We had taken her to a few other doctors, and no one was able to diagnose her condition (which turned out to be pyloric stenosis). Dr. Takai diagnosed this condition within minutes of examining my daughter at her office.  Because of my daughter's condition becoming more and more critical by the hour, she was rushed to the hospital where she had surgery.  Today my daughter is happy and healthy, and expecting her own child in September...As far as we are concerned, Dr. Takai saved our daughter's life. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	I've been coming to this doctor for over 10 years and they are the best when it comes to children, punctuality and knowledge. I would recommend all parents.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
29	1	Physician and Staff were wonderful. Very helpful and knowledgeable.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	0	Doctor is OK, but office staff is AWFUL!!!!! 		3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
30	-1	Very condescending.  I accompanied my husband to his appointment and the doctor was not interested in my questions or what I had to say--dismissive.  When we questioned whether or not to have an MRI for my husband's migraines he said no because most insurance companies won't cover it (ours did) and  &quot;if you had a brain tumor you'd be dead by now&quot;. 	5	5	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	Dr Taksey is very patient. He takes the time to answer any questions you have and keeps you informed about what he is doing and why.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:AHC
31	1	okay i love this dr. i firmly believe he saved my life when he diagnosed me with lupus.  he gives you all the info you could ever want about ur disease and he stays w you until u understand it! i love how informative he is, the only problem would be his prices, he's very expensive and thorough but he's well worth the price, i see him every few months and have infusions done, he also never pushes any unneccessary tests on me! excellent doc! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
32	-1	I had an appointment to see Dr. Thaker on 2 MAR 09 at 3PM. I arrived at 2:45PM and the office was closed. No one called me or attempted to let me know. I took off work. This cost me 4 hours of sick leave and I never got to see the doctor. They called me the next day and asked when I wanted to reschedule. They never explained or acted like anything was wrong. This doctor does not have clue how to take care of people.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	1	I have severe gout, no doctors could get it under control and I was literally disabled from it. Dr. Thomas worked magic on me and I am so grateful. His staff is very friendly (Pammy at the counter is great!) and his assistants are very professional and courteous. He definitely surrounds himself with good people. I can not recommend him highly enough.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	1	I reluctantly went to this doctor on the advice of my wife. I found him very knowledgeable and helpful and I got a lot more help for my arthritis than I was expecting.  We are referring him to other family members and friends.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
33	1	He gave my knees injections with cortisone and SynviscOne.  They feel good for the first time in years.  I wish I found him a long time ago.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
33	1	I was very impressed and will go back to see him.  He listened to me, examined me thoroughly, and told me about the possible causes and why he was ordering the tests he ordered.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:AARP
33	1	Seems like a very smart and more importantly compassionate doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	1	Dr. Thomas is by far my favorite doctor and I can't see how anyone would think he is impersonable or uncaring as one person did on here.  He is very smart and has taken excellent care of me and my family over the years.  I do not know what I would do without him.  His staff is also fantastic and very helpful.  I don't wait nearly as long in the waiting room as at other doctor offices.  I wish all doctors were this good.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	-1	Knowledgeable but uncaring and impersonable towards his patients . Would not see him again or recommend him to anyone.  	1	4	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	1	I just had my first 2 appointments with Dr. Thomas and was more than happy with my experience.  He was actually listened to me and was very thorough in his evaluation.  I finally know what is going on after so many previous deadends.  In addition, his staff was amazing and very friendly.  I also love their new, huge, modern office.  I really felt like I received the best care possible, and I will keep going back.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	1	Dr. Thomas has taken care of my systemic lupus for 10 years.  I can not recommend him enough as he is so comprehensive, listens to me, examines me every visit, keeps my lupus under great control, and communicates with my other doctors. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	Dr. Thomas has kept my rheumatoid arthritis in remission now for many years.  I cannot recommend him highly enough 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
34	-1	Disappointing experience considering this is the senior partner at a practice specializing in pediatrics. The lack of tact when dealign with a teenage girl was embarrassing and disappointing. Its OK not to know the answer but providing guesses is not helpful. Add to that insensitive remarks about the possible treatments (or lack of) and it left everyone feeling very dissatisfied. Experience with the female partners has been much better - advice to would be patients:Not the pediatric specialist for your daughter.  	3	3	2	2 	Insurance:CIGNA
35	0	My appointment was scheduled at 10 am. I came 9:45 am (15 minutes in advance) to fill out the forms. There was one patient ahead who left when I was doing my paper work. After 10 am time I waited 25 minutes in hall while the doctor was taking to some interns. Then I was escorted to the office, where I was left alone for 10 more minutes. When I came out to see where the doctor is, he was on the phone having his funny conversation. It was 10:35 when I said I want my money back. He was certainly surprised by that. Well, you can be the best specialist ever, but no one ever know that because of your slighting attitude to the customers. It is disrespect to me as a patient and to my precious time which means money. It took more than 45 minutes to get nothing. 	5	1	1	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	He was very busy when I first came see him but he was worth the wait. He spent plenty of time with me finding out what I wanted and then offering the options . I am thrilled with my new natural look. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	I really liked Dr. Tabor.  He was direct, honest and to the point.  His staff was very nice, as they fit me in because I was in so much pain.  I did not have to wait long.  They made my visit as comfortable as possible.   I have definitely found a new podiatrist! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
37	-1	Dr. Tarmin is rude, brash, and unprofessional. She discusses other patients and uses profanity. She's always distracted, takes personal phone calls during consultations, and bends your ear with her personal escapades. She diagnosed me with colon cancer in May 2008, harassed me with phone calls everyday that I was hospitalized (and when I got home)called me into her office for follow up,asked me why I was there, and never once attempted to examine me afterward. After telling her how I felt, I fired her. I now believe that she missed the polyp, during the first colonoscopy, that turned into cancer. Thank God for my skilled surgeon. I'm now cancer free.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
37	-1	This was the worst Drs visit I have ever had.  She was disorganized and unprofessional.  I had to call her office several times to find out my results and when she finally did call me she was rude, scatter brained, unhelpful and acted completely bizarre.  She said she did not know why I was having stomach problems and that the test results were normal and that my self diagnosis was probably right.  I was disappointed in her and will never return to her office.  	1	5	1	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
37	-1	This was the worst doctor visit I've ever had.  I was referred by my physician for hemorrhoids. Dr. Tarmin's bedside manner was terrible.   When she arrived at my exam room she proceeded to YELL at the assistant for not fulling completing the forms.  Then she told me how hard it was to find good help & how crummy an assistant this worker was!  She did not explain my condition or the procedure she wanted to do - even when I asked.  When I told her I had recently had a baby, she said &quot;You're not STILL nursing, are you&#63;&#63;&quot;.  She suggested an invasive test procedure - a colonoscopy - when according to her - I probably just had hemorrhoids which could be treated with an over the counter ointment.  Why not try that first&#63;  Her exam itself was rough & uncomfortable & handled in an embarrassing manner.  The office didn't even have any tissues with which to clean up.  Eventually, I was sent to the front desk to schedule my colonoscopy, in full hearing of all the other patients.  I left.  	1	4	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	1	Everyone is Dr. Taubman's office was great.  They helped me get checked in, were terrific with service and Dr. Taubman made me feel better is just minutes.  Great experience.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	1	Dr. Tanner is a very nice, knowledgeable, and easy to work with Pediatrician.  She returns emergency after hours calls promptly.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:MAMSI
39	-1	My daughter was a patient of Dr.Tanner's for a couple of years.  I ended up leaving her practice and choosing a new pediatrician.  I was not fully informed of a diagnosis at the time of visits, and would find out at a later visit (for something unrelated)what she had previously been diagnosed with.  This on top of feeling uneasy with her in the exam rooms. Final straw was a problem with skin lesions that Dr.Tanner diagnosed as bug bites, and sent me on my way with ointment for such thing.  When they weren't clearing up, she had her staff/receptionist relay to me that she couldn't help me with this problem and I needed to see a dermatologist.  It ended up being a rare skin condition, that Tanner should have recognized, according to 3 other doctors, one of whom was a highly credited pediatric dermatologist at Johns Hopkins.  	5	5	3	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	-1	Less attentive to my (patient) problems, less attentive to the results of diagnostic tests' results such as blood, urin etc.  Unhappy with over all patient treatment. 	4	3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	Dr. Tadikonda is the best doctor I've ever had.  She honestly seems to listen and shows genuine concern for her patients.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
40	1	Lalitha is very knowledgeable and makes mature, well thought out decisions. Extremely patient responsive and very sympathetic without emtional linkage. I would recommend her to anyone...practice very well run.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
41	1	Dr. Tattebaum did a rhinoplasty and septoplasty for me about a year ago and I could not be happier with the results! The bridge of my nose had a large bump, while the tip was asymmetrical, bulbous, and masculine. My results are stunning and compliment the features of my face so beautifully! I now have a cute little slope in my nose along with a tip that is much narrower, symmetrical, and softer. The scars are practically invisible, and the results look natural. He gave me the nose I should have been born with. Dr Tattelbaum is professional, and will not give you false perceptions about what he can do with your nose, if he does not think he can achieve the goals you're looking for he will explain why, and let you decide. I highly recommend him to anyone wanting a nose job 	 9/9/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	My experience with Dr. Tattelbaum and his staff could not have been better.  He came highly recommended from several people in my area, and after visiting his office it was easy to see why. My wait time was short, and my visit was very thorough and not rushed at all. He took the time to explain each procedure I was looking into, made recommendations based on the outcome I was looking for, and was very up front about post surgery expectations and costs involved. After the decision was made not to have more children, I wanted the 'mommy makeover', which for me consisted of a breast lift/augmentation and full abdominoplasty. My surgery experience went very well, and I'm extremely pleased with the very natural looking results he was able to achieve. My outcome far exceeded my expectations. I am now able to wear bikinis again and everyone is wondering what my secret is! Great doctor and staff - I would highly recommend them to anyone!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	I could not be happier with my results. (abdominoplasty)  Great bedside manner, patiently answered all my questions, he really wanted me to understand everything. Called and checked on me repeatedly! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	I am 7 months post-op from a tummy tuck with breast augmentation. I COULD NOT BE HAPPIER!! I knew from our 1st meeting that this was the surgeon for me, as I was not impressed with the others I met with...I was right! Dr. Tattelbaum is one of a very few that does the breast augmentation through the abdominoplasty incision, so I only have one scar &amp; a perfect scar it is! The scar is so low &amp; a perfect smooth line. I can wear little bikinis (which I did this summer!) &amp; no one ever sees my scar! All of the skin has been removed along with the stretch marks from my kids &amp; I have the flattest tummy I've ever had in my life!  My boobs are INCREDIBLE, too!  They are perfectly shaped &amp; in perfect position! I never knew I could love my body so much! I told Dr. Tattelbaum once that he was the 3rd most important man in my life (my son and husband obviously take the 1st 2 spots). I'm always so happy to see Dr. T. and I feel like he is happy to see me. He also has a GREAT staff! HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	Dr. Tattelbaum is very knowledgable and a fabulous doctor.  He and his staff are professional, knowledgable, kind,  and helpful.  They were always there when I had questions and explained fully to me what to expect. I had a tummy tuck and breast lift and I am very happy with the outcome of my surgery.  Everyday I am amazed at his work.  Thank you Dr. T. you're the best.  We miss you all!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	Had nose job and what was supposed to be a neck lift 2 1/2 years ago.  Both were horrible.  All my nose needed was just a minor change to the tip.  My nose ended up pulling to the left which caused breathing problems on the right side of nose.  Not sure what he did to my neck, but it didn't look any different.  Recently had both redone by a new Dr. and absolutely love the results.  I don't feel that Dr. Tattlebaum listens to what you want and only does what he wants.  After my second surgery, my new Dr. said the inside of my nose was a mess from first surgery.  Dr. Tattlebaum may get good reviews for boob jobs and tummy tucks, but don't let him touch  your face!!!!!!! 	5	4	4	3 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	I'm 2 wks. post-op from a breast-lift and tummy tuck and am really happy so far.  He was by far the nicest and most honest with what to expect and possible things that could go wrong in consult and so far my results are great!!!  The scars are tiny, which really impresses me.  I'll update as I heal more.  Oh, also this was a personal referral from a friend who loved the tummy tuck she got 3 yrs. ago from him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	My breat aug looks great and natural....he really knows what he's doing there. The staff is wonderful too.  But unfortunately, I would have to agree with some of the others and say that I'm not satisfied with my nose.  He is a very skilled surgeon, but if you need your nose done - go to a specialist....I'm seeking the help of one for a revision now.  I'm sure some people are happy with the rhinoplasties he's performed, and maybe I'm just one of the unlucky ones.  But the nose is also a very delicate area...the smallest thing can make the biggest difference.  I highly recommend Dr. Tattelbuam for body work though....everyone thinks my breasts are real. Worth every penny.  :) 	5	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	I had liposuction and breast augmentation with this doctor.  Awesome results!  Very informative and always aimed to please me.  Excellent staff and patient coordinator.  Highly recommend. 	 4/21/08	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	I could not be more thrilled with my surgical results with Dr. Tattelbaum. His bedside manner and genuine care in not only my asthestic results, but my safety and personal happiness places him at the top of his field. I'm thrilled that my friends and family have experienced his perfectionism. This surgeon is at the very top of his field if you are looking for honest, well informed surgial care, expertise and results. 	 4/15/08	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
41	-1	I had a rhinoplasty also with this surgeon and am looking for another surgeon for revision. I look****ndous! My nose is now noticeably deformed. This surgeon could not care less about my results or my feelings.  BEWARE!!If breasts are all he's good for then he should stick to that and quit screwing people's faces up. 	5	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
41	0	I had rhinoplasty done and itlooks awful.I hate my new nose. It looked better before. I guess hes not so good at nose jobs. 		5	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	Dr Thomas is such a nice doctor and very thorough.  I feel I can talk to her about anything. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	She is fantastic. I had to change dentist because it was too far, and I never thought I would find another good dentist who was is good. But I have been pleasantly surprised. Very up to date on scientific literature.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	1	I have gone to Dr. Shapiro for 30 years and continued with Dr. Tekle when he retired.  I have been very pleased with my care and her caring for me.  She is very far from my home, but worth the trip. 	3	5	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
43	-1	No compassion! My son lay awake all night in pain and not only could she not perform the rootcanal to alleviate his pain but would prescribe only ibuprofen ...needless to say he lay awake all the second night in pain.  Do not waste your money with this dentist! 	3	3	2	2 	Insurance:Delta Dental
44	1	Great doctor. He explained everything to me about the procedure i had. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	Very talented and great results. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
44	-1	Performed liposuction on me, left severe scarring and damage to my body. There are divets and indentations all over my inner and outer thighs. My flanks have a 3 inch indent where this doctor took to much out in one area. This is noticeable through my clothes. I asked him to refund the money I paid and fix my body back to the way it was when I walked into his office. He will no longer talk to me as he said he was under another physician and that he is responsible for his patients. 		3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
45	-1	My father died under Dr. Thant's care. My dad began to lose weight because his stomach hurt. Dr. Thant acting as his primary physician ordered a feeding tube. This was inserted incorrectly by Dr. Lin and my dad died from complications of a feeding tube insertion. Turns out all my dad had was acid reflux, which any normal doctor could have treated with medicine. Dr. Thant then claimed he was not the primary phsician, but did not bring in one either. Just ordered a feding tube. He was probably OK with respect to the cancer treatment. What killled my dad was Dr. Thant making recommendations he should not have been making, and failing to bring in a doctor versed in stomach conditions.  		5	2	1 	Insurance:Tricare
46	-1	My sons life has been runied because of this &quot;doctor&quot;.  He became addicted to oxy and then to herion.  Sure hope the State of Maryland and State Attorney sends this person to jail where they belong. 	1	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
46	-1	Any doctor that pushes Oxy on hundreds of patients to make a fast buck should be in jail. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	he is a good doctor i think most people are just mad because they couldnt get in to see him. he isnt a bad doctor he just came acrossed some bad people.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
46	-1	This doctor recently had his license suspended by prescribing an overabundance amounts of Oxycontin to young people in their 20's. He is not a pediatrician but a legalized drug dealer.http://www.mbp.state.md.us/BPQAPP/orders/D1132408.12... 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
47	1	I was a patient of Dr Templeton for about 2 years.  I always left his office feeling like he wasnt really listening to what I was saying or that he really didnt care that much.  Appointments were very short talk for 5 mins prescribe meds.  	4	5	3	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
47	-1	Was not very sympathetic to my anxiety problem, I suffered for years as I was not able to tolerate any antidepressants he put me on and he actually got mad and practically yelled at me that I should be able to take something. Didn't offer much of anything else to try either. I have since found a great doc and feel much better. If your patient says they are shaking in your shoes maybe you should believe them, and a lot of people are very sensative to those meds. I left his office crying after that incident and never returned.  		3	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
47	1	Very Good Doctor 	 12/9/05		5	5	Insurance:Unknown
47	1	Very nice doctor. Knows how to take care of my mother's metal illness. up-to-date with new technology. Cautious for the side effect. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	Receptionist was too casual and joked that I might need surgery, which I did not want to hear. (I did not need surgery). Doc knew his stuff.  	2	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	-1	I was given a scheduled appointment for 3:45 pm to see Dr. Jima Telele on Thursday, May 1, 2008.  An hour later I was called by the nurse to the back to get my vitals taken. My blood pressure was low and I had a fever. After waiting for a total of 2 hours I asked the receptionist when was I next to see Dr. Telele. When the receptionist and nurse asked Dr. Telele if he had seen me his reply was no and where were my charts. The nurse informed him what my visit was for and that my vitals were already taken and that I needed to be seen.  His reply was that he could not see me and he had to go and he proceeded and walked out. The nurse informed Dr. Banta who was the remaining doctor in the office of the situation. Dr. Banta questioned the nurse why Dr. Telele had not seen me and then began to page Dr. Telele. The nurse informed me that Dr. Banta would now be the doctor who would see me.  	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	1	I have been with Dr Tabatabai for past three years. He spends inordinate amount of time understanding my chart and then talking to me. He also remembers important issues from past and compiles any specialst forwarded info in to his chart. I was very impressed when he pointed out a cardiologist recommendation to me on today's visit and reminded me to avoind a potentially harmful medicine.  He is a keeper! 	5	5	4	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
50	1	My family and I have been seeing Dr. Tabatabai for about a year now.  He seems warm, competent and thorough.  He follows up promptly when test results come in or other issues surface.  He has provided excellent referrals to other local specialists.  My only annoyance is that, while he is part of a group practice, they do not maintain any weekend hours (or after-hours coverage).  Maybe only pediatric groups do that -- oh, well.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
51	1	Very helpful and knowledgeable. The clinic is equipped with all the modern tools and is clean. Would recommend.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
51	-1	This dentist does not know how to treat patients and is very money minded. I would not recommend this doctor at all. People going there will suffer a lot and they have no knowledge of what they are.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
52	1	I've been seeing Dr. Tesfaye for over 5 years and find her the best.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
53	-1	I was at the National Institute for Health for about week to do testing for Neurosurgery for epilepsy. There is a lack of communication between Dr. Theodore and his colleagues and the patient. 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	Always helpful...takes the time to listen.. very caring and understanding 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	1	Dr. Taylor is by far the best general doctor I have been with. She always takes the time to do all the routine check ups, as well as answers all questions, and asks about previous problems/illnesses you have had. She is very personable and genuine. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	Dr. Taylor is the Z best Dr in the world. She is very decisive with your care and follow-up. Dr. Taylor takes the time to listen to your concerns, even though they may sound more physcological than medical. If you need a Primary Care Dr, she is the one you should choose. Dr. Taylor please don't ever retire because I can't conceive of anyone else taking care of me.  Thanks for everything :) 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	1	I LOVE Dr. Taylor. I have had bad luck when it comes to primary care doctors, but I lucked up with Dr. Taylor. She is a gem. I had my boyfriend, mom and dad switch to her care. She is the most knowledgable doctor I have found. She is caring and sensative and takes her time with you. She always answers all questions and will call you back if you need to talk to her in a timely manner. She is the best 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	Dr. Taylor is very a very caring, concerned doctor. She takes the time to follow up with you and she will call you back in a timely manner after hours. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	This is the best Doctor I have ever had in all my 30 years on this earth. Very caring and always concerned with how you are doing. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	During my visit I felt that I was treated well.I would probably not recommend this doctor to my family and friends.  I felt this visit was some help.Overall I would rate this visit : mediocre. 		4	4	3 	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	Dr. Thabet and his team are truly noteworthy.  I always felt so welcome coming into the office.  Dr. Thabet did an amazing job with using INvisalign to give me a perfect smile.  I would highly recommend Dr. Thabet.  He's the best in the area. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	Extremely helpful staff. Doctor is always on time and has never kept my son or myself  waiting. My son was the first to have braces and he recently completed his treatment. His teeth look great. I really like that Dr. Thabet tries to assure that his treatment is successful now and in the future. His retainers are comfortable and easy to clean and use.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
57	1	Great doctor, listens and doesn't rush you.  first doctor that actually helped and kept up with my High blood pressure.  Great doctor that I would recommend to anyone because he is that good.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
57	0	Very difficult to get a message to the doctor; called on a Friday afternoon did not get a return call until Tuesday morning.  	2	1	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
57	1	. Extremely knowledgable and current, Professional doctor, Excellent listener, Reliable referrals to specialists, wait time vary, but usually under 15 minutes, friendly staff 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
57	1	I had no problem getting my persciptions called in, very nice.  	3	2	3	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
57	0	will not accept personal checks will not call in prescriptions many long waits 	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	Worth waiting for, even if he's not always on time. Takes the time to actually listen to the patient and thoughtfully reviews and explains the information. Willing to work WITH the patient instead of giving orders. Treats you like a human being, and will take all the time necessary for your appointment - even if it is an extra hour (probably why he runs late). If you're waiting for a return phone call, however, you could wait for weeks. 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	Always answers your questions and truly listens to his patients. Doesn't rush you and shows he cares about his patients. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
59	1	Office never answers the phone. 	1	3	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
60	-1	Terrible bedside manner! He was my pediatrician when I was young and I still remember him being horrible! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	Super caring physician.  Very smart.  Very up to date.  Definately recommend.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
62	1	Knowledgeable &amp; Great Bedside manner. Lived up to UMD reputation and more! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	I have just returned from my annual check-up at Dr. Ellen Taylor's office.  Dr. Taylor has always been pleasant, knowledgeable and concerned about my issues.  I have been a patient for many years and have always been pleased with my care.  The staff at the office has always been kind and helpful.  I would recommend Dr. Taylor to anyone who wants a thorough, pleasant and quality doctor.  eileen lipsky 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	Dr. Taylor is kind, professional and engaged in my specific issues.  I feel confident in her assessments.  This doctor-patient relationship has been more stable than other doctors who stop accepting my insurance, or who go on leave, or whose staff are not friendly to patients or who are not knowledgeable about insurance billing. 	 12/4/11	5	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Taylor for over ten years. She has always made herself available, whether she is in the office or out of the office. Her staff has always been pleasant and very helpful. I referred my sister to Dr. Taylor and she now a patient of her's as well. She comes highly recommended.  	 11/1/11	4	4	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
63	1	I was having problems and I can't believe that I was able to get an appointment the day I called.  That doesn't even happen with my GP that I've been seeing for years.  Dr. Taylor actually sat down and we talked about what was going on and the possible reasons.  It was great to have a doctor actually listen.  I didn't have to wait very long in the waiting room, but after talking to her and having my exam, I wouldn't mind waiting knowing that she was giving attention to patients that needed it like she did with me.  	 5/13/11	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
63	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Taylor for over 20 years and I would highly recommend her.  She helped me through years of medical problems and she is the reason I have my son.  She was willing to explore every possibility and procedures so I would be able to have a child.  I am grateful to her every day of my life.  Her office staff is excellent and always very professional and helpful.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
63	-1	The receptionist did not pay any attention what you are asking to do. You can wait a doctor not even 15 minutes, almost hour and then have a couple minutes her poor attention. Especially, if you are there at the first time (or appointment). Also be careful and ask the receptionist what type (CODE) of the appointment she will send to your health insurance company. They are trying to earn money from you as much as possible. Otherwise you may have a lot of trouble from this office. That is my experience with Dr. Ellen Taylor and her office.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
63	-1	What a horrible doctor. Rude, mean, and dismissive. I had to miss an appointment because of being stuck in a blizzard and she called me back to tell me that she was &quot;pissed off&quot; because she had to come in to the office. (Why she didn't get her message the day before, I don't know). I do not recommend anyone seeing this woman. You will leave feeling insulted, humiliated, and abused.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
63	-1	Really rough for a female physician.No concern for my issues. Rushed through the entire exam including our time to discuss my situation. I felt like nothing was accomplished. She performed a procedure on me that wasn't effective. Had no feed back as to what my next move should be.  	3	1	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
63	0	I had the same experience with Dr. Taylor, she was rough and dismissive, and SCARY!  I felt like a human punching-bag when she did the exam.  I waited over one hour, and showed up early.  I was a new patient, and look forward to driving 50 miles to see my old doctor.  	3	1	2	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
63	0	She is knowledgeable, but has a very brusque, uninformative and unhelpful demeanor. Works at breakneck speed, and performs the fastest, roughest pelvic exams I've ever had! Very dismissive of concerns and worries, it's almost impossible to discuss your condition with her, and gets irritated when you try to force her to discuss your condition.  I can't believe I remained her patient for 8 years! 	3	4	1	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
64	1	My dentist referred me to Dr. Taylor for a very complicated root-canal. He was amazing! I have had horrible experience in the past w/dentists and was VERY leary about going to him. Ive now had my 2nd root-canal recently and I will NEVER go to anyone other than Dr.  Taylor for major work!!! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
65	1	Very helpful and has very good bedside manner 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	Excellent family doctor. His staff are always friendly and Dr. Tellerman is a really nice guy, always ready to answer questions. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	Dr. Tellerman is dedicated...couldn't ask for better treatment. Always helpful. Considering how busy he is, it's amazing how much attention he has paid to my daughter over the years.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
66	1	Dr. Tellerman is one of the best!!! Kind and patient and never minds answering a thousand questions. His staff is just as wonderful, his nurse is a real doll. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	Dr. Tellerman is experienced and knowledgeable. When my baby was feeling not so great Dr. Tellerman called me the next day to follow up. He's open to what parents would like for their child and calmly explains options. Dr. Tellerman is good at returning phone calls. His nurse is a riot and is always friendly with patients.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	-1	Horrible bedside manner.  Not dependable to diagnose what condition you have -- had to go to another doctor to find out what was wrong.  Very frustrating experience. 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	Dr. Tan has been a blessing to our family. When my daughter was one year old, Dr. Tan listened to my concerns regarding my daughter's development and referred us to a specialist at Children's Hospital. This is after battling with another primary care physician for six months regarding my concerns. After an MRI and various tests, my daughter was diagnosed with Left Hemiplegia Cerebral Palsy. We were able to start early intervention services immediately and now she is graduating from High School with a 3.4 GPA, sings in the choir, and enjoys dancing. Dr. Tan has always been responsive, gentle and helpful. My daughter could not have received the specialized services without his willingness to refer us to the best experts and caregivers. He is a lost breed among caring pediatricians. We love Dr. Tan.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	1	Excellent pediatrician.  I highly recommend him.  We switched doctors when we moved to Virginia and then switched back to him after seeing what else is out there.  Dr. Tan is extremely humble, patient, gentle, knowledgable, and readily available.  I have called his cell phone late at night and had him call me back and answer my questions.  He has always properly diagnosed my daughter's illnesses and prescribed the proper medical solutions.  I fully trust his diagnosis.  Even though it is far to drive, it is worth the trip for us to get good medical care from him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	1	Waited for an appointment for 2 months. Ended up seeing someone else sooner who misdiagnosed me and gave me the wrong medications. She was not only superbly nice but also knowledgable; explained my condition and treatment options throughly. Two days later felt like a brand new human being.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	1	She is a nice person, a little artificial in her presentation but she helped me with my skin issues. She does promote certain products which somewhat lessens her credibility.  	1	4	5	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	1	exceptional staff and exceptional doctor! Best pick I have done through my insurance directory.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	0	Former Patient Lost Patience:  After having an appointment made for months for an annual skin check-up, I received a reminder call for an appointment time 2 hours after mine was originally made. It seems that happened a lot to others that day since after waiting ONE HOUR for my 11:45am appointment, I finally asked how much longer it would be. When told over 20 more minutes to make almost a 1.5 hour wait total I told them I would be seeking services elsewhere and not return to Dr. Tamjidi unfortunately.  	3	1	2	4 	Insurance:Aetna
69	1	Dr. Pantia Tamjidi is superb but she doesn't know whats actually going on in her office. Everybody on the staff is tooooo rude, not at all helpful, and according to me nobody likes to work. We called them many times to just fax the single prescription and it took us (believe it or not) 2 DAYS just for 1 single fax...and that too completely wrong. The qty for the medication was wrong and the number of medication was wrong too. Paethetic..so disappointed with the staff. Dr.  Tamjidi, you can do much much better 	1	3	4	5 	Insurance:Aetna
69	1	I've gone through a few dermatologists before finding her. Very patient and thorough. Does not rush you and listened to all of my concerns. Very knowledgeable and staff very friendly and helpful.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	-1	Both my friend and I went to see her with very different skin problems. She prescribed the same cream for both of us, because I think she is promoting certain skin care lines in her office. Don't waste your time and money if you have real skin issues. She seems more like a cosmetician than a medical doctor. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	AWESOME doc. Staff is great, her bedside manner is wonderful, she is warm, caring and best of all she knows her stuff. Have already recommended to family and friends. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	I have been seeing Dr. Tamjidi for 3 years. She's seen me though many acne treatments and worked with me until we got it just right. She's an extremely warm and caring doctor. I've recommended her to several friends and relatives who all love her as well.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	1	Dr. Tamjidi has been our family's dermatologist for the past 2 years.  I drive all the way from Frederick - over 50 miles because of her warm personality and the excellent care she provides us.  Currently my son is going to her for Accutane treatment and has to go for monthly visits.  We have never had to wait more then a few minutes each visit...we have found the staff to be friendly and helpful...the office is well organized... and to top it all off, a doctor who is a true asset to the medical profession.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	1	 	4	2	5	3 	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	Absolutely the best dentist I've ever been to. She is very compassionate about what she does and will take the time to discuss any issues and things that she thinks may be necessary for treatment. I have been taking my family to her for about 15 years and HIGHLY recommend her to all of my friends and family. You will do yourself a great service to have your next appointment with her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
71	1	Dr. Taskin is a fantastic doctor who takes his time to explain the problem, listens to you and doesn't rush you out the door.  He will even call you at home with results on any tests he runs.  Now that is an excellent doctor in my book. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
71	1	very friendly,takes his time to explain everything to you then gives you time to ask questions. very nice 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
72	1	We love Dr. Thomas! Would wait months to see her if we needed too. I won't take my boys to anyone else.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
72	-1	Dr Thomas King is by teh book pediatrician with limited knowledge. She rarely explains her decision-making and didn't correctly adjust for my preemies age.  	3	5	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
72	1	Awesome Pediatrician!  Very capable and caring individual with a great staff.  *Brittney is competent, polite and always professional.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
72	1	Dr. Thomas-King has seen my infant son since birth. I absolutely love Dr. Thomas-King - she is both knowledgeable and extremely helpful and outgoing when it comes to keeping me informed about my son's health.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
73	-1	One of the worst doctors I have consulted in decades.  Arrogant, rude, narrow-minded. He also charged more than Medicare allows and passed their refusal of his extra charges onto me.  	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
73	1	very capable and recommended by my doctor and several other specialists, the only doctor willing to see me with medicare 	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	I haved 'dealt' with Dr. Teplitz for the past feww years for my Mother.  I found him kind, professional and caring.He always takes time with me to discuss my Mother problems.  I rate him a 10 out of 10.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
73	0	It's unfortunate from either being overwhelmed or numbed over the years to find such an uncaring and unresponsive doctor.  Does not return calls promptly (if at all), spend minutes with patients vs. billed hour(s) and has very poor bedside manner. 	2	4	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
74	1	Dr. Tagel is excellent.  I've never waited more than 5 minutes to be called into my appointment and never more than 10 minutes in the examining room.  He is quick and to the point. In my experience, has offered excellent medical advice and has prescribed minimal but effective medication for issues I've come to him with.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
74	0	Dr. Tagel is a young, highly knowledgeable doctor.  If you are young, in good shape, with few problems he is a physician for you.  Unfortunately for those of us with problems, what he calls &quot;issues&quot;, he is not empathetic nor does he take the time to look at the whole picture.  This young man needs time to grow into his profession.  	1	2	1	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
75	-1	I visited Dr. Tarragin for head issues and he rarely asked me any questions on my symptoms. I was shocked at the little questions he asked. I had to insist on a CT or MRI. 	3	3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
75	1	I agree with the individual who posted that they had to &quot;defend&quot; statements they made about their symptoms and medical situation.  I also agree with another poster who stated that he seemd rushed.  I think he is a knowledgeable doctor but his bedside manner is abrupt and somewhat judgmental. I'm not thrilled with the care he has given me but don't know whether I could get any better from most neurologists as so many of them are more cerebral and less personable than I'd like.  	3	3	3	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
75	-1	Dr was more concerned with chasing a divergence than dealing with symptoms.  Wanted even more expensive tests to be done, even though many similar tests were done by my referring physician.  Thus, no relief in sight.  	2	3	1	3 	Insurance:CIGNA
75	1	Dr. Taragin is very knowledgable and a good physician. However, he always seems very rushed. It is somewhat difficult to visit with him about a problem; it seems like you need to &quot;defend&quot; your symptoms and that he is not listening.  	4	4	3	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
75	-1	This was one of the worst appointments I've been to. He performed his &quot;test&quot; which was poking me and pushing down on my limbs that I already claimed hurt. When I cried out in pain during the test, he told me to &quot;stop that&quot;. And after all of that told me that nothing was wrong but wanted to prescribe me anti-depressant medication. He seemed more eager to push a pill at me than to listen to my symtoms or concerns. Told me to get a lumbar puncture even though he doubted anything would come back anyway. Then why do that&#63;&#63;&#63; He was egotistical and his bedside manner was non-existent. His staff was courteous enough, but not the friendliest bunch I've seen.  		3	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
75	-1	I will never return to see this doctor as long as I live. He belittled me and made me feel like he thought I was some kind of hypochondriac! I went to see him at the advice of another doctor b/c I was having terrbile headaches, and not only was he unable to treat me effectively, but he caused my short-term disability to terminate my claim which caused me to lose my job. Furthermore, he was totally unfamiliar with the side-effects of the meds he prescribed me, and I was forced to take MYSELF off of a medication because it was causing such a reaction in my body. His office staff are TERRIBLE. They have no clue what &quot;HIPAA&quot; means, and they actually verbally chastised me on the phone b/c I asked them to re-fax something that they never faxed to begin with! This was something going to my disability company!! On top of that, he is an egomaniac. The only kind thing he ever did was refer me to see someone ELSE who wad a million times better, and properly diagnosed me w/cluster-like migraines.  		3	2	2 	Insurance:CIGNA
76	1	Dr Swarna Tammana is BEST among the rest of the doctors you can find in Silver Spring, MD area.      She is very professional and at the same time very easy to go about. She listens very well and understand your problem.  Very helpfull and for her - patient's intrest comes first.  She does followup on a timely base and make sure you have enough medications.      she is well educated and smart.  I was her patient for the past 3 years and almost cried when she moved on from her medial practice at Montgomery Family Medicine to other office.  I am determined to find her and will be her patient forever. I have no choice as she is the BEST.  I wish all other doctors atleast try to be like her!! 	4	1	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
76	1	With the Carefirst Ins. you don't get much to choose from in their list os physicians, but they struck gold with Dr. T. Dr. Tamanna is sincere, while providing excellent care, (for my entire family). I greatly appreciate how she handled a very difficult situaiton involving my husbands health. She is knowledgible and thorough. Her follow-up is consistant and genuine. Even her spiritual support is beyond explanation. I highly recommend Dr. T. for partnership in healthcare. 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
76	1	She is very sincere and helpful and listens well. I really appreciate how she has always followed up with a phone call to verify the treatment had worked. She was able to prescribe the correct medicine and clear up a problem I had been struggling with for months. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
76	1	One of the best in patient interest and manner. Easy to talk to and very helpful when others aren't. Smart and easy to trust. All physicians should be like Dr Tammana.  		4	5	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
77	1	The doctor and office staff were excellent. I highly recommend Dr. Tepper.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
77	1	Great doctor.   He took the time to diagnose my problem, gave me treatment options, and I am fixed! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
77	-1	I took the MRI pictures to this doctor. He had 3 x-rays done on me and suggested I have surgery for a torn rotator cup. I took the MRI pics and got a 2nd opinion. I got a shot in the arm and physical therapy and feel great. Dr. Levine said I may not even need surgery after the physical therapy. My shoulder feels 100% better already.  	5	5	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	1	 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
79	0	When i first went and saw Dr.Tarzy he was very helpful &amp; informative, he provided me with inserts for my feet. About 3 days after having the inserts they were not helping my feet only making the pain worse so i called the office to see if i could return them because they arent cheap-his partner answered the phone and was extremely rude and not wanting to hear what i had to say. I will NEVER return back to this office no one deserves to be spoken to that way when all i was doing was calling with a question.  	1	2	2	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
79	1	His staff was very friendly and the office was clean and nice to be in. Waiting rooms had TV and very spacious. The doctor was very friendly and answered all of my questions. Spent a lot of time with me.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
80	1	Dr Tabb is a wonderful dentist.  I've gone to her for over 20 years.  My beautiful smile speaks for itself. My last filling was done without novacaine and she was very gentle. Her hygienists and staff always remember me and make me feel good.  I highly recommend her and trust her to always do a great job.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
80	-1	Dr. Tabb is a terrible dentist. She pushes unnecessary work on you (teeth whitening and deep cleanings).  She drilled down a front lower tooth (without telling me) to accomodate a poorly fitting new crown she had done.  So I now live with this because she didn't know how to do a front crown.  I get angry about this and her office every time I see her handy work.  They won't accept payment plans...all she wants is MONEY MONEY MONEY...and don't fall for the deep cleanings.  Better yet, go to someone else.  I wish I had. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
80	-1	Dr. Tabb is a horrible dentist, i went to her 3 years for a substantial amount of work which in the last years has all had to be redone. Including having major oral surgery to fix a tooth that she split into 4 pieces and then covered up with a crown. DO NOT GO TO HER FOR ANY DENTAL WORK. HER AND HER ENTIRE STAFF ARE INCOMPETENT. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
80	-1	This doctor has overcharged me due to her billing office errors.  She has ignored all of my attempts to get reimbursed for the mistake.  Right now, I have paid $2,000 for dental work that I did not receive and it has been 5 months since I sent proof of the mistake and I have not received a letter or phone calling acknowledging the mistake.  	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:CIGNA
81	1	Dr. Tassy is an amazing doctor. He and his entire staff are helpful and they make me feel welcome and comfortable during a painful time. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	excellent service All aspects of treatment was to my best interest.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
82	1	Wonderful and compassionate for pain physician.  He treated my severe low back pain very agressively and was a huge part of my healing process.   Feel great now 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
82	-1	Dr. William Tham is dangerously incompetent. After several years under his care, a routine urinalysis (none of which had ever been positive before) revealed a positive result for METHADONE! When I informed him that I had never taken methadone, he chuckled while replying, &quot;Mr. ___, this is an immunoassay test; there are no false positives.&quot; Since I knew there had been at least one (mine!), I insisted on having my sample re-tested. Of course it came out negative. In the meantime, from the testing company's own website, I learned that diphenhydramine (Benadryl) commonly (8%, or 1 in 12.5) causes false positives for methadone. He apologized (which temporarily kept me from suing) profusely, but abruptly dismissed me the following month, leaving me in withdrawal from the considerable medicines he had prescribed.  Do not risk seeing this doctor! 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
83	1	wait time is not so good, but is knowledgeable.  	4	3	3	5 	Insurance:Aetna
84	1	Dr. Tajick has installed three caps for me over the last few years and they have performed wonderfully for me. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	Had my eyelids done and botox.  He was very nice and did a good job 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
85	1	Fantastic doctor!! Took great care of my daughter in explaining her injury.  The BEST! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
86	0	NOT FRIENDLY AT ALL.NOT COMPASSIONATE EITHER. I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND HER TO ANYONE 	5	1	1	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
86	-1	.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
87	1	Hi is nice, but, I wish he listen more. Compare on other Phychiatrists ratings, he is not as bad. He will poscribe madicine, but not so fast as others.  	5	4	3	4 	Insurance:CIGNA
88	1	. A very concern Doctor, well mannered and concentrates on individual 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
88	1	Physicisan very knowledgeable, caring, thorough. Recommend physician very highly. Non-physician staff competent but shuttled through as product not person. Business office rather than service atmosphere.  	2	1	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
89	1	Dr Terry is a wonderfully kind and gentle doctor. Extremely knowledgeable - and not just about pulmonary medicine - he takes his time going over a patient's history and concerns and answers questions very thoroughly. I'd recommend him to anyone! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
90	-1	Dr. Bahman Teimourian did my eyes.  The eyes were ok, but he left some fat below 1 eye andf left me with unnecessary scarring from the surgery.  I have since had the scar revision surgery done to fix it.  Also,  HIS SISTER (office manager) is totally rude. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
90	1	If you are a black american do NOT go to him. Although he is patient and kind and only offers $5000 for rhinoplasty, he will jack your nose up! Its uneven and unsightly. I asked for a bridge and he  refused. He was a really nice doctor but he's not very good with noses. I shouldve gone to someone that have experience with afro-american noses. He was used to doing middle eastern noses. 	5	5	4	3 	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	The best doctor I have had by far. I have found a Doctor that really cares and takes pride in getting you better. Insurance cost over your health is not her modus of operanda. I highly recommend Dr. T.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
91	-1	Would not recommend this doctor for the care of elderly individuals. She has a very hands off manner and relies on her staff to make all communication despite repeated requests to speak directly with her. I recommend finding a geriatric doctor that's more familiar with the unique medical needs and support of the elderly.  	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
91	1	 	5	2	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	Dr Tan is wonderful.  My Son-In-Law needed extensive dental work and surgery after suffering a broken jaw in an assault.  Dr. Tan was amazing at the hospital and in after-hospital treatment.  I would have no trouble recommending him to anyone and I would have no fears going to him if I needed the kind of dental work Dr. Tan does.  Dr. Tan is very dignified an polite and was very respectful to my S-I-L and me. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
93	1	Was absolutely fabulous with our son who is having alot of problems. We only left him because we went to Kaiser and they would not fill his prescriptions. We hope to return to him again. A very knowledgeable doctor. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
93	1	Does not accept Medicare and will not fill out or file the forms that are required.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
93	1	Dr. Tannenbaum is a great doctor. He is patient and open minded.  He is very professional yet compassionate.  We have had him as a family therapist for many years.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
93	1	Excellent Dr witih a good intuition about patients and their needs. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
93	1	Dr. Tanenbaum is a very kind supportive doctor who cares about his patients and makes every effort to find solutions to their problems. He enjoys working with children and their parents. Dr. Tanenbaum is very upbeat, open-minded and compassionate. His psychotherapy sessions help relieve anxieties and stress. He has been our family doctor and friend for the past four years. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
94	-1	not the best choice.   Uncommitted to patients 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
95	1	Best patient relationship I have ever had.  Very personal and very direct 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
95	1	I waited over 20 minutes in the exam room for Dr. Tatar to come in.  However, I'm honestly willing to give him a complete pass here, because he then spent the next 20-25 minutes thoroughly examining me regarding my concern.  Incredibly friendly, personable, and knowledgable, the wait was absolutely worth it if he spends this much time with each patient.   Highly recommended! 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
95	1	.  	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
95	1	Had sinus surgery in 1992 from this doc, and still doing very well 16 years later! 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
95	1	I was VERY excited to see Dr. Tatar because of the comments posted here but I was definitely disappointed.  My appointment was at 3:45 but since I was already in the area, I showed up at 3 and was told I was second in line.  Great, right&#63;  Well, at 4:15, I asked when I was going to be seen and was told I was second in line.  Uh, hello&#63;  I was second in line over an hour ago!!  Of course he had time to see the pharm. rep before either of us.  I finally saw Dr. Tatar at 4:55 and was in my car by 5:06.  He did apologize.  I don't think he was a BAD doctor but definitely not as thorough as I was hoping for and I don't have 2 hours to waste sitting in a lobby with crying children.  	 12/1/08	2	1	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
95	1	Fabulous physician who is extremely patient and attentive to patient needs!  Dr. Tatar performed surgery this morning on our 19-month old daughter, and he really put us at ease and we were very confident that he'd do a great job!  The surgery was successful.  We'd recommend him without hesitation to any of our friends for ENT needs.  The wait times could be a little long at times at his office, but we never feel rushed whenever we meet with him for our appointments.  I wish that all doctors approached medicine with this kind of enthusiasm and passion.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
95	1	Fantastic Doctor! admin staff sucks but that seems to be common with all my doctors.   Overall He is the best doc i have run accross! 	2	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
95	1	Dr. Tatar is a wonderful doctor!! He is so caring and patient. He has a great sense of humor and is very knowledgeable. I felt so comfortable talking to him. I wish all doctors were like Dr. Tatar!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
95	1	Love, Love , Love him.  He has done surgery on me, my mom and both of my kids and we have highly recommended him to others we know without any reservations.  Both of my kids were nervous at the beginning but he aleviated their fears, took time discussing what would happen and what to expect and all of the surgeries were perfect.  We all wish our primary doctors were as thorough, engaging and informative. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
95	1	A terrific surgeon and all-around nice guy. Personable and funny, which puts you at ease while he digs around in your nose (which isn't pleasant). 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
95	1	He is a very knowledgable, confident, and gentle surgeon. He made a quick and accurate diagnosis of my symptoms. 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
95	1	BY FAR THE MOST UNDERSTANDING, KIND, HANDSOME AND EXCELLENT SURGEON I HAVE SEEN. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
95	1	Very personable, attentive to patient needs and concerns. Excellent surgeon.  		2	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
96	1	I appreciate the fact that he takes the time to listen.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
97	1	Dr. Tankeh is knowledgeable, professional, and cares deeply about her patients.  Additionally, she is smoking hot.  I can't believe she has 30 years experience.  She doesn't look a day over 40.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
98	1	Excellent Doctor, Staff and Office.  I need alot of dental work and the experience could not have been better.  Everyone was so friendly and welcoming, the office is beautiful and my teeth are perfect. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
99	1	Dr. Taheri, is the best doctor I have ever had. He lets you know everything that is going happen from A to Z.  He will call you himself with results.  He checks on you to make sure all is going well.  We need more doctor like Taheri. Thank you so very much.  I highly recommend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
99	1	This doctor saved my life.  I was 58 years old when I had a terrible pain in my abdomen accompanied by vomiting.   I tried to wait it out but finally couldn't stand it and asked my husband to take me to the emergency room.   We wanted to go to Inova Fairfax but I was in too bad a shape.  I had a volvulus (twisted colon) caused by a genetic birth defect.   It was going gangrenous.   Thanks to Dr. Taheri being called in at midnight I am still alive.   I recovered quickly as I am a personal trainer and in excellent health - but this kind of freakish thing kills normally healthy people.   He visited me in intensive care every day.  I not only survived but feel better than I have in 20 years - more energy.  I teach spinning, group exercise and work out harder than most men half my age.   Before each class (especially if there are young military) I apologize for being an &quot;old lady&quot; and then give them the hardest workout of their lives.  Thank you doctor Taheri.   I will never forget you.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
