dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
6	1	 I'm so sorry that I had to move out of state and leave Dr Wahid. She's really friendly, a good listener, and smart! I used to get bronchitis multiple times a year, and all the doctors I saw just gave me antibiotics and sent me away.  Dr Wahid listened to my history, figured out I had undiagnosed asthma, and gave me asthma meds- no more bronchitis! 	5	3	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	-1	commentsshe really seems to think that every patient is a looking to get narcotics. Also there is way too much of pushing patients off to other drs when those drs aren't booking for weeks in advance. 	4	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	commentsI thought Dr. Wages was wonderful. I reccomend to anybody. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
14	-1	commentsHe didnt have any before and after pictures but promised to email me some. I called and emailed the office three times over three months. I received one email back from the business manager saying he would have the Dr. email me asap. Still nothing.. I even tried emailing one more time without a response.  Pretty upsetting experience and a complete waste of $150. consultation fee!! 	1	4	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	 Dr. Wages was wonderful, he has done 2 prcedures on me and I am very happy.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	 Amazing doctor! Very warm and caring. Listens to all your concerns. Extremely intelligent, responds to calls in a a timely manner. Best pediatric PCP by far.  	3	4	5	5	Insurance:Tufts
17	1	commentsUnbelievable doctor from a very picky mom of three.  Her bedside manner is better than any doctor I have come across.  Her knowledge and experience surpasses the rest. 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	.  Dr Walcott is a very caring doctor and listens to all mom concerns about the kids 	4	3	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
17	1	 Wonderful doctor. Always willing to listen and work WITH you.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
19	-1	 Rough, painful pelvic exam & pap smear that actually drew blood. A week later I got a letter saying she hadn't collected enough cells for the smear test and I needed to come back in.  Also refused to re-fill my contraception prescription, but the office did not contact me to let me know that she had refused or why.   She filled it when I called and asked again, but it was very inconvenient when starting the new month's prescription on time is essential! 	3	5	1	1	Insurance:Tufts
19	0	 I was not impressed. She took me an hour late-- though she did apologize and say that such a long delay wasn't common. Not only was her knowledge of the particular problem poor, at best, she didn't think it was necessary to do any tests, pursue the problem further, or refer me to a specialist. The whole exam lasted about ten minutes. She said everything was fine. But after I left the problem got increasingly worse, and I eventually had to go to see two specialists. A friend with no knowledge of medicine but common sense could have given me a better checkup and referral-- and I wouldn't have had to pay him for it.  	3	3	3	2	Insurance:Harvard-PilgimPaid/Co-pay:$15
21	1	commentsGreat doctor, very professional, super personality...really cares about his patients! Highly recommend him 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	commentsExcellent doctor, very knowledgeable, respectful and kind.  His staff is friendly and helpful.  Office is comfortable.  I have recommended him to many of my friends.  He definitely cares about his patients. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	 Dr Waddell is a wonderful Obgyn. Very friendly and polite. His staff is also amazing and very helpful.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	 I've been a patient with Dr.Waddell since he bought the practice. I'm very satisfied with his care.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
21	1	comments 	4	4	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	commentsHonest doctor, tries to help, listens to the patient. 	3	4	5	4	Insurance:Unknown
57	-1	comments 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	comments 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	comments 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	 Takes the time to discuss and talk about medical issues.  Very kind and knowledgable.  Has a very holistic approach to medicine.   Treats the whole person and not just the symptoms 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Tufts
69	1	 Very good and knowledgable doctor. Always on time and is very caring. He explains everything to you so you understand what is wrong or needs to be done.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	1	 Very personal and makes you feel like your his only patient.   A+++++ 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
75	1	comments 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	 Dr Wakhloo was the most caring doctor I have ever been to!  He spent at least an hour and a half with me on our first meeting.   He actually listened!  I have nothing but great praise for his knowledge, his bed side manner, his skills, and his kindness! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
79	1	commentsThe most caring Doctor I've ever known. Went out of his way to find me the help I needed. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	 He is the best doctor I've ever met. He spends time with you and is a phenomenal diagnostician. I've had many experiences where I've heard about other people's doctor visits and been shocked at the lack of interest, intelligence, care, knowledge and integrity.  I feel enormously lucky to have him as my doctor. He always calls me back.  He will go the extra mile to make sure you have what you need, met your specialist or got your test done.  He is also incredibly kind.  He has also diagnosed one of my disorders correctly after many specialists had run into a dead-end.  I can’t say enough about him.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
91	1	 I love this guy!  Although he probably holds an unassailable world record for unpunctuality, he's worth every second spent reading old magazines in his waiting room, especially because he's devoting the lost time to a patient running over the fifty-minute hour, and next time that patient will be you.  He's psychopharmacologically adept, personally empathic, very smart and just plain kind.  	3	1	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
91	1	commentsDr. Wachter had given me the belief that anything can be worked on, if not fixed.  He has a kind heart and professional manner and knows his profession.   Thank you for being there for me Doc.! now doing well on my own. 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	 Dr. Wachter has saved my life. I cannot rate him high enough. He is the best. Very knowlegable about medications, treatment options. He is kind, caring and congenial. While he may not be on time for appointments he is well worth the wait.  		2	5	5	Insurance:MedicarePaid/Co-pay:$20000
92	1	commentskind and sympathetic 		1	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
95	1	commentsDid a great job with 2 family members, very compitant 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
95	1	 Dr.Wagner is an excellent doctor. I would recommend him highly. He is very thorough and caring.  		4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
96	-1	 The waiting room was small and cramped and you are going to wait. He seemed like a glorified shoe salesman that takes x-rays of your feet to sell you orthotics. He mentioned 4 things he was going to &quot;give&quot; (sell) me to help with foot pain and he forgot 2 of them. When I called back about them they said that the &quot;special&quot; ointment and other treatment was only available through them and I would have to drive back and buy it off of them. I declined. Bottom line I paid a lot of money out of pocket for something I could have got from Dr Scholl's. Buyer beware. fool me once........  	2	1	1	2	Insurance:CIGNA
96	-1	 The staff were nice enough but unprofessional, as their discussion of their escapades from the night before were undeniably overhead by the patients in the waiting room, while they were munching on Cheetos and drinking soda.  I had to wait 45 minutes to be put into an examining room and then another 30 minutes to be seen by Dr. Wachtel, who proceeded to, again, be nice enough but had his assistant rush me out of the room for x-rays.  After the x-rays, he started to &quot;tape&quot; my feet, without explaining what he was doing.  When I asked him, he still provided no explanation, but simply said &quot;I am putting you on a program to help your pain&quot;.  When I admitted I was uncomfortable with his treatment, he said that was ok and that I should just come back for another appointment to review the x-rays.   After this, he rushed me out of the room again, telling the receptionist to book me for another appointment, while handing me a bag with his name on it reminding me to &quot;Tell everyone where you were!&quot; 	3	1	1	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
