dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	 The staff is very friendly and educational - it was always a personal experience &amp; we never felt like &quot;a number. &quot; Very happy with results!! 	5	5	4	5	Insurance:Delta Dental
1	-1	commentsDr. Yanni took 3 years to do my one year diagnosis. The process was arduous for me and I feel unsatisfied with my smile still after all the pain. She took out four of my teeth, because this was her recommendation. I sincerely regret making this decision, because it has left my smile small and silly looking. My teeth look odd because of the changes and I wish I never went through the pain at all. Do not believe any doctor what they say. If she tells you that you need teeth pulled, then do not do it for you or your children. We have the amount of teeth we have for a reason. Besides this, the staff is nice and the environment is kid friendly, even though the entire practice is barbaric. Paid/Co-pay:$5000	4	2	1	3	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	 Love this place, very kid friendly- tvs at each chair, basketball in the lobby...  	5	4	4	5	Insurance:TricarePaid/Co-pay:$1000
8	0	 He is nice person. Any time you can walk in. waiting time is about 30 min.  	2	2	3	3	Insurance:TuftsPaid/Co-pay:$20
10	1	comments 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
11	-1	 Stay away from Dr. Yadav.  I only saw her once but that was enough.  Bad bedside manner - conducted the whole history/consultation part of visit with me in a paper skirt sitting on table.  I felt like a slab of meat, and her manner didn't help it.  Questioned diagnosis I had been given by my prior GYN of 6 years (top in his field, only left b/c I moved) &amp; did it in a way that was caustic and accusing.  Insists that recovery time from a hysterectomy is 2 weeks, which runs counter to everything I've ever heard, including what other doctors have said (the most generous is usually as little as 3 weeks but it varies person to person).  She did take a long time at my visit, but it was a long, arduous appointment with her history feeling like an interrogation - my full record supporting everything I said was in her lap the whole time and she never once looked at it.  Find someone else unless you like being treated like dirt.  	1	2	1	2	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
13	-1	commentsI got the wrong diagnosis from this doctor and was taken the wrong medication. Just wasted my time and money. 	4	4	1	3	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	 Dr. Yagudin is a great, old-style, common-sense MD -- by which I mean he will tell you to take two aspirin (when that's all you need), will listen as long as is needed (when you need to be listened to), and will refer you to a specialist (without being asked), when that's appropriate.  His joi-de-vivre is itself medicinal. He has mixed home remedies, prescriptions, referrals, and even a little acupunture (for the adventurous), to treat the routine medical events of our basically healthy family, over the past 15 years.  Convenient appointments are easy to get. He has been tolerant of copay delays.  In short, he has been a great &quot;family doctor&quot; for us.  Fortunately for my family, I cannot speak to his competency in the handling of serious medical issues, though my instinct is that if you have a complex &quot;hi-tech&quot; disease to manage, you may want a more geeky, specialist-doctor -- but I also trust him to know when you need such counsel.  	5	4	4	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	1	 Easily the best OBGYN I have ever had. Dr. Yadav is warm, knowledgeable, gay-friendly/non-judgmental, and does practically painless PAPS. Through my numerous reproductive issues and surgeries she has only ever displayed the utmost professionalism and care. Highly recommended.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
18	1	 Dr. Y is so caring and puts you at ease. She has a great sense of balance and humor, and I never experienced the delays that others complain of, partially because her nurse &quot;triages&quot; in the office so well.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$100
18	-1	commentsStaff is great, fortunately, because she's not so great. She's friendly and extremely fast. So fast I probably saw her for a total of 15 min throughout my ENTIRE pregnancy. Thank god I'm healthy, I had 2 minor concerns throughout my pregnancy that I felt were completely brushed off. When I saw her after seeing a specialist for post partum depression she was accusatory, rude, &amp; tore the dr's treatment plan to shreds, mostly because I hadn't discussed it with her during my 90 second visits. Doesn't seem to have a clue what it's like to be pregnant or deal with emotions afterward. It's all about her paycheck &amp; I fear for her patients. 	5	4	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
22	-1	commentsShe actually caused two root canals during a routine cleaning!  I mean it.  I take care of my teeth, routinely go to the dentist, but tried her because it was a closer office than leominster... she said two small cavities she could take care of that day, so I let her drill... fillings fell out that day after leaving! She drilled so much, I needed to get root canals at a different dentist office: because I was not about to let her back in my mouth.  Worst experience in my life.  When I asked for my X-rays to see why the work was done origionally, I was told they were lost.  Best advice I can give is avoid making the convient appointment with this dentist, there is a reason she's overly available. 	1	4	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
22	-1	 WORST dentist I have ever seen. Very poor bedside manner. Caused an injury and minimized her mistake and could not fix it. Went to other Aspen Dental on Main Street and they fixed it and were MUCH more pleasant to deal with! I spoke to the office manager and they said that she has MANY complaints of her poor bedside manner.  	2	2	1	1	Insurance:CIGNA
25	-1	 She misdiagnosed my BREAST CANCER.  Told me there was nothing there after other doctors felt it and told me to see her.  She told me I was too young to have Breast cancer, to let her worry about it, that she was the doctor and new Everything!!  She is very rude, arrogant, condescending, and she knows everything according to her.  It was breast cancer and I lost my breast because of her.  If she had just cut out the tiny pea sized lump I'd still have a breast.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
30	1	commentsDr. Yacoub is a very intelligent physician. He is quite knowledgeable in the area of Diabetes. He can quote the latest statistics to confirm a diagnosis. True he is busy and does not have enough time to spend with the patients but there are a huge number of patients in the area that suffer from Diabetes. He added new physicians to the team to help resolve this issue. 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
30	-1	commentsVery Rude and Arrogant.  Not at all concened what you have to say.  Was reading information from the wrong tests results at first. 	4	2	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	 its too bad this doctor is one of the only endocrinologist in the city of fall river that is smart but he can be very rude if he does not get his way,,,he needs to get out of prima care cause you pay out the nose for there copays.... $253 dollar bill for blood work is way too much!!! 	3	3	3	4	Insurance:TuftsPaid/Co-pay:$25
30	1	 He is a fabulous doctor, great personality. Very well educated. Can be tough when it comes to someone sugar level but that means he's doing his job. I would recommend hin highly.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
30	1	 I really like this specialist because he is extremely intelligient and knowledgeable, however he has too many patients. Making an appointment is difficult and sometimes during appointments I felt like he didn't spend enough time with me. I felt as though he brushed my concerns under the rug. I am 25 years old and he diagnosed me with Hashimoto's Disease. I see him every 6 months for about 5 minutes. I find that he rushes me out of his office every time. I wanted to find another endocrinologist however they are tough to come by in this area (fall river) and I heard there is no one better than him.  I guess we will see 	5	5	3	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	1	 My husband and I have been struggling with infertility for the past 2 years. It was recommended by my friend to see Dr. Yanushpolsky. We were very impressed with her professionalism. We left the office with a plan in our hands step by step on what we needed to do to successfully have a child of our own. She took alot of time with us, and truly sympathizes with couples who cannot conceive.  I highly recommend her! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$15
39	-1	commentsVery rude doctor. They tell your children you won't return or sit on them while they are in the room by themselves. They complain if you state you want to go in the room with them. AWFUL place 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	commentsFriendly staff.  I went to Dr. Yampolski for years and never had a bad experience. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	 I saw Dr. Yamin for a very very short consultation that lasted no longer than 5 min.He was very nice and proficient. However,for the 5 min he spoke to me I was billed $220(originally $300- but my insurance provider negotiated rate brought it down to $220.I think that is outrageous, since it comes to be $60 per min.These doctors need to understand that not everybody makes 6 digits salaries and for normal people it is extremely hard to either pay the super high insurance premiums or pay the absolutely inflated doctors fees. The profession that was intended to help people has become nothing more that a huge money maker for some!!! 	1	5	4	5	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
61	1	 She is a very inteligent, and hardworking woman.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
79	-1	commentsHad very bad experience with this doctor!!! Be careful. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
