dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	There is not a finer Physician that I have ever encountered.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	1	Sincerely concerned about his patients. Listens. Excellent bedside manner.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	very caring, efficient, and thorough from start to end of my pregnancy and through delivery.  very happy to have her! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
4	1	she is an excellent pediactric doctor she was my doctor in my younger years and she was my chidrens doctor as well and now she is my grandchildrens doctor also i highly recommend her to anyone who needs a pedi.doc. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	-1	I have seen Dr. Davis on numerous occasions. All she ever seems to do is bend over hr keyboard to type notes. She barely ever looked at me. Symptoms I presented were once dismissed with a &quot;I don't see anything&quot; with no questions on her part, not inquired about altogether or (rightly) referred to another doctor with no attempt at a diagnosis whatsoever. This doctor does *nothing* but data entry.  	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	-1	Dr. David was unfriendly and rude.  She hardly looked at me while talking to me.  When she was beginning my exam, she did not say anything and did not tell me about what she was going to do during the exam.  She was harsh and rough - enough so that I was sore upon leaving.  If this harshness was unavoidable, she should have mentioned it beforehand.  She had a rude tone of voice with me, and did not explain the outcome of my exam in any detail. After she was finished examining, as she left the room, she simply said (harshly, without looking directly at me), &quot;I'll send a note to your doctor&quot; and walked out.  She did not say &quot;goodbye&quot; or &quot;thank you&quot; or &quot;do you have any questions&#63;&quot;.  I left feeling upset and written off.  All around one of the worst doctor's visits I've ever had.  	4	1	1	3 	Insurance:Aetna
5	-1	This doctor visit was the worst experience I have ever had. Not only was she 45 minutes late, but she rushed through the meeting and didn't even address the concerns/issues that I brought up. She did not wash her hands before doing the physical exam and the Pap smear and pelvic exams were both very painful. I was practically screaming in pain and this woman would not stop. Anyone standing outside the door could probably hear me. I have never had such a painful gynecological exam. Afterwards, she regarded me as though it were my fault and like I was being an uncooperative patient. I thanked her for seeing me and she didn't even acknowledge it. After she left the room, I broke down in tears because I was still in pain and I felt so violated. I definitely do not recommend this doctor and I am never going back to see her again. 		1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
6	0	I feel that her office hours are considered part-time. I also consider a good Doctor to be approachable and genuine. As a parent to the patient, I did not receive that. I would also like to mention the office staff as very unprofessional and rude.  	1	2	1	4 	Insurance:CIGNA
6	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	Readily available.  On time.  Thoroughly explained procedure. Satisfactory results. Reasonable fees 	 12/14/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	Dr. David and his staff are fantastic!  Dr.David performed my Vaser Lipo and I am so happy with how I look.  It's better than I ever expected. The pain was minimal.  I have recommended Dr. David to all my friends and family. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	-1	The pain was excruciating and the results were nothing that I was promised. Would not recommend this doctor. The cost for Vazer was over $8,500. plus you had to buy the support garment that was over 125. yourself! 	2	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	Dr Dadagian takes care of my ears twice a year. I have a tendency to produce excess earwax. He is a very gentle man who obviously loves what he does. He is a seasoned doctor with many years of experience. I recommend him without any reservation for anything involving ears. He has a small practice but I think that is a choice of his. Not sure if he is semi-retired, but accessible, friendly, and knowledgeable he definitely is. I look forward to my appointments with him.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	-1	.  		3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	doesn't keep you coming back week after week.   recommended other providers when he thought it was appropriate 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	1	Dr Davidsion is a good guy.  I'd like to have a beer with him.  But forgetful and self doubting. 	5	5	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	I used to see Dr. Davidson at another practice. He was one of the best PCPs I've ever had: very personable, willing to treat conditions conservatively, and he was caring and compassionate. I never felt rushed or unimportant in his care.  I wish his new practice were closer! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	1	Dr. Davidson is an excellent primary care physician. He is usually available for appointments on short notice, even on the same day. He is very knowledgeable and friendly, and takes the time to explain everything to you. I highly recommend him.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	1	Dahl performed a laparoscopic radical prostatectomy on me 11/2002 for early-stage cancer at age 64.  In the aftermath, negligible urinary incontinence, but erectile function never recovered--for which I blame the odds, not Dahl.  Recovery from the procedure was very rapid and uncomplicated, and his follow-up care has been excellent in every way, including help with workarounds for the impotence.  (My advice:  pray for nerve regeneration and a partner with a sense of humor. ) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
11	1	Dr. Dahl worked on me after I returned from having a Radical Prostatectomy done at John Hopkins. I recommend him strongly. He operated on me later for my inability to pee due to scar tissue. He did very well as I am totally continent.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	1	Dr Dahl has been doing laparoscopic radical prostatectomies for about the past 5 years - total of about 500 I think, and I chose him to remove my PCa which was diagnosed in May 2005 when I was 54. The surgical team were very good and the procedure went well. I was quite comfortable off pain meds within 2 days and back at work about 3 weeks after surgery. More importantly, I have been lucky enough to retain excellent erectile function and urinary continence - both of those are at substantial risk from the procedure. Either I got lucky or he's a very skilled surgeon - I suspect a bit of both. I have no hesitation recommending him for anyone unfortunate enough to be looking for a skilled prostate surgeon in Boston MA. He operates at MGH and his team does 3 LRP's each week. He's young, very skilled, and I found him to be an excellent choice for my situation.  (I happen to be a physician which probably made his job harder!!) 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	1	Dr. Daines is so interested in his patients and gave much information to make you feel at ease.  He treated me with such care and respect that I felt I was in good hands for my cataract surgery.  He is the type of doctor that you look forward to seeing.  I never felt rushed during my visits and always felt assured that I was getting the best of care from him.  His staff is outstanding and all worked together as a great team.  I would recommend him to anyone for their eye care.  He is the type of doctor that answers your questions before you even ask them.  No matter how busy he is, he will greet you with a smile and treat his patients with such compassion and care.  Hope he stays in the Worcester area for many years! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	Wonderful doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	. Gives patients 100% 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
15	0	This rating is because of the lack of being able to measure what the patient truly needs. For instance, most medications are prescribed because the doctor has determined that the benefits are greater than the sideffects for that individual to treat that condition. This is a great example of what the rating intails, a good doctor needs to be able to measure what would be of most benefit for the patient now, and although the concequences are of course important as well this rating is givien that with clarity at least in one instance this has not been done causing a great deal of distress.  	5	5	3	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	One thing i respect most is that he is not a pill happy doctor. very careful prescribing.keeps good eye on your child.my one and only issue is that he will not be involved with any other help- say if you need a note for school etc...other than that if you're fortunate to have found him you're in good hands.  	3	5	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	Dr Dagincourt has been a tremendous help to our family.  He is a very compassionate person who is able to put things in perspective and help the patient/family understand all of the issues involved in his or her care.  He is always on time.  He listens to the patient and addresses issues in a very kind reassuring way.  He is very knowledgeable about various medications, their actions, side effects and uses.  I would not hesitate to recommend Dr. D to anyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	0	Arrogant, yes.  But these folks are not your friends - you are 'paying' them to help you get well.  Unfortunately, most psychiatrists don't have the time to spend with you other than to monitor your medication(s); psychologists and social workers are most helpful. 	3	4	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	I have always been very pleased with the service provided by Dr. Dagincourt.  My only complaint would be accessibility - he is sometimes hard to reach. 	1	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	Dr. Dagincourt has been amazing with my family.  He has helped us tremendously.  It's perfectly reasonable for him to take notes during a session-most psychiatrists do.  It's the help that matters and he does help.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	-1	. smart man just a little too pompous for me 		5	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	Dr. Dagincourt is a good psychiatrist, but doesn't betray much emotion when he speaks to you. He's very formal, and types his notes right in front of you. Nice enough guy, but a very sterile office. 	 7/29/06		5	3	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	I have metlife dental. I used to work in Mass and now live 1 hr north (in NH) of his office. I still visit him instead of others. I love the staff and driving the commute is worth it. I can't speak for others that have had a bad experience. I've had nothing but good visits and he has shown me x-rays when I had a cracked tooth so to me, it's valid. They even calculated what my insurance paid and gave me an estimate. He's worth the money and time. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	I went to Dr. Davitt's office to have my cleaning and exam. Everyone in the office was very friendly and welcoming. My hygienist was good and Dr. Davitt went over a lot of treatment options with me. My previous dentist recommended I have a costly implant for a missing tooth that leaves a small space in my mouth. Dr. Davitt explained this does not need to be done and fixed a few teeth with chipped enamel. He took his time explaining everything to me and I felt very comfortable. I will continue to go to him for my dental work. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	-1	Please be aware. A total racket…..  My original dentist wanted to root canal one of my teeth.  Went to Davitt for 2nd opinion.  He insisted to fill &quot;Cavity&quot; ($400+)&#63;&#63;  Then crown, then root canal (After I insisted). Meanwhile he drilled several other teeth to the point of no enamel so more crowns needed.  Thousands and thousands later I've put a stop after his &quot;Cookie-cutter&quot; recommendations to crown my &quot;Cracked&quot; teeth&#63;&#63;&#63;  Only to shake the last dime from my pocket and walk away with more mouth discomfort. 	5	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
17	-1	This guy is very friendly but &quot;shady&quot; he over-services constantly.Most recently he told me I had a cavity(I couldnt see it or feel it) filled it &amp; then told me that tooth was cracked &amp; I needed a crown immediately.  	3	4	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
17	-1	Watch out for this guy.  He filled a number of &quot;cavities&quot; for my wife and had more lined up along with other work, then he told me I had a cracked tooth that needed to be extracted and replaced with an implant as well as a cavity.  We had begun to get suspicious and so visited another dentist recommended by an oral surgeon we trusted.  Turns out, my wife didn't have those new cavities, and neither did I, and I had no cracked tooth.  If we somehow had x-rays from prior to his treatments to really prove my wife's condition prior to entering his care (we don't believe the &quot;cavities&quot; he filled real either), we'd have sued him for malpractice or fraud.  Stay away. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	Dr. Debs is an intelligent human being. Caring and trustworthy. I recomend to call him especially if you have no answers to your medical  problems.He will always have the time for you and you will understand everything he explains to you. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	I've been seeing Dr. Debs for 11 yrs now, he is the most kind, compassionate and intelligent Doctor i've ever known. He seems to know more than my own Primary doctor and he has helped me threw alot during these 11 yrs. I do not know what I would ever do without him. God Bless you Dr.  Debs they need more in the profession like you! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
19	1	Fantastic doctor ans staff. I would recommend him to all my friends and family gosh forbid they get a foot or ankle problem.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	Dr. DeAsla was probably the best doctor with respect to professionalism and expertise that I've been to, in any specialty.  In addition to being extraordinarily knowledgeable about my particular medical issue, he more thorough and explanatory than any other doctor in any area from whom I've received care.  I particularly liked the fact that he was able to speak to me about my medical issues and address my concerns with incredible patience in a clear manner, and without ever making me feel as though I would be unable to understand the complexities of which he spoke.  For things that were more technical, he was able to anticipate a need for more simplified explanation and more detail, and delivered it without condescension or glossing over anything.  Dr. DeAsla's unrivaled expertise and wonderful bedside manner make him one of the best doctors in this field in the Boston area, if not nationally.  I recommend him highly, and have already done so with friends and colleagues.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	1	Dr Das was very kind and professional. He knows what he is talking about especially when it comes to sloppy or substandard  care which other Professionals may provide. Unfortunately some People may misread Dr Das' standards for excellence as greedy. I do not happen to agree. The procedures which are effective can require quite a bit of cost commitment and follow through on the patIents part as well. Doctors can only do so much for the patient. The patient must commit to Health as well this means changes in diet and exercise hydration patterns and follow up .  The patient must be vigilant as well thank you! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
20	-1	I agree he in it for the money.  He specializes in interstim whatever it is they implant like a tens unit in back which if you have it done is no gaurantee interstitial cystis pain will go away.  He wont tell you that I had to find out for my self.  He didnt seem interestered after I sain no.  He still persisted to push it - the money motive.   He could care less about you believe it 	1	4	1	3 	Insurance:Medicare
20	1	Dr. Das has taken good care of me as his patient.  His staff is also very caring of their patients undergoing some uncomfortable procedures 	 2/12/09	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
20	1	My daughter is seeing Dr. Das.  He is calm, professional and very thorough.  He is explaining things well and makes sure we understand. 	5	2	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	Quickly diagnosed reason for incontinence problem.  Within 6 months had Medtronic Interstim implanted and incontinence (female) problem is much better.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
20	-1	Dr. Das did not seem to care about me and did a poor, incomplete evaluation of my condition; he seemed preoccupied and interested only in maximizing the fee he got from me. 		3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	Very caring and thorough. The hygienist also took her time to show me proper care of my teeth. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	Dr. Davidson did a breast lift, nipple reduction and implants for me. My case was not a quick fix and was pretty difficult. I have waited 1 year before reviewing him anywhere online to make certain I was happy with results and there were no complications. I must have seen a different doc than the one spoken of here. My consultations were very thorough. I wanted small and he kept trying to tell me to go larger and I refused.  Finally, morning of surgery, I resigned to let him decide size based on his experience. THANK the universe. I would have been so unhappy. The nipples looked like frankenstein immediately after and scary!  One of my breasts took longer to place. BUT, after 1 year, I cannot believe the results. I could not be happier. The shape is wonderful, scarring is minimal and the size is perfect.  I am so happy! He was very thorough and kept seeing me in his office until 2-months ago when he was satisfied. This is the guy you want for a complicated fix. He takes his time! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	-1	I had a breast lift and augmentation with Dr Davidson.  I am very disappointed.  The doctor mixed up my implants during surgery and the breast that was bigger to begin with is even bigger now and will not drop.  Dr Davidson didnt even know he made the mistake until I pointed it out. He took no responsibility for the mix up and wants to CHARGE me for a revision,  He is WAY to old and arrogant. SOOO dissatisfied. 	3	4	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
22	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
22	-1	very unhappy with procedure.  he is way to old.  made me look worse and deformed.  give it up.  hack. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
22	-1	I had Lipo done to my waste and love handles. He didn't take out enough and I came out lopsided. I now have to find a diffrent surgeon to fix all of this mans mistakes. I think he is now to old, and should have quit the game a while ago. I wish I had never picked this Dr. 	2	3	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
22	-1	I'm a male in my 20s and I had gotten a prevous, 1-piece silicone chin implant by Dr. Barry Davidson in Boston, that of which later became mobilized; furthermore, I visited Mike for both revisional and cosmetic reasons. When viewing his website online, I noticed that he had a pretty good mandible implants tab, so I decided that I was *interested* in both chin and jaw surgery, but not necessarily having committed yet to the latter. At the consultation, he showed me his 2-piece, TFE (not silicone) implant design styles and assured me of immobilization via Ti screw-fixation. I realized at this point that he was a way better surgeon than Davidson, both with regards to education and technique. It's one thing to merely hear/read about someone's education/experience, but it's a whole other to actually HAVE BEEN OPERATED ON BY THEM. I got chin, mandibular body and angle implants by Mike. I went from looking like a boy to an NFL player. This has completely changed my life. I'm just different. 	5	5	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
22	-1	STAFF ARROGANT AND RUDE AND SI IS HE ! ONCE HE HAS GOT YOUR MONEY YOU DONT EXHIST TO HIM ANY LONGER WHAT A REAL DISSAPOINTMENT FOR A DR, 	2	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	staff was extremely assisting  even though I had no intention on having the procedure done with him. He made some great suggestions and really upped my level of expectations.  I might end up back with him because his results speak for themselves...   He also has a ton of experience 	5	3	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	-1	hello!      had my consultation. waste of time. they take you late and have you watch a video..how personal, right&#63; then the doctor comes in ...after waiting quite a while and appears annoyed at your questions...all this for $75 bucks! dont waste your time! 	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
22	0	I chose this doctor because of his experience and credentials, which in his case, turned out to be counter intuitive.  He did not consider my interests but instead went ahead with his own &quot;professional opinion&quot;.  I had a bi-lateral breast augmentation and the results were less-than-ideal.  My breasts are two different sizes, requiring me to wear padding on one side to supplement as well as pay close attention to clothing choices.  Also, I paid  extra for the areolar incision as it was supposed to be less unsightly- but that only works if the incision itself has been clean cut.  In my case, the incision more closely resembled a clumsy gash, and now, two years later, is still highly visible..    I would recommend looking elsewhere for a cosmetic surgeon. 	2	4	4	1 	Insurance:Unknown
22	-1	Two out of three procedures were wrong and had to be revised. Chin implant was too big. Frown lines unaffected by the procedure. 	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	I found Dr. Davidson extremely competent and felt entirely comfortable with him. 		5	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	-1	Very bad , not a nice man , when he is done getting your money he doesn't want anything to do with you. Had to go to a diffrent Dr. to get fixed. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	Dr. Deemester is an amazing pediatrician, located at Holyoke Medical Center, who really cares for the children she comes in contact with on a daily basis.  Dr. De Meester never rushes with her patients, and always goes above and beyond to make sure they are safe and comfortable. I would recommed her without reservation 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	-1	Beligerent when you ask a question.  Sarcastic at bedside when sick, discharged me early and ended up readmitted to other facility within 8 hrs to ICU.  He may have been great once, don't trust this man now.   He is now in HOUSTON 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	Dr. Day saved my husband's life when he removed a growing brain mass. We know that God placed my husband in Dr. Day's care.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	Fantastic doctor.  Amazing skills and knowledge.  Wonderful manner and spend much time to educate both  me and my family.  Saved my life.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	He was great.  He fit me into his schedule when I initally flew from Houston to Boston to interview him to be my surgeon.  After our meeting, I scheduled my surgery.  He gives exceptional care and Sara is a one-kind assistant to him.  After almost three years, I can still send questions and get responses almost immediately.  Would recommend him to anyone needing an exceptional neurosurgeon.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:GHI
25	1	Dr. Day saved my vision from fd, decompressed my chiari malformation, took care of my vp shunt infection and is the best surgeon ever!  And really easy to get along with too.  Of all the doctors and surgeons I've dealt with,  he was definitely one of, if not the best ever.  Very understanding and listened to everything I said. I can't praise him enough.  I am honored to have him save my life.  Thank you.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	Very kind and empathatic. Always made sure he was available to answer questions/concerns.  Excellent doctor and staff.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
25	1	Dr. Day successfully performed an arterial bypass on my daughter's (age 21) previously ruptured brain aneurysm when there seemed to be no options left. He saved her life! Thank you, Dr.  Day! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	I had three brain aneurysms and he performed brain surgury and let me say he is a Godsend, without him I would not be typing these words. He is very sweet, kind, caring and the best ever!! I may need more surgury and I'm afraid of him retiring before my time....I don't know what I'll do..I love You Dr.  Day!!   Always Caroline 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
25	1	In 1984 I suffered a ruptured brain aneurysm at 24 years old.  Dr. Day operated on me at Shands Hospital in Gainesville and saved my life.  I have no lasting effects from my surgery and today I lead a healthy, happy and prosperous life. What is most special about my story is that Dr. Day and I have developed a wonderful friendship and to this maintain constant contact.  I thank God each day for having allowed me to cross paths with Arthur L. Day MD 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	Dr Day resected my meningeoma in 2002 in Gainesville and he was everything they said he was...Excellent 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	Saw Dr. Day in Gainesville in 1990. He repaired an AVM that a previous neurosurgeon could not repair. I, too, feel like I owe him my life. Any more problems, I head north to Dr. Day again. I hope he never retires! he treated me like a human with brains...  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
25	1	Even-keeled, non-politician, straightforward, honest diagnosis. Responsible for allowing me to continue on my career path in the military (FIGHTER PILOT). Best seen to date.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
25	-1	More of a politician than a doctor.  Spent more time joking with his side-kicks than listening about my symptoms. 	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	Saved my life. Actually the reason I decided to go into medicine. Friendly, takes time to explain everything, remembers your name after a year of last seeing you :) Wish all docs were like him. Works at Brigham and Women's Hospital.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	1	Truly concerned about you as a patient. Willing to spend whatever time is necessary to answer any questions.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
26	0	if you need a specialist, go to a specialist 		4	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
26	0	He's good for basic stuff 		4	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	Amazing care; ACL/MCL repair and follow up for a colege athlete.  Very happy with the outcome.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
27	1	Dr. Deangelis has operated on me twice.  He replaced my left ACL two years ago and cleaned up a torn menicus in my right knee this year.  He is a consummate professional.  He'll answer any questions that you have candidly.  He was recommended to me by another orthodpedic doctor whose specialty was different.  I asked that doctor: &quot;If you were to have ACL replacement surgery who would you have do it&#63; He replied:&quot;Nic Deangelis at UMass Medical in Worcester.   He's one of the best in New England.&quot;  I agree.  Dr. Deangelis' work has given me a new lease on life.  I strongly recommend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	1	He is amazing...our child is a college D2 bball player; and he repaired an ACL; good as new; ready to go.  Excellent skills; great bedside manner; and he thought of everything...CPM machine delieved to house; coorinated by he and Junie.... highly reccommend them! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
27	1	Dr. DeAngelis performed an ACL allograft reconstruction and removed part of my meniscus on my right knee after a serious sports injury. I found Dr. Deangelis to be professional and helpful in answering my questions pre and post-op. I am pleased with the outcome of the operation and glad I chose him.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	1	I had my acl reconstuction 01/07. I have a medical condition that is rare and problematic.  I had seen 3 other drs that said that nothing could be done because of this condition. One even said I would be in a wheelchair in a year. Dr.Deangelis researched my condition and explained that I had a risk for more complications than others that have this surgery. He recommended pt before surgury to build up the muscles. I had pt for 5 mos.  After surgery, I used cpm machine, pt everyday, slow, steady movements, pushed myself, but took my time. Dr.Deangelis worked with my limitations, understood my condition. I see Dr.D. every 6 months for follow up and he is surprised and thrilled with my progress. He was courteous, never more than 10 minutes late. His personal secretary always makes the time to address any issues. I highly recommend Dr. Deangelis to all of my friends and family.I am walking, when other drs gave up, Dr. Deangelis gave me mobility. May God bless him and his family.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
27	-1	I had to go to him and he didn't understand my knee as mush as someone should have. He was always at least an hour late and all he told me was to wait for another month until the next appointment. Then the next appointment he did the same thing. 		1	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	Very informative and knowledgeable, totally comfortable with him. Always ran late from surgeries to appts but I'm glad he took the time with my daughter's surgery instead of keeping a patient waiting 10 minutes.! 		3	3	5 	Insurance:Unknown
27	-1	Went to Dr. Deangelis for a second evaluation on request of my orthopedic. Deangelis was very dismissive and did not want to give an evaluation unless I planned to take him on as my orthopedic. This doctor did not physically evaluate me, nor did he ask pertinent questions necessary to make an informed diagnosis/recommedation. I left the office very dissatisfied and determined to spread the word that this doctor's actions were borderline malpractice in nature. 		3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	This was years ago but I feel it gives much deserved credit to Dr. D'Angelo. My son was hurt in an accident that left him with two broken legs, a cracked pelvis and a large hematoma on his backside. After he was released from a Boston hospital, Dr. D'Angelo called my house to let me know that if I needed, he would make a house call to check on him. How many doctors would do that! That meant the world to me and I will always be thankful of him. Me and my family were patients of his before moving away.  I wish there was a doctor like him where I live now! 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
28	1	Dr. D'Angelo has always provided great medical attention to all of my needs. He takes his time to get to know you and your medical history. He is very accessible. I am very happy with him as my primary care doctor.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
28	1	Great doctor, like the old fashion kind. Makes you feel like your issues are important. Great listening skills and helpful advise.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tufts
28	-1	. Dr misdiagnosed Kidney stones for UTI-prescribed medication for UTI-advised normal for blood in urine with a UTI-4 days later patient still in pain was told unable to see till 5th day-staff very rude-not helpful- 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	1	. excellent provider, good listening skills, great diagnostician - highly recommend his practice 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	-1	Reception staff do not communicate any factual information in a consistent manner, to the point of complete rudeness.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
28	1	Dr D'Angelo does not, to my knowledge, double book patients. A wait past your appointment time is generally because someone had a situation requiring more of his time than anticipated, not scheduling. He is thorough, patient and is not afraid to refer you to a specialist if the situation is beyond his abilities. Staff and he knows who you are outside exam room. After being a patient at another medical practice that grew far too fast, it is nice to be more than a patient number again. How many people can say they're not just a number these days.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
29	-1	He told me I was crazy and did not actually have the condition I believed I had.  In reality, my eye problem was confirmed by other eye doctors. He was very rude and unprofessional.   He should leave medicine and go into modeling since he also thinks so highly of the way he looks 	5	4	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	1	Very knowledgeable; one of the leaders in his field. Very helpful 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	-1	Did not provide me with a full range of options for my medical condition; using the Internet to find them was actually more helpful.  	 7/28/06		3	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
30	1	Dr damsgaard was one of the best doctors I have had a visit with. I was really concerned about my knee replacement but he was competent and knowledgable. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	Dr Damsgaard was extremely knowledgable and thorough 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	. Excellent practice! Great Dr and staff! Highly recommend! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	1	He has helped my grandmother alot.  She was suicidal before she started seeing him, now she is close to the grandmother I grew up with.  One thing though, he runs a very tight schedule, which is good if you are waiting for him, not so good if you are a few minutes late.  	4	5	4	5 	Insurance:Medicare
33	-1	This doctor provides unnecessary service and change big money.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	1	Dr. Deaton is a cardiac surgeon, and he did some work on my Dad.  When Dad was going in, Dr. Deaton called to acquaint himself with me (I was Dad's proxy), which I thought was wonderful.  He did this in the event that things didn't go well in surgery, he didn't want our first conversation to be of Dad's passing. He took the time to answer my questions and concerns, as well as my fathers.  Due to things out of Dr. Deaton's control, my father didn't make it.  He had complications both before and after the surgery.  I read his autopsy, and everything that Dr. Deaton did was correct.. all the sutures held, etc.  Dr. Deaton's staff was absolutely wonderful throughout, and helped me obtain Dad's autopsy report.  Dad was just sicker then I think even he knew.  All in all, Dr. Deaton and his staff are a wonderful group, and if I ever needed cardiac surgery, I would have him do it.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	1	. competent, personable, extremely helpful, a true professional 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	1	Dr. Dayaw is honest and cares about patients.  She tells it to you like it is, in real people terms and doesn't try to dance around hard topics because they are difficult.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
36	1	I was just diagnosed with multiple sclerosis. She helped me choose the right medication for ME. She was very supportive and caring through a very scary time. I LOVE her and her staff! Thank You Dr. Dayaw. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
36	-1	not supportive to needs of MS patient.  actually was very RUDE and never available for appt.  found my diagnosis basically on my own. was told by phone .. due to the office keeping cancelling my appoint.  would not recommend  atall 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
36	1	Dr. Dayaw has a nice demeanor and she will take the time to explain stuff in a way that is easily understood.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
37	1	Amazing doctor can not say enough.  Very punctual, very comforting and very knowledgable.  I would highly recommend this doctor! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	I love this guy.  He diagnosed my hip problem immediately, and I have been pain free ever since.  He and his staff also were extremely courteous. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
38	-1	Waited over an hour to see him in a waiting room buzzing with the loud inappropriate chatter of the office staff. Dr. D'Alton was not helpful in the least bit and insulted me twice...   Because of my shaky hands he accused me of being ****.    HE'S SUPPOSED TO BE A NEUROLOGIST AND HE'S NEVER SEEN SOMEONE WITH SHAKY HANDS!&#63;!&#63;   What a jerk. Save your time and money.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	-1	D'Alton has treated me for migraines for years but doesn't seem to know much else.  When I had Shingles he prescribed the correct initial medications, but offered nothing for the extreme pain or itching.  Had to beg for pain medication and when I suggested Lidoderm, said it was very expensive.  He the last neurologist I'd recommend to friends and family! 	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	-1	Dr. D'Alton knows almost nothing about his specialty and was less than helpful in treating Shingles and the following Post Hepatic Neuralgia. The one thing that could have helped, he didn't even know about.  He's cancelled appointments several times in order to travel overseas.  I will NEVER consult him again! 	4	5	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
39	1	Dr. Dahod is my favorite doctor my 8 month old triplets have ever had, and they've had their share of doctors, seeing they spent 2 months in a NICU. Two of my three, see him for reflux and milk allergies. When I was first referred to him, they were book solid, so he let me come in at 5, after office hours, with my son. He said he shouldn't have to suffer any longer. Dr. Dahod interacts with my babies in a very caring and nurturing way. They aren't just another patient to him. I can't say enough about the difference he's made in my babies lives. He got them on the right formula and meds. My babies are happier than they've ever been. I highly recommended him to anyone! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	I love Dr. Dahod. He was so kind and loving with my baby boy and so patient with me. He answered all of my questions and took his time with us. He also took an interest in my older son who was at his little brother's appt with me. I can't say enough good things about Dr. Dahod, love him, love him, love him!! And I never write reviews. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	Dr. Dahod…. Yes for the most part he is late to his meetings, however once you are actually meeting with him he takes his time to really explain everything.  He doesn't want you to leave not understanding something.  My daughter is 5, scared to death of doctors, and has EE.   She loves this man!  He's makes her laugh effortlessly.   As irritating as it is with him being late for appointments, it's worth it because he knows his stuff, and is willing to work with you as a team on a solution or a treatment that will work for you individual child and their condition.  Being great with the kids is just a plus!  I will say that the office staff is slightly slow getting back but they are also very good to work with.   And will help you coordinate with the school systems on your child’s care and medical plan.   Overall I’m extremely happy with him and his staff.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
39	0	This doctor is average at best. He loves to keep having you come back for visit again and again and again but the wait is never less than one hour. His staff even seems to be annoyed by his late schedule habits, because they have to apologize to customers all day long. Sorry, there are other better doctors in Worcester for my insurance money.  	1	1	3	2 	Insurance:Aetna
39	1	Dr. Dahod is very knowledgeable,was very nice with my kid - I highly recommend him! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
39	1	Incredibly knowledgeable and very good with children. Been treating my son for 2 years, I could not recommend ANY MD higher! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	After 2 1/2 years of severe IBS, my 14 year old son was seen by Dr Dahode. This was the only Doctor who made any significant impact and completely cured the problem. Previous Doctors took conventional shots in the dark, many of which were drug treatments that made my son suffer further. Dr Dahode figured out that over-use of conventional drugs such as anti-biotics (for years of otitis media treatment) had ultimately left my son devoid of necessary intestinal flora. Dr Dahode started him on a regimen to relpace the intestinal flora that was simple, inexpensive and non-invasive and it worked! He also did a full colonoscopy to thouroughly rule out other possiblities to keep us at ease. All in all, he is a calm, patient and gentle Doctor with better insight and knowledge than any other physician we have ever encountered. If it were not for him, I feel my son would have deteriorated further and eventually faced dire consequences, even death.  DO NOT HESITATE TO TRY HIM! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	1	I have a 1 year old and if it wasn't for Dr. Dahod, he wouldn't be here today. He takes his time with us and always returns his phone calls within 15 mins. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
39	0	I missed an appointment,and they billed me $50.00.I refuse to pay it. Every time i go there we wait an hour for him! So now they refuse to see and treat my kids until I pay.How sad is that! 		1	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	This physician retired in 2008. I do not recommend the Partner's MS Clinic where he practiced.  They are not as intuitive.  	1	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
40	1	brilliant MD. listens to patient, and helps wit current issue at hand.  Very clear explaining risks vs.  benefits 	3	2	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
41	1	Doctor K Dawson demonstrated care, concern for how I was feeling going into surgery and after speaking with the Doctor before I went into leg surgery at Hospital For Special Surgery to repair torn quadricep I was more relaxed because Doctor Courney Dawson exhibited high level knowledge answering my questions combined with such confidence that my surgery and hospital stay was little more pleasant then I thought it would be.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
42	1	Outstanding physician!.Very smart,spends time with patients,always available. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	Dr Daniel is a young,well rounded , smart and committed physician.I'm very happy with his care and recommend him to any of my family members. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
43	-1	Terrible patient care!  I was a patient of Dr. Richard DeAmicis' for 6 years. Moved to Boston but kept PCP because of history. Called for specialist referral and was denied referral.  Had to switch PCP!  They would not let me see TOP notch Dr.   of my choice and insisted I see Chelmsford specialist that they wanted me to see who I'd already seen!  Office Manager is a true piece of work!  Total piece of sh#t!  They clearly do have your medical care in mind and are playing local politics!  Unreal!  Felt like i was in a 3rd world country!  Avoid!!! 	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	1	. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
44	-1	He doesn't know much about what he is talking about, though he talks with great authority and did get me to trust him at the start. But he is awful. I am MUCH worse off after seeing him than I was before...  	2	4	1	1 	Insurance:Tufts
45	1	. very caring and spends the time with you also 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
46	-1	I went for a sick visit to Daly as he was my OB/GYN for 12+ years. He asked some questions, did an examination & told me a few tests needed to be done. That was the last time I spoke to him. I left the office with unanswered questions but he didn't have time to discuss with me. Since the tests I left countless messages for him, with the office staff & finally with the office manager. He never returned a single call & never answered my questions. He unsuccessfully tried passing information through the receptionists. Finally, upon about the 15th call (& 5 days later) his nurse answered & told me to stop my birth control & change to something completely different. Daly made it 100% clear he did not have time to discuss my options with me & thought it was acceptable to switch my birth control without my having a choice of medications or an explanation. He has lost any semblance of a bedside manner & is completely disconnected with patients concerns. I would not recommend him to anyone.  	1	3	1	3 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
46	1	This Doctor is UNREAL! He is seriously one of the best doctor's I have been to. I did not feel rushed at all by him.  He took me into his office to find out why I was there first b/f going to the examinging room; that has never happened to me.  He answered ALL my questions, which I had about 15 - no joke.  He truly was the nicest, most patient doctor I have ever been to.  He even would explain medical terms to me, which is how people can educate themselves.  I would highly reccommend him and almost do not want to put this reccomendation on here so I can hog him for my family and friends.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
47	1	I think Dr Davidow is a great doctor.  I had all three of my children under his care.  He took great care of me.  I had a high risk  pregnancy and he made sure I was looked at each week.  He is very friendly and easy to talk to.  I highly recomend him and his office.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
47	-1	i had a very bad experiance with this doctor; i felt like he was listening to what i had to say .  and after i had my daughter he didnt even remember that he had delivered my daughter; and when i said he did , he still didnt remember and aked if it was a c-section or vaginal! 	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
47	1	Staff at office was great, Dr. Davidow seems like a good, intelligent doctor.  	5	3	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	-1	nasty,misdiagnosis 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	I have seen lots of dentist, but by far, Dr. Dahan is the most knowledgable and kindest.  He made me feel at ease and answered all of my questions and concerns. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	Dr D'Agostino has been my families physician for almost 20 years. He is a caring, compasionate &amp; knowledgable Doctor. If he can't help you (which is extremely rare), he sends you to someone who can. I have had 3 family physicians in my lifetime. He and my original doctor, Dr Batchelder are 1 &amp; 1A on that short list. If you are in the Canton Area, Dr D is definately someone you should consider for you and your family.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tufts
50	1	I have been with Dr. D'Agostino for for nearly 30 years.  He probably knows as much about me as anyone I know and is and has always been a caring and knowledgeable Doctor.  He has even been present during surgeries that he was not performing just to keep my comfort levels high.  I would recommend him to anyone of any age. while I don;t live in Canton anymore I still make an hour drive for every visit and would never consider changing.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	1	I have been seeing Dr. Dagastino for many years.  He is like a friend when I go see him.  I am currently may facing a battle for life and I am glad I have him as my doctor.  Thank you all.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tufts
50	-1	They are very good about getting a patient in on short notice however are too quick to throw a prescription in my path that I felt I didn't need and always threw away when I got home. I have since switched doctors.  	3	1	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	1	Dr. D. is a wonderful doctor!  He takes excellent care of me and my whole family.  He always takes the time to explain things, and carefully listens to all of my questions and concerns.  I have been a patient for about 25 years, and wouldn't want to go anywhere else! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	I've been a patient of Dr Bob's for over 5 years. When I moved away from the area I would drive nearly 2 hours to go to an appointment, because i am very comfortable with the service level. If you get an appointment at a peak time, sure the time with the nurse and PA will increase, that's what they are there for, to help cut down on the dr's workload. Friendly, helpful, informative, good old fashioned family doctor. Not an internet driven office, this doctor actually wants to see you in person. I've worked in pharmacy and I can tell you that I applaud this kind of doctor, he does NOT shove drugs at you for every little thing, and totally supports my desire for natural approaches to life's medical issues. Not a practice for people who want 21st century get-it-now techniques. Fatherly advice from the doctor and motherly care and attention from Adrienne the office manager/receptionist.  	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	1	Dr. D is extremely knowledgeable about medicine and his patients; because of this I credit him with saving my life. He is caring and takes the time to explain things in every day language.  His staff is professional and caring.  Dr. D has been my pcp for many years and I have the utmost respect and admiration for him.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Tufts
50	1	Dr. D'Agostino is caring, kind and knowledgeable.  There are no excessive tests, no excessive visits to specialists, but when it's necessary, it's immediate.  He always takes time to answer questions fully.  He's gentle, and has a sense of humor.  The doctor is backed up by an LPN and 2 physician assistants, two of whom have been with him for years.  They know the patients well, and are as caring as he.  For many years, the doctor had Saturday hours, but when he finally decided to cease that, he added an evening.   And how many doctors have their practices in a former police station with the treatment rooms in the cells&#63; 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	-1	Very dismissive tone-over simplifies. Put patient on the defensive.  He does not share relevant information such as test reports etc. Need a refill from nurse staff it takes an act of congress. Recpt is the best on their team.  	2	3	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	1	Dr. D is very knowledgeable and continually does research on problems to learn newer, more creative ways to solve an issue. He is a great listener! He believes in vitamins and supplements and likes when a patient works with him as a team. I generally have to wait to see him no more than 15 minutes after a scheduled appt. This is much better than other doctors with whom I have appts. He will also fit me in when I explain to the staff that I need to see him right away. For all these reasons, I have used Dr. D as my primary care doctor for over 20 years since I moved to this state.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Tufts
51	1	Dr. Daley is one of the BEST pediatrician! I had him as a doctor and now my 2 children have him as a doctor.  All my friends and family who have had him agree he is an excellent doctor! I have referred him to every one! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
52	1	Entire office exhibits exceptional customer service.  Doctor is very patient, caring and extremely thorough with her exams and questions.  She makes you feel as if you are her only patient for the day. Very personable and approachable.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
52	1	very thorough exam, listens to concerns, stays on top of borderline test results, great bedside manner, right on with meds prescribed. sunny disposition.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
53	1	I've been seeing Stephanie for years, and she is the best I've seen for meds. I tend to be treatment resistant and meds &quot;poop out&quot; on me quickly. She's been able to help me stay on top of it. She asks the right questions and knows how to use the answers you give her for specific treatment. She's strong with diagnosis, and cares about you as a whole person, while being scientific and smart with her recommendations. She's not as strong on talk therapy, but I highly recommend her for diagnoses and treatment.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
53	1	Dr. Davidoff is extremely intelligent, listens to patient needs, creates a welcome and warm environment, and most importantly helps find the treatment plan that works best for the patient.  She clearly cares for the well-being of her patients.  Highly recommended, particularly for women.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Tufts
53	1	 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	My three years old daughter loves Dr. Susan Davis.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	1	My son has been going to Dr. Davis since he was born (he's now 13). She's great. She is very thorough and asks a lot of questions, both to me and to him, and really listens to the answers. We luckily have only had to deal with minor health issues, but she always explains things clearly and answers all our questions.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
55	1	Doctor is very thorough in her examinations 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	The most devoted of doctors you will ever find. I seen by him on an emergency basis and he did a revision on my spine that another surgeon had not taken the time just one week before to correct. I ended up with osteomyolitis due to injections given afterwards by another practice not associated with SSNSSG and during my stay in intensive care for over two months he did not fail to see me every morning by 6 am and would revisit me the same evening upon his departure from a long day of surgery. If he had not been able to his P.A.  Madeleine Rivard was always present in his place .. Try getting treatment like that anywhere else.Our conversatons would last from 15 min to sometimes a couple hours..Never just a peek his or her head in and a &quot;just checking on you&quot;... I have a multiple level fusion coming up soon and I feel like it was a godsend to have this man available to take care of my problems.There is not a single group of doctors more dedicated to their patients than they are....  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
57	1	Dr. Dealer was caring and confident throughout our delivery. She answered all of our questions and put us at ease. I would recommend her highly.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
57	-1	Terrible Doctor..would not recommend..my delivery was terrible with her 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	Dr. Deaver is very knowledgable & I trust that she has my best interests medically.  I will continue to see her. The only thing that I would say is sometimes I think she forgets that she is sharing one of the most wonderful & intimate experiences (having a baby) with her patients. We are not just a 'job' ..we are all part of the human experience.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
57	1	Dr. Deaver is a caring, confident and knowledgeable doctor. I'm seeing her again with my second pregnancy -- she is the best.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
57	1	I really enjoyed my experience with Dr. Deaver. She was attentive and interested in what I had to say, but she was also very straight-forward and didn't try to chitchat too much. She answered my questions confidently, and she offered helpful suggestions when I faced a problem.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
57	1	She follows my pregnancy, she is helpfull and friendly and always takes time to reassure me and to answer all my questions.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
57	1	Dr. Deaver delivered my baby boy and I was very happy with her care throughout the pregnancy and labor. She is not a cheerleader-type, she's honest and punctual. She doesn't sugarcoat things and I'm sure doctors get sick of the internet. Now every human came google their symptoms and try to self-diagnose. 	2	4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	I have always had a problem finding an ob/gyn that put me at ease and made me feel comfortable. I thought Dr. Deaver was super friendly, thorough and very honest and straightforward. One of the easiest and least painful annual exams I've ever had. I never felt rushed, and was in and out in under 30 minutes, including exam, consult and blood work. She took the time to find out about me. The nurse who took my vitals and the nurse who did my blood work were both polite and professional.  No complaints at all! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
57	1	I have no complaints about Dr. Deaver. Granted, I'm not popping out a baby either. I would say she's at least a good OB/GYN for your regular annual exams. Answered my questions and was thorough. 	3	5	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
57	-1	Dr. Deaver is my pregnancy doctor, and is very unfriendly and tends to overule question we ask. Especially is we ask her questions by doing some research on the internet, she feels irritated.   I feel very awkward to talk to this doctor, very unwarm and rude behaviour on her part.    Need to change my doctor urgently! 	2	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
57	-1	The office staff is abrupt and unfriendly. Dr Deaver treats you like a number-barely any humanity enters the exam room. Roughest routine exam I've ever experienced. This was the most unpleasant doctor/patient relationship. Also, if you want a first-trimester screening, they refer you to a perinatologist who charges double what other specialists charge in the city. If you want a copy of any of your records, even one page results of a lab test, they charge you $35! This is a racket and as the receptionist said: &quot;we are a business&quot;.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
58	1	Dr. Davidyan is probably the best dentist I have ever had! Not only did he truthguly help fix my teeth, he was truly painless! Unlike other deentists who lie about procedures, Dr. Davidyan told me exactly what I needed to have done with no strings attached. I would highly reccomend Dr. Davidyan to anyone who wants a truthful, and great dentist! 	 9/24/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
58	-1	1.  Trys to see too many patients at one time.  2. Uses all the expensive paraphanalia to work on you - when less would do (and cost less).  3. Seems to try to make each visit as expensive as he can.  4.  Staff not very efficient.  5.  Can't depend on what he tells you.  6.  I lost a tooth due to a botched job he did on a root canal. AND, he STILL tried to charge me for the un-completed root canal.  7.  He is becoming known as the &quot;**** of Baclava&quot;.    This is all my own opinion.  I shall NEVER go back there. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
59	1	this was the most expensive botox around.  The staff was grear and the doc has a great bedside manner, however, the botox was not the best I ever had.  He was great to see me two weeks after for a touch up but I will stick to my regular (and less expensive) dermatologist for a better botox job. 	5	1	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	Real nice guy and very down to earth. Very easy to talk with and does not make you feel uncomfortable at all.  He really does seem to care, there were times i could not afford my co-payment and rather than have me cancel he waived my co-payment, not many doctors that would do that in this day! I wish he took Medicare I would love to go back to him! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tufts
60	1	One of the only doctors, of any specialty, that I have ever trusted. Always takes the time to answer questions and listen to my concerns, and lets me have a say in treatment decisions. He has a laid-back manner and a sense of humor; he is not at all condescending like every other psychiatrist I have seen. Not only is he intelligent and well-informed, he's also just a nice guy and seems like he really wants to help. 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	Dr Daoud is wonderful. She is super friendly and very knowledgeable!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	Great doctor, very careing seem to care alot for me and my sittuation, yes you have to have patience waiting for him,, BUT HE IS WORTH THE WAIT, RECOMENDED 	3	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	. Excellent doctor saved my life! great follow up very caring! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
62	1	My experience with Dr. Danielson has been amazing. He was very caring and extremely thorough. He provided my results very quickly. When I called with follow up questions he made sure he called me back that same night, even though it was later in the day. I am so thankful I had Dr. Danielson to help me through this process! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	Doctor performed successful operation, provided biopsy results which were good, Melrose-Wakefield Hospital staff was also excellent. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	He never got back to me about my biopsy results and I am going to try to go to the Paathology for the infomation. Very frustrating. He does not seem to care after the operation is over. 		1	2	5 	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	Does not get back to patient with information about biopsy information from the lab in a decent amount of time. 		2	2	5 	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	Dr. D'Avenas is a kind and gentle woman. Her concern for her patients total well-being is unparalleled in my experience. Her medical knowledge, including alternatives, is extensive. She treats the whole person, not just a symptom. I highly recommend her and her practice.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
63	1	Dr DAvenas is wonderful. She is very kind and patient-centered. She is calm too. Lena the receptionist is great as is WEndy the tech. But, the best is Carol Tallon the NP. I love this practice.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
63	1	Great doctor. Delivered my baby - had some problems during delivery and she was absolutely wonderful.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
63	0	Her staff - both nurses and front desk - are wonderful and immensely helpful. 	5	3	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	Dr. Dana is the BEST doctor ever!  She is patient, honest, warm and extremely knowledgeable!  Best of all, she will not immediately prescribe a drug and then try to get you out the door.  She is amazing!! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
64	0	Quick to just pass on to other doctors/departments...no follow up. Very disappointed. 	4	3	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	Dr Dana took time to talk to me about a few things I inquired about,she was in no rush to get me out,she gave me a comprehensive check over,she is very good,I would highly reccommend her 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	We have been going to Dr. Dallos for nearly 12 years. My oldest is 11 and my youngest are 3 yo twins. Dr. Dallos is wonderful, and so is Michelle, the PA who works with him. I don't really understand the negative comments here. I find Dr. Dallos to be so patient, always willing to ask questions, and very down to earth about both medical issues and parenting. Michelle is totally knowledgeable also, and I'm happy to see her instead of Dr. Dallos when he's not available.    Our oldest son in particular had many medical issues when he was young. Severe asthma, febrile seizures, severe respiratory infections. There were times that I felt I was in the office nearly weekly. The staff is wonderful and so warm. Even after moving to a new house that's farther away from their office in Waltham, we have not changed doctors.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
65	-1	Dr Dallos may have been an average MD many years ago, but hasn't impressed us in past recent years! First of all, patients usually end up seeing his Medical Assistant who is not even an MD! Second of all, he misdiagnoses and gives out meds like no tomorrow. If you check his background on State site, there is nothing particularly great about his background. Thirdly, he is affiliated with Newton-wellsley Hospital, a hospital that many (including us) suggest people stay away from....many deaths years ago, and quality today (contrary to their ads) is not what we call good! Not sure how this guy was in his younger days, but not impresseda t all on him based on experience and that of others. 	2	3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
65	-1	He took the viral infection on my son's skin as eczema, and let infection developed alone. Even when I asked them (him and his assistant), they still insisted that it is eczema. Finally we went to ER, and stayed in hospital for a week. He and his assistant don't seem to have sufficient knowledge about allergy. They said Pulmicort should only be used when wheezing happened and with permission from them. While in fact Pulmicort is a preventative medicine. One off-hour on-call doctor of Dr. Dallos has very bad attitude, and she was apparently taking her time we my son's wheezing went very worse.  	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Tufts
65	0	Relies too much on medical aide and patients frequently stuck with advice from med aide. Also, not proactive enough... 	3	3	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	. excellent father-son team, true professional, knowledgeable, extremely helpful 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	Very caring and understanding.  Will refer to another MD readily. Great diagnostician.  Sometimes late but always takes his time with patients and is a great listener.  Is great with computer and covers everything necessary when doing annual physical.  Returns phone calls promptly.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
68	-1	This Doctor is highly intelligent but being a Doctor is not his priority.  He is out of the office more often than in and you end up seeing a nurse or a PA.  	5	5	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	-1	This &quot;Doctor&quot; is as arrogant as he is unhelpful. After a long wait, he couldn't seem to &quot;wait&quot; to get me out of there. I felt like he didn't hear a word I said, nor did he care. A complete waste of time, AVOID! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	Very affable and blessed with a good memory, Dr D'Ambrosio is a wonderful doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
68	1	 	4	5	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	doctor removed cancer from my eye in 2011 and you would never know i had it done i only can't thank her for doing the great job she did thank you mary daly .Peter Furrow 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	Dr. Dana was excellent as well as the staff at Sturdy Hospital.  She removed my daughters tonsils in Jan and both myself &amp; my daughter loved her.   When my daughter had a sore throat a month later Dr Dana had her come to the office an hour later!  Great experience I would recommend her to anyone! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
70	1	Excellent MD just very long wait time 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
71	1	Absolutely no complaints about skill as a physician or &quot;bedside manner&quot;. Both knowledgeable and kind. Practice has good and bad parts: somewhat difficult to get appointments for routine care, but easily available for urgent care and follow-ups.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
72	1	. Excellent physician! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
73	1	Dr DeAngelo is excellent in his field.Well educated, and is an instructorn in Medicine at Harved Medical School.He takes the time to explain your condition and is very througho in the plan to address the problem.His demenor in very kind and has a great sense of humor that puts you at ease.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tufts
74	1	I love Dr Di. She has been my Dr for more than 20 years, she never changes, she is always willing to listen and take time to talk about your issues. She has cured me of many things. If she doesn't know the answer, which is not often, she will find it for you. She never criticizes, she is one of us. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
74	1	Office is very unfancy and basic don't be fooled by the laid back space and deportment. I used to work in health care and started seeing her after I heard so many patients rave about her. She is an exceptional diagnostician -- really listens to patients - doesn't rush them. A person to trust.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
74	1	wonderful doctor! takes time to explain everything.  would definately recommend her.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
74	1	. she takes the time to discuss everything you want to discuss, i never feel like i'm being rushed to get out of the office so once in a blue moon she might run a little late but it's worth the wait, she doesn't treat you like because she's a dr that she's better than you, very down to earth, i recommend her to everyone 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
74	1	Excellent! Cares deeply about her Patients and is very accomondating.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
75	1	he is very knowledgeable in the field of knees and hips, he is honest and straight forward 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
75	1	Best Doctor I met. Very good surgeon. The best TKR with the computer assisted technology 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
75	-1	I had total knee replacement in 2002 from the doctor. I continuiosly had problems with my knee he basaiclly threw his had up at one point and gave up on me. While seeing a pain specialist at the hospital the specialist called the doctor and he said ( I refuse to open this mans knee back up ). I saw many more doctors and finally in 2007 found out why I was having all the problems. The replacemant he installed was 2 sizes to big. I have since had a revision and am now on my way to recovery.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Workers Comp
75	-1	Got an infection from this man, who said I was fine, 6 surgeries later by another surgeon who saved some of my ankle.  If I was the type of person to sue, this is the man who I see in court. He is not a physician, He should not be practicing medicine. 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
75	-1	This man did two surgerys for me and crippled me for life then tells me I will be fine in a couple of years He shrugs his shoulders and walks away!!Then I Find out im doing rehab with two other guys that got crippled from him to..  He should go to prison for the damage he causes!! 		5	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
76	1	Great Doctor. Very knowledgeable and patient. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
77	1	He's a friendly doctor, who asks you a lot of questions not only about &quot;what brought you in today&quot; but he also wants to get to know you as a patient. He had good referrals.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	-1	She was the worst Dr. I have ever seen.  She contantly told me stop as I was trying to explain my thoughts and to shut up if I said stuff she did not agree with.   She was rude and very unprofessional.   She told my husband on one visit with me to shut up and that he was aggressive.   I was yelled at multiple times for coughing and not holding two tissues the way she told me I needed to in order to be in her office.  She will not shake your hand because she is a germaphobe and very clear you are not to touch her door handle.   I would not recommend this therapist to anyone as she will only make your situation worse after a few sessions and clearly she needs a therapist probably more than you do.   DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME! 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	0	I wish I had never had a visit with this doctor. Useless and tardy can describe her the best. I have read the other negative comments listed here and agree. Do yourself a favor and seek help someplace else because you won't get it from her.  		1	5	1 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
78	-1	I am very unhappy about the few sessions that I had with this doctor, infact I feel she made my situation worse.  I agree 100 percent with the negative comments I read here and would not recomend her to anyone seeking help 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
78	1	Wonderful therapist! My husband and I saw her for marital therapy first. We'd been to other therapists in the past who just listened. She is a highly skilled therapist who knew when to just listen and when to interact with us and offer suggestions. She eventually got us to stop blaming each other,to instead look at ourselves and clean up our own individual behavior. She did this with warmth and humor, among other things. Therapy is VERY HARD. In the beginning I dreaded going because looking at myself was really challenging. It's easier to blame others. Both my husband and I came to look forward to these sessions. She made them safe and we both feel she helped us save our marriage. Eventually we went as a family with our kids for several sessions. She was GREAT there too.  We give her our very highest recommendation! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	-1	What a waste of money. At one point told me to shut up. Paranoid about germs. Made me sit away from her because I sneezed. When I asked for help with a specific problem that had become overwhelming to me, told me to suck it up. could have gotten more help at the bus stop. Avoid her like the plague. Others in the same practice are fantastic though. 		4	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
78	-1	Dardeck was the worst therapist I have ever encounterd in my life. She was more interested in ascerting her utopian ideals of 'therapy' opposed to attempting to work with me in a proactive manner -- her rigidity was off-putting. When I first met her, she said that was sorry that she could not shake my hand because she was trying not to get sick (I did not offer my hand to shake and was not sick)-- she should have not said anything at all. I wore perfume for the initial vists, it was only when I changed the perfume I was wearing on one of the latter visits that at the end of the session said that she was acutely sensitive to perfume, had to open her office window and that what I wore made her eyes burn even tho' it was 'nice': it's not good be contradicting in your behaviour if you are a therapist. Her tact leaves much to be desired. Do not seek assistance from this woman less wanting to feel more denigrated than before you saw her. She needs more flexibility, empathy and patience. 		4	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
78	-1	Clearly uninterested in her profession. Unable to assist multiple patients.  		2	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	-1	Used my sons session time to fill out her paperwork for her pay from insurance company instead of counseling him! When she did counsel she was useless.  		1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	1	compassionate, yet also expected me to participate in my treatment. Excellent! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	Excellent Cardiologist, knows his stuff.  I would highly recommend him 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
80	-1	Just interested in the insurance company; not my well-being.  Told me I wasn't in pain.  	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
81	0	I wanted to see Dr. Daniels after being operated for thyroid cancer.  I wished a second opinion.  Instead of seeing this physician, he turned me over to an assistant.   I found this most disappointing.  	3	4	3	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
81	1	Dr. Daniels was my daughter's endocrinologist when she was diagnosed at 21 with thyroid cancer; Dr. Daniels lived up to all I had ever heard about him, not only as an exceptional physician, tops in his field, but his compassion and sensitivity in dealing with my daughter during this difficult time sealed it for me. He is a caring, lovely man, who treats his patients as people during their most vulnerable time. He referred us to &quot;world class&quot; surgeon, and his choice was perfect. My daughter has had no further difficulties or recurrences in 5 years. I trust Dr. Daniels implicitly. Simply, the best! 	 11/9/11	4	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	Medical care and advice is excellent.  Making appointments is not efficient.  Often cannot make an appointment one year out while leaving an office visit, am asked to call back, answering service often answers.  Overall, not efficient.  Office should change their practices to allow patients to make appointments one year out while there.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
81	1	Dr. Daniels has consistently been very responsive and incredibly helpful treating my daughter and providing medical resources for her family.  I would not consider anyone else to be his peer for thyroid problems.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
81	1	Dr. Daniels has been treating me since 1995 and I wouldn't go anywhere else.  He is kind, always asks about my job, my overall health and my family.  I enjoy his sense of humor and appreciate that he took the time to conduct the biopsy himself insted of having someone else do it.  I believe he cares and trust him completely.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
81	1	I have been seeing Dr. Daniels for over twenty years. He is  extraordinarily knowledgeable and competent. He has always taken time to answer my questions.  He is indeed very busy.  I feel very fortunate to have him as my doctor.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Tufts
81	1	Gil Daniels is one of the finest doctors, I've ever seen. Aside from being a world- class specialist in thyroid disorders, he is warm, compassionate and always responsive to the patient's needs.  I've seen him for close to 20 years and always found him that wonderful combination of brilliant and kind Can't do better in this speciality! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
81	1	I have not seen Dr.Daniels in a few years, but am shocked by the poor reviews.  I saw him for ten years several years ago, and he was always kind, patient and sensitive with me, and I don't believe people's characters change. He was, and no doubt still is, very busy-one of the burdens of being the best in his field.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
81	1	His experience and skill makes Dr. Daniels a best choice for those with advanced thyroid cancer. 	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	I am not sure what others are talking about here, but Dr. Daniels is a wonderful doctor. He treated my late father for over 15 yrs and was VERY compassionate every step of the way.       Whenever my dad had to be rushed to the ER, Dr. Daniels would drop whatever he was doing to attend to the case. My father was hospitalized dozens of times and Dr. Daniels always took the time to visit my father.       When I had to make the final decision to withdraw life support, Dr. Daniels graciously accepted my call and even took the time to write my mother a letter to convey his sympathies. He was the ONLY doctor to recognize the donation we made in his honor after my father passed.       He's a class act and a brilliant physician. My family will be forever be thankful for all he did for my dad.      He is a very busy doctor, and perhaps this is why some have had trouble contacting him. His bedside manner is certainly better than some of the other MGH specialists. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	I don't know how anyone found Dr. Daniels cold & having no sense of humor..he is a quiet man but has a very funny, dry sense of humor, and he is also very caring and reassuring. He's one of the most knowledgeable and experienced experts on Thyroid disorders in the World, so it's a very busy office and that might lead some staff to come across as abrupt.. but Dr. Daniels or someone in the office has called me back quickly when I needed him, and I feel he really sees me as a person, not just a patient.  	4	5	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
81	0	Dr. Daniels took my case b/c it was unusual. But as far as getting back to me about blood test results- very, very, very slow. Secratary not the nicest &quot;gate keeper&quot;. Sometimes I think he may be so arrogant that he may miss something on my ultrasound. But his credentials are outstanding. 	2	3	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
81	-1	I called to see if I could get in to see this doctor and was told to fax all of my records to his office. I sent 21 pages along with a typed 2 page letter basically begging for help because of my thyroid symptoms. Secretary called me back and was the RUDEST person ever! All she said was &quot;based on your records, he can't help you.&quot; SO RUDE, no explanation, nothing. Don't waste your time trying to see him. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	Absolutely tops! I have been seeing him for ten years. I trust him so much that I fly to Boston (having moved to DC) to see him. He is thorough and considerate, and in contrast to a few of the reviews here, I find him to be delightful.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
81	1	Brilliant - the best in his field, I believe. Elitist&#63; I don't know about that but if he is, he has earned it. His bedside manner is always something that has impressed whomever has been with me in his presence. He is a big city specialist with probably thousands of patients and still he manages to take a minute to catch up on how I am doing as a whole person whenever I see him. The only reason I am giving him a '3' for Helpfulness is because when I call and leave messages it is tough to get a call back. I am sure if my messages were of an urgent manner (which they have not been) I would get a better response. I drive 90 miles to see him and I would drive further if need be. He is worth it.  		5	3	5 	Insurance:Aetna
81	0	Very intelligent, but skipped class the week patient relationships was being taught. Arrogant, rude, no sense of humor and worst of all NO COMPASSION!! 		4	1	5 	Insurance:Unknown
82	0	Dr. Darji seems to have an assembly line approach to patiet care,give this one a miss.  	4	4	1	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
83	1	Dr. Darrow changed my life, positively.  I respect his knowledge, skill and kindness.  A true gentleman and an excellent doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
83	1	After extensive research I chose Dr.Darrow because he is one of the top-rated plastic surgeons in Boston, ALL reviews on NUMEROUS websites are 4-5 stars, and because of his kind manner &amp; helpful/knowledgeable discussions with me &amp; my goals. I got a BA almost a month ago &amp; my results are beautiful! When Dr.Darrow expressed his concern about the cc size another PS suggested in a previous consultation, I knew that Dr.Darrow was the one for me &amp; actually cancelled my 3rd consultation with another PS right away! I travel almost 2hrs to see Dr.Darrow and he is SO accommodating to my work schedule &amp; travel distance EVERY time. I get many compliments &amp; continuously refer him to people. I'm so happy with my choice I can't say it enough. He is WONDERFUL! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
83	1	I have had a breast augmentation procedure done by Dr. Darrow, I was extremely pleased with the result. I wanted a natural look. Dr. Darrow listened attentively to my concerns and helped guide me in my decision to pick an implant and size that was right for me. Thanks to Dr. Darrow I now have breasts that are proportionate to my body size and feel more confident about the way I look! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
83	1	Dr. Darrow has performed several procedures on me over the years including a fscelift, eyes, tummy tuck, lipo and upper arm reduction.  I have always been more than satisfied with the results everytime.  I feel that he has easily taken 10 to 15 years off my appearance while keeping me very natural looking.  He is great! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
83	1	Dr. Darrow is very caring and thoughtful, he answered all of my questions before my surgery in great detail. I have had 3 procedures done by him over the past few years,all with outstanding results.He really takes the time to listen to what you want.I won't go to anyone else. Sincerely, Patty (Quincy) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
83	1	I went to Dr. Darrow’s office for my breast augmentation surgery consultation, I immediately felt at ease.  During this first meeting, he explained what every single step of the procedure would entail and listened to and addressed all of my questions and concerns, providing thorough and honest advice during the entire consultation. The result of this procedure was even better than I hoped for.The entire procedure was virtually painless. Everything from anesthesia to post-op treatment was seamless; even during post-op recovery, a nurse was by my side the entire time, and Dr. Darrow was always carefully observing every step of the recovery process.  When I returned home, the nurses, anesthesiologist, and Dr. Darrow called to check in on me every day for the following week.  Dr. Darrow and his team truly offer the most professional, personalized and through medical treatment I have ever experienced, and I would highly recommend him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	In the 17 months that I had been going there I never saw the doctor on time.  Average wait time was 30-45 minutes past scheduled appointment.  I spoke with many other parents and they all experienced the same problem on a continuous basis. There is no communication to the patient on when you will see the doctor. I finally switched practices after I waited an hour to see Dr. Davidson for a quick check of my son’s ears. I arrived on time for my appointment and was told once again the Dr. would be right in. After an hour wait I was first told by a nurse there was a patient before me in the room that they forgot about. I then spoke with the receptionist to get my co-pay back and she confirmed it was the patient before me that arrived late. This confirmed that the nurse just lied to my face.  This patient arrived 50 minutes late for her appointment but Dr. Davidson still saw her before me. I would strongly discourage new patient from going to this practice, especially if you have a newborn. 	2	1	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	Thanks to Dr.Daft and her team for getting my 8 year old in right away after her broke his front tooth. It looks perfect! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
85	0	referrals to others was choppy..lack of communication between her and other dentists, lost records etc... thinking twice.... 	3	4	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	Dr. Daft is an excellent dentist.  She provided veneers to several of my front teeth about four years ago and all continue to work well.  She is highly competent, delightfully loquacious and always upbeat.  Her practice with Dr. Stubbs is a good business model of how to run a small company right.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
85	1	She talked so much and so fast...without taking any breaths!!!! The only prob I had was that she did make some errors on my dental work, but she corrected them (just as another rater wrote on this board). But overall, I like her very much because she clearly is knowledgable in her field of study, and she cares about her patients. Apart from excessive verbiage, what a nice person she is! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	verrrrry talkative. And, sometimes has made errors fixing my dental work. But, was kind enough to admit to the mistakes, and corrected them. Extremely nice, and will talk to you about the process before, during, and after any procedure! 		5	5	3 	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	I would recommend Dr. Daman.  I had a routine pregnancy and a planned c-section but she was competent, personable and approachable.  I was always comfortable with her level of care.  	4	5	4	5 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
86	-1	Performed Novasure. Had severe pain months later. Found a great obgyn,she said I had severe scar tissue from Novasure. Had to get a hysterectomy. My new obgyn said she never performs novasure because of the risks.She only performs traditional endometrial ablation. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Daman for many years. I had an emergent situation and she followed my case with expertise. She discovered numerous issues that my primary was unable to find. She is caring, helpful, and very calm.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
86	1	Dr. Daman has managed two complex medical issues for me to perfection, one of which was emergent and life threatening.  Her calm, reassuring, friendly, and informative approach demonstrates her command of her specialty and shows she is in control of the situation, whatever it may be. 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	He is often running behind, but he never rushes you when he is with you. He is worth the wait. Very thoughtful and skilled.  	4	3	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
87	1	He is fantastic!  And his staff is great as well.  Unfortunately always running behind, but worth the wait.  	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
87	1	 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	I found Dr Deahl very friendly and his front desk staff very helpful as they provided me with my insurance information and explained it to me before I went forward with my dental work. His hygienist is really professional and they seem very focused on educating their patients.  	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
88	1	I have been going to Dr.Deahl for about 20 yrs.I can only say that he's an amazind Dr and artist.I have refered many friends to him over the yrs.and I've never been disappointed with refering him.Truly and artist in transforming your smile/image he has brought so much happiness to many patients.We love him! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Deahl for 5+ years.  He and his staff are professional, accommodating of my schedule and provide excellent care.  I HIGHLY recommend Timothy Deahl.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
88	0	This doctor was all about the money. On his recommendation, I had a series of fillings replaced. Then at the end when I questioned a charge for an exam I had which he had not discussed with me ahead of time, he became very rude, almost abusive. Would not go back. 		3	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
88	0	Don't go to this doctor if you plan on your insurance paying for it. Its not likely to happen. The dr. went ahead and did work and charged me heavily for it when I specifically said that I didn't need it. He was trying to make big money. No question about it. 		3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
89	0	http://fromyourdoctor.com/trevorkaye/health/biograph... 				 	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	Best Chiropractor in Boston! I am an athlete and Dr. Danchik has helped me through my injuries, diagnosing and treating me so that I gain relief faster than I would otherwise. I've seen physical therapist and orthopedists who do not have the same knowledge and approach that Dr. Danchik has. He is the real deal. I cannot sing his praises enough. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
90	-1	. very rude and sent me home to an unsafe enviorment walked out of the room with out suggesting any alternitives  Will NEVER go back to LGH 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
90	1	Dr. Danesh was extremely intelligent and treated me with respect. All I could ask for.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
90	-1	 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
91	-1	She is incompetent and should be avoided. She does absolutely nothing for you except for waste large amounts of your time. 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
92	-1	. i paid a lot of money plus time missed from work, and i still have problems that they can,t correct 	5	4	2	2 	Insurance:Medicare
93	1	Dr. Davekos helped me get my neck and back in line.  As a result of a car accident 6 months earlier, I woke up one day and couldn't move my neck.  It was my first visit to the Chiropractor and didn't know what to expect.  Dr. Davekos adjusted my neck and back and I was back to normal after a couple visits.  The message therapy was a hugh help too.  I'm a firm believer in Chiropractor's and visit the his office a couple times a year to get adjusted.  No more headaches, neck or back pain. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
94	1	Dr. D'Angelis is a good doctor and very knowledgeable, however, she's so full of energy when she sees you that she talks a mile a minute, and that makes you seem as if you're on an assembly line with her. Her bedside manner leaves a bit to be desired, and when calling her 24/7 service on a weekend in the morning,regarding a serious problem, it took her 8 hours to respond, NOT good. Bottom line, regarding an eye doctor, you can do worse.  	 8/8/12	3	3	4	Insurance:Medicare
95	1	Saw Dr Davis for over a year.  Very professional, personable, and friendly.  He never seemed rushed and completely explained the xrays and MRIs on the computer screen.  Original evaluation in April of 2008 showed torn meniscus in both knees.  He was cautionary and said it may work itself out, but to let him know if it was keeping me up at night.  After 3 weeks, I called to schedule surgery.  He convinced me to do both at same time and glad I did since I only had to go through 1 recovery--I run a Bed and Breakfast and need to climb many stairs.  It took longer than I thought, but with physical therapy slowly got back to my bicycling and swimming for exercise.  6 months into it, I was still struggling, but Dr Davis and staff were very patient and encouraging and renewed physical therapy.  Now, a year later, I'm very glad I had it done.  Can now kneel &quot;ok&quot; and getting back range of motion and no pain.  If I ever need an Orthopedic doctor again, Dr Davis is the ONE I'd see.  	 7/4/09	5	5	5	Insurance:Tufts
95	1	. thorough evaluation  and  very helpful 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
96	1	Sometimes I have had long waits for Dr. Dahl, but that is because takes the time to listen to questions from his patients.  I do believe that Dr. Dahl cares, he has a great bedside manner.  I have been going to Dr. DAhl for 20 years, now my husband and 3 kids have Dr. Dahl as their PCP.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
96	-1	Dr Dahl is a terrible doctor, steer well clear of him. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
96	1	Dr Dahl is a wonderful doctor.  He's worth waiting for. 	4	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
96	1	Dr. Dahl is a fantastic doctor. You may wait a while but when he gets to you he doesn't rush you. I feel comfortable asking any questions and he always explains answers.  Excellent doctor - been seeing him for about 10 years now.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
96	-1	We have waited for him a few times for over an hour in the exam room.  Once I had to leave because it was coming up on 1 15 minutes.  I complained about it, he apologized, but he really does not care.  He is also very unhelpful. 	3	1	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
96	0	He is to quick to get you out. He does not take time to answer questions.  		4	2	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
97	1	Dr Damiani listened, was very attentive and intelligent and diagnosed my problem and quickly and professionally.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
97	-1	Dr. Damiani is in my opinion a very bad doctor. I would not recommend him to anyone. He refused to listen to my concerns, he dismissed any issues I brought up with him and when I tried to share with him how I was feeling disrespected and unheard, he acted completely condescending and told me I had the right to a new doctor. What a way to keep your patients happy. I am now looking for a doctor, one who will treat me as a patient and person, not just a faceless paycheck. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
97	-1	This is the worst Dr I have ever had. He was condescending and down right rude to me. He told me I was crazy and had nothing wrong with me. I later discovered many things wrong. I had to talk him into testing my thyroid which turned out to be slow. I also had High Blood pressure which he gave me the wrong meds for.  I called to tell him it was not working (had a cuff at home, keeping a check on it), he said he would not change the med! I have a wonderful knowlegeable caring Dr now and I wish I had changed sooner! This dr ordered tests and then at my visit forgot he ordered them! Do not go to this dr! 	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
98	-1	went to this doctor after my pcp left the practice.i'm a recovering alocholic,and have c.o.p.d,and cysts on my spine,and the nerves in my back,which i was being precribed vicoden from my previouc pcp,this scrip was a 30 day supply thea lasted me 6 months.dr daly refused to refill it,because i have a history of alochol abuse.he made me feel like a drug addict,and suggested i was not in enough pain to need a medication that strong.my previous pcp,and my neurologist say diffrent.i would not reccomend this doctor to my dog.  	3	5	1	2 	Insurance:Medicare
98	1	Dr Daley has been my primary care physician for 5+ years. He is knowledgeable, takes the time to listen, and offers sound recommendations.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
98	0	Staff lost messages.  Staff very unfriendly.  A very difficult relationship with this doctor and his office.  I believe Dr. Daly is capable but the office is not.  	1	4	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
98	0	Staff loses messages, staff is difficult to work with and does not communicate well with Dr. Daley, or else Dr. Daley does not receive messages well.  Have seen Dr. Daley for 4 years, the relationship has been up and down over that time.  	1	3	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
98	1	Dr. Daley is always helpful and takes the time to lost and explain.  My son recently had an issue and Dr. Daley took the time to slowly explain the options, concerns and gave great sound advice.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
98	1	Dr. Daly has been my primary care physician for the last 5 years.  I recently moved out of the area and still come back to see him for primary care.  He is a quiet, soft spoken man but has always made the time to talk about my concerns and makes thoughtful, considerate recommendations.  I would highly recommend Dr. Daly as a primary care physician.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
98	1	I find Dr Daly to be an excellent Physician! Quiet but very respecful and always listens to my concerns carefully. I would highly recommend him to anyone. 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
98	1	. I have had this doctor for several years and he has always taken excellent care of me and my health issues 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
98	-1	This doctor has no people skills, is rude, belittles you and makes you feel like you are bothering him.  I would highly recommend not choosing him as your General Practioner.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
98	1	staff was helpful.  Dr. Daly was very knowledgeable.  Took the time to answer all my questions.  Did not rush me out the door.   The nurse practitioner was great, too.  	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
98	-1	. find someone else! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
