dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
6	1	 Dr. Udelson is undoubtedly the best physician I have ever dealt with in my life. He LISTENS, doesn't rush through by giving you all the time you need, inspires confidence with his experience and knowledge, and doesn't make you feel foolish by the questions you ask. Other members of the profession could take a lesson from him.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
7	1	commentsI'm only 14 and Doctor Upton is a miracle worker. I was born with a vascular malformation and I had massive pain in my ankle. Doctor Upton fixed that and make my calf appear more normal. Next week, I'm having surgery for him to fix my knee. I can tell it's going to be a success! 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	 Dr Upton is the most down to earth physician I have every dealt with.  My daughter was born with multiple birth defeats and has seen many many providers, not all good.  Dr Upton had all the right anwsers and know how for reconstruction of my daughters face.   He is the best!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	.  I am only 15 and Dr Upton has performed over 10 surgeries on my hands and feet because i was born with a condition called polysyndactyly i am havin another surgery this summer and you can't even tell that i had polysyndactyly he was a little late but was very thourogh when he saw me he used terms i understood and was very helpful 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
7	-1	commentsHe showed up **** for surgery.   Sometimes does not show up for inpatient surgery.  Let's resident without supervision do surgery. Lost malpractice case and Children's hospital  had suspended his license to practice for a 6 month period. Stay away from him. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	 This guy is what other surgeons aspire to be:hard-working,considerate and compassionate.Some drs are in it for prestige and money.Not this guy.This man actually gives a damn about his patients and takes cases others are afraid to.The 'Ted Williams' of hand surgery.Only downside is that he has 2 secretaries who are a bit abrasive.But you overlook them because he's the real deal.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	 I can not praise Dr Upton enough. Anyone with TOS who is having trouble finding a Doctor who understands the sydrome should make an appointment with Dr Upton. He improved my quality of life 100%. Dr Upton listens to you and answers your questions thoughfully and in terms you can understand. I will forever be grateful to him.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Tufts
7	1	 This guy saved my life. for real. I live in NJ and have been to 25 doctors over 8 years for my foot problem. By the grace of god I found Dr. Upton. I really owe my pain free life to him. He is the best and most professional surgeon I know.  		5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	 This man is a miracle worker. My son was born with a rare birth defect which caused him to potentially lose the funtion of his right limb. Dr. Upton performed an amazing surgical procedure. We consulted with several surgeons who said nothing could be done. His staff is courteous and professional. Sometimes, he runs behind schedule, but only because he is the best and he doesn't turn away people in need.  		5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
9	1	 Excellent care, knowledge and skills. Listen to patient's needs.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	-1	 I was younger mother and I believe that he had always looked down on me and talked to me like he had no respect for me.  	4	3	1	3	Insurance:TuftsPaid/Co-pay:$20
39	-1	commentsDismissive and arrogant at the end of the day on this particular Friday in October 2010. Was observed to be curt with staff, and flat our rude to a family member of a patient. There is no excuse for this. It would appear he is in the wrong business. 	3	3	1	3	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	 A dermatologist should have a patient strip down so that he/she can examine the entire body, since patients are not educated enough to know what is dangerous.  Dr.  Urato asked me what she should look at and that was all, except she did look at my feet on her own 	5	4	4	4	Insurance:AARP
88	1	 I see her frequently for Chron's disease diagnosis and find her easy to talk to, calm and professional, and very knowledgeable.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
88	1	 excellent doctor.   will go back 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
98	1	 Top Notch professional describes Dr Urbach and all his associated staff.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
