dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	-1	I had a Lifestyle Lift with him in Dec of 2007.  This Dr. was comforting and assuring prior to my surgery.  He called me when I wanted to cancel  with concerns that he was not Board Certified to do facelifts, and assured me that he had more experience in his ENT internship than plastic surgeons.    He  assured me that the “cocktail”  would make me sleep.  He saidhe would make “two small incisions in front of my ears”, when he cut my earlobes off and sewed them on.    Fact is, he didn’t seem concerned that I WAS AWAKE, sobbing and in pain throughout the first hour and 15 mins of my procedure.   I NEVER SAW HIM AT MY FOLLOW UP APPOINTMENT.  There was an inexperienced tech.   I filed a complaint against him with the medical board, and he answered  with excuses and lies.    I am tormented to know  he has his own COSMETIC SURGERY company. I  have heard from other women who have suffered. That was MY EXPERIENCE and this is MY OPINION ON HIM based on the facts as I experienced it!! 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
1	-1	Dr. Ishoo gave out my personal information to someone who is not in the medical community.  I received a call from Dr. Ishoo's lawyer asking if I am the one who wrote negative reviews about him online.  I was surprised to be getting a call in the middle of the day from a lawyer while I was with coworkers asking me about my liposuction procedure.  I thought my personal and medical information was all confidential. 	2	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	I had a mini face lift and vaser lipo to the thighs, abs, and back. I am only 3 weeks out and the results are just amazing already. I never thought I would do any of this but they were so professional and knowledgable that I felt completely at ease and comfortable. Great experience and amazing results.! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	Dr. Ishoo was my fourth consult for lipo surgery. His office is amazing and it was absolutely clear after the consult that he would be the best choice for me. Dr. Ishoo is an extremely skilled surgeon and a very caring physician. His staff handles everything from the intial consult through the post-op checkups with the utmost professionalism. Dr. Ishoo and his staff are willing to answer questions and address all concerns and problems completely--no matter how much time it takes. I had abdominal and neck lipo surgery at the Boston Cosmetic Surgery Center and I couldn't be more thrilled with the results. Dr. Ishoo's attention to detail is amazing. I am amazed with the results! I highly recommend both him and his staff. 	 9/28/10	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
1	-1	 	2	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	excellent 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	-1	Never on time, waited 2hrs last checkup. Bedside manner sucks! Condescending and somewhat arrogant.  	2	1	2	2 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
2	1	This Doctor is different from a lot of others I have known and been to.  He is really an old fashioned Doc who really has concern and compassion.  I really like him and I trust him 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	Dr. Iser has been my physician for 20 years.  Yes, sometimes you have to wait....this is, however, medical treatment and not fast food! Dr. Iser spends time with each patient.  I sometimes shake my head at the idiotic comments made by folks. If he rushed you you'd hate him with good reason.  There are more than enough physicians  and other professionals on the time clock treadmill.This guy cares and he the takes time to give you great treatment and advice.  It was during one of his extensive exams that he noticed something which, if left untreated (i'm a typical man who neglects and delays medical treatment) would have led to my early death.  Hence my reaction to whiny nit wits! The guy is a very, very good doctor.  I, for one,  will always be grateful to him for his terrific care. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	I have bee going to Dr Iser for 3 years now. THE BEST DR IVE SEEN. Not onlydid he squeeze me in that day - but no questions asked ordered me an xray - and a few days later STILL in pain - no questions - wrote a small prescription to help me sleep. Overall, he is knowledgeable, compassionate and caring. His knowledge allows him to see through WHO is looking for meds and who is TRULY in pain - a WONDERFUL Dr and human being. I wouldnt go anywhere else.  his staff is wonderful given the small nature of the office - Nurse is amazing - and sectretary is prompt, efficient and pleasant - GREAT DR!!! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	1	Terrible punctuality relative to appointments. He does seem knowledgeable, is very personable and friendly and has a good Dr's. &quot;manner&quot;. Like him as my Dr. but hate to wait for him...  	3	1	3	4 	Insurance:Tufts
2	-1	While Dr. Iser was nice when I saw him, his office is very unorganized and unprofessional. I came in to get a referral for tennis elbow. He told me to wait a month, then said I could have a referral. But then his office turned off their answering machine for several days so that the PT group could not contact them to verify the referral. Then his staff only authorized 4 of the standard 8 visits. When I called to find out what was going on, and how to fix it, the secretary yelled at me for not knowing how the referral system works, and for not got a paper referal that they'd never told me I was supposed to drive all the way to the office an hour away just to get. She then told me that they didn't work for PTs and the PT needed to fix her office's mistakes.  They've also, in the past, cancelled two of my three scheduled routine appointments on a few days notice, and rescheduled them weeks further out. Obviously, I am shopping for a new primary physician right now.  	2	3	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	-1	This guy sucks...his staff sucks...never answer the phone, months to get an office appointment. screwed up insurance I had to pay thousands because insurance would not pay for a test he ordered. save yourself...I was warned about this guy and went with him anyway...It was a mistake.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:AARP
2	0	This guy is an OK doctor...scheduling an appointment takes months...staff never answer the phone its always leave a message and we'll get back to you. I to was told to go to the E.R. for  routine medical treatment. or wait 5 days for an appoinment. I am looking for a new doctor. Im not higm maintance but this office is...Oh his staff should not be defending him on this site...we all know thats who's giving him high marks...  	1	2	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	1	had an 'emergency' appt after last reg. sched appt at 5:30PM, wasn't taken into a room until 10:15PM Dr didn't come into the room until 10:40PM.  He is an excellent Dr but has no consideration about his patient's time. He apparently allows patient to discuss other issues that had nothing to do with the reason for the appt and of course throws all the appointment times off. He is not the only one who's time is valuable.  His secretary hardly ever answers the phone, messages have to be left and if lucky I'd get a return call in 3 or 4hrs only to be told he could see me in a week or so.  Another time I called for an issue I was having, the secretary said he could see me in a week.  I'd asked if I could just stop by and take a peek to see if he would be able to do the procedure and had to pleed w/secretary to ask him, the answer was go to the hosp emerg rm.  I did and had out patient emergency surgery.  Maybe if he stopped the chit chat, he'd run on schedule. I only have high BP there.  	3	1	3	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	1	Dr. Iser is a wonderful Doctor.  Yes, you wait...get over it! This isn't fast food it's medical treatment. He is actually interested in his patient's welfare and takes the time to find out what your concerns are.  He actually noticed something with regard to my health which I needed to take care of before it would be too late. I will always be grateful...lovely guy...knowledgeable physician.  	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	-1	Terrible Doctor, used to be good. Treated me **** once. Some times he gets a God complex and will make you beg for a prescription you need. He should be terminated as a doctor and convicted for insurance fraud. Once had a physical scheduled for 3:00 that turned into 10:00. Had a diagnosed wedged disc in my back and was seeing my rhumatologist in four days and wouldn't give me anything so I suffered through the weekend in pain. My rhumatologist helped me out. Anyone thinking of this doctor should go elsewhere, he's not worth it.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
2	-1	It took about a month and a half for Dr,. Iser to suggest an MRI due to extreme pain in the lower back. There is a disc in my lower back that is protruding and is setting off the sciatic nerve. I have never been in so much pain. The first time I saw him about this he just sat in his chair asking me what I thought should happen. Isn't this why I made the appointment&#63; Apparently Dr. Iser thought the only reason I wqs there was to request pain medication. That was not why I was there and I have four years in recovery. I don't have any history of asking Dr.s for pain meds. I also asked him if he would write a letter to my school explaining my condition. I had straight A's up until that point. It is almost impossible to concentrate while going through that type of excruciating pain. He never wrote the letter. He suddenly woke up when my right knee was not responding to the reflex test. His license to practice should be terminated.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	1	Most of the time there is a wait but knowing that Dr Iser is your doctor makes the wait worth every minute (or should I say hour!) He never rushes you through a visit and gives you his complete attention and is very knowledgeable and compassionate. The staff is excellent and they are a great team. Wouldn't go to anyone else. 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	Gives you all his attention, all the time you need. (Hence the unpunctual rating.) Works with you, in your best interest. Very caring and knowledgeable.  	4	2	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	-1	Had appointment at 11 am...was told to come back at 4 pm...still waited 1.5 hours. How could he be 5 hours behind schedule at 11 am&#63;&#63;&#63; Mystery to me...  		1	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	-1	Dr. Iyengar does not listen to one thing you have to say. She refuses to keep me on medicine that Angela Giza had prescribed that's working for me. I will be switching Doctor's tomorrow. Going to see her is a waste of time and money.  	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	-1	Dr. Iyengar is a non passionate, uncaring, rushed doctor without the compassion for people that Paul Hart and Angela Giza provided to patients.  This practice has gone DOWN HILL since Dr. Hart left.  The only reason we patients stayed on is for to have Angela Giza as our health care provider.  DR IYENGAR rates an &quot;F-&quot; for patient care.  My son was seen by her for depression and her suggestion was to stop his current meds...no follow up, no treatment and a look of disdain on her face.  Our veternarian has more compassion than this woman.  	5	4	1	2 	Insurance:Aetna
3	-1	I have found her to be a very uncaring doctor, does not listen to the patient whatsoever.  Never looks at past history, assumes everyone is the same. I feel like I am being treated just like a number at her office.  I am since looking for a new doctor.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	-1	Gave this Dr. a fair chance but was not impressed &amp; I didn't want to wait for a medical emergency to assure good health care.  I have recently switch to another Dr.  	1	2	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	-1	This is the worst doctor I have ever seen. Pathetic bedside manor and has no compassion for her patient's needs. I would suggest that you seek any other doctor besides Dr. Iyengar if at all possible. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
3	0	We're giving this Dr. a chance after she tok the practice from our retiring Dr. Hart.  So far, not impressed.  I've found this Dr. to be slow getting back the the pt. with results and appears difficult to work with @ times.  	4	4	2	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	-1	More hurtful than helpful. I took 2 of my children to her, after our Dr. retired, one of them, my 20 yr old son showing signs of severe mental illness. She didn't believe me about his symptoms, and because he had no insurance (being recently discharged from the army for irratic behavior) she refused to give him any tests and prescribed anti-depressants..he subsequently tried to commit suicide the next day, and is now living in a facility for schizophrenics. I took my 14 yr old daughter yesterday,hoping to see Angela Giza, the PA whom we adore, but she was not available and we were desperate because she had crippling pain in her side, and couldnt move without crying out..Dr Iyengar dignosed menstrual cramps after about 3 minutes, and prescribed vicodin. She told me to take her to the ER, if it didn't get better because I would get better care there&#63;&#63; I'm taking her this morning.  	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Tufts
3	1	We also started to see this Dr. after our Dr. retired.  His were big shoes to fill & we miss him terribly so I feel that it will be hard for this Dr. to be rated fairly.  I saw her twice & found her to be interested, knowledgable & caring.   Time will tell but so far, so good! 	5	4	5	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	When my previous physician retired she took over his practice and find it hard to believe that he would let his practice go into someones hand that was not more than &quot;okay&quot; and he has a great rating on this site. We had an occasion to visit her and found her helpful and willing to work with us on our health issues.  While it is too early to decide fully we do trust our previous physician to have his practice fulfill his vision on health care. 	4	5	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
3	-1	Dr. Iyengar is not personable and does not consider previous Physician's Diagnosis when providing patient care.  I will Never consider her for future treatment. 	5	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
4	-1	Dr. Ioli,especially at B and W, is rushed and impatient, at least with me. He proposed a treatment plan after I was refered to him by my long-time PT who knew my injury and works closely with him. After the second thing didn't work,instead of moving on to the third, he told me to get a &quot;second opinion&quot; (it was my 4th or so and he was told this)and that I didn't have Plantar Fascitis because my MRI was negative--despite him having the MRI since the first visit and treating me for PF that whole time. he did not offer me the steroid shot we had planned, and in my dismay I did not ask. I asked him if I could at last try at home the other of the two things he had planned for treat ment (to wear a boot cast) before going to ortho because that ortho does a treatment that was risky and insurance did not pay (ie I had said I wanted to try that treatment last). I felt abandonned by Dr. Ioli. I had a mundane thing just chronic.  I think he did not want to treat chronic PF, it was boring to him. 	4	4	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
4	-1	very late. terrible bedside manner,spends very little time with you-gave me the rush job big time,arrogant 	5	1	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	-1	I had a appointment with Dr. Ioli who refused to see me because I did not have my $15 dollars co-pay.  I rushed over to make it on time to this appointment and left my purse on my desk and was told that if I don't have the money to pay then I cannot be seen.  I have never heard of someone refusing to give you medical care because you don't have your copay.  I really never got a chance to meet Dr. Ioli and as far as I am concerned really do not care to meet him.  I am so not letting this go and I feel if Brigham and Women's Hospital calls this okay medical treatment then I will find care else where.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
5	1	Dr. Ingard is the best.  I have been seeing him for 15 years.  He is extremely thorough and does not hesitant to send me to appropriate and excellent specialists when necessary.   I feel lucky to be in his care 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tufts
5	1	My husband has been a patient for almost two years now. He feels extremely comfortable with the dr (and even asked about some very private medical issues he was experiencing - he was too embarassed to ask other drs).  I'm happy he found someone he can trust - I need my husband around for many more years! 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	I have been going to Dr. Ingard for 20 years and find him to always be kind, compassionate and extremely knowledgeable. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	-1	Went to him, because I was having recurring dizzy spells. His response was, &quot;So, why are you here&#63;&quot; 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	The best eye doctor ever I've ever had an eye exam with. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	-1	. Not, a good dentist - I would not go back to see him! Does not explain certian things and very rude 	4	2	2	1 	Insurance:Aetna
8	-1	I had to rate Dr. Isaac down because of my latest experience with him.FYI he doesn't practice as an Internist;he's a Physiatrist and (back) pain specialist. He'd been my Dr. for 5 yrs, he'd treated my chronic back pain well and I found him compassionate/empathetic. However, recently I had a (diagnosed) foot injury which made it harder to manage my old back injury, so I came to him on my own initiative to ask for advice on managing both. He was ok in my appointment (except in saying to change antidepressants!) but I later got his note and it was as if it was not of the same visit. In the note he addressed things he did not discuss with me...he thought I had some chronic pain syndrome because I had multiple injuries and had been upset. He wrote the note TO a podiatrist as if I was refered by him-was not. I had told him I had a diagnosed foot injury, he expressed doubt.I'd filled out the pain diagram wrong and had told him, and why, he did not listen. I felt not heard, not believed. Very upsetting. 	4	4	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	I came in with excruciating pain, I left without it.   What more can I say&#63; 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	1	Dr. Isaac is incredibly efficient, without sacrificing empathy. I''ve been consistantly pleased with my care. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	 	4	1	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
9	0	I would not recommend this DO for any of my friends or family members. She is too businesslike and not personal. She did not introduced herself to me when we first met so I have to ask her how she would like to be addressed and for my yearly follow-up appt. it was my assumption that she and I would go over my blood test result because her staff did not send me the results, but she refused to talked it over with me reasoning that she has another appt waiting for her and does have time. During my PAP test, she did not ask to see if I want her to leave the room while I am undressing....so I feel obligated to undress in front of her (granted that I could've asked her to leave the room ...wont make that mistake again). I felt rush throughout my visits and some of my questions or needs are not met. She is knowledgeable and helpful answering my questions.  	2	5	1	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	1	she is by far one of the best and most compassionate doctors i have ever been to 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	-1	This Doctor is COMPLETELY UNTRUSTWORTHY he performed AN UNNECESSARY SURGERY THAT DISFIGUARED MY BREAST! Dr. Iglehart told me during my surgical consultation he was performing a breast surgical biopsy. HE DID NOT perform a surgical biopsy he instead performed a PARTICAL MASECTOMY WHICH DISFIGUARED MY BREAST.    During my appointment I asked a bunch of questions about the cosmetic results. He told me that I would have a scar and THAT WAS IT. He also said that the surgery was necessary because of the pathology! Pathology reported THAT ALL I had was a PROBAL FIBROADENOMA (completely harmless). SO THIS SURGERY WAS NOT NECESSARY. Then When I told Dr. Iglehart how upset I was He said it was unacceptable to call him about this he told me to “put IT in my bra and not look at IT”.  Nine months later I am in the process of getting reconstructive surgery; I am only posting this personal experience in hopes that NOT another living soul has to go thought what I went though by this Doctor. 	 7/16/11	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	He is my PCP for 4 years now, always helped me with my minor problems. He is polite, friendly and funny with good bedside manners.Staff is friendly and polite and always helpful with my refills.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	I am in a different state now, pregnant with my fourth child. Dr Iannessa was my OBGYN when I was pregnant with my first child, born over 6 years ago. There is a reason why I cannot remember the name of the Dr who delivered my baby, and that I can only remember the name of Dr Iannessa. He was very helpful and very caring, and really made a difference in my life and that of my daughter who just celebrated her 6th birthday. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	Dr. Irons is an amazing Dr. I have been her patiet for about 12 yrs now and I have recently been having problems with my health. She does not ake me feel guilty for seeing her, she makes me feel like I did the right thing. She also treats you with the utmost respect that you deserve as a patient. She is also very knowlegable, not only in her own specialty but she recognizes when she does not know and sends you to someone who a) knows Neurofibromatosis, the disorder she treats and b) is very good and caring.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	1	Dr. Irons is such a whole body doctor - she listens to parents, doesn't speak over you or dismiss you, explains well and gives referrals as needed for other followups. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	Great doctor with a great personality. I have known him for several years and he has been consistently great. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	-1	Dr. Ives was not my regular doctor but saw me when I had a suspected urinary tract infection. He not only did not give me a routine test for it, but said I might just be getting old (I was about 40) and suggested an unrelated medication. Within a few days, the UTI turned into a kidney infection, which was much more serious. I could not recommend him. Nice, but was not listening to me and had some preset idea of his own.  	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	I had the exact opposite experience with Dr. Ives as my on call doctor. I,too, called early in the morning. He was pleasant and amiable. Perhaps your reason for calling was trivial&#63; Dr. Ives was the most intelligent and helpful on call doc I have ever spoken with. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	Dr. Ives has been my internist for years.  He is thorough and a great diagnostician.  I've had a problem which was asymptomatic, and he was right on top of it, sending me for the appropriate test to find out what was going on.  He has gone to bat for me  several times as well when I had a problem with insurance and/or other providers.  He has my complete trust.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	Doctor Ives in the best Doctor I have ever found! I never went to a Doctor before I found him. I've been seeing him since 1995. I have my whole family with him now.  We wouldn't change Doctors for anyone! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
17	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
17	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
17	-1	No staff. She works herself. Has been VERY late (15  min.  to over an hour) each time I came in 	3	1	1	2 	Insurance:Aetna
17	-1	. terrible patient experience, poor professionalism, poor ethical standards, periodontal work was okay but not the best 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
18	1	Dr. keith Isaacson treated me for Infertility and he's a very good doctor.I was under medication for 4months and got pregnant. He would patiently listen to us and gives us an opportunity to discuss different ways of getting Infertility treated. The staff were execellent and very timely. I wish he was my OBG too but he doesnot handle OBG anymore. Never had an issue with appointments and wait time. 	5	4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	I have been a patient of Dr Isaacsons for over 15 yrs. I was referred to him when I could not conceive b/c of severe endo. I went through my first cycle of ivf shortly after surgery. I became pregnant and delivered a healthy baby girl. She is now 15 yrs old.  I still see him yearly and would absolutely recommend him to anyone! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	1	I went to see him for hysteroscopic adhesiolysis of Asherman's Syndrome scar tissue.  He was fabulous.  Soft-spoken.  Quiet sense of humor.  Definitely knows his stuff, and keeps the patient in the loop.  He wanted me to actually SEE that I hadn't been imagining my symptoms, and had me look at the monitor to see the scar tissue that he was about to remove.  It took a couple months to get into the practice.  Some of his support staff can be difficult, but once you're &quot;in&quot;, it's much easier to reach him or to make another appointment.  	2	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
18	1	I saw Dr Isaacson for treatment for endometriosis/infertility after seeing many other docs in the Boston area, drawn by his reputation as a surgeon. For patients like me - advanced disease where none of the options are very good  - he is superb. He explains options in a data-driven manner (i.e., the statistics on various outcomes - he is extremely knowledgeable and up to date) and prompts the patient to think through what will be best for her (and her husband).  He is great at asking questions that can help you sort through a decision tree to decide what is &quot;best&quot; for you and your husband in a difficult situation.  He is very respectful of women's ability to know their own bodies and therefore to know when there is a serious problem - he listens to patients and is *never* patronizing or glib. And if it gets to the point you need surgery, he is a gifted surgeon.  He's the best! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	1	Dr Isaacson and his staff have been wonderful. They are doing everything they can to help me be able to get have another child. He takes the time to answer questions, never makes you feel rushed. I highly recommend him to anyone who is in need of help of conceiving a baby.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
18	-1	What I learned from someone he works with and wanted to remain nameless, he is considered a great surgeon, but she told me that the reputation is based on that. As someone else wrote, &quot;besides his bedside manner,&quot; which he is not true, but every time we go to see him, we come out there feeling our chances are hopeless. We asked him about another medication other than clomid, he didn't know, couldn't find it in his book. We asked him what insurance he was suggesting we use than we what we have, he thought it was one company, but couldn't remember, told us someone would call. No one did, so we did. They told us there was no such company, he must have been confused. We call the nurse's line often, but they always argue what he has told us to do (he told me after surgery to go ahead and try right away to conceive, and our nurse told us No! you must wait to heal!) I'm amazed that he has continued with good ratings, is he is burnt out&#63; The office has lost any caring feeling it ever had.  		1	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	1	The highest quality of care I have ever recieved. Always there when needed. Always explains things in terms anyone could understand. My husband is amazed at the knowledge of Keith. After surgery he explains everything not only to the patient but to my husband as well, right down to explaining and showing us both pictures of before and after with full explanation of what took place in the operating room. Kieth is the Best of the Best! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	Restores my faith in humanity. A kind, truly caring woman.  	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Aetna
19	1	. the best 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	0	This Doctor does not believe you when you tell him of your problem.Feels you are a complainer only later to find out your complaint was very legitimate and treats you as an underling Does not show respect to his patients. Does not expain procedures well! 	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
20	1	. very knowledgeable, forthright and honest, extremely well qualified and highly recommended by other patients 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tufts
20	1	I believe Dr. Iorio to be one of the best Drs. I have had the pleasure of dealing with.  He is extremely knowledgeable and I felt he was genuinely concerned for my well being.  He did my hip replacement and did an amazing job and will be doing a knee replacement for me in the next month and have all the confidence in the world that it will be just as successful. I highly recommend Dr. Iorio as an orthopaedic surgeon.  I strongly disagree with the negative assessments posted on this site. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	-1	This surgeon was extremely rushed, didn't take the time to properly examine me or take my history, and despite the fact that I was a very complicated case, he immediately misdiagnosed me, suggested surgery, gave me a pamphlet, and showed me the door. There was no discussion; he seemed uninterested and dismissive. His diagnosis was completely and totally incorrect, and my medical issues were resolved by another surgeon. He was cold and very unapproachable. I would never recommend this doctor to anyone. 	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	Performed knee replacement surgery on me.  It was a complete success and I was back at work within 10 days.  He was open to suggestions about how to make entire process better for patients and has instituted some changes.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
20	-1	Saw him twice for issues with both knees. He rushed through appointments, didn't offer any help beyond two sets of ill-fitting and very unhelpful braces, and became very condescending once he'd made up his mind that I wasn't a surgical case. Don't recommend him at all. 		2	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	Dr. Iseke is an excellent physician!  Knowledgeable and helpful he is very calm for an ER doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	1	she is the best nephrologist that i have seen..  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	1	is a very very smart woman! however is confusing at times. 		2	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	very competent and professional. Nurturing and genuine.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tufts
24	1	I've had Dr. Imam for the past 7 years. He is an absolutely amazing man and has helped me through neumourous problems. I've never had a problem with his additude. He's very caring and always remembers everything I tell him. I trust him with anything, and I'm never afraid to discuss even the most embarassing things to him. I recommend him to anyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
24	1	Dr. Iman has been very helpful in the many visits I have had over the last 3 years. He is thorough and takes care of his patients.   I highly reccomend him! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Tufts
24	1	Excellent doctor. I have 3 people folowing him already 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	-1	i have just left his office angry for the last time i am not a computer i am a person he is so fast and so demeaning i do not know how people would ever trust him.  he did not even look at me only his computer wow i am not even sure he had my chart in his hand beware anyone in pain he does not take his oath to do no harm seriously shame on him 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	-1	Dr. Imam is rushed, rude, condescending, inconsiderate, doesn't explain or listen thoroughly and doesn't seem to care.  I changed my PCP because of the experience I had with him (& because of the travel time) and didn't really want to because Dr.  DERN is my PCP and has been since litteraly the day I was born but I didn't want to have anything to do w/ Syed Imam (but he is still the secondary reason to location) 	5	4	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	I have addison's disease and was unemployed. He took me and made an exception to bill me at a later date for my visits. I've had this disease for 10 years and he is the first to explain reasons to take my medicines and what the disease is about. Would recommend. 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	Takes the time to answer questions. flexible funny, and caring.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tufts
27	-1	I am addessing a Nurse practitioner he has at his Yarmouth office.If you question her on anything she is explosive&doesnt; call in your meds.I believe this might be considered Patient abandonment.Many patients have left.Stay far far away.  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Medicare
27	-1	Would NOT recommend to my worst enemy's dog! Especially if your female!! I had bronchitis he misdiagnosed said I &quot;didn't know how to blow my nose&#63; I'm 45yrs old! I than pneumonia 2 yes later again he said the above quote I end up on hospital the next day! Then had a MRI form a disc they said I had a large cyst on my spleen he told me was NOTHING. I now have severe spinal pain, an enlarged liver, high blood pressure and need emergency surgery!' PLEASE Don't go to him...  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Tufts
27	1	Here is a Doctor that calls you no matter what the hour to check up on how you are. No 9-5 for him. Staff is best I have ever met. They care as much about you as Dr. Insley does.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
27	1	The genial and intelligent doctor is superb. Understand, please, that I HATE going to the doctor for the checkups and physicals. But this guy knows his stuff, takes his time, and generally deserves the highest praise. The people of Chatham have a gem of a doctor. Bravo.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	1	I have seen Dr. Iacono for my foot, back problems, and ankle problems. He and really cares about his patients and spends time with them. I want to clarify something on some of these doctor review websites. There are two Dr. Vincent Iaconos--one in North Easton, MA and one in Warwick, RI. I think that at times there has been some confusion about this and some reviews end up being posted under the wrong doctor. Please make sure that you are reviewing the correct doctor.  	 7/1/11	4	4	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
28	1	I have been under Dr. Iacono's care for arthritic conditions in my neck, knees, and wrists.  I have found him to be very caring, taking time to explain my condition by going over my Xrays with me and showing me on model equipment what is how the joints function.  After receiving joint injections, I have been able to proceed to work with no pain from the injection and no after effecxgsw.  I haver always felt that Dr. Iacono sees me as a person and not simply a case file.  I have a deep respect for Dr. Iacono and his judgment. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	-1	 	1	5	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	very caring,compassionate   accurate diagnosis,follow up too   highly recommended 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	Excellent psychiatrist.  I had been to another psychiatrist for PTSD and was not getting much better. Dr. Ikeda got me doing much better shortly after I began seeing him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
30	1	Dr. Isselbacher is one of the best docs I've ever had. She is very smart and loves learning more - so if I bring her info to read she is very interested in doing so and discussing it as well. I get the feeling that she genuinely wants to help me. Her medical assistant is awesome and helps facilitate communication with other offices and handles insurance issues as well. 	5	4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	Hadn't seen a dentist for ages, needed a lot of work. Dr Anu was patient and affordable.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
31	1	Good experience. Very helpful and comforting to people with dental fears. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	This doctor is very nice. Takes the time to listen.The staff are the best.I`m sure you`ll like him. This doctor and his staff are high five!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	Very caring and completely thorough on examination.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tufts
34	0	Dr's now in La Jolla Ca.Should have been a coroner with his personality. Acts like it's almost beneath his dignity to deal with you. Arrogant. Will not explain anything unless you ask.  	4	4	2	3 	Insurance:Aetna
35	1	He's been my primary care physician for many years. He takes plenty of time to discuss things; I never feel that he's rushing me out the door. He knows his stuff, too. I feel very confident in his ability.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	1	I love my doctor! Dr. Ingram is very patience and have good communication skills. He doesn't rush you even if he is in a rush! He is the best doctor I ever have. Take his time to listen and his diagnostics are very accurate. Thanks Dr. Ingram, I wish all my doctors were just like you! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	After being treated by another dentist on the North Shore that I was unhappy with I began searching for a new dentist. Dr. Iocco was referred to be by a friend and I couldn't be happier. Dr. Iocco's staff is top-notch. All of them are professional, friendly, and compassionate. I also appreciate that they are always running on time--a rarity these days. Dr. Iocco is a wonderful man--great at what he does with a wonderful bedside manner.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tufts
37	-1	.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	1	This doctor seems kind and caring, also knowledgeable. However, she isn't the best listener. She frequently interrupts you, sometimes drawing an incorrect conclusion. You have to stop her and make sure she hears what's going on. Needs to work on the listening skills.  	4	3	3	4 	Insurance:CIGNA
39	1	Dr. Ingraham is a fabulous doctor. Very thorough and extremely kind. I would recommend him to anyone.  Love him !! 	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	1	Great doctor. Very calm. Very knowledgable. Gives you a written report of the visit. Without a doubt I would recommend him. A very caring doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
39	1	I love this guy- he did 2 separate colonoscopy's on me. Good sense of humor- i feel  relaxed with him, a really decent guy, office is good people- calls my cvs with meds when they call his nurses. they are all great at his office.  totally trust him with any family member 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
39	1	He is just a great doctor.  will answer all of your questions so you understand. He is very caring and professional.  Have all the faith in the world in him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
39	1	He has performed colonoscopies on me for over five years and is very thorough. He saved my life in 2007 by removing a potentially cancerous growth.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	1	HE IS VERY UNDERSTANDING AND WHEN HE IS SEEING HIS PATIENTS ITS LIKE YOUR HIS ONLY PATIENT. hE IS VERY GOOD AND COVERS ALL THE BASES.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
