dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
6	-1	commentsNot very helpful. Lacks compassion. 	1	1	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	 If you want to get well and not treat symtoms this is the doc for you.  Dr.LaCava has persisted in  getting my health back. If you want whole health instead of a myriad of diagnoses then go to him.  	4	4	4	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	0	commentsDr. Lacava has the personality of a 2&quot;x4&quot;...he doesn't talk and treated me as if I was in a courtroom.  He didn't have any normal conversation as any doctor/patient does.  He comes across as being an ice cold individual and is a perfectionist. He is extremely smart at diagnosing, but has ice in his veins when it comes to being a freindly human being.  I will NEVER go back. 	2	4	1	4	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	 I think the Dr. LaCava is a excellent doc. I travel quite a ways to see him and would recommend him easily. I have had chronic dibilatating illness for 4 yrs and he has brought me more relief than any other doctor I have been to for the condition. Getting well is not cheap or easy and he does expect you to do your part. He is difficult to communicate with but diagnosis was quick, accurate and thorough. Many tests have revealed a lot of information but finally I am heading in a good direction and feel that I will be well again someday.  	5	4	4	5	Insurance:Tufts
7	1	 I suffered from one of the most common and easily diagnosable female ailments for years. I saw Ob/GYN, PCP, Endo; I nearly gave up. He spent 2.5 hrs w/ me our 1st apt. Diagnosed me instantly, as every symptom was classic. Although he ordered a multitude of blood tests, he treated me immediately. I found relief within weeks, for 5+ yrs of 'mystery' ailments. I've never seen anyone else since. He saved my quality of life, and I recommend him to everyone I know. He runs late sometimes, because he spends quality time with his patients; and he's worth it. I'm so grateful. He's a great listener, and I trust his judgement. He explains everything, and will continue to break it down further if necessary. He combines good-old-fashioned hands-on listening and compassion with his very current medical knowledge, and NEVER discounts an alternative/natural method. His respect for his patients' treatment desires results in great respect and relief. All patients should consider him.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$25
7	1	commentsI echo the sentiments brought forth in the first rating..in fact we also moved a great distance from Dr. Lacava as well and we remain patients(baby, son and myself). Both of my children have had health issues that began at birth and I myself have struggled with chronic issues as well that only Dr. L was able to help us with despite years of visiting other so called experts. I appreciate that Dr. L expects you to to be responsible and do your part in regards to your wellness...his manner could be described as abrupt, but we have never found him off putting. He is no nonsense with adults and straight forward, but highly supportive. with my children he has always been terrific..they love him and everyone on the staff. The ND Erin Morrissey is also fabulous..you can not go wrong with anyone at the clinic. I will be forever grateful to Dr. Lacava for giving my children a healthy start in life and for supporting our wellness choices. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	 Dr. LaCava is an excellent physician who uses a wide range of lab tests to determine the person's individual problem and treatment plan rather than attempting to apply out-of-the-box treatments based on a few clinical symptoms. Dr. LaCava is one of those rare doctors who actually tries to solve people's medical problems rather than just put band-aids on it.  While he can be occasionally abrupt to adults, he is always patient and engaging with his pediatric population. I really think he is a great doctor and our family continues to visit him even after moving a bit of a distance away from his office.  	3	4	4	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	-1	commentsOne of the nurses seems to be affected by patient body language and is upset very easily. Doctor has tendency to overwhelm patient with high priced tests and testing before delivering any treatment, if any. 	2	2	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	commentsCynthia was extremely knowledgeable and compassionate.  I would highly recommend her to anyone. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	 She is extremely thorough &amp; knowledgable. In order to maintain any ongoing prescription you are required to return to the office every 3 months for a checkup which if you have a job can be difficult to accommodate since the office doesn't run on time. She is very proactive &amp; addresses health issues promptly. I do feel very confident in her care. She does try and ensure reimbursement as another reviewer mentioned, but I can't fault her for trying to get paid for her work. Too many good dr's won't stay in primary care due to it. She spends plenty of time with her patient's which is a rarity these days.  	3	3	5	5	Insurance:Tufts
15	1	 Always have to wait at least an hour after your scheduled appointment time. But she's very knowledgeable and listens to get to the root of the problem.  	3	1	5	4	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
15	1	 I found the Dr to be very knowledgable and helpful, however I left her practice after my second appointment where I had to wait over an hour after my scheduled time to see her. Also I called her when I was sick once and she would not even talk to me because I was due for my physical the month before (my appointment was 2 weeks later which I explained to her) but she wouldn't talk to me about my illness because the last physical I had was more than 12 months before. If you have a reason to go more often than for your yearly physical, and you can wait, her knowledge and helpfulness may outweigh the problems.  	3	1	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
15	-1	 I left Dr. LaBarre's practice after a couple of years. Although very intelligent, I do not agree with the way she runs her practice. She nickels and dimes her patients. She charges the patient per prescription she writes (it is a couple of dollars per Rx) but it is the principle that matters to me. She also does not call in or fax the prescription(s) to the pharmacy. The patient must pick it up from the office and bring it to the pharmacy. This is extremely inconvenient as I (like most people) have to leave work to go to her office to pick it up. By doing so, she does not get &quot;paid&quot; for the prescription she writes. She was also fairly quick to prescibe drugs. She overreacts and wanted me (as well as others I know) to keep returning to the office every three months for blood pressure checks. She does not believe in white coat syndrome (blood pressure going up in a doctor's office due to anxiety). I got the feeling that her finances were more important than hy health and well being.  	3	4	1	1	Insurance:Tufts
15	1	comments 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	 He diagnosed my testicular cancer and performed the orchiectomy.  He and his staff were awesome.  Very professional and helpful.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
23	1	 My partner had aggressive Stage IV DLBC lymphoma and was very ill when we were referred to Dr. LaCasce. Dr. LaCasce has been absolutely wonderful -- great communication, caring, follow up.  We have had some complications with some of the drugs, and Dr. LaCasce's expert knowledge is apparent as she has handled these crises brilliantly.  She is also honest and provides balanced, yet hopeful, information.  The staff and nurses love her too, which says a lot about how she treats people!  I would recommend her 100% without hesitation.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	 Dr. Lacasce is, quite obviously, brilliant and an expert in her field. What sets her apart, however, is her &quot;bedside manner.&quot; She is articulate, thoughtful and concerned. She follows up, personally. I would not hesitate to recommend her, and the Center of Excellence in which she practices, to my dearest friends and family members.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	 If you are looking for an Oncologist in the Boston area I highly recommend Dr. LaCasce.  I have never met a doctor that has been as accomodating, understanding, and personable as she is, truly a diamond in the rough.  Always available to answer questions, to walk you through what's going to happen, and part of a great staff at DFCI.  I've been in remission 5 years, and I still make a habit of corresponding with Dr. LaCasce every now and then.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
23	1	commentsWhen I first met Ann LaCasce I was dying of stage 4 Lymphoma and had a snowballs chance in hell of surviving. Her knowledge of treatment and attention to detail is the reason that I am sitting here typing this today. She worked closely with my wife to manage my medications and chemotherapy to make sure that I would come out of my illness as healthy as could be expected. It is always a pleasure to see her. I have been cancer free for 2 1/2 years to date. Thank you Ann! Youre a very special person. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	 He saved my life in more ways than one. I thank him everyday for giving me a new on look on myself and my life. Thank you Dr. Labow.  	3	4	5	5	Insurance:Tufts
24	-1	commentslove the Dr, not hapy with head secretary 	2	2	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	 I have had Dr.LaBaire for 15+ years and have found her her &amp; her staff to be timely and professional. I recently needed to obtain a physician for my 16yr old granddaughter, and the staff walked me through the process and ultimately was able to take her as a patient. I would definitely recommend Dr.LaBaire.  I am a Registered Nurse 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
34	1	commentsDr. Labaire is the first doctor that I've ever had who is on time with her appointments. I have never been left waiting.She and her staff are a 10! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	commentsDr. Labaire is very thorough each time I am there, as is her staff. I am never kept waiting, and she spends a considerable amount of time going over everything with me. If she was accepting new patients, I would highly recommend her! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	 Julia is a fabulous psychologist; she has helped me through some very challenging times.  I highly recommend her.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
47	1	 BEST, BEST, BEST midwife ever. She was there every step of the way and helped me with anything i needed. She was the one to be there for delivery, but she was off shift the second half of labor. I would recomend her over and over to everyone.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	-1	commentsThe doctor was unfriendly, unhelpful, and did not understand me and my problems.  After a good number of sessions I realized it was not a good match and left.  I would not recommend her to any one I know. Upon trying to discuss this, she was short with me and distanced herself from the reality of our sessions. 	1	5	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
49	-1	commentsI was in labor from an early morning Monday and had a day time doctor (male) who was very nice and let me take my time with my labor. (I was doing a complete natural birth) As 4pm rolled around, Dr. Lacy was the new doctor for that shift. She recommended my water be broke since I was 10 cm dilated and my body was not breaking the water itself. I agreed. When she broke the water she noticed the baby passed his first stool and precautions needed to be made to suction is nose/ mouth.  My next contraction I pushed once and the babies head popped out. The nurses were yelling for the doctor to come and she was no where to be found. They were yelling at me not to push when the baby was already out!!  I was in so much pain because of the natural birth and my body automatically pushed the baby out! Dr Lacy only came after the birth!!  I stressed my concerns of leaving the cord and placenta attached to deliver naturally. She didn't listen. She was rude and demanding and went against my wishes! 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	 I met Dr. Lacy after finding out she was scheduled to perform my c-section. Since she was new, and I had never met her, I was a little worried about her performing my surgery. I booked an appointment, and upon meeting her I could not have been happier about her being my doctor/surgeon. She is wonderful, takes her time, answers every question you have -- and if she can't answer it, she finds and asks someone who can (this was in regard to a hospital policy, NOT an obgyn question). She is young, but has an &quot;old-school&quot; feel to her -- she called me herself to check up on me post-partum. Not a nurse. Not an assistant. She herself. Every time I have an appointment she breezes into the room with a big smile and a hug. It's almost like chatting with a friend. And she takes the time to talk with my precocious 4 year old as well. She's a wonderful doctor and I couldn't be happy with the care I received during my pregnancy, my surgery, and routine visits.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	1	 Dr. Lacy is VERY kind and listened to all my concerns for surgery. This was my first time meeting her and i am impressed by her knowledge and ability to explain my situation.  I felt VERY comfortable talking with her and she is VERY compassionate!!! I highly recommend her and the Crown OB/GYN facility.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
49	-1	 Dr.Lacy is has bookish knowledge. I don't think she has the experience that other OBGYN's have in the practice. I went to her once and will not be seeing her again. She is very rushed and did not take any notes of how I felt or what I said during the appointment.  	5	2	2	2	Insurance:Aetna
53	1	 Fantastic Dr. Kids and Husband love him and feel very confident and comfortable with him.  	4	5	4	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
53	-1	commentsNurse staff was tardy on two different occasions by 45 minutes. Very demeaning attitude towards patient. 	1	1	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	 Absolutely the finest primary care physician you could ask for.  		4	5	5	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
53	1	 Harlow is considerate and completely open, answers all my questions. I trust him unequivocally.  		5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
53	1	.  The absolute best doctor I have ever brought my kids and myself to! I trust him impicitly with my childrens health and wellbeing 		5	5	5	Insurance:TuftsPaid/Co-pay:$15
58	1	 Dr. Laage was a great help to me. Never so any temper only kindness and help in resolving my issues. Never pushed any drugs of any kind on me.  I highly recommend him 	3	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
58	-1	 My diagnosis changed repeatedly with suggested medications changing just as quickly. Had rare if any insights. Has a temper.  	1	5	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
58	1	commentsDr. Laage, in psychiatric parlance, is very, very, passive agressive and not impartial.  don' recommend him 	2	5	2	5	Insurance:Unknown
58	-1	commentswas quick to push medications as the first result. never offered anything of any real use. was always on time and flexible. 	1	5	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	 awesome doctor. he is the best.  		5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	1	commentsShe is the best podiatrist at Umass memorial!!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	 I have never liked going to the Dr's. but after I went to see Jennifer Labor a month ago I felt very at ease. She is very patient and kind and she does not treat you as a number. She gives a lot of advice to help with your situation. Now I do not mind going to the doctors.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$10
66	1	commentsVery, very, very nice person with an extreme amount of patience. Very good at explaining things, very knowledgable. Is good about getting back to you. Always on time. I feel very comfortable telling her whats going on and knowing that she'll listen. I wouldn't dream of seeing anybody but her. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
72	-1	 We went in for my son. She spent half the time talking about herself, the wedding she went to etc. She never got down on the floor to play with my son. She put him in a chair with a metal rod across his lap and asked him to perform We are talking about a 24 month old. 6 months after the evaluation, we still didn't have the written evaluation. Big waste of time. Very unprofessional.  	5	2	1	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
85	1	commentsDr. Lach is wonderful. I was referred to him from my friend who had a breast reduction and lift. I had old saline implants taken out and new silicone put in. He called several times to check on me and was very concerned with my recovery. I have referred him to other friends and they have the same opinion of him. I had a bad experience with another plastic surgeon prior to this. He eased my fear and has become a wonderful friend. 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	 Dr. Lacro is very thorough in his assessment and confident in his diagnosis.  I appreciated the time he spent in patient education and  answering questions.  My son and I left his office with full assurance that his symptoms were accurately diagnosed.  We never felt rushed or that our questions were less than important.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Tricare
98	-1	commentsHuge money. No help. After 5 min with my general practitioner I was able to accomplish what I couldn't do with Dr. Laffer in 4 sessions totaling over a thousand dollars. Save yourself the trouble. 	3	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
99	-1	 All this women did was judge me and make false accusations, not even helping Me for the reason i was there was was severe back pain. I would advise anyone that is in pain to stay far away from her cause she will focus on everything other than the pain you are dying of.. when she finally got the results it was all about I am so concerned and here have pain medication. Alittle to late cause I won't ever go back there. It compared to dying on the street and everyone just walking over you thinking you are making up the pain you are and have been experiencing. It's very depressing that there are so many of these medical practitioners out there that will pass judgement on you and refuse to help one and then they find out that everything we told them was the truth and then they want to act all caring. I finally found the best caring doctor with the most caring staff . They don't look at you for the pain meds you have to take for chronic pain.  They look and treat you like human beings:) 	4	1	1	1	Insurance:Medicare
