dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	He addressed all my concerns about anesthesia. I had a great experience and he did a special nerve block for me that took care of my pain for hours after the surgery. I slept through the whole night! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	One of the rare few who actually CARES about his patients.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Tufts
2	1	excellent over doctor 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	0	I agree with the last comment. I thought it was just me regarding the weight issue. Last time I was there I had to say I get that I'm fat... now can we talk about the issues at hand. Basically she focuses too much on weight and ignored me complete when I had issues... these are still existing to this date. She also is my moms doc and is great to her. Very respectful. But to me... ugh I'll pass!!!! 	4	4	2	3 	Insurance:MVP Health
3	-1	This is seriously the worst doctor I have ever been to in my life. I went for a routine physical and for some other problems. She lectured me for about 40 minutes about my weight - ignored the fact that I ate healthy and walked about 30 minutes a day, and basically made me feel bad enough to cry. It took a few years for me to get enough courage together to see another doctor and right away he had diagnosed me correctly and when my hormones were in sync, I actually lost weight easily. She could have solved my problem with checking a blood test. This woman has some sort of fat phobia, and I will never forgive her lack of professionalism and bedside manner.  	5	5	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	0	I have been dealing with this dr office for three years now and i have had enough.I have had un satisfactory incidents before but i dont want message to take all day.Basically the final straw came last week.I called to make an appointment for a physical as i have not had for over two years but i also wanted some medical advice on giving up cigarettes.I was given an appointment 3 months from now.I told them i had already started my smoking cessation program and just wanted their help.They would be glad to help when i came in for my appointment-3 months from now.i called back to get a prescription for the patch that i was on.They said they woul;d take care of it.I show up at the pharmacy and no prescription was called in.Im sorry if this was a long winded comment.Bottom line in my three years of dealing with this doctor and her office they are slow ,uncaring and unhelpful.  	1	2	2	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	My wife and I have been with Dr. Qian for three years and we feel so lucky to have her as our primary care physician. She is attentive, caring, knowledgeable, always finds a way to see us in a timely manner in spite of her busy schedule. She has followed up on any referrals she has given us. We cannot speak highly enough of her.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	-1	He diagnosed me wrong, Gave me the wrong prescription, And it took me 8 visits  copays for him finally to give me a XRAY and an MRI that I needed for my Back And he wouldn't give me the right pain medication I needed until I threatened to sue their office.  	1	2	2	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	Dr is an extremely knowledgeble and caring individual.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
6	-1	doctor seems arrogant and condescending. Not very knowledgeable. 	5	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	. Very nice Doctor Quinn best of all the Staff is great!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	Dr. Quinn is an exceptional physician and in touch with patients' physical and emotional needs. She is warm, incredibly smart, sensitive, and thorough in her care. She has consistently helped me manage the often challenging nature of living with chronic health issues, both in her evaluation and follow-up (in her office or via myhealthonline.org) and in coordinating treatment plans with specialists. In the time she spends with me, I always feel listened to, validated, and cared for. It's reassuring to have a doctor who &quot;takes care of everything&quot; in terms of helping me tackle each of my varied health issues (patiently and thoughtfully answering any of my questions including any science questions, and discussing where, when, how to obtain additional care), which makes the process less overwhelming. Her office staff is friendly and will help schedule future appointments with other doctors. If I could give Dr.  Quinn a higher rating here, I would! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	1	The best endo in the world.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	Long wait but worth it. I understand why the wait was so long. Never felt rushed, all questions answered and very knowledgable. Also very conservative. Very happy there 		1	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	-1	VERY neglectful and uncaring for patients. Doesnt look to solve a problem just looks to make a buck. I had strep throat for 3 months because of their stupidity. Now 3 months pregnant they want to take me off medicine I have been alot of my life and substitute it with a narcotic. (both are the same class drug &quot;C&quot;) I wouldnt recomend her to my enemy. 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
10	-1	She would never talk to you on the phone, but instead would have you come in to the office in order to charge for the visit.  She's reluctant to prescribe any medication and makes you feel like you are an addict if you ask for something.  	3	2	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	1	Whenever I need to see Dr. Qureshi, I can get an appointment within a reasonable amount of time. She refers me to specialists if needed. I find her to be very caring. She emails me back promptly and I get my test results in a reasonable amount of time. Sometimes the medical secretary suggests I see the Nurse Practioner, but for a sore throat or something minor, thats not a problem for me. The ONLY problem I have with her is that she runs VERY VERY late. You are guaranteed at least a 30 minute wait.  	5	1	5	5 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
10	-1	Besides being next to IMPOSSIBLE to get an appointment with her that's less than 2 months away, when calling her office I was told she would return my call. Instead, I get a call back from her nurse who just told me I should just live with my health problem until the condition goes away on its own. &quot;I know it's not what you want to hear, so I'm sorry,&quot; was all the nurse could tell me. She refused my request for a referral to specialist saying that my health insurance wouldn't cover it and Harvard Vanguard doesn't referr outside of their organization. Their specialist couldn't see me for another month & a half.  		3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	1	. staff was very friendly, no long waits and he took the time to listen to my medical problems and he does follow up with them in a timely matter, doesn't wait months to resolve something 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	-1	His billing department is a complete mess! His bedside manner is horrible and he hasn't figured out what is causing my issue and will not refer me to anyone else.  Very disappointed, ok for walkins such as colds and allergies! 	2	3	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	1	He is one of the best. I feel very comfortable with him. He follows thru everything.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	1	Dr. Qureshi is a very kind, compassionate Dr.  He has his patients best interest in mind at all times.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	1	Dr Qureshi's office has very friendly staff who attend to your needs promptly. They also follow up on prescriptions and Dr Referrals without delay. Dr. Qureshi's office is open for walkins all the time. No appointments needed whatsoever. Very Convenient. Dr, Qureshi is very knowledgeable and his interpretations has been very accurate so far. I recommend him to anyone who needs a good doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tufts
