dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	 I have been very impressed with the overall professionalism at MGH and every experience I had while under Dr. Eckler's care.  Everyone I met with at MGH Boston or MGH West in Waltham was professional, from the person drawing blood, to the nurses, ultrasound techs, receptionists, etc.  Top notch care.  I would especially recommend Dr. Eckler and the staff at MGH for higher risk pregnancies.  	5	4	4	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	1	 I think Dr. Eckler is great, as I'm sure all MGH doctors are.  She is very compassionate and professional.  During my second miscarriage, she was so great.  Such a better experience than I had with my previous OB team.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	 Can't say enough wonderful things about her! She helped us through THE most difficult situation in our lives.   She was kind, thoughtful and professional! 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	 awesome! She is open and honest about everything pertaining to my health and the baby's health. She makes her office available 24/7 to call with any concerns.  Knowing we are somewhat anxious and our first birth she told us to call the office everyday with questions and concerns if we need to! Love her! 	2	2	5	5	Insurance:Tufts
4	-1	 My wife contracted a uterine infection when our daughter was born and Kathy missed it. Consequently, several weeks after discharge, my wife required a hospitalization to treat the infection with IV antibiotics. We went to Kathy again when my wife became pregnant. Post-partum, the same symptoms arose. We told Kathy, and every one of her residents that another uterine infection needed to be ruled out. We were told outright that my wife, without question, did not have a uterine infection. She was discharged. 4 hours later she was very sick. We went back to triage and lo and behold, a uterine infection. Once again, my wife was admitted for a hospitalization for a missed diagnosis by Kathy economy, only this time, we told her that we were pretty sure we knew what it was and we were ignored.  	2	3	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$250
4	1	 High risk pregnancy x 2:1st 3yrs ago and twins 6mo ago.  Can't say enough wonderful things about her; goes above and beyond when you need her most - at delivery. Always have to wait in the office, but that's b/c only 1 day/wk in office and the rest on the floors delivering or scanning ultrasounds and teaching.  When you're with her she gives the attention needed.  Wouldn't want anyone else to deliver.  	2	3	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	 I had a very difficult situation (1 in a million so it seemed), and Dr. Economy was the bright spot through it all.  I can see where some might call her wishy washy, but I learned that unfortunately high risk ob is not a definitive science.  Her staff was amazing, and I never had to wait for her.  She really went out of her way in my darkest hour, and for that I cannot say enough good things about her.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	0	.  this doctor is so wishy washy that you cant trust what she tells you 	1	4	1	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	-1	commentsTHIS DOCTOR HAS NO BACKBONE AND SHE DOESNT SERVE FOR HER PATIENT. 	1	1	1	3	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	 melody is a great doctor.  she is very polite and thourough.  i would recommend her to anyone.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	-1	 She is a nice enough lady, but always gives me the brush off. I am young/fairly healthy/and unpregnant- therefore unimportant. Whenever I have a concern, she tells me to wait a few months and come back. Then she leaves quickly.  	2	3	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	commentsDr Eckardt delivered my son; she is a wonderful doctor and has an excellent bedside manner! My sister now goes to her because I had such a great experience with her. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	 Awesome lady. Easy to talk to.  		4	5	5	Insurance:Tufts
6	-1	commentsWhy would a physician tell someone they were living on borrowed time&#63;  Isn't there a better way to say the same thing like, &quot;Your doing better than I expected.&quot;  Dr Ebb is not compassionate and he has an arrogant attitude.  Seems he doesn't really even like older people... 	3	3	1	3	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	 Dr Eagle is a pediatric ophthalmologist at Tallman Eye Associates. I have been to see her with my daughter at their Lawrence, Haverhill, North Andover and Salem offices. She was so great with my daughter when she needed to be seen several times for a couple of weeks for an eye injury. Dr Eagle is very kind and knowledgeable.  We were in very good hands with Dr Eagle!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	 Excellent Physician.  Took time to explain my condition and procedure.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	1	 I had a wisdom tooth pulled by Dr Eckert. I had a pretty positive experience. He didn't say a lot and I did have to wait in the chair a bit, but he was very quick and deft with the procedure and I had a good outcome. I was worried about swallowing and having a lot of stuff in my mouth, but he was so fast and accurate that I couldn't believe it was done so fast. There was not a lot of need for follow up but I had no problems.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Delta Dental
34	-1	commentsI read a review of Dr. Eckert describing him as Steve Martin in Little Shop of Horror.  Base on my experience, that description was simply perfect. Paid/Co-pay:$1200	1	3	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
34	0	 I recently had two of my wisdom teeth removed by Dr Eckert. I have no complaints as to the surgery yet. His staff is very abrupt. As a patient, I need to know what happened during my surgery and how to deal with it afterwards. They did not listen to the questions I was asking and, when answering, just repeated information they already said. Both times at the office, I waited nearly 30 minutes before seeing the doctor. In the case of my actual extraction, I was sitting in the chair for 25 minutes before Dr. Eckert came in, who immediately put me out. I told the assistants that I was a very nervous dental patient on several occasions, but they still had me hooked up to machines left to think about the tools they had placed in front of me for a long time. Needless to say, this did nothing but make me more nervous and afraid. I barely interacted with Dr Eckert on both occasions and I had no chance to judge his skills or demeanor. They are purely running a business, and it shows.  	2	1	2	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$200
55	1	 Dr. Earls is an excellent, experienced doctor.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
56	1	 excellent skilled surgeon.Very careing. The best surgeon in southeastern mass.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
57	1	commentsWas referred to Doctor Elderman from my sister and Mother. Had suffered for years with severe women problems and when I started seeing Doctor Elderman it was because I was in severe pain. She took me in gave me an exam and ran test. Found out what my problems were and she took care of them. I feel very comfortable discussing any issue I have with her. I am very happy with her and have recommended her to others who are also pleased with their care. Paid/Co-pay:$1000		4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
57	-1	commentsJerked me around and did not solve my medical problem. 		1	1	3	Insurance:Unknown
60	-1	 Very fast if you are looking for quick annual check up. However, not at all thorough if you are looking for a detailed appointment or if this is your primary physician. Appointments are very quick and basic.  	5	4	1	3	Insurance:Harvard-PilgimPaid/Co-pay:$15
67	-1	.   	4	4	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	1	 He is a great Dr.  I have been with him for many years.......  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	-1	 While being treated by Dr Edelstein I was made to feel I was no very important.He was more interested in talking to me about my weight{150lbs} at 5'5&quot;, than he was about treating my breast cancer!Everytime I was to have a blood test he would sign the form as my being obese for the blood diagnosis.I told him this bothered me, but he continued to do this for the 2 years he treated me. These were the worst 2 years of my life!Not only was I dealing with breast cancer, but he was very insensitive to my feelings.On most visits he never even touched me, but asked a few questions and then left the room. I would have left him sooner, but I was still being treated for my cancer, and was afraid to change doctors.I would not send anyone to this man! I make a point of telling every woman I know with breast cancer to never go to him.I now have a new oncologist and see how unprofessinally I was treated.  Dr Edelstein did not listen to my concerns and dismissed all my symptoms to my weight! 	2	2	1	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	-1	 I went to him once and realized when one has cancer, you don't fool around at community hospitals. Dr. Edelstein was not on top of his game and did not have a respectful manner. I got much better care at a larger teaching research hospital.  		3	2	2	Insurance:CIGNA
67	-1	 Dr Edelstein has a very poor bedside manner.I am a cancer patient,but all he commented on was my weight,calling me obese numerous times. I am5'5&quot; and weight 190-hardly in the obese range.He also told me on occasion he did not have time for me because he patients that were sicker than me,even refusing to give me a flu shot this season for just that reason!As an oncologist he should know how sensitive cancer patients can be.Everytime I had to get a blood test, he would write obesity on the request for,prompting nurses at the Winchester Hospital to comment on his insensitivity!I was very disappointed in the care I received from him and I don't know how he received such a good rating.  I will never refer anyone to him! 		2	1	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	1	 Great Doc. Kind, helpful, funny.  		4	5	5	Insurance:TuftsPaid/Co-pay:$10
91	1	.  I could tell that I was in the right place 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
