dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	0	obviously a very knowledgeable doctor. however, her bedside manner is atrocious. if you're looking for a doctor who will comfort you in any way - dr jan is not for you. after visiting her i felt MORE stressed because of her rude attitude. 	5	5	1	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	Outstanding doctor - takes his time and explains everything including optional diagnoses and alternative treatments. Great personality, doesn't talk down to patients. I highly recommend him.  you should call ahead of your appt as he tend to run late giving his patients excellent service! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
2	1	Very cautious with evaluation. Doesn't hesitate to make referral 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	-1	At first he was pleasant, but once problems occurred post operation he was very dismissive. When explained the problems, he walk away from me saying there's nothing wrong with you! As explained by Jenis - I was a perfect candidate for fusion. Non smoker, not a big drinker and fairly good shape at the age of 50. He would not even see me after complaining. Now three surgeons have told me my fusion never took after he said everything was fine. A cover up for sure. Now one surgeon told me a SCREW is missing and my L5 was just flopping around. I was told this type situation manifested early enough for Jenis to see while in his care! Does that tell you something&#63; 	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	After a long history with L4/L5 pain and sciatica, I tried everything - physical therapy, chiropractors, acupuncture,  and cortisone shots.  NOTHING worked. Dr. Jenis, worked with me through a very intense spinal program and after exhausting all options, helped me reach the decision to go for spinal fusion surgery Jan 2007. It was last resort and not once did he ever try to pressure me into it.  As scared as I was it was the best thing I could have ever done, as I am now 98% pain free and have very little restrictions on any activity I wish to do. I am living a very normal life and it is due to the knowledge, caring attitude and commitment from Dr; Jenis, his staff and all of NE Baptist Hospital.  I would not hesitate to recommend him, and will definitely see him again if I need to.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	-1	Dr. J. did L4/S1 fusion on me 1/06.  Sustained permanent nerve damage.  Had horrible pain.  He did not believe me, had to be referred to pain clinic for verification and treatment. Have cauda equina syndrome now, plus chronic neuropathic pain and residual back pain.  Lost sexual feeling and function.  He told me repeatedly &quot;You will be fine&quot;.  Poorly documented my issues afraid of lawsuit&#63;  I am RN know crap documentation when I see it.  Showed NO compassion for me at all.  I think I irritated him because I was in such distress.  Complained when I would not leave the exam room because of my questions; told me he didn't set aside that kind of time. I consistenetly waited for him well over an hour for each visit. I believe he knows but covered up whatever happened in OR.  He's very nice when you first meet him, FYI. I lost career, sexual satisfaction, have altered sensation foot to rear, left ankle swells, foot purple blue at times.  Hope he reads this. 	5	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
3	-1	I was referred to the doctor for severe neck pain and was very disappointed. Dr Jenis told me not only  could that he could not be any help to me, but also that I had very minimal spinal stenosis and that it would not be the cause of my pain. The original MRI I recieved said I had moderate/severe stenosis and afer receiving THREE opinions from the top neurosurgeons of the University of Virginia they all concluded that I DO have spinal stenosis and will be needing a decompression surgery. Maybe Dr. Jenis is a good surgeon but in my case, he definitley let me down. 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	Dr Jenis performed surgery on me in 1999 and 2004  on two different discs. both operations were successful i returned to work full duty  with in three months of the first surgery.   i am not able to return to full unrestricted duty due to my second injury however i am able to enjoy   a very high quality of life. i recommend Dr Jenis  to any one who needs care for a back injury.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
3	1	I have had 2 microdiscectomy surgeries by Dr. Jenis over the past 5 years. Both times, he performed miracles for me. The pain was gone, the treatment was fairly minor in invasiveness and I was up and around within the next 24 hours. Dr. Jenis was pleasant to work with, encouraged me on how to keep my congenitally weak back healthy and has made my life pretty much pain free.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
3	1	EXCELLENT, very knowledgable MD who specializes in orthopedic back surgery. He was not quick to perform surgery on me and he and another MD at the same hospital ultimately saved me from needing surgery at all, through an aggressive physical therapy program. Very upfront & honest. Super friendly office staff. Although he did not perform surgery on me, he is well-known and well-respected in the Boston area as a highly skilled, competent surgeon and based on this fact and my own experiences with him, I'd highly recommend him to anybody.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
3	1	In my opinion, Dr. Jenis is the Best Orthopedic Spine Surgeon around! Dr. Jenis doesn't talk you into having surgery you don't need, He will only do surgery if its warranted. He has the absolute BEST bedside manner(a rarity I've found with most docs) and really truly genuinely cares about his Patients. He also has a unique sense of understanding and compassion for his patients, putting them at ease during that stressful time. He takes as long as you need to answer ANY and ALL questions you have, never rushing you. He returns your phone calls personally and doesn't make you feel like you are bothering him. His front end staff is the same way, truly kind, caring and compassionate like him. If in the future I need more spinal surgery, I would not hesitate to call him and make an appt for a consult. I would want no one else, other than Dr. Jenis to perform the surgery. He's Extremely skilled, knowledgeable, upfront and up to date on all procedures. He really is a rarity among docs! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	-1	Dr Jackson does not listen to the patient's assessment of how they feel... she will not easily refer patient to a specialist or for further testing.   This has resulted in patient becoming sicker and losing valuable time towards recovery!  She may cater to a poorer, less educated population but regardless, she needs to actually 'listen' and be more compasionate with her patients! 	4	4	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	-1	horrible doctor who I would not recommend to no one. During an emergency I had regarding sensitive prescription medication I was taking I called Doctor Twice with in a 3 day time frame, and I got no return call. The receptionist told me either he doctor or her nurse would get back to me no one did. Her nurse was the one who, tampered with my medication dosage, causing me to have a severe reaction, causing me to resort to emergency help.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
5	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	I had Dr. Johnson do my plastic surgury and I was extreamly satisified with the final result. She and her staff are friendly and very attentive. I highly reccomond her. I have referred some friends to her as well. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	Doctor Johnson does incredible work, my results were fabulous,I felt she listened to me and my needs and concerns. follow-up appointments and needs all went very smoothly. I would suggest Doctor Melissa Johnson to all my friends. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	-1	MY SISTER WENT TO SEE THIS EYE DOCTOR, SHE COMPLAINED FOR SEVERAL YEARS OF VISION LOSS, COULDNT  SEE  FINGERS WHEN HIS STAFF DID PERIPHERAL VISION EXAM.                                        SHE COMPLAINED TO HER PRIMARY MD WHO SENT HER TO SEE SOMEONE ELSE.  SHE NOW HAS PERMANENT VISION LOSS DUE TO HIS INCOMPATANCE 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
7	0	I have seen this Dr. on a few occasions and have found him to be very rude. His office staff are quite nice but he is robotical and I feel only interested in seeing how many patients he can manage to bill an hour. Forget about asking questions..all you'll receive is probably some smart remark. 	4	4	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
7	-1	Extremely rude and not helpful.  Abrupt and demeaning.  	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:Tufts
8	1	Dr. Johnson take time to listen to his patients and makes good referrals when another area of expertise is needed.He always followup on any problems his patients are experiencing. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	 	2	2	4	3 	Insurance:Unknown
9	-1	Staff consists of 1 secretary named Michelle. She does not follow thru with any referrals or paperwork, I had to request my own referral numerous times after she told me she did it but never really did. Puntuality - I think I was seen 2 or 3 times out of the probably 8 times I saw her within 15 minutes, every other time I waited at least half hour. I believe she is very cold, rude and not approachable. She took over her new practice after leaving one roughly 2 years ago after something happened in the other office.  I am VERY happy to say I have a NEW PCP!!! 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	1	This is a wonderful doctor who listens well and explains things using language I understand.  Networks well with other health care providers.   Friendly with great bedside manner 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	1	Excellent physician 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	Dr Johnson is the standard by which I will measure all others.  So far, no one else measures up. 	5	4	5	3 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	she is the best cardiologist I have ever met. she really putsin her time to see that you get all the care and attention you deserve and extensively explains what needs to be done. I wish there where many of doctors of cathy's standards that put their patients first ahead of money.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
12	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	Dr James has a humanistic, polite approach.  She has helped me trmendously 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	-1	I'm not sure Joy should even be a doctor.  Everytime I have an appointment, I have to reiterate my entire story and medical record to her.  She never takes the time to look over my file.  Also, I know more about my medication than she does.  I would NEVER recommend her as a psychiatrist.  Also, on top of that, the billing department is the biggest pain.  I have to prove and re-prove that I have paid a bill.  They are currently threatening to send my bill to a collections agency due to nonpayment, although I paid my bill on the date of service AND sent them the receipt TWICE.   Save you time and your sanity on this one! 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
14	1	Jackson is knowledgable but her personality is akin to that of a dominatrix in a brillo pad bustier. If you are looking for sympathetic, go elsewhere! This doctor went as far as to snap the elastic on my underwear after having me bend over. I don't know if it was because she hated me or this is normal but everything about her made me think she was saying inside 'oh God, another patient with scleroderma, God save me'. Maybe it was a bad day but it didn't seem that way. I think she should have paid me to put up with her behavior - had I to do it again I would walk out mid-exam.  	3	1	4	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
15	0	I seen Dr.Jackson when I was 9-10 months because,my pediatric doctor noticed I was way behind in baby milestones.My parents noticed it at first but,they thought it was just a stage that some babies go through and that I would eventually catch up.Thats when we were recommended that I ahould see him right away.Though my parents were wrong it was not just a stage.It was Mild Cerebral Palsy afther I went through many tests.That explained why I couldn't walk since my legs were very tight and rigid/he called it spasticity and when I started trying to walk I was 23 months and had a balence issue aswell known as ataxia.It was good to have a diagnosis but,he was not that encouraging to my parents he gave false hope that I would never walk,talk,or just basically function as a normal baby at my age and he wanted to do a heelcord-surgery on me that was the only optional treatment he offered.Until my pedia told my parents about early intervention,PT,OT,SPT+sped classes.Now you cant tell I have CP.  	3	3	2	4 	Insurance:Aetna
16	-1	This incompetent Dr wrote a letter to my primary care physician because I refused to take a series of expensive tests. I would not take my pet cat there. The only thing he knows how to do is take pictures for his marketing material. And all those letters after his name amount to nothing but an old greedy man.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
16	-1	When you are healthy, this is a place to go to so. However, when you are sick. This is not a place you want to be at. I think the staff here (especially Brenda) has made my life very difficult. I think she needs to remind herself once in a while that her job is to help sick patient and not make their life worse. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
16	0	The wait time is ridiculous. The staff are rude. There are simply to many patients. I can't think of a single good thing about this place. The minimum wait time is about 1.5 hours, total waste of time.  	2	1	2	3 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
16	-1	extremely long wait time..over an hour-no consideration for your time. once you get in you are lucky if you get 5 min with the doctor or staff. big hurry to get you out. took over 7 hours to return a call for a prescription  called at end of day and was told needed to schedule a visit.  	2	1	1	2 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
16	-1	This doctor and his office is very unprofessional and does not care whether they are on time or taking up patient's time.  There is a strong disregard for his patients.  I would recommend finding another doctor rather than going through the agony of waiting for hours - and I mean hours to be seen.  Deplorable customer service! 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
16	-1	i have gone to this doctor for several years all the time i was misserable having to wait 2 hours  at each visit.after my physical he said i needed testing i refused to have certain tests done no family history for some of the tests. about 2 weeks later i recieved a registered letter in the mail giving me thity days notice to find a new doctor i tried calling them to talk about this they never returned my call now i found a new doctor close to my home im in and out within the hour.i dont recommended this practice.good riddens to them im glad im not his patient any more.  	2	1	1	2 	Insurance:Medicare
16	-1	IMO... If you want to be treated like you don't matter come here.  You will wait 45min - 2 hour per visit and they don't care. Dr. Johnson walks the halls but I have not seen him in over 4 years. They charge you if you can't wait the 2 hours and leave, but don't refund you anything for waiting 2 hours.  In more than one visit the Dr. was virtually leaving the room while he asked if I had any questions...  	2	1	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	-1	Was a very irresponsible PCP for my mom and dad when they lived out there.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	0	I have been a patient of Dr. Johnson for 30 years. I have put up with bad service for years because he is the only Dr. that will see you with no notice when you are sick. I was hospitilized at a local hospital, & when my condition became grave I needed to be transfered Boston. I needed help from my primary physician. 30+ years he couldn't bother to return several of our calls. Guess he was too busy doing electrolysis in his his wife's med-spa.  	1	1	1	4 	Insurance:Tufts
16	-1	Office staff was surly, unhelpful, and seemingly overwhelmed by the volume of patients this practice attracts with allergy shot service at a number of satellite offices.  Took 4 calls to get a prescription filled. But they bill promptly! Dr. Johnson is knowledgeable but haughty and unavailable; we saw him once in a year and a half of treatment. Wait times are fine at the satellites but crazy long in N. Andover - 6-plus hours for initial testing, mostly just waiting around for next steps in the process. Satellites have no MD present. Patient oversight is amiss - I had to ask for my daughter's case updates, though I was told these would be routinely scheduled.  	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:Aetna
16	1	Dr. Johnson is a very talented physician. Really knows his stuff. The office does get really busy so you should plan to wait a while, but totally worth the wait. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	0	Crank them in, crank them out. You want to see Dr. Johnson&#63; Then expect you'll spend maybe 30 seconds talking to him. His exit line is &quot;I'll be right back&quot; and of course you never see him again.  	3	1	1	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	I get my allergy shots here and it was the only place in the area that had late night appointments available. They are great about scheduling my regular appointments and are very flexible if I need to come in early. The staff is nice and I have gotten o much better since being treated. Dr. Johnson isn't much of a conversationalist, but he does his job well and has a frank manner. I would recommend him and the office for allergy and immunology treatments.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
16	-1	extremely unprofessional staff...nothing runs smoothly there always forgetting scripts questions I have asked etc.. ridiculous 	2	2	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	-1	the medical assistants are always trashing the patients thinking we dont hear them and the lpn is always talking bad about the dr. and the blond practioner is arrogant.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
16	1	A busy friendly competent office staff supports five providers including two MDs one PA and two NPs in specialty care of allergy and immunology with extension of primary care to asthma patients of which this doctor is one. Special consierge services available for complex problems.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	-1	In my opionion this doctor's office is running a factory. I had scheduled 5 appts to see and meet with Dr. Johnson and each time I met with one of his staff (technicians,nurse practioner & physician's asst... I never did meet Dr Johnson nor was I seen by a qualified doctor in his office. Although, my co-payment was based on seeing a specialist not a nurse practioner, etc... One of my appts were schedule on a day when the doctor was on vacation when I asked to speak to someone in charge of the office and asked of an explanation I was informed that they could not question the doctor and it was normal practice for him to call in on the days he wasn't coming to the office instead of scheduling time off in advance. On another visit they could not locate my medical file. This office seems to be very disorganized and the attitude of the staff is &quot;just re-schedule. &quot; 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	He is the only immunologist in our area.  I have had to travel all over the state to see other doctors for my condition and he is the only one that has been able to make me better.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	He is a very skilled therapist with a gental demeanor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
18	1	she is the best! She has taken care of several fdamily members needs.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
19	1	. I managed to get a new patient appointiment on the next day and he was on time ! 	5	5	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	0	Dr Jiser has decent reputation in the area, be forwarned that you may have to wait a LONG time before getting in to see him.  I never got in to see him because he was very late for each appointment.  The 1st appointment was for 1PM.  After 45 minutes I was finally put into an exam room, after another 45 minutes without being seen, I had to leave to get back to work.  I made the next appointment for 9AM - I figured he can't be too late to his 1st appointment of the day, and I'll knock this out & get to work a bit late.  Again, I sat in the waiting room for another 45 minutes before I had to bail.  The most disconcerning thing is that the office staff did not once mention that the doctor was running late (even though when queried, they said they knew), and they acted as is this was no big deal... which leads me to believe this is a regular occurance.  If your time is important to you, I'd think twice about chosing Dr Jiser.  	 10/24/08	1	1	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	1	not very helpful.  exam took 2 mins.  disappointed.  will not see him again.  	4	3	5	3 	Insurance:Medicare
20	1	Outstanding doctor! Extremely knowledgeable, straightforward, easy to understand and talk to, patient while answering questions completely, in a technologically advanced office with thorough follow up.  He has  been  my doctor for many years and has consistently been the BEST! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	1	The best doctor I have ever had. Thorough, asks the right questions, gives the right answers. Wouldn't go anywhere else.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
20	1	Will follow thur til solution is found. By him or referral..  		5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
21	1	I'm totally happy to choosing Dr.James as my daughter's pedi.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
21	1	She is amazing.  I am DON at residential setting for teenaged girls and Dr. James gives our girls the best care, every day, and is always there for us.  None better!  And that's from a nurse. She's brilliant, down-to-Earth, approachable, available, thorough and personalble as well as professional.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
22	-1	This doctor left her practice in Beverly Massachusetts, rather suddenly - AND TOOK ALL MY RECORDS. ALL MY Medical records... over 15 years of my life. My phone calls were ignored, she's nowhere to be found. I am furious and astonished ANYONE would let that happen.  I agree also with other comments - usually felt rushed, staff changed frequently, lots of confusion in her office.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	-1	I was perscribed the wrong medication by this office.  They put me on birth control without ever checking to see if I was pregnant, which I was.  They were never on time, they were rude, and dismissive.  They should not be allowed to practice medicine.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	-1	Dr. Mavis Jaworski is one of the worst doctors our family has ever seen! I took my daughter there for a terrible cough and chest congestion. She just said to wait two more weeks and if it got worse to come back. This was typical of her &quot;diagnosis&quot; for anything, as after awhile we felt she only saw us to file with our insurance company for an office visit. I took my daughter to another doctor here in town. Upon examining my daughter, she immediately knew she had pneumonia! We decided to change doctors. Upon being told it would take 30 days to &quot;process&quot;, I asked if I could come to the office to get our records. I was told I could NOT come into the office to get them. I called the Mass. Med. Board to inquire about my right to get a copy of my medical records. They said there is NO reason the patient cannot go into a doctor's office to pick them up. Upon their recommendation, I will be filing complaints on Dr. Jaworski. Unfortunately there isn't room to post all issues w/ this doctor.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	-1	I have been so frustrated every time I visit Dr. Jaworski.  She is late and rushing, complains to me about their computer problems and forgets my health conditions.  She has sent me on several goose chases w/ referrals and has not even been able to give me coherent results on the testing she has sent me for.  She once told me I might have a rare (serious) condition but instead of taking the time to talk through the diagnosis, told me to go home and read about it and call her back if my symptoms matched.  I was so furious that she didn't have time to talk and that when I read about the disorder it didn't describe me at ALL.  The only relief I felt there was the one time I met with a NP who was GREAT, but apparently left after my one visit becuase every time I request to see her, she is not available.  I keep telling myself, &quot;I'll give her one more chance&quot;, as the office is close to my house and I like having a local doctor, but I am definitely ready for a change, no matter how tough.  	3	1	1	2 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
22	-1	I started seeing Dr. Jaworski after being highly recommended. I loved her and felt she cared so much about her patients. She always had the time for me. She said 15 minutes wasn't long enough for a sore throat. She always spent at least 1/2 hour with you and you never felt rushed. However...once she went into private practice things changed. She always had one foot out the door before you even had a chance to talk to her. I felt alot of things were overlooked. At one appointment she would tell you to do one thing, the next she would say she never said that. She felt she could take care of it all, when it was clear she didn't know it all. I went on to new doctors and FINALLY found answers for my health. I feel as a doctor she spread herself too thin with all her specialities she was trying to fit in, along with her television show. I was very saddened as I thought I had found the &quot;right&quot; doctor finally. It was hard to feel comfortable when her staff changed each time you had an appt.  		3	2	2 	Insurance:Tufts
22	1	i saw the comment about Dr. Jaworski always being in a rush and I was shocked. I have never felt rushed by either her or the NP. I am always so suprised at how long the visit will run. they are so gentle and caring, but yes hardcore. they want you to GOOD! whatever that takes i am so pleased i found them.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	1	I've been going to this physician for at least 3 years now. She doesn't pull any punches, which was off-putting at first, having come from a practice where my PCP NEVER chided me on weight gains, high cholesterol / blood pressure and the like. It is very easy to prescribe medication to band-aid a problem, but Mavis truly sees her patients as partners and expects them to participate in managing their own health issues. I have been seeing her nurse practitioners lately, although if I wanted, I could easily make an appointment to see the Doctor. The practitioners are fabulous, and there is no doubt that they were put through an intense interview process as Dr. Jaworski would have no one but the best working with her and with her patient population. If you have thin skin, you may want to select another Primary, however, if you are interested in partnering with a professional who will work with you to manage your healthcare issues, Dr. Jaworski is the one to check out.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	0	Dr. Jaworksi has a very nice personality and that makes you feel good when you go there, like you are welcome. In the beginning, when she actually saw her own patients, her practice was great. Now she is busy and concentrating on other areas of medicine and her nurse practitioners are the people who see you - unless you insist to see her and can wait for a new appointment. If you have the ordinary run of the mill issues, she is great. If you have anything serious, you have to be your own doctor and fight for what you need, which is hard when you're sick. I thought I finally found my doctor for life, but once again I find myself looking for a new physician.  		1	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	1	I love Mavis Jaworski - I have been going to her for about 2 years and hope I never have to use another doctor again. She is knowledgeable, caring, and always remembers our previous visit, unlike other doctors I've been to. I HIGHLY recommend her.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	0	if extra rehab services are needed Doctor is hesitant about approving 		3	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	This woman is an excellent physician, extremely caring, smart and I am delighted that my family has found her.  		4	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	-1	I'm so dissapointed with this physian I'm currently changing PCP's.  		2	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	0	She's always in a hurry and I don't feel as though she does a particluarly thorogh job as a result.  		1	2	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	-1	Rude, unhelpful, untimely, aragant, waste of time and money 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	Dr. Johnson has been my doctor for a number of years. I am very surprised by all the negative comments. Yes there is a wait but no more than with any other doctor. She has a great personality and I would trust her with my life and have. I started with her when she was in Reading and even though I have to travel I have kept her as my doctor. Chris in her office behind the counter is also a doll and will push to get through any red tape you need with insurance and hospitals. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	Dr. Johnson Delivered my son in 1993.  Excellent Doctor for my pregnancy and delivery.   Dr. Johnson delivers babies and sometimes her schedule would be interrupted as she has to be there to deliver the baby!  15 years ago I had an abnormal pap smear and Dr. Johnson was professional, supportive and just great in all my appointments, colopscopies and follow-ups.Now I see Dr.  Johnson, once a year for my annual and I drive from Wilmington to see her!  She remembers my kids and me!      Also her staff is great! 	5	3	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	-1	I went in for my annual exam, and she noticed an issue. She said to schedule a follow-up appointment, and LEFT without explaining the problem to me. I ended up crying in the hallway to the receptionist. Wait times are terrible. Switching doctors this year--something I should have done a long time ago.  	4	1	1	2 	Insurance:Tufts
24	1	My insurance is not in the list. Unprofessional and insensitive! 	2	1	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	Dr. Johnson has been my Dr. for 20 years, delivered both my children and continues to treat me.  Dr. Johnson and her staff are personable, knowledgable and always helpful.  I have recommened her to many friends.  The only drawback is wait time in both the waiting room and treatment rooms.  	5	1	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
24	-1	I hope this helps someone out there because this Doctor made me feel awful during and after my appointment. I went to her based on a referral from my PCP for a colposcopy. I later told my PCP everything that happened and that I wouldn't be returning for a follow-up there. While performing the exam, she pre-diagnosed me stating that I had HPV (which was incorrect because when the test results were returned, I was negative). She asked me about my &quot;partners&quot; and I told her I had 1 only and that both of us were faithful. She responded by saying, &quot;Well where is she today&#63; That should tell you something.&quot; I asked her what HPV was to get more information and she responded with, &quot;Do you live under a rock&#63;&quot; She didn't explain anything and left me feeling like I had cancerous cells, I was stupid for not knowing information, and that my partner was cheating on me. I went through a lot of emotions after that and I wanted to share my experience to help someone else. 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
24	-1	The medical assistants are friendly. However,the wait times are horrible. I'd show up at an appointment 10 or 5 min early and then wouldn't be brought to a consulting room until 20 minutes after my scheduled apt time. This does not seem to change no matter what day or time it is either. Then once I'm in the room I wait another 20-30 sometimes even 40! just for the dr to come in. I get bored pretty quick and I always have to bring a sudoku book or reading book to keep my mind off of constantly looking at the time. The dr. doesn't talk to you, or go over your last appointment. Will mention something of concern and then not tell you anything about it or go into  detail on what it means. She never shares any information with you on the process of being pregnant unvoluntarily you have to be the one asking the questions. Be prepared of getting short answers too that will still leave you guessing what she meant. She is not good for a first time mom at all or a younger woman.  Not NUTURING! 	4	1	2	2 	Insurance:Aetna
24	-1	I have been a patient of Dr. Johnson for 5 years. It is my own fault for not leaving her practice sooner.  :(  Appointments were never on time; she would see me 45-90 minutes after my scheduled time. Once she even canceled after I spent 80 minutes sitting in her waiting room! Every year (for the past 4 years) about 1 month before my annual exam appointment, I receive a letter in the mail telling me that my appointment has to be rescheduled and to call their office to schedule a new appointment. She is not the nicest Doctor, I always found it quite uncomfortable talking to her. I would not recommend this Doctor to others.  :( 	2	1	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	-1	My scheduled appointments were never on time, I was frequently seen anywhere from 30-90 minutes after my appointment.  After switching offices, my new office made repeated request for my records and her office would not release them.  They made me go in and pick them up even though my new doctor told them they needed them for a medical procedure.  Dr. Johnson's moods varied as well, at times she seemed really nice and at other times she was really moody and acted if my appointment was an inconvenience. 	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	The office does not accomodate many afternoon appointments and the wait before an appointment was 1.5 hrs.  I changed to another office to have a more user friendly apointment schedule.  	3	1	3	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	1	I found Michelle Johnson to be extremely helpful and personable. I would recommend her to anyone looking for an excellent doctor. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	-1	While doing a painful and (as I later found out) unecessary procedure on me, Dr. Johnson chatted, laughed and joked with her nurse about the recent lunch buffet and party they had just recently attended. It was as if I were not in the room. This doctor has communication problems/difficulties as well as a lack of knowledge concerning the most current procedures.  		2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	-1	He is ok, but he acts impatient the entire time he is treating you.  Also, he thinks he knows everything, and does not seem interested in explaining why a certain treatment is being performed, to the patient. 	5	5	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	What can we say but we LOVE Dr J! The nurses in the nursery all agreed that Dr J was their top recommendation for a pediatrician and they could not have been more correct. He is always attentive, listens to our concerns and always connects with our son who is now 2. He has called us after trips to the ER just to make sure we are ok and that is simply amazing. While my son was in the ER he also called periodically to check with the ER doctor to make sure they were treating him/to get updates and I was so impressed with his thought and concern for us as a family. He was also so reassuring for us as new parents and always made me feel like I was doing a great job as a parent.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
26	1	We love Dr. J!  We have been taking our children to him since our youngest was born several years ago. He is very kind and approachable. He has always listened patiently to our concerns and worked with us to find solutions. I feel that he is very knowledgeable and quickly understands a situation and is willing to order additional tests without hesitation. He also follows up and has even called us at home to check on one of the children. I also like the fact that Acton Medical always has a doctor available to see for those inevitable weekend or holiday illnesses.  We have met several other doctors in the practice and felt they were all excellent. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	Great to have a DR. that makes house calls for the elderly and listens to his patients.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tufts
28	1	Good lister, skilled. Felt very comfortable and was told all options.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	1	I really loved having him as my doctor.  He is one of the best doctors that I have ever had. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
30	-1	Left my mom in a lot of pain, not responsive to questions, she came home without any instructions for her partial, which may be anchored to teeth that aren't stable enough to support it 	3	3	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	William Jaffee is a great therapist. I strongly recomend him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	Dr. Jolles has been my pediatrician for 20 years.  My children love him and are very comfortable talking to him and asking questions.  He is always willing to listen and answer any questions my children have.  His staff are always helpful and kind. 	 11/10/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	IVE BEEN GOING TO DR JOLLES FOR 20+ YEARS...LOVE HIM!!! HE TAKES THE TIME TO LISTEN AND EXPLAIN THINGS YOU MIGHTNOT UNDERSTAND...  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	1	Dr.Jolles is in fact a knowledgeable MD.However,the people he has working as receptionist are exremeley RUDE,uncaring,and unprofessional. If you can hadle their rudeness,and just go for the MD care you will be happy. Just a shame these people are the first impression of this MD.  	1	2	4	4 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
32	1	The best around - we absolutely love him! He gives a ton of time during each visit which is so rare these days. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	Awesome pediatric doctor. Very knowledgeable. If he doesn't know something he sends you to a specialist who does. Have referred numerous friends to him for their children as he is so good. Very easy to talk to and he listens to what you say. The kids love him! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	He was really terrific.  Punctual, understanding and caring.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
34	0	I have had some bad experiences with this Dr. I am a stay at home mom and had bronchitis. I was so sick and couldn't talk. I have no family in the area and had to bring my 18 month old son with me to the appointment. I brought some cheese its to help keep him busy and she actually scolded me for giving him junk food. She is always late and always in a rush.  	5	2	3	3 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
34	-1	I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS DOCTOR TO ANYONE. VERY DIFFICULT TO GET APPOINTMENTS - I CALLED IN PAIN CRYING AFTER ER HAD TOLD ME TO SEE HER THE NEXT DAY - AND WAS OFFERED APPOINTMENT A FULL WEEK LATER. ALSO, THE WAIT TIME IS LONG USUALLY CLOSE TO ONE HOUR IN WAITING ROOM AND OFTEN AS LONG AS 15 MINUTES MORE IN EXAM ROOM. OFFICE NURSE  ALWAYS SAYS SORRY FOR THE WAIT WE ARE BUSY TODAY  AND IS VERY NICE.  RECEPTIONISTS ARE NOT VERY POLITE 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	-1	she is always late. usually about a half hour to an hour. The staff makes a lot of appointment mistakes. communicating with her isn't easy either 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
34	-1	 	4	1	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	Awesome doc. Helpful, informed, courteous, kind. Excellent surgeon. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	Super Doc!! Great person. Compassionate and kind.Excellent surgeon. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	A kind, helpful, knowledgeable doctor.  Staff at BMC have a hard time keeping the wait under an hour though, even first thing in the morning.  	3	1	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	1	Amazing, smart, great surgeon. Excellent manners and skills. Very compassionate and caring. Super doc !!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	Great, smart doctor. Great surgeon. Very meticulous and compassionate. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	Brilliant doctor. Very caring and compassionate. I would recommend everyone to go to him.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Tufts
36	1	Been a patient for 12 years, she is always late so I always try to schedule the 1st appointment of the day.  I like her nurse but she is a bit stern.  Don't even expect her to answer her phone but she generally gets back to me at the end of the day.  Jeffcoat is awesome as a doctor though and is always willing to research something if she doesn't know the answer.  She takes an interest in your overall health and doesn't take chances.  I like her so much I can live with the other negatives.  	3	2	5	4 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
36	1	Great listener. Truly cares for her patients! She's been my PCP for 8 years. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	I transferred from another doctor and was apprehensive about starting with a new doctor. I have to say that Dr. Jeffcoat is the most attentive and responsive doctor with whom I have worked. She listens and considers my  preferences and works with me on exploring best approaches to treatment. Her knowledge is clearly current and she explains relevant issues and concerns related to prescribed treatments. Other reviewers have mentioned tardiness but this is a minor issue for me when considering the high quality of treatment. Bring a book or meditation tape and relax while waiting. Her nurse was a little testy but Dr. Jeffcoat's approach was unfaltering pleasant. Dr.  Tom Vincent 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unicare
36	1	I have had Dr. Jeffcoat as my PCP for 6 or more years and find her to be a very good listener, very knowledgable and never rushes you. Takes time to really listen and asks many questions. Yes she is generally late for appointments but they probably overscheduled and probably becuase she is willing to spend time with patients. Also as the other reviewer mentions she is wonderful to look at, always tanned and in great shape.  I feel better as soon as I see her!! 	3	2	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	1	Dr Jeffcoat has a whole new staff.  I find her really helpful especially since I have no insurance.  She will take the time to find the lowest price on scripts. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
36	-1	Last user was completely out of line.           Dr. Jeffcoat has been my primary for several years.  I will be finding a new PC doctor soon because she misdiagnosed me. If she had been on top of her gam she would have realised that I had a metabolic disease and not kept shooing me off as a hyponchondriac.  The staff at Greenleaf medical is helpful some of the time but don't expect to get a live person when you call in.  The telephone system will spin your head around a few times..... Return calls aren't always guaranteed if you should leave a message with that live person. I strongly recommend bypassing Dr Jeffcoat for a doctor for one with more experience and a more patient office staff. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	Dr. lydia is an incredible disiplined individual. You say that you might have to wait in the &quot;Waiting Room&quot; is a mieger complaint, this women is board certified in the medical field and has probably worked more hours in 2.5 days than you do in your entire under-educated week. Just keep in mind,...your there for help and not all Doctors even pretend to care, Lydia genuinly care's and on the other hand has an incredibly fit body you can admire while getting your examination. So keep in mind that hot blondy with a rocking body is a Dr. that works a min. of 12 hours a day. If you had a clue, it would feel like a hurnia. :) ;) 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	Dr. Jeffcoat has a complete new staff.  Her old sour nurse is no longer there!!!  I have found her to be very compassionate and a great listener.  Yes, it sometimes does take a little longer to get in to see her because of over-booking appointments.  She is definitely worth the wait.  Sick visits are often made same day but with another doctor or PA.  Phone calls are returned within a reasonable time.   I would definitely recommend her to others! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	0	Dr. Jeffcoat is a very good listener who truly cares about her patients.  The problem is that it is very difficult to actually get in to see her.   It is almost impossible to actually speak to someone when you call in and they are very slow to call back when you leave a message.  When you do finally reach someone it is virtually impossible to get a same day sick visit.  When you finally do get in the office is very disorganized and they have a habit of forgetting about patients in the waiting room.  	1	1	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	0	I agree. Always late and most recently I was &quot;forgotten&quot; in the waiting room for an hour! Dr. Jeffcoat is young and inexperienced in some areas of care, but overall she is ok.  	2	1	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	-1	she is always late, rude nurse, desk is helpful, lydia sends people everywhere else rather than address thinsg herself. 	2	1	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
36	-1	she is always late. No health exam given. Her nurse is rude. Never returns calls after ER visits for follow ups. She listens, but that is all she does. 		1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	Lydia is the best. She is listens, she questions and she refers you if she needs to. Yes, there can often be a wait in her office, BUT that is not her fault. I understand that Lahey double and sometimes triple books patients; that's their modus operandi, not the physicians. I find both her receptionist and her nurse helpful; true, the nurse isn't the most compassionate person in the world, but she does a great job. As a physician, I would always err on the side of caution. When I moved to New England, my OC were due to run out in a month. I contacted the physician, they scheduled an appt for me prior to represcribing. I'm glad they did; my bp was up because of &quot;the pill&quot; and I had to come off of it. Patients need to take some responsibility for their health; that includes insuring that scripts are current. 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	Dr. Jeffcoat is a very nice doctor, and quite knowledgeable but she is CONSTANTLY running late (the SHORTEST wait I have had is 38 minutes - no lie) and her nurse is not terrific. She is incredibly rude and always treats you like you are an inconvenience. I called to have a prescription refilled (nothing big just my OC) and she wouldn't fill it because Dr. Jeffcoat was not the one who originally wrote it. I told her my OB had moved away and Dr. J was my only &quot;female doctor&quot; now and she still said no. I volunteered to come in for an exam and she said they had nothing for 2 weeks. I said I was out of my pills and could she write a prescription for just 1 pack until I could come in and see her. She said no. I immediately called another doctor who called in 1 pack and saw me the next day. I like Dr. Jeffcoat but she's got to do something about her staff. They book her too tightly and her nurse treats you terribly.  		1	3	4 	Insurance:CIGNA
37	1	great doctor. Knowledgable and funny. Made me feel at ease.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
37	1	 	4	1	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	Dr. Douglas Johnson asked me many questions about my problem and was genuinely concerned. His nerve study of my ankle was completely thorough and he told me along the way, what he was doing and why-which I thought was intriguing by itself let alone that it was being performed on me.       He reassured me with regard to the good and the bad possible outcomes and that is very important to me. No fluffing. He was very gentle, efficient, professional and considerate. I highly recommend this doctor if you need this type of service.   	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	He is an excellent physician! he is extremely engaging and amiable.very knowledgeable.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	1	I never have to wait more than a few minutes and his services are excellent. Office is very busy but well organized. No complaints here at all.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	1	Thius guy has NO bedside manner. He is not nice and difficult to make appointments with. I recommend you stay away.  		4	2	5 	Insurance:Tufts
40	1	VERY KNOWLEDGEABLE, LISTENS TO PATIENT, SAVED MY LIFE WHEN NO ONE ELSE COULD FIGURE OUT WHAT WAS WRONG.  HE ISN'T AFRAID TO KEEP TRYING UNTIL HE GIVES YOU YOUR LIFE BACK.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
41	1	She was very knowledgeable and very supportive through my fertility issues. I have been struggling with unexplained infertility and getting treatment with Acupuncture for three month, I got pragnant.THanks Min! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	. HAD SHOULDER AND KNEE REPAIRS-  I FEEL 20 YEARS YOUNGER AND PAIN FREE    NICE GUY- NOT FULL OF HIMSELF 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
42	-1	I had a herniated disk in my neck and later found that I required surgery. This doctor told me my pain was a manifestation of stress. He never even bothered to order an MRI to rule out any physical problems. I could have been paralylzed if I did not seek a second opinion. 		5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
43	0	She does not return phone calls. Her front desk receptionist calls patients instead and sometimes that takes a few days too.  Impersonal and uncaring in person. 	4	4	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	. Very helpful 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
44	1	I just recently switched my three children to Dr Gasink and absolutely love her. She is very friendly and funny; my children love going to see her.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
44	1	She shoul be more tune with phone calls, about all when the child is sick.  		5	2	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	1	Fantastic doctor. She is knowledgeable and easy to talk to. Obviously loves children and my baby reacts positively to her. Office is clean and modern and we are never kept waiting long.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
45	-1	Johnson claimed our child had 8 cavities - cost to treat, close to $2,000!  This was surprising since our child had never had a cavity (and had just switched to Johnson).  So we took our child to another dentist (told him nothing about our visit with Johnson) and he took his own x-rays and said there was only one cavity.   His asst then independently looked at the x-rays and (without knowing either dentist's prior opinion) said there was only one cavity.  According to the dental literature, many of the tiny &quot;dings&quot; Johnson wanted to call a cavities will remineralize if you just brush better.  So you can either spend almost $2,000 and structurally weaken the tooth by drilling/filling or you can teach the child to brush better.  Avoid Johnson.  Avoid. Avoid.  Don't let the nice Wellesely office fool you! 	2	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
45	-1	This doctor has very good and thorough hygienists.  He tries to make his office pleasant for kids. The office is clean and all equipment appears new.    However, Doctor Johnson pushes x-rays on children unnecessarily.  He told us to leave his practice because we refused to give our child dental x-rays every six months.  My kids had several prior x-rays that found no issues.  This doctor forced us to leave his practice due to our refusal to get biannual x-rays.  	5	5	2	2 	Insurance:Delta Dental
46	1	Dr. Jenkins has been our pediatrician for our 4 children for 13 years.  We have had a variety of issues, and he has been great.  The other docs are wonderful as well, and they are great about weekend appts for urgent care issues.  Great practice all around, and we love Dr. Jenkins and his staff.  	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
46	1	I've had Dr. Jenkins for many years.  I've just recently changed doctors because I'm 22 and no longer need a pediatrician. I don't know if I'll be able to find a better doctor.  He's polite, friendly, and extremely knowledgeable.  Highly recommended.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Tufts
46	1	I highly recommend Stephen Jenkins as your child's Pediatrician.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
46	1	Dr. Jenkins is a very smart and well-informed pediatrician. He's easy to schedule and promptly returns phone calls. The Concord Hillside Medical Associates practice is well-run.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
47	-1	Worst experience with any medical professional. Dr. Johnson is extemely unkind and should retire if he doesn't want to help people.  I left the office in tears because he refused to help me or answer my questions regarding back pain i had been struggling with my whole life.  He threw meds at me i didn't want meds! I just want to know what is wrong and causing pain but he couldn't be bothered Stay Away and go somewhere else! 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
47	0	 	3	3	3	2 	Insurance:Unknown
47	-1	Worst MD ever. Being a Paramedic for 10 years, hands down the most unproffessional human I have met. He is a horrible person 	5	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	Dr Jacobson and Lorna are the best OB-Gyn providers.   They helped me deliver my first child which was a last minute c section and dr Jacobson had me at ease through the whole process! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
48	1	Lorna is the most kind person in the world and Dr J is fabulous and the best surgion ever.if i say thank you isnt enough .  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
48	1	LORNA IS GREAT PERSON AND WAS VERY HELPFULL WITH ALL THE QUESTION I HAD SHES THE ONLY REASON WHY IM GOING BACK THIS MY SECOND APPT AND I WAS REALLY UPSET THAT I DID NOT GOT TO MEET DR JACOBSON THE FACILITY IS TERRIBLE DIRTY AND OLD.  	3	1	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	1	Can't recommend Dr. Jacobson highly enough. He has an amazing bedside manner, a wonderful sense of humor and vast knowledge of his specialty field. We never felt rushed or intrusive when working with him. He treated us as his only patients in the world. Here's an amazing story: On the night my wife was expected to deliver after a 30-hour labor, Dr. Jacobson was scheduled to be off duty. My wife was so upset by this that she broke into tears when he told us the news. The doctor canceled his personal plans to be with us in the delivery room, where our two healthy girls were born. During our five months of working with him, he became not only a trusted professional but a friend.  We look forward to every follow-up visit!a 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
48	1	He is a great doctor. i highly recommend him because he is very patient, understanding, comforting, and makes me understand everything happening during any procedures or pregnancies. The whole office is exceptional and they are always willing to take the time to answer questions for me.  Lorna is an asset to his practice too!! Don't go anywhere else!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	1	This doctor and his office are tremendous. I have been a patient there for almost 20 years. I've gone through a number of procedures through the years and have always felt supported, educated, and cared for. Thanks so much, Dr.  J! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
48	1	A great doctor! Compassionate and understanding, very supportive and accessible during a lengthy labor and delivery.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unicare
48	1	HE TOOK OVER MY DAUGHTERS CASE.  HE IS WONDERFUL.  HE HIT THE DX RIGHT ON THE NOSE.  HE WAS SENSITIVE TO HER NEEDS AND MADE HER ACCEPT HER GYN PROBLEMS. VERY NICE GOOD PERSON 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	Very pleasant. Explained my condition without using too much medical jargon and developed a clear treatment plan. Overall an excellent experience.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	1	Great doctor. Very pleasant. Spent a lot of time explaining things to me. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
49	0	 	4	3	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
50	-1	. poor quality of care !long waiting at the lobby! 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
51	1	Once your doctor, always your doctor. Great 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	verry good dr. I had alot of lower back pain for 5 years now I feel great 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	Gentle, courteous--- my entire family have been long term patients.  You won't find any better. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	excellent personality.  conscientious, caring.  not shaming.  encouraging and helpful.  best dentist i ever went to. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
54	-1	This doctor is extremely uneducated in the area of vaccintations.  She is not open to alternative vaccination schedules and will treat you with extreme rudeness and unprofessional behavior if you have any concerns about vaccination schedules.  We had one appointment where she was over an hour late to see us.  The visit lasted less than five minutes once she finally arrived.  She is very judgemental and patronizing.  If you want absurdly long waits and to be treated like you are an uneducated child then she is perfect for you.  If you are educated, ask questions, and have even the slightest desire to follow a safer alternative vaccination schedule then she is not the right doctor for you. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	. She is wonderful, gets you in right away and is always willing to sit and listen to your concerns, Thank God I found her! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
55	-1	DR. Joseph Jankowski M.D. Misdiagnosed my son ,In 1991. He was very opiniated ,ans did not  listen to legitimate parents concerns . I did defeat him In Court. 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	Very Very Good doctor.  		3	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
56	-1	Dr. Jacobs has been my doctor for several years.  I self diagnosed myself and saw her for verification.  I was ok with this set up until my last visit when I mentioned that I had a &quot;blister&quot; type thing in my gum (it was located in a fold of my gum) that I couldn't see, but could feel it, and my kids could see it and said it was gross.  I asked her to check it out and she stated she couldn't see it and not to worry about it. well, not worrying about it cost me 3 trips to an oral surgeon, lots of pain and agony and I now have 3 less teeth!  I had a severe gum infection caused by an abcessed tooth!  That was the last straw as I realized I  Dr Jacobs is NOT on top of her game! I also got tired of listening to her talk about her &quot;natural&quot; health/healing products.  I have found another doctor who is more than willing to take the effort and time to check me out completely and I will feel comfortable knowing that I truly have a clean bill of health!! 	3	2	2	1 	Insurance:Tufts
56	-1	I had seen Dr. J for 12 years and found I would always be an advocate for myself. I'm old enough that my cholestral should be checked every year, she refused and said it should only be done every 3 to 5 years. When she had blood work done on me, (only at time of physical) I never got the results of my blood, so I never knew what she even checked for. If I had an issue I would go to a specialist on my own to find out what was wrong with me.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
56	-1	Stayed way too long with this doctor.  After complaining multiple times about an issue, she basically told me I was in early menopause (I am 33.) I researched myself and made appointments with an endocrinologist.  I have been recently diagnosed with Cushing's Syndrome.  She is always running late and the staff is horrible!  Just need to find a new PCP.  	1	1	2	2 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
56	1	I would never recommnend anyone to this doctor.  She has major boundary issues.  Tries to sell her natural remedies to patients that's her private network marketing business.  	1	3	3	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
56	1	She is a good doctor, a nice person and a friend! She is very busy, but i think that in an real emergency she will help.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Tufts
56	-1	not attentive. does not follow up.. often times mis-diagnosis problems.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
56	-1	Her staff is very rude and unfriendly and if complained she favors them. She does not like to send patients to the specialists. I suffered from a sickness for 5 years until I insisted on seeing a specialist and finally got onto the correct diagnosis and treatment.  	1	2	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
56	-1	I also had a bad experience with her when I had swimmers ear and needed drops. For over a week I was going to the pharmacy every day after being told by her staff that it had been called in. Finally after a week then told she would not call it in, I had to come in to see her! Also she has a business selling &quot;natural&quot; substances on the side which I think is a conflict of interest.  	2	1	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
56	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Jacobs for 14 years, and followed her from a previous Needham practice. I find her patient, kind and knowledgable. I never feel rushed and always feel sincerely cared for ... my medical life has not been without its complications and I feel secure knowing she's watching out for my health and a partner in my care. I'd recommend her to anyone and in fact I'm in the process of transferring my 18 year old son to her care from his pediatrician.  	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
56	1	I have been going to Dr. Jacobs for 8 years. I agree her staff are rude and she is always running behind schedule. However, I have had a very different experience than the others on here that have written about her. She's been really patient and helpful and kind to me. Very knowledgeable and doesn't speak down to me when I have health related questions for her. I had a lump in my breast and she told me not to worry (though of course I did), so I had it checked out, and when I saw her again, she said although i didn't have to, she was glad I did to put my mind at ease. She has email, and I've emailed her about a half a dozen times in the past year, and she has always replied personally within 12-15 hours (though they tell you not to use the email system in cases of an emergency). I'm definitely not trying to discount the other people's experiences with her that were negative, however, I just wanted to share my experience with her, since it has been so different from the others.  	1	2	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
56	-1	The staff is just the worst. They are uncaring, obnoxious, rude beyond reason. After waiting for over an hour to see Dr. Jacobs she acted like she could have cared less. It was just a gross experience from beginning to end. I have never ever been treated in such a vile manner.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Tufts
56	-1	Its hard to rate the doctor since it is hard to actually speak to her. I've always found her pleasant when I did see her in person. I started seeing her when I got out of college, but after a very unpleasant experience with her staff I switched. 10 years later, I found myself needing a PCP and went back to her -- big mistake. Her new office is even worse - the people who take your call are rude, no return calls from doctor or staff, no follow-up -- I have to repeat the same information to the same people every time I call. Referral list I was given for lump found in breast that needed removal were not taking patients -- after I found my own surgeon they refused to work with me on the referral and I had to pay for surgery out of my own pocket. Staff frequently hang up the phone, refuse to give their names, and are very rude.  		1	1	1 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
56	-1	I also had an unpleasant experience with this doctor some time ago and changed doctors. I would not recommend her.  		3	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
56	-1	She has misdiagnosed several patients including breast cancer, no followup when she found a lump, also didn't discover lung cancer in a friend, I waited almost 2 hours to see her my last appointment and she always claims she doesn't get messages when she doesn't return calls. I was diagnosed by a specialist I insisted on seeing as having pneumonia and severe asthmatic symtoms. Dr. jacobs said it was normal to have severe wheezing and to be coughing up blood. When i called her at 11:00pm about the blood she reprimanded me for calling her and hung up.Needless to say I left her!! She has too many patients and can't care for them, and has an ego to contend with.  		1	1	1 	Insurance:Tufts
57	1	Amazing! Helpful and caring doctor at an incredible facility! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	I have been to  a half dozen chiropractors over the years and I found Paul Jackman to be the most thorough Chiropractor I have been too. Many chiropractors seem more caught up in the business of running a business than treating their patients. Paul is exceptionally caring. He spends a lot of time with you. Quite frankly I am not sure why he isn't exhausted by the end of the day as he puts in so much effort with each person. I would highly reccomend Paul. He is knowledgeable. It is a good experience being treated by Paul. I went to Paul due to a reverse curve of the neck which resulted in my arms falling asleep at night. I have had substantial improvement after my treatment. I would highly recommend Dr. Jackman. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	My husband has had sciatica and lower back pain for 3 years.  A month ago, the pain got so bad that it kept him from sleeping.  We made an appointment with Dr. Paul, and he took a good 45 minutes explaining in detail exactly what was anatomically causing the pain, then he started performing motion/strength tests.  He was very thorough with the examination, and he explained to us exactly what he was doing as he was performing the tests.  He then explained which vertebrae he though should be moved, in which direction, and why.  Then he made the adjustments.  After that first visit, my husband felt no sciatica pain whatsoever.  He has gone to Dr. Paul for 3 weeks now, and each time, his back and neck feel better and more flexible.  We highly recommend Dr. Paul for his expertise and desire to take time and explain things to the patient. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
59	-1	COMPLETELY INEPT/USELESS. She was my pcp for several years while I searched for a diagnosis to a chronic condition. She failed to follow up, refer me to specialists/do labs, or respond to other dr's requests from her. She prescribed haphazardly, then abruptly took me off of serious medication because she was worried she'd &quot;get in trouble&quot; for prescribing it in the first place. She told me she &quot;didn't know much about what would happen if I stopped it&quot; and I ended up in the ER. Completely abandoned me as a patient..not that she helped in any way while I was with her to begin with. Just find someone else.. I can't believe she was given a license to practice. Worst medical experience of my life.  	2	4	1	1 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
59	1	She's sooooo nice, which to me means a lot.  Most doctors have no bedside manner, and are cold, heartless, but she's very kind.  I heard a patient yelling at her in the room next to mine one day (I had heard the patient yelling at the front staff too telling them not to look at her, and she didn't want to wait anymore, I made no eye contact!) When Dr. John came in after being yelled at all she said to me was, &quot;I'm sorry for making you wait so long!&quot;  She's always been happy to fill my prescriptions.  I've had a hard time finding a caring pcp, I plan on sticking  with her!  The staff had been crankier in the past, but lately I've noticed they're much nicer, maybe someone talked to them or someone left, I don't know.   I've been there recently twice and they've been polite, and having polite staff makes a huge difference! 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	1	Dr John is an incredibly compassionate and thoughtful doctor. I have never had an issue with referrals. Her schedule allows me to see her when I have to - not usual with other primary MDs.  I strongly recommend her! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	1	I have really enjoyed having Dr John as my primary and was surprised to see the negative comments.  I'm young and have a considerable lack of knowledge in medicine, but Dr John has always listened to my every concern and explained everything to me.  Unlike some of my prior doctors, she listened and therefore discovered through a simple blood test the cause of my health complaints and prescribed an easy solution.  I was warned that doctors tend to brush off or discount their patients and that as a patient I would need to be pushy and loud to be heard or seen.  None of this has proven true with Dr John, and I will continue to stay with her.  Her staff, however, is average at best and I agree that they can be slow.  As for Dr Johns punctuality, it is dependent on the time of day.  I have gone to see her in the morning and not waited at all, while other times I have gone in the late afternoon and waited between 20 to 45 minutes.  So I would suggest, if possible, to go in the morning. 	2	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
59	-1	The staff are so rude, and are always putting me on hold, and when I am there in person, they are always stuffing their face with food or always on their own phones and talking about their personal lives. Dr. John is very unhelpful. I have brought many concerns to her about my health and she told me &quot;you just have to work with it&quot; I'm sorry, but if I feel like there's something wrong with my body, please help. You are a Doctor! 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
59	1	Dr John is cautious and friendly. Always uses a reference guide for prescriptions. I have used her on several occaissons and prefer my primary but she has been Very helpful.  	5	5	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	-1	Not helpful. I told her 3 times the name of my normal prescription (this was my first visit to her as a pcp). She went back to the other room, wrote me a prescription for a different drug with only similar benefits.... and it was the one I'd told her I was ALLERGIC to. ---- She also briefly listened to my lungs, told me they were clear.... less than 2 days later i was diagnosed by another doc with bronchitis. I'm in medicine as well.  It didn't develp magically in less than 48 hours 	4	3	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
60	1	Dr. Janeway is incredible!  I echo exactly what the other positive review said.  I have been to many doctors and have never had another who was so thorough, patient, concerned, etc.   She never ever made me feel rushed or scared (like most other doctors do!)  I wish all doctors were like her!! 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
60	-1	. see overall review of Windsor Street Health Center 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
60	1	Wonderful, absolutely wonderful. Incredibly attentive doctor who truly listens to her patients. Systematically will work through a list of complaint/ailments, fulling addressing each one. No sense that she is rushing or hurried to get you out the door, even if she has a lot of patients she is effecient but effective. I would highly recommend her to anyone looking for a compassionate and skillful PCP.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
61	-1	Seemed to be bored by my illness and wrote it off as anxiety when it was actually an industrial ingestion of a toxic substance. My recovery took approximately 2 years.  		3	1	1 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
62	0	Cons - I feel as if Dr. Johanson is not proactive enough.  It seems as if she does not seem to take our concerns seriously and has been somewhat condescending to my husband and I. Pros - she is kind and gentle with our child and does not rush us through the appointment. Overall, I would not recommend her to a friend.  	5	3	2	4 	Insurance:HealthPartners
63	1	Dr. Johnson is very caring,and accurate.  I have been going to him for years.  I recommend him to anyone. He will take very good care of you always. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	Dr Johnson knows what he is doing. He is a busy man. He took me in as a new patient when my doctor was not in the office and I had experienced an emergency. He does not have much faith in topicals and is likely to give you cortisone shots for something like scalp psoriasis. He co-authored a dermatology atlas; he has a serious disposition but listens to his patients pretty well---probably more if he weren't so truly busy.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
64	1	I absolutely love this doctor.  I have had him for 15 years. This is a doctor that really cares about you.  You feel like you are his only patient.  I have had no problems with him.  He is kind, patient and very intuitive.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	1	An outstanding patient oriented Physician who combines the best of holistic life style medicine and conventional western medicine. Have used him many times and have always been pleased. he spends as much time a needed and does not rush.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	1	I have been a patient of this office for many years and find it difficult to see a review for this office the is not positive.  Dr. Jangi has shown sensitivity and great knowledge in every issue brought to him from myself and my family.  You just can't make everyone happy.  I would not hesitate to give this office and Dr's name to anyone looking for a new physician.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Tufts
64	-1	My husband went to Dr. Jangi for a year complaining of a pain in his left side. Dr Jangi would not order any tests or refer him to another doctor. He kept giving him antibiotics. My husband was told it was irritable bowel syndrome, sushi that he ate, a spastic colon etc.After the last round of antibiotics did not work, my husband called the doctor again. Thankfully he was on vacation and my husband saw the covering doctor,who DID order some tests. THE RESULTS WERE THAT MY HUSBAND HAS TERMINAL PANCREATIC CANCER THAT HAS SPREAD TO HIS LIVER.MY HUSBAND WILL DIE SOON DUE TO DR.JANGI'S POOR CARE.DO NOT USE THIS DOCTOR. IF YOU KNOW SOMEONE WHO DOES. PLEASE TELL THEM MY STORY.NOT ONCE HAS DR.JANGI CALLED TO SEE HOW MY HUSBAND IS. I HOPE HE IS HAUNTED BY HIS NEGLIGENCE !!!! 	5	3	1	1 	Insurance:Tufts
65	1	Love her!!!   I've been to Linda a number of times over the years - wheenever I have trouble with my back.  She is teriffic. She listens, she is extremely knowledgeable, and she is gentle with needle placements and is alwyas helpful. She has no staff.She handles everything herself. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	Linda is a fabulous acupuncturist - I've been going to her for years. 	 4/5/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	Erica is fantastic. Very thorough, thoughtful, and not rushed.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	1	Dr. Johnson is a great doctor.  She does not rush your appointment and will call you to see how you are feeling.  Lately, she has become slightly passive. 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	Such a caring and knowledgeable doctor.  I wish she took my new health plan- was sad to leave.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
66	1	An extremely caring, concerned and thorough Dr. The best!! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	Dr Jiang was wonderful with his quick response to my husband's heart attack.  He did surgery and cleared two of his arteries in a Boston Hospital.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
68	-1	This doctor was very rude, unhelpful to my needs, dodged answering questions, does not return phone calls.   NEVER seeing this doctor again! 	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
68	-1	Dr Jay was the most insensitive and uncaring doctor one could imagine. Especially for someone whom is supposed to be helping women through one of the most difficult phases of her life. She did not offer any help or information that was addressing the needs of the patient. I would not recommend her to anyone.  	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
68	0	Dr Jay seems caring and takes the time to spend with her patients, however, she keeps patients waiting (she is even late for the first appointment of the day). Last time I waited an hour to see her. This is unacceptable. 	4	1	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	Have not had any issues with this particular doctor and the staff.  	4	5	4	5 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
68	-1	Dr. Jay has a terrible personal style. She is unsympathetic and cold. She is unknowledgable about prescriptions commonly subscribed in her practice. She makes you feel like she is not very interested in you or your problem. Avoid her!!! 		3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	I've been to two other doctors over the last 8 years. Dr. Johnson took one visit (and asked the right questions) to take of medical issues that went undiagnosed and were clearly pre existing. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	I've seen her a few times, and there's nothing bad about this Dr, but there's also nothing great 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	Dr Jackson is amazing. I truly believe that he saved my son's life. He and his team took the time to explain in detail what the procedure involved. He is very caring, patient and thorough. I would highly recommend him to any parent for their child's pediatric surgery.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
71	1	Extremely knowledgable, compassionate, &amp; caring. He's the most on-time doctor I've ever used. Really listens and explains things well.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
71	1	excellent.very knowledgeable,returns call promptly.appts are set aside for emergencies,also has dreat back-up with the nurese practioner.proper referrals are made as necessary.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
72	1	Dr. Jeng was our Dr. of choice for the birth of our child given all of the great things we had heard about her. During prenatal visits she was spectacular and made a lasting impression on Mom &amp; Dad. When it came time for the birth of our child she was missing in action. After the birth of our child her staff was less than courteous and was far from punctual on having paperwork completed. I would recommend this Dr. for prenatal visits but don't expect her to be there for the birth of your child. Her staff needs some lessons in professional courtesy and general human courtesy. 	1	4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	She is the best OB/GYN Doctor around. Down to earth and caring and compasionate. Makes you very comfortable. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	Dr. Jeng is by far the best all around physician I have had.  She has professionalism combined with genuine compassion and personal caring.  I am post menopausal and have been seeing Dr. Jeng for about 5 years.  My married daughter is also a patient of Dr. Jeng.  Recently, my daughter and her husband suffered the loss of their baby girl through stillbirth. Dr. Jeng was and still is vital to their recovery.  I am forever grateful to have Dr. Jeng in our lives.   Very special person! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
73	-1	.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
74	1	Very caring and knowledgeable . l saw him on 3 visits 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
75	-1	Damn near killed me. He conveyed his service to me as being routine with no risk. Put a hole in my heart by ablating when common sense says that he shouldn't have. Don't use him.  	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
75	1	Very knowledgable electrophisiolgist.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
76	1	Sydney Jimenez is an awesome physician with a personality that can't be beat. During office visits, Dr. Jimenez goes out of her way to make the patient feel as they are her only one that day; never rushing or minimizing the patient. In addition, Dr. Jimenez has a very comforting &quot;bed-side&quot; manner that is very comforting. I felt very at ease to discuss very personal issues with her immediately. Dr. Jimenez is new to the area and I'd recommend her to anyone looking for a primary care physician. Sydney: thanks for doing what you do so well! You rock! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
77	1	A wonderful and compassionate and caring Dr.  She took the time to listen to my issues and gave me wonderful options for therapy 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
77	-1	she did a bad service and cut me too deep. this left me with a long scar. she was never on time and couple of time she never show up. I would never, ever recommend her to anyone.  	1	2	1	3 	Insurance:Medicare
78	1	Dr. Jeong and her staff are the best ! Very caring.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
78	1	Dr. Jeong is just amazing!! Is she a surgeon or psychiatrist&#63; She just makes you feel better!! I feel like I have had a spa service , not mouth surgery. Recommend her to everyone ! I wish all my doc are like Dr.  Jeong---- 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	1	She was very kind and gentle.  She took her time answering all my questions before and after the surgery.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
78	1	She is the best surgeon, very kind, caring, and patient.  Her receptionist, Maureen, was extremely helpful with scheduling and billing issues. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	He is truly an outstanding Doctor in his chosen area of expertise. He was extremely helpful and through both before an after surgery. He did an excellent job on my surgery. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
79	0	At 9:00 am we had a 50 minute wait. This happened at both appointments. I took my child in for a strange affliction. It took me 2 visits before I got him to explain several things to me. He did a good job with explanations once I was able to get him to talk about what I needed to know. When he decided he was done with the appointment even though I still had questions, he left the room. He did that on two occasions. It was obvious he didn't know what the problem was. He did give us several theories, which was fine and we needed that info in order to know where to go next for help. But, in order to hide the fact that he didn't know what was wrong he started to belittle me and blame me for my child's problems. We were all sitting down and when he started to belittle me he stood up so that he was looming over me and then just walked out of the room. He could have referred us to another doctor but he didn't.  His office also charges you first before you see the doctor!!!! 		1	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
80	1	I visited the Emergency Room because of severe knee pain. So I only saw Dr. Jackson for 15 minutes. Then I Was Treated by an Emergency Orthopedist.  He rushed my conversation, but very knowledgeable 	5	5	2	5 	Insurance:Medicare
81	1	This man is one of the most compassionate and skilled doctors alive. He has been a wonderful cardiologist to my father for about 10 years now, and I believe he is a miracle doctor. If it wasn't for him, my father would not be alive today. As mentioned previously, this man is an angel. I completely agree.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
81	1	This doctor is an Angel not a man~ A#!~ The best.  He is caring and sensitive to the patients needs. Exceptionally attentive and truly about the whole cares.  I cannot praise him enough. A definite asset to medical community.  Dr Januzzi has restored my faith in the medical profession.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
82	-1	this is not the dentist for you if time is an issue. Expect to wait up to 1 1/2 hour before being seen. Personality is definitely an issue- there is none. I had to travel 45 mins to see this dentist and waited 1 1/2 hrs and finally had to reschedule my appt due to other commitments.  I will be looking for another dentist!! 	5	1	1	2 	Insurance:Tricare
83	0	too busy to attend to his scheduled patients 	1	1	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
83	1	Dr. Janowski is extremely intelligent, kind, outgoing, funny, and positive, and he goes out of his way to help and care for patients as well as their families and friends. He sees his patients not as cases but as whole people, and respects and is concerned about quality of life issues. He is a wonderful physician with an incredible bedside manner. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	The best.  Did not have to wait at all, in fact I wasn't even done filling out the forms and he was there.  Very understanding, covers all the bases.  He calls you personally with your test results in case you have any questions.  The staff are very pleasant and helpful.  The office is easy to find and the waiting room is neat and tidy.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
85	-1	His medical assistant Melissa has the worst attitude she cant commuicate with people at all. the office cant even schedule appts. on time wait there 1 hour and then be told it will be another 1 1/2 hours.  he should pay for my time 	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
85	1	Dr. William Jackson is the best physician I have ever had.  He caring, compassionate, and very concerned about all of his patients.  He is not afraid to get second and third opinions and the assistance from other doctors.  He is also just a wonderful human being. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	he has helped me more than my primary.  I think he cares about the patient more than his status.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
86	1	Dr. Jang has improved his people skills tremendously.  He is a caring and expert doctor.  I recently had back surgery and, because of some mild heart issues, Dr. Jang came to see me almost every day.  Amazing.  Hard working and diligent, Dr. Jang's expertise is unrivaled.  He is conservative and goes by the book.   Great Doctor! 	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
86	1	i have been a patient of Dr. Jang for 13 years. i find bim caring and proffesional. i bever wait for an appointment and he always talks with me during and after the exam. any tests he sends me for or co-ordinated through mass. general and i have never had a problem. i find Dr. Jang to be a fantastic doctor and an excellent physician. he daved me from unneeded by-pass surgery. there is none better. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
86	-1	Dr. Jang did not speak to me for the entire evaluation. He is not interested in the fact that a person is seeking medical care but rather treats you as an object. At the end of his evaluation, he decided to order a special imaging procedure. His office never coordinated this test with the hospital department that conducts this test and after waiting for three months I was forced to contact other hospitals in the area to inquire if they could perform the procedure. When asking him to speak with a physician at another hospital about the details of the order for the procedure, he said that it is not his office policy to coordinate test procedures. Without his authorization, no other hospital could legally perform this procedure based simply on my request. He does not care about the welfare of his patients and is merely interested in your care if you are able to serve as a clinical trial candidate. 	 9/22/06		4	1	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	Dr. Jennings is amazing!  Without his help my grandson would not be with us.  Words alone can not express our gratitude.  The doctors from his hometown could offer us no hope.  It was a miracle that Dr. Jennings was able to come into our lives.  He is brutally honest and extremely talented. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	Without a doubt the best doctor ever; he saved our daughter's life operating on her when she was 12 hours old to repair her esophagus and we would not have her were it not for him. He answers all emails and cellphone calls and never makes you feel rushed.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
87	1	By far the most knowledgeable and compassionate doctor you could meet.  Honest to the point it is almost brutal, but he knows his stuff.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
87	1	Pediatric/Fetal surgery. Kind and Compassionate yet very honest and direct. This is the guy to go to when you think nothing can be done. He'll treat you like family.  		3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
88	1	 	4	1	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	I've been going to Dr. Jain now for years.  She always has been helpful and takes time with me.  She takes the time to understand my illnesses as well as setting a baseline for future ailments.   two thumbs up! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
89	1	Dr. Jain is a very good doctor, she has been taking care of my daughter for 11 months now, she is very informative and takes the time to answer all of your questions. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
89	-1	 	4	3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
90	1	My daughter was 4 when started going to Dr Jaffe. He is WONDERFUL with little children. Keeps them smiling and happy as helping them. He put tubes in my daughters ears, and I couldnt be more happy with the work he did. Hes just such a pleasant man and my daughter is NEVER scared to go to his office.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
90	1	Very friendly, well managed office staff.  Doctor is very professional, listens to the patients.  Didn't feel rushed.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
91	1	I echo the previous commenters.  Great doctor:  patient, friendly, informative and clear without talking down to me or over my head.  Repaired my nasty ankle fracture with a minimum of pain.  No pain caused by his office, his staff, him or the hospital!  On the contrary, they made the experience (almost) a fun one.  I don't plan on breaking anything again but if I need an orthoped, I'm going back to Dr.  Johnson! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
91	1	Tremendously talented surgeon with an outstanding personality.  His supporting staff is just as patient and warm as he is.  Dr Johnson replaced both of mom's knees within 6 months & she is like a new woman.  We can't say enough positive things about his approach to and follow up of the surgery.  Prior to surgery, mom couldn't walk more than 10 feet without holding on to something; crawled up the stairs on all fours and couldn't descend stairs without sitting.  Now we can't keep track of her.  She followed all of Dr Johnson's advise re: post surgical care.  Never had a complication and has exceeded our recovery expectations.  Our family has only the utmost praise for Dr Johnson; the world needs more medical professionals like him & his staff.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
91	1	Completely awesome. Double hip replacement. Gave us confidence we were doing the right thing, and followed through. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
92	-1	He was one of the most arrogant Dr's I have ever met. Never touched my back. Never made me get off the table.He gave me three options and I asked which would he recommend and he refused to answer. I left unsatisfied and will never return - terrible experience.  	5	2	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
92	-1	The only thing I can say is, if you have back pain go to Boston. Boston says I have an injury which requires surg. and he said he couldn't find anything &quot;maybe shoe shims &quot; would relive my pain. As a new patient in pain you would think he would stay with me for more than 5min.  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
92	-1	Very rude and rushed.  Appointment was less than two minutes.  Ends up he was wrong in his diagnosis.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
92	1	He's very kind and compassionate as well as a very good surgeon.  I have recommended him to a few friends of mine who were in need of a neurosurgeon.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
92	1	Everything about this office and this doctor is excellent. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
92	-1	my p.c.p. ref. me to this person (i cant bring myself to call him a DR) NEVER introduced himself, walked into the office, said, i looked at your mri's there is nothing wrong with your spine, get off the pills.me=why do i have to sit on toilet to get dressed,why is my back so inflamed&#63;what about slipped discs&#63; him= i have a slipped disc (walks around the office) i get along just fine, anisth.cant get needle through because of spasms. him= prob.charlie horses.me=no they are spasms.him=arguing with me.him=interuptions with phone calls secr.said not important,he looks at me shakes his head and said, i will take the call.he said nothing wrong with spine.me= why injection in periformis muscle that stopped years of sciatica&#63; why trigger shots,epidermal,s1 injections. arent those in spine&#63; him yes.this is 1 arrogant pompous exscuse of a doctor.e-me ljmcgarry@aol.com, put his name in subjectbox.so i know its ok to open. I WOULD NOT SEND MY GOLD FISH TO THIS SAD EXSCUSE OF A so called DR.  	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Tufts
93	0	I had forgotten his arrogance which has not changed over the years. That is one thing if you can back it up with knowledge which he can. But the total disinterest and attitude was appalling.I won't be returning as too many other good ones around with a lot of knowledge and compassion to boot.  	3	3	1	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
93	1	I saw Dr. Jacobs due to constant voice loss. As a teacher of 30 years, he indicated this was an occupational hazard. He did a test to see if I had any vocal fold nodules, he was accurate and described the complexity of this test. since it was down my throat, it was hard to be relaxed. Dr. Jacobs was very patient and reassuring. It was over in 2 mins 47 sec even though it was scary, Dr Jacobs talked me through it. Luckily, I had no issues so was sent for voice PT. When I returened for my follow-up Dr Jacobs said &quot;What else can I do for you to help you in your classroom manage this issue. I told him the years I had a Soundfield System I had no issues so on the spot he gave me a script for a soundfield system (microphone) in my classroom. While my school system was less than thrilled as I had no students that year with any hearing issues, they were required by law (504) to provide this equipment for me. I have now been 4 years without issue.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
93	0	The staff is rude and unprofessional, he is never on time, and seems to have the attitude &quot;you need me, more than I need you.&quot;  He's extremely knowledgeable, but too cocky for me.  I  would never recommend him, there are plenty of knowledgeable doctors in the area. 	1	1	1	5 	Insurance:Unknown
93	1	I had a lot of trouble with his assistant, messages not returned for days.  But he is a great doctor and exceedingly nice person.  I would recommend him to anyone. 	1	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
93	0	I would not see this doctor again if my life depended on it.  This man has the *worst* attitude towards patients I've ever encountered.  Appears to have &quot;god syndrome&quot;.  His knowledge in the field cannot make up for his &quot;holier than thou&quot; attitude. 	1	3	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
93	1	Intelligent, informative, and quite skilled. His practice was started by the best in the business and it is still run with high level of professional ethics.  My first choice ! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
93	1	WONDERFUL with children. He has been treating my almost 5 year-old daughter since she was 18 months. He is gentle, personable, knowledgeable, and explains everything so well. He is very approachable. She loves him and thinks he is very funny.  		2	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
93	1	. outstanding doctor,very helpful,have had several sinus surgeries ,everything came out fine,very smart guy,recommend to all,very friendly,listens to you 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
94	0	Dr. Jeznach is rude! He has a rotten attitude. Looking for a new primary care right now...  	3	4	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
94	1	Dr. Jeznach and his staff are superb. He is very thorough, and runs a very busy office practice very well. I would recommend Dr. Jeznach to anyone.  Once I had terrible back pain, and they waited for me to get to the office after work and stayed there just for me, I really appreciate all that they do for me, 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
94	1	We really like Dr. Jeznach. He is frank, knowledgeable and aggressive.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
94	1	I have gone to Dr. Jeznach for many years as does the rest of my family.  He has always been very assertive in my treatments and has referred me to specialists many times.   Honestly, had he not insisted that I get a procedure way before the &quot;recommended&quot; age due to a family history, I probably would have serious issues right now.  He has never made me feel rushed, makes sure that he has answered any questions and will even work at pulling conerns out of me that I may be reluctant to discuss.  I personally would recommend him to anyone looking for a Dr. that will get to know you and your circumstances.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
94	-1	My mom had Dr. Jeznach for her primary care physician for years. Every time she had a new medical issue, he would just throw another prescription medication at her. Dr. Jeznach had my mom taking Vicodin 4X a day for osteoarthritis and back pain for over a year. Over time, my mom started showing symptoms of early dementia and was extremly lethargic. Dr. Jeznach wanted to start my mom on Oxycontin. I refused to let him put her on that highly addictive narcotic, and I took my mom to a new doctor in Sturbridge. The new doctor was in shock at the large amount of drugs mom was on for treatment of the medical conditions she had. The new doctor cut back on many of the drugs and eliminated the Vicodin entirely. She did a complete work-up on my mom with numerous lab tests, and one thing we found out was that my mom had a (benign) tumor on one of her ovaries - we would have never known about the tumor with Dr. Jeznach. My mom now has more energy, less pain and no more signs of early dementia.  	1	4	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
94	-1	Just arrogant, unhelpful, knows it ALL when he doesn't.  Definitely do not recommend him.  Had as primary care when happened to injure back at work, wanted absolutely NOTHING to do with it - the only thing he seems concerned about is high blood pressure, you got problems beyond that, you are on your own... and dont dare disagree with him.  	2	3	1	2 	Insurance:Workers Comp
94	0	Dr. Jeznach has an unpleasant beside manner. He tells me that my son has a serious illness. He became arrogant when I was asking him questions about it. He showed no empathy towards me or my son. He is unprofessional, uncaring, doctor it you want my opinion.  	2	5	1	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
94	-1	This man was my father's doctor. He thinks he knows everything. My father comes from New Zealand near the ozone hole, so he's worried about skin cancer. Jeznach told him not to worry and wouldn't give him a referral to a dermatologist. My father disagreed with him about a diabetes medicine, and Jeznach &quot;fired&quot; him as a patient. The new doctor happily, quickly referred my father to a dermatologist and he found a mole worthy of a biopsy. Jeznach thinks he knows everything. He thinks he's got just as much knowledge as a specialist in any area and gets offended when anyone questions him. He wanted to put my father on drugs meant for type 1 diabetes when he has type 2 and only because he fought hard, did my father end up on medicine that other doctors have agreed is the correct course of treatment. I think Jeznach is good for some things, like cancer, but he's not the omnipotent expert he thinks he is.  	5	5	1	3 	Insurance:Tufts
94	0	The main receptionist is brisk and seems bothered by questions even when the situation is a stressful one for the patient with cancer being a possibility.  	2	3	3	3 	Insurance:Anthem
94	1	i have been seeing this doctor for MANY years as well as my family and my parents.  initially, he appears to be as one person said... arrogant, but when you actually drop the attitude, you realize he is NOT. 	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
94	-1	Arrogant, impersonal, unpleasant 		2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
95	1	Ms lewis has cared for me or three years. She has treated my knees and back for osteoarthritis. She is very kind and really takes the time to talk with you about your condition. After a long time of wondering why my back was hurting i made an appointment on a friday afternoon. I walked into her office and leaned over on the patient table. As soon as i told her my symptoms and she examined me she thought i may have lumbar spinal stenosis. she sent me for an mri. She was the one doctor that finally made things happen for me. I do have the lumbar stenosis and i am now seeing an orthopedist with hope of getting help on their end. She works in rheumotology and i guess i was one of the lucky ones to have her throughout the past 3 years. she is just fantastic. She is a breath of fresh air when you are feeling helpless . there has never been a visit , good new or bad news..that she didnt do all she could to set my fears aside.  her staff is the best too thank u janice 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
96	1	He takes the time needed to completely fulfill  your health needs. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
96	1	Dr. Jevon is a down-to-earth PCP.  Like most PCPs, he seems harried and a less forthright patient might find him less than approachable.  However, he is willing to listen to patients and treats them with respect. 	3	5	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
97	-1	Worst office for scheduling appointments I have ever been to. 	1	3	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
97	1	Dr. Jones listens carefully.  She takes into account my needs and advises me of my choices.  While it is my decision as to my care, she takes time to educate me in order to make my choices.  Her intelligence, knowledge and humor make her an amazing doctor.I feel lucky she is on team!! 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
97	1	Dr. Jones is an extremely caring and talented doctor. Although I moved from Western Mass to Boston three years ago, I still travel over two hours to see Dr. Jones.   One of the best doctors in the valley! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unicare
97	1	Dr. Jones helped me through 3 miscarriages. She is warm and a relaxing presence. She has been open and flexible and has been a great OBGYN. Some of the staff have been wonderful too. 		5	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
97	1	Barbara Jones is quick talking and sharp. She has quickly and thankfully corrected several mis-diagnosises.... 		4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
98	-1	. very unhelpful 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
