dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	very smart doctor. My family and myself thinks she is the best ever. She always has time to spend ,explaining everything and is quite detailed. As an extra she is beautiful. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	Dr. Yadam is a very professional but also a very caring individual. He is honest and up front with you, and will answer all your questions. He is not afraid to try different treatments if he feels it will help you. If you are hospitalized, he will keep you there until he feels you are ready to go home. He is very intelligent and continues to keep up on all the new things happening in his speciality. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	-1	A horrible experience for a family member who needed radiation treatment. He id not provide our family with all we needed to know. COLD, STOIC AND VERY ODD.  	1	3	1	2 	Insurance:Medicare
3	-1	This doctor is very strange.  He will go off on an entirely different topic when all that is on your mind is whether you are going to beat this cancer.  He does not seem to truly care for his patients.  He never made me feel good after seeing him.  I eventually changed doctors and went to a doctor who is a lot more caring and willing to listen.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	-1	I am not sure if this doctor is still affiliated with DMC, but he is by far the most stoic doctor I have ever met. Not only does he hardly show any emotion, when he does it comes off very fake. Doctors treating cancer patients should have better bed-side manner. He also made my mother wait for over 2 hours for his appointments. And he always talked to her like a child. His treatment did not help her and she succombed to cancer. He made her last months worse with his attitude. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	Great doctor, very friendly and knowledgable. Felt at ease discussing my problem with her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
4	-1	Dr Yurko always seemed rushed, I never had time to ask her questions. She would disappear and leave me with assistants who couldn't answer questions. Had issues with acne for years and she kept giving me the same things that never worked. I finally switched to another Dermatologist, whom I love. They actually listen to my questions and concerns. My skin has been clear for over a year thanks to them. I would never recommend Dr Yurko to anyone. 	3	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
4	-1	I will not have a doctor that will not look me in the eye when speaking to me. Really dismissed my teenaged daughters concerns about her acne.I wanted to look at the skin care items they carry, but no one knew anything about them. Too bad. I am willing to spend a lot of money on my skin.  Staff can't handle the phones and I get disconnected 	2	2	1	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
4	1	These other comments are very accurate. Wait time was long. Not the most friendlist of people. Felt like she just wrote out the standard precription at me and out the door. 	3	3	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
4	-1	Dr. Yurko was rude and unfeeling - eyes closed when she talks to you - could care less about cutting your face to remove something you ask her about - acts like you are stupid if you are concerned about scarring - which it did - considerably - nurses were rude and made you feel like you shouldn't worry about scars - unhelpful and unkind.  Made me feel stupid for asking questions! 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	You have to get used to Dr. Yurko's demeaner, even doctors can have issues of shyness or whatever, her eyes seem to cast downward or close almost involuntarily when she talks to you. Also I have had to wait a long for appointmnet, not sure if it's the doctor or the office.  On the plus side, I thought she was knowledgeable, and when I had to have extended treatment (for skin cancer) she was pleasant and downright chatty. I feel comfortable that the medical care and knowledge is good. 	4	3	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	0	This doctor does not have very good interpersonal communication skills.  She never makes eye contact and spends what little time she does spend with you, looking away or down.  Despite my concerns over a hard dark spot on my skin, she never once touched it or got close enough to even consider it.  I prefer someone who listens and responds to my questions and addresses what my concerns are.  I simply don't feel as if she did this.  I have been to numerous dermatologists (young, old, male, and female) in more than three different states, and I have to say, that she ranks at the very bottom.  I don't doubt that perhaps she is very knowledgeable in her field, but her way of interacting with patients and having them benefit from her expertise leaves much to be desired.  I thought that since she is female, and I am, that I would be comfortable with her as a doctor and that she would understand what my concerns were.  And no, she wasn't just having a &quot;bad day&quot;; I saw her more than once.  	4	3	1	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	-1	Worst interpersonal skills imaginable.  Dislikes questions and getting answers is very difficult.  Even then, nothing in depth.  Gave me a prescription that burned my face, for a condition it turns out I did not have.  You couldn't pay me enough to back to her.  	4	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	-1	very unpersonal and slapped a perscription at me. I didn't care for that type of service. 	5	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	Dr. Yurko has a horrible bed side manner and does not make eye contact.  In fact, most of the time she talks to you she has her eyes shut!  I don't feel comfortable asking a lot of questions with her.  Once I wound up seeing the nurse practioner in that same office who was extraordinary.  She answered all my questions and made me feel like I was an old friend.  	5	1	3	5 	Insurance:Aetna
4	1	I previously submitted a poor rating for this doctor; after subsequent visits I feel compelled to change this rating.  I guess everybody is entitled to a bad day! 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	My daughter had a mole on her arm removed by Dr. Yurko. I thought she was patient, kind, and gentle. She was considerate enough to say that the mole was not likely cancerous so we didn;t have to worry until the biopsy (benign) came back.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	-1	Very poor interpersonal/communication skills; would not make eye contact and seemed generally uniterested in discussion. 	3	5	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
4	-1	She had HORRIBLE bedside manner. I was in and out of her office in 4 minutes! I was frightened to ask any questions about my treatment she was giving me. I left unclear about why she gave me the treatment she did and what it was going to do to help me. I was on the phone with my pharmacy for an hour and they were more helpful than Dr. Mary Yurko. Two days after my appointment I ended up being allergic to the medication she prescribed, and when I called the office the receptionist transferred me to voicemail. I have had nothing but trouble with this doctor and this was my first time seeing a dermatologist.  		2	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
5	1	Dr. Yousif took the time to show that he actually cared about my medical issue and did not make me feel like I was bothering him when I wanted to come back and discuss it a second time.  Friendly staff.  Overall good experience.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
5	1	I have been a patient for about 7 years, during which time the doctor has continuously treated my hypothroidism.  He is responsive to my complaints, professional in his treatment, and fair in his prices.  He continues to treat me even after my health insurance lapsed.  His is a busy office in a lower middle class area and I travel out of my neighborhood and into his office neighborhood to keep him as my doctor. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	-1	This doctor has not tried to help me.  My hair is falling out and I am fatigued.  He says that I am probably bi polar.  I said does bi polar make you lose your hair&#63;  You'll have to see a dermatologist for that.  Hello, can you please check my thyroid&#63;  He didn't even know the fasting glucose level for prediabetes.  It has changed from 110 to 100.  So now I have no help with my thyroid or my sugar.  I have to switch to someone else.  I just switched to him and have had two appointments and 2 blood draws.  He is taking a very simple problem and trying to get out of treating it.  He hasn't even tried the reverse T-3 or checked for antibodies.  My TSH level changed when I started taking birthcontrol pills and my hair loss stopped.  I don't want to take the pills because I can't lose weight. I asked my gynecologist why doctors wouldn't want to treat a thyroid, she said because then they have to monitor your progress closely and it is a pain.  Meanwhile, my hair is still falling out. 	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	Liked Dr. Youshock very much. On time, very plseasant office surroundings. Staff very helpful to find a cancellation for me. Gave me a lot of samples. Concerned about my medication co-pays, etc. she seemed very thorough with her questions and exam. Plan to send her many referrals.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	1	Very friendly staff.  Clean office.  Dr. Youshock is very good at her specialty and able to diagnose my problem.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	he did very profissional and helpful and did a great job on my hernia 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	. this doctor he is very knowledgeable, i had very good visit 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	0	Receptionist is always rude at the window. The first couple of times I thought maybe she was just having a bad day. Looks like everyday is bad day for (M). Trying to make an appt. is always answered by Dr. Sutton/Dr. Yang's office please hold. Then you hold for anywhere from 5-7 minutes. I've even hung up and called back after waiting an hour. Same response. Prescription refills are rarely called in when we're told they will be. Pharmacy always has to call for follow up (sometimes more than once). Going to start looking for another Dr. One should not have to deal with a pathetic staff to see a Dr. Currently looking to make a change. 	1	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	She is super smart and super sweet and funny. She takes the time to really listen and joke with you.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
10	1	Dr is very profesional &amp; has an excellent chair side personality.  He explains what he is doing and why.  Annette is an excellent Hygentist also.  I was referred here by one of their current client after learning that I no longer had insurance.  I was very glad I went and have always felt that the fees charged were appropriate. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	Dr. Younan and her staff are great.  She makes you feel like you are her only patient and gives an accurate diagnosis and prescribes acceptable prescriptions (in my humble opinion) every time.  Cleared up a rash that my daughter had and helped me to get healthier.  She knows when to refer you to a specialist.  Very good bedside manner.  Would be nice if the wait was a little shorter but it is generally about 15 minutes (rarely longer than 30 minutes).  I have Total Health Care HMO insurance. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	-1	this guy diagnosed my son with adhd and odd. however, he failed to speak with both parents and my ex lied to get him med.to be able to control her house.not only should he not be on this, he cant even remember things like what a tv is. this guy is a quack. i was told by his staff in order to speak to him i had to be a patient myself. wtf..i cannot believe how fast he gave him medicine with out the parents consient especially with a court order.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	0	agree with others that he just listens while looking at his laptop. I think he over diagnosis ADD and ADHD 	3	2	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	Dr. Young is very nice as the other people have stated. However, I waited 30 minutes after arriving on time just to get into his office. Than I waited 15 more minutes for him to come in from a meeting he was in with pharmaceutical reps. The appointment was supposeed to be for 40 minutes but ended up being about 25. I was perscribed &quot;Vyvanse&quot; which costs a lot of money. I was given a free 30 day supply but now I have to pay about 150 every month. The pharmacy reps he met with before me were probably the ones profiting from him getting people started on their meds then are basically stuck taking them. I have gone back once now for a medication refil but I don't plan on going there once a week like he thought I should. 	2	1	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	Completely agree with last poster.  Dr. Young is very educated in his field, however, he has horrible listening skills.  I found the exact same habits when I spoke to him, I felt as if he was more interested in his e-mail.  For what he's being paid, he should be all-eyes and ears on me! 	3	2	3	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	-1	Dr. Young was recommended as a fine doctor treating ADHD in particular.  However he is very expensive and finds an opportunity to bill for the most innocous items. What is really troubling though is he has very poor eye contact with his patients and is always looking at his computer screen while he is in his office with you. I get the impression you could talk for 10 minutes and he wouldn't hear a thing you said because he is surfing the net or reading his e mail. 	1	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	I have seen Dr. Young a few times now, I find him professional, knowledgable, willing to answer all questions. Would recommend to others. His office staff isn't the most pleasant however. They tend to be short, unhelpful, and cool. 	3	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	Dr. Yanik is OUTSTANDING!!! My son was recently admitted for a BMT and Dr. Yanik spent as much time as we needed explaining the process and answering questions.   He has an excellent bedside manner and takes a real interest in the kids.  I only wish that all doctors could be like him.  I’d highly recommend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
14	0	This man did not listen to me.  I told him I have no money.  I told him I was in a motorcycle accident, and that I have medical lifetime medical insurance that pertains to this accident.  He was cold hearted, would not listen, and gave me the worst time of my life.  I have talked to other people around the hospital and around my small town that said the same thing.  He wants your money.  Pay now, and he says he doesn't want to listen to anything that you have to say.  He is bull headed and cold.  Good luck if you go to him. 	3	4	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
14	0	I do not understand why others rated him higher them  what I am telling you is his therapy notes was wrong  with left out information . He did not listen to me at all &amp;  was very rude to me .He made it so my insurance would not pay his over 12,000.00 Thousand Dollars  that I almost died  to get this insurance from a accident . It was like This man hated  me  but I have no ideal why as I just told him the truth  about my accident . What a very cold hearted man this guy  is !!! Good luck if you see this  guy . 	2	3	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	he is a wonderful doctor.very kind and gentle with kid my son had appendicits by him .he did very good job. thank you so much 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
14	1	Dr York was very kind. He listened to me and made a prompt diagnosis. He performed my surgery and I had a very good outcome.The small laporoscopic scar healed very quickly. He did a beautiful job.I couldn't be happier. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	. Good surgeon, good at explaining problems and procedures, deserves a better rating 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	-1	childish 		1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
15	-1	Very unfortunate experience in the hospital, where many say that Dr. Dong Yu categorically gives bipolar diagnosis. Poor communicator, arrogant, incorrect diagnosis. Cultural disconnect, in Korea patients do not questions a Doctor's word. Do anything but go to this clinically chemically inclined pharmaceutical man. 	2	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
15	-1	Avoid this doctor! I went in to discuss depression. I had been diagnosed by my primary care MD and prescribed a common SSRI, and I wanted a second opinion from an &quot;expert.&quot; I told him that I wanted to avoid being on too many medications and I had some specific concerns. After an hour appointment, he told me I had bi-polar and suggested two VERY potent medications. He didn't address the other concerns even after I asked him point blank again. He offered no supports of why he thought I was bi-polar; in fact I only had one of the 3 or 4 characteristics that HE claimed a bi-polar person had. Since then, I have seen a psychologist for another opinion and got another opinion from another licensed psychiatrist in the area. They didn't think I had bi-polar and supported my original MD's diagnosis and treatment, which is helping. I can't believe Yoo thought I had such a serious psychiatric condition, when a psychologist, psychiatrist, and MD all agreed that I was simply depressed.  		5	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	0	A very strange man, a case of psychiatrist heal thyself! Heavy Korean accent, but he speaks english ok. Sentence structure of his speech is strange, you really have to concentrate to understand him. Very parocial in his beliefs and attitudes, condescending. Nearly impossible to speak with outside of appts, has answering service but he is difficult to reach, and will never call back on weekends. Rigid rules, not very flexible or understanding to work with, not willing to do anything extra for you. You should keep track of billing or there will be errors. There are better psy's in Flint than this man.  		3	2	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
16	1	I come into see this Doctor with a very high rate of pain with stress from a  very bad accident . Each time he works on me I feel 100% better . He will help me with my questions for self  help that he  is very helpful . In Ludington I would have no ideal who to see if this Doctor retires . I have been  to all of the other Doctors to get help but this one is the best !!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	Always get in quickly, everyone is very courteous and helpful.  Have been to many chiropractors over the years and Dr. Yeck has helped me the most and the quickest.  No unnecessary multiple visits.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	Very good manner and knowledgeable.  Easy to work with and listens to the patient.  Gives good advise which actually works.  His staff are very friendly and helpful.  His clinic is on a walk in basis so timeliness is not applicable.  Would highly recommend him for chiropractic services.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	-1	Dr. Yerman frequently advises his patients to submit to in-office hearing tests, which increase the billable cost of the visit substantially. If you visit him, watch for this and get a second opinion, if necessary. The staff are very nice, but the office itself is dirty, uncomfortable and outdated. In our experience, Dr. Yerman refused to acknowledge a mistake that caused our child significant pain. Our family visited on several occasions before making our assessment: we would NOT recommend him at all.  	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	Dr. Yerman performed surgery on my ear. He has a pleasant bedside manner. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	-1	Switched my record with someone elses which mis-diagnosed me leading me to believe I had a much worse diagnosis then I really did. My family went through much pain during this time thinking it was something very serious. The issue that bothers me the most is Dr. Yerman did not apologize when the record switch was realized and was very unsympathetic. I would absolutley not recommend my worst enemy to Dr. Yerman. No one should have to go through what me and my family went through!!! 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	On the cutting edge of research and development. Listens to his clients and will do his best to meet their needs. After I had consulted with 3 other ENT specialists, he was the only one willing to listen, follow through and contact a doc at Indiana University who could treat my specific problem. He is definitely a winner! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	Dr. Yerman is a very nice man and a good doctor. 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	-1	This was my first trip to a neurologist so I had never had the nerve shock test done or the test that involves sticking somesort of needle or something ( I still don't know) into the muscle. After the routine examination of my shoulder dr.Yan asked me if I had ever had a test done that evaluates whether or not I had nerve or muscle damage. I said no and she left it at that. Now, usually if a patient has never had a test done the doctor will explain the basics of it. She did not, she let me be completely and extremely painfully surprised when an electric shock was sent to my fingers and then up my arm. When that test was over she moved right into a test that examines muscles, without even telling me that she was going on to something more painful. she then stuck whatever sort of needle thing into the muscle in my hand and THEN said little poke! If you intend to do a test the actually makes your patient bleed.... TELL THEM!! I am twenty years old and have had a hip replacement along wit 	4	5	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	She is a very caring, sensitive, respectful, and helpful MD. She does listen and allows time to discuss my pertinent problems and concerns. She will refer me to a specialist and has in the past for specialist related concerns. I have nothing but the greastest respect for her capabilities and professionalism as a doctor. I have been under her care off and on through the last 16 years.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	-1	I use to be a patient of hers until she nearly killed me back in (approximately) 1999 I had been very sick for two + months with what she said was an upper respiratory infection. She had me on two different antibiotics plus high doses of an oral steroid for ten weeks! I continued to get worse & had to give up my job. I was so physically weak I could not even care for myself any longer! I asked her for a referral to a lung specialist but she refused. She stated &quot;all that can be done is being done.&quot; I made an appointment with another physician (Craig Boss) who was then a GP (he is now a sleep medicine specialist) he immediately sent me to an allergist (Timothy Linehan) who discovered I was suffering from a sever allergic reaction. I was not only well but back to work in ten days! Sadly, the steroids have caused me to have glaucoma in my left eye. Way to go Dr. Young...   JB 	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	Dr. Young is insightful, caring and courteous.  She tries to get to know her patients and their idiosyncracies that might affect their health.  With a willingness to listen to information she might not have known combined with a curiosity and desire to search for more information to help her patients, she makes every effort to help her patients have optimum health.  	4	4	5	4 	Insurance:Medicare
19	-1	She's a nice lady, but like the other person said, she doesn't really listen. I don't think she's uncaring, but do think she is rigid. I have friends who love her.  	4	5	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	-1	She's a Bad Doctor! She do not listen & uncaring! 		4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	Dr.Yashinsky is caring, compassionate and most of all, capable.  An excellent diagnostician.  He is a good listener, as well as a gifted communicator.  Highly recommend. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	She is amazing. I left the office feeling so much better about my condition. I barely sat down in the waiting room before I was called in, and she saw me promptly after her assistant was done. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	She has an excellent experience in discussing patients’ diagnoses and educating them about their condition as well as providing them with A-Z answers, while patients walk home with a clear understanding of what they have.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	1	dr. younes &amp; his staff go the extra mile to make sure you feel connected &amp; well cared for.  i would reccomend him to anyone! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
22	1	dr younes is a good doctor but his nurse has a real attitude problem, which reflexes on the rest of the staff.  	1	3	3	4 	Insurance:Henry Ford / HAP
22	1	wonderful doctor, very considerate. He Will listen to everthing you have to say.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	1	Very nice and will listen to what you have to say.  Does not rush you.   Actually will talk to you and you can usually get in the same day you call.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	SO helpful. He came in a few times for me after office hours and it was greatly appreciated. A really nice doctor, I would recommend him to anyone! 	4	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	He is a real nice man and puts you at ease. He explains everything thoroughly and is a joy to have an office visit with.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	A really good doctor thats is very helpful. His staff is so excellent. When it comes to Dr. Yu, he sits with you and tells you whats going on, rates your situtaion, answers questions, etc....                                            HIGHLY RECOMMENED 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
24	1	One of the best doctors I have ever been to.  He is a good listener and takes the time to hear what you are saying and asking. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	Dr Young and his staff are patient, caring, compassionate 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	We used to be patients of Dr Yoder but sadly chose to find another pediatrician because his office staff had made one too many mistakes and we had gotten fed up with them over the years. Their phone line is constantly busy! What business has a busy signal&#63; This wasn't just one time, but 90% of the time. We have great insurance and the staff keeps billing with the wrong codes, which in turn doesn't get paid for by insurance, which then results in us calling and trying to figure out the problem many times. I also called to see if I could reschedule an appointment and they couldn't get me in for another 6 weeks. I told them to keep our original appt. and I'd call back if I decided to cancel and reschedule. I showed up with my daughter and they said my appointment was canceled, there must have been a miscommunication. We love Dr. Yoder, but can't deal with the incompetent, unprofessional staff. It's too bad.  	1	1	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	What all these other reviewers have said is absolutely true. Dr. Yoder is a great doctor who spends the time he needs to get to the bottom of your problem, and he does have a great bedside manner and is very knowledgable. But what everyone has said about getting important refills, and getting through his staff, is absolutely true. It's impossible! My husband had a life-threatening condition for which he needed regular refills. He was told that it would take at least 72 hours to even get a return phone call, even though Dr. Yoder had specifically told him to get in touch with him before them. We told the staff that, but they simply argued with us. It takes many days, sometimes even weeks, to get simple lab results/new prescriptions. There's something wrong with their system, but the staff doesn't want to admit or fix it. If you're only going for basic check-ups, you might not notice a problem. But if you ever have something important come up, it quickly becomes very difficult. 	1	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	Dr. Yoder is a really good doctor, but his staff is horrible and incompetent.  Don't expect them to process your referrals properly, or complete any form you need them to complete.  Also they don't answer their phone before 10 AM or after 4 PM.  Lifetime medical doctors would be well served to get their office staff up and running.  	1	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	Dr. Yoder is a wonderful physician.  He is helpful, caring and listens to you.  However, his staff is a nightmare.  Beyond the policy of forcing you to pay up front and essentially having to give them a 'blank' credit card slip to charge you whatever they want, they are rude, and most importantly inept.  My husband has a serious condition - adrenal insufficiency.  He WILL go into crisis if he misses even one dose of his medication.  Trying to get refills on medications from this office is impossible!  We started calling well in advance, hoping he won't run out before they finally responded.  This past week, he started calling 7 days in advance of running out. 3 of those days he actually went to the office and sat there waiting for a prescription refill, but was told the doctor could not sign prescriptions at that time. Each time they told him it would be called in.  Each time, it wasn't.  He ended up in the hospital in crisis because they didn't fill it until after he ran out! 	 6/16/11	1	4	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	Was very happy there with Dr. Yoder until things began to go wrong, primarily with the office staff. It's a shame, because Dr. Yoder is extremely friendly. Office staff needs to be more friendly, organized, and get their act together.  	1	4	4	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
25	1	This guy is the nicest doctor I have ever been to.  He is both of our kids pediatrician and is wonderful.  The office staff is bad, but he sure makes up for it.  He takes time to explain things, socialize and mostly is always helpful.  Would not consider going elsewhere...  	2	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	-1	We visited Dr. Yoder after my son was diagnosed with a brain tumor. We provided the CT results (on a disk) along with paperwork from his ICU visit and Dr. Yoder was to forward the documents to a specialist. This was never done. We waited three weeks and he nor the staff would return the calls. This was not the first time he failed to properly follow-up. No apology or anything. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	Dr. Yoder has a great bed side manner, he was great with my daughter.  He diag. her condition. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	Spends a great deal of time with patient explaning diagnosis. Very personable. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	-1	.  	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	1	Dr. Yenchick doesn't rush you in and out of her office, but instead takes her time with you. I felt very comfortable asking her any questions. Unfortunately, she has gotten out of ob and is strictly gyn now, so I must find another doc.  : ( 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	1	She's a gem.  Truly listens and doesn't rush to decisions.  She has helped me very much as I find my way through perimenopause. 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	Dr. Mary Yenchick is a kind, compassionate, and caring doctor.  All of her patients love her and greatly appreciate her oath to dedicated medicine.  Thank You Doctor Mary! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	Dr is a very compasionate, caring Doctor that cares for each person. Thank You Dr. MAry.  There really should be more doctores like you. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	I was sent to her by my primary doctor. I have found her to be helpful and knowledgeable in her field. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	I love the doctor and the practice.  Both of my sons have received exceptional, compassionate care.  Very warm and friendly from start to finish.  They go well out of their way to be responsive to our need and to check on our boy's progress.  Highly recommended. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	Dr. Youssef is a fabulous pediatrician. She really takes the time and listens to parents and does a great job of trying to ease the anxiety of her young patients. My husband and I cannot recommend her enough.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	1	She has saved my sons mind. I love her.  She has helped him through many issues and I have seen a remarkable improvment. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	Dr Yurk is very knowledgeable and incredibly experienced.   She has great passion in her work which is demonstrated in her enthusiasm to help her patients.   Her attentiveness to detail and ability to think quickly on her feet makes her all the better in her work.   Her heart is made of gold and her wings are tucked neatly beneath her sweater. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	Saw him in the Farmington Hills office. The wait was about 30 mins past my appt time (Does it even matter anymore&#63; Is any doctor on time&#63;) The office staff is pleasant,thought it looked a little chaotic back there. Yousif rents/shares space with about 10 other gastro doctors, so guessing little to no say on the help or front office stuff. Anyway, it was certainly worth the wait. The gentleman is more than &quot;lets just worry about your guts&quot;. He picked up an on going medical issue I am having and is the first doctor to actually push the issue. After that is taken care of, time for endoscopy. I couldn't be happy with my care.  	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
29	1	Dr. Yousif if extremely knowledgeable and kind, especially when one has been diagnosed with a life threatening illness. He has an wonderful bedside manner.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
29	1	I saw the previous rating, about the office help.  Was seen in the Novi office, and they weren't horrible. About average, considering the Novi office is shared with a whole hoard of other doctors.  Dr Yousif took the time to listen, and asked questions.  I didn't feel rushed.  He wasn't dismissive, and didn't toss me a handful of scripts. Scheduled for a scope, so I'll seen how that goes.  He put my mind at ease since this was a first visit. Very approachable.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	1	WONDERFUL DOCTOR. VERY CARING AND COMPASSIONATE WITH NICE PERSONALITY AND SENSE OF HUMOR. UNFORTUNALELY, OFFICE STAFF IS UNFRIENDLY AND DIFFICULT. NOT HELPFUL AND SOMETIMES RUDE.  		2	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
30	1	Dr. Youga is a very knowledgeable and down-to-earth physician. He actually seems to WANT to help! He takes the time needed to understand the issue and will do what needs to be done to resolve the problem.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	1	Respectfull of patient's emotional state. He is kind and gentle when necessary and helps the patient make the appropriate decision regarding treatment option 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	-1	Takes too long to respond in emergency situations 		1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	Regarding the comment from July 09. We have had a completely opposite experience. My wife had knee replacement last year and scheduled for the other one this week. Staff always helpful, Dr.Yusaf has an excellent rapport with His patients, He is well trained and experienced in the procedures He preforms. We are very happy to have Him as our Surgeon. Hope you find this helpful in your decision making process.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	1	Dr. Yusaf is excellent.  I had a torn labrum repaired orhoscopically at crittenton hospital. Everything was flawless. Crittenton has a special table for dr. Yusaf that pulls the hip joint out enough to get the scope in. Before and after was just perfection. Highly recommend dr yusaf and crittenton 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	He did my ACL/Meniscus repair and I am ahead of schedule completely and the physical therapist is very happy with his work just as I am. He knew his stuff, awesome staff.  The ladies at the front desk are always talking about fun pop culture stuff, like American Idol when I was in so it was fun to wait the 10 minutes I do regularly when I go in early.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	1	I had a great experience with Dr. Yusaf. I would definitely go back for a new problem and recommend him to my friends.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	-1	You will wait and wait and wait because he overbooks as bad as the airlines. He is a marginal doctor at best. The office is 20 years behind the times technologically and the office staff has an ATTITUDE.  	2	1	2	2 	Insurance:CIGNA
33	1	This doctor is kind, knowlegable,efficient and an excellent choice for an all around doc plus her specialities. Her staff is pleasant and efficient. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	Dr. Yovan is the best!  You never walk out of there with any unanswered questions. She will take all the time you need (which explains the punctually). I have been with her for about 6 years or so and have been completely happy.  She also will keep on me about going to the gyno if she knows it's been a while...she will even bring me in a sheet with names! She wants to make sure everyone is totally taking care of themselves. She is kind, caring and up to date on a lot of issues, expecially female oriented. I can't see going to anyone else.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	1	Dr. Yang is not only one of the BEST Doctors i've ever had (and i've had several), but her nurse is outstanding! She knew just as much about me and the surgey I needed as Dr. Yang did; and this surgery was tough for me to face, due to the domestic violence I suffered that required it. The SAME surgery (different Dr. &amp; hospital) was performed on my father after he had been struck in the back of the neck by a moving hi-low and after his surgery he is paralyzed from the chest down. I can't say enough about Dr. Yang and her credibility. She is honest, kind, sincere, and professional and she gave me ULTIMATE care... NOT knowing the cause of my injury.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	0	she is the most uncaring physician I have every seen.I saw her for issues with my spine.She knew she could not help me and had me come an hour away to tell me bad news.She said she would send my doctor a followup letter regarding the visit with her.1 year later my Dr never received it.I would never recommend her or the neurosurgery dept at U of M. 	3	4	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
36	-1	I have never in my 41 yrs ever been to a dentist with such a demeanor as his he is very unprofessional and does not allow his patients to ask questions relating their dental procedures he manhandles his patients,yells at them, and if you question anything he threatens to not finish your dental work, i am appalled by his mannerisms and would never recommmend him to anyone in my family or friends.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
37	1	Dr. Yian has been a Lansing Area leading pediatrician for the past 30 years, who always has provided compassionate care. His staff and fellow physicians are also quite competent. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	Dr. Yian is very good at explaining to you &amp; the child.Going to him for years! 	3	3	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	Very knowledgable and really puts the children at ease.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	1	Dr. Yoon is very thorough, caring and has helped me stay healthy for many years. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	I love Dr Ruth Yoon; she is a very caring and wonderful doctor. I stopped going to a well known male doctor because he didn't listen to how I feel. Dr. Ruth listened and has been exactly the caring doctor I have been looking for. I have been seeing her for a few years now and I would recommend her to anyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	1	works well with patient..very proactive..keeps up with patient files and reviews all w/p.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	-1	Diagnosed heartburn as costochondritis. Useless.  	1	4	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	1	Comprehensive in care. Doesn't just look at what your current visit is for, but for your overall health status.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
38	-1	Thinks the answer to all your problems is to have a pap smear. Continually badgered me about it, even when I went in for non-related issues.  	4	5	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	1	Dr. Young is a wonderful Doctor! She asks questions about you and every time that you see her she remembers what is going on in your life/health. She is one of those doctors that if you move away are VERY hard to replace! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	Dr. Yadava was very helpful, he answered all my questions. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	Dr. Robbi Young is very patient and knowlegible.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
42	1	dr yuhnke is a kind an generous doctor.  i went there after being told by another doctor that i had 8 cavities.  dr yuhnke only found one.  i had the one filled and have been going back there for two years now, never having any other problems.  my children and extended family are all patients of dr yuhnke.  i will continue to refer as many patients as possible to dr yuhnke and his staff.  i have never felt so comfortable at any other medical or dental office as i have at abc dentistry.  i actually like going to the dentist now.   as for those other comments, all i can say is that you can't please everyone, and there are always two sides to every story 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
42	-1	I had problems with fillings falling out after a month or so, feeling extra filling material and unevenness on my teeth when they were filled, dr. telling me he don't have time to fill a tooth when I'm in pain and need it. My husband had went there and had a tooth removed, there was still some tooth left in his gum causing pain, they did not get him back in their office to remove the rest of that tooth that broke off during Dr. Yuhnke extracting it so my husband went to another dentist to have it removed. We will never go back to Dr.Yuhnke nor do we suggest anyone else to trust their smile to him.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
42	-1	Dr. Yuhnke told me I needed to have all my teeth removed and he was willing to pull all my upper teeth right then and there.  I was devastated and told him I wanted to do it another day.  I got a second opinion and I only had two small cavities !!  I overheard Dr. Yuhnke telling another patient in the next room the he too needed all his teeth pulled.  I will never, never go back to Dr. Yuhnke !!  He is a shyster, pulling out teeth for the insurance money!  Beware of this dentist, and ALWAYS get a second opinion when it comes to tooth removal.  	3	2	2	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
42	-1	I went to get a temporary replaced- the job was awful- when ask to replace it he just told me it was a temporary and not to worry about it. I pulled my records and went to Dr. Doug Henke, his work is wonderful and I have smile again. Dr Younges work was not professional by anyones standards!!! 	1	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
42	-1	I went to see this dentist afvter checking my insurance, he was close and I haven't been to the dentist in years. I knew I had at least one cavity,( had 2) he filled them, didn't file them down all the way, could feel the filling extra on the back of the teeth, after 2 months they both fell out. I never went back to him or his office. Yes they are very nice and very apologetic if there is a delay, they were good with my kids. I'm just glad none of my kids had a cavity and had to deal with them falling out. 	2	3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
42	0	Dr. Yuhnke was very polite, but it took 10 months for him to repair my husband's tooth (from the *first* root canal to the final crown).  The replacement crown that came in was the wrong size, and then it took a month to get the next one in, and then the replacement chipped/cracked, etc.  Overall, we've been in to see the Dr. 8 or 9 times just to get this one root canal over with.  At one point they sent him home with just a post (and no tooth).  My husband also had a few infections in the area during this time because they couldn't get the tooth properly capped.  The Dr. was very apologetic because there were so many issues with the quality of the new tooth and how long it was taking to fix, and that was nice, but we just wanted the job done and over with so we didn't have to keep scheduling appointments.  They are very nice people, and maybe they do well with kids, but our experience was not positive for the one service that we've asked of them.  I would not recommend him.  	4	2	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
42	1	Best dentist ever. He's great with my children, who are all very young. He's great with my husband and me. I highly recommend him, especially to those that are afraid of dentists. He's #1. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	Very friendly and helpful. I got a crown put on and they did a fantastic job. Dr.  Yun is awesome! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	1	This is the best doctor in the world. I was sick and feel a whole lot better now. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	. Very Great Doctor Always Explains Things An Takes The Time To Talk 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
46	1	Great doctor. Listens to my problems patiently. Doesn't hesitate to refer you to specialists promptly and gets to the bottom of the problem.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
47	1	Dr. Yusaf is wonderful! He treated my 9 year old daughter when she had a fractured arm. He also has done surgery to repair a ruptured tendon for me recently. I recommend him highly. He explains everything and takes his time to do it the right way. He takes pride in his work! I recommend him so much that I will write my name to this rating.  Wendy Reinhardt 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	1	dr youn is by far the best doctor , plastic surgeon, I had a breast lift and i can not believe how great of a job he did, i am so greatful to dr youn! he is a true artist!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	I had a breast augmentation performed by Dr. Youn in October of 2011 and still cannot believe what wonderful results I have. I researched the procedure for ten years and am so thankful that i decided to choose Dr. Youn. He made both my mom and I feel so at ease and was very informative and tactful during the entire process. He is an amazing surgeon who produces immaculate results! I thought it was sweet that the office sent &quot;congratulations&quot; flowers to your home and that he gave you a copy of his book to read during your recovery. I had my surgery done on a Tuesday, was up and TJ-Maxxing with my mom on Friday and back to work on Monday. The office was more than accomodating to schedule my pre and post op appointments around my work schedule, and the office assistance and nurses was just as wonderful as Dr. Youn himself. The surgery was very competitively priced- I would have paid even double to get these awesome results. You will not regret putting your body into Dr. Youns hands! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	It's been almost a year since I had my Breast Augmentation surgery with Dr.Young and I couldn't be happier with my results!  He was the first plastic surgeon my parents and I went to for a consultation with the expectation that we would have to meet more before committing but ended up putting a deposit down that same day to book my surgery.  He's very knowledgable in his field and matched me with a perfect size to my frame.  The surgery itself was a breeze!  I was up and walking around the house the same day with only mild discomfort.  I took my painkillers for only 4 days and was back to an almost normal routine a week later (minus excerising and heavy lifting, of course).  Overall, my experience was great!  I recommend Dr.Youn to anyone considering plastic surgery and would go back to him if I ever needed anything else done in the future. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	This Doctor is the best!!! I would recommend him to everyone. I got breast implants 4 months ago. I was so nervous about the whole procedure and he made me feel so comfortable about it. I would never go to another doctor for any plastic surgery. He is #1!!!!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	Dr. Youn is professional, meticulous, honest, caring and cautious. I knew I was in extremely capable hands during my BA/TT, a 4-5hr surgery. His work changed my life for the better. I am more confident and feel beautiful. My results are AMAZING. I never thought I would look so natural. He is truly an artist. His staff is welcoming and personable. I had my procedure late last summer and can't wait for Bathing Suit season--what woman EVER says that&#63;!&#63; If you are looking for a top-notch, highly qualified and experienced cosmetic surgeon who is also an ARTIST then look no further. Do not pick a surgeon based on price. Dr. Youn was competitively priced and even if he is a few hundred dollars more than someone else, remember you get what you pay for. Do not skimp on results that will last a lifetime. 	 2/14/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	Dr. Youn is the best surgeon! His office is beautiful, and his staff is amazing!! Dr. Youn is very respectful and professional. He does not persuade you into doing anything that you do not want. He is very helpful and can answer any question you might have. I can guarantee that I would not have had such a pleasant experience with any other doctor (in Michigan or anywhere else). I got a breast lift with augmentation, and I could not be happier with my results so far. He takes all the necessary precautions to make sure that you are physically ready for surgery, and he puts your mind at ease. I was not nervous at all for surgery, thanks to his reassuring personality. I would HIGHLY recommend him to anyone that is contemplating a procedure. You may have to wait a little longer than you would like for a consult (mine was about a three month wait), but I promise you it is worth it! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	Dr. Youn is clearly the best plastic surgeon in Michigan, possibly one of the best in the country. I had been to another Board cert. Dr. in Michigan for a consult.  Not only did he want to do what I came in for, he wanted to talk me into other unnecessary procedures. That was a red flag. I felt it was unethical.  I did not need anything else. I thought I was going to have to go to LA.or NYC. for a decent surgeon &amp; Beaumont Hospital recommended me to Dr. Youn. He was very honest &amp; concentrated on what was bothering me. He did a remarkable job &amp; his prices were better! I wanted the work to look natural and he surpassed all my expectations. Not even my own family could tell I had work done, everyone just told me how great I look lately. That's when you know you have gotten real quality natural looking plastic surgery. I am so glad I did not have to travel to find what was here right in my backyard.I actually think famous people fly in to see him! He is truly an artist. Go see Dr. Youn! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	I have been using dermal fillers for a few years and needed a &quot;touch-up&quot;.  Instead of seeing the plastic surgeon I have used for many years, I decided to make an appointment with Christina at Dr. Youn;s office.  She is an artist. Christina listens to your concerns, reviews the products and then explains in detail what she will do.  Her technique is painless, no bruising and your face is flawless when she is completed.  I couldn't be more happy with the results and highly recommend her to anyone who needs Botox, Dysport, Restylane, Perlane. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	I had a BA and lipo performed with Dr. Youn several years ago and never took the time to offer positive feedback. - First, His office staff was exceptionally considerate, and patient - both they and Dr. Youn were generous with their time- an attribute that many offices are not able to demonstrate.  Dr. Youn has a stellar reputation with other surgeons for his skill and consideration for your safety.  Trust me I have seen many BA results, and there are so many things that can go WRONG. Take your surgical procedure seriously -  you do not want to trust your body to anybody.  I am confident that Dr. Youn prioritizes safety during the procedure, and as a result you will have a beautiful outcome.  His bed-side manner is excellent. He will not perform a procedure on you unless he feels it's appropriate, he genuinely cares about your well-being and is conscientious about your budget.  Not every surgeon out there can demonstrate the same. My GP couldn't tell I had anything done. 	 7/30/10	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	Dr.Youn is the only surgeon who will ever do surgery on me.I went to him about six yrs. ago and have sense moved to tennessee and went to Mi. last mo. for a face lift,and I cant stop looking in the mirror,I dont think I ever looked this good and I am 65 yrs old,he is the best and his staff is very nice and kind as is Dr. Youn.He is the only Dr. for me.and yes the flowers are a nice touce too.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	1	I researched plastic surgeons and my plastic surgery procedures to an amazing extent.  I was extremely careful, cautious, and thorough.  As anyone should be when it comes to plastic surgery.  I could have gone anywhere I wanted.  LA, NYC, you name it.  With confidence I chose Dr. Anthony Youn and recently had my procedures performed.  The results&#63;  Like a dream come true!  The whole smooth experience and fantastic results speak volumes about Dr. Youn.  Based on my research and personal experience, Dr. Youn may be the finest plastic surgeon in the country today. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	Dr. Youn is what i call, a MIRACLE worker!  I had a previous breast reduction by a different surgeoun. Then my breasts grew back! When I met with Dr. Youn I was back to a HH. I was in so much pain Im only 5ft. I was worried about the scarring and what a second reduction would do to my body.Dr.Youn not only got me down to a small D but they are BEAUTIFUL PERKY AND AMAZING. They also helped me with the paper work with my insurance. I have and will keep sending friends and family to him (MY MIRACLE WORKER) I highly suggest Dr. Youn and his staff. You are not just a patient but you become part of the family. The staff is wonderful, helpful, and just plain great people.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	1	I can honestly say Dr. Youn was the best plastic surgeon I had. The staff was friendly and very helpful and went out of their way to help your needs and Dr. Youn was AMAZING! He let me know what to expect for each procedure and the possible outcome. He wasnt out trying to get my money like other doctors, he actually told me a procedure I wanted was a waste of money because it wouldnt help that area...like, he wasnt going to let me get lipo in an area that didnt need it...I loved his honesty which made me know for sure he was a caring doctor. He was with me every step of the way for my tummy tuck and lipo. He made sure I was up and walking and even called my sister, who was staying with me in the hospital. I love my new tummy, and have had absolutley no complications...i didnt even finish my painkillers! I am definitly going back to Dr. Youn if I decide to get more done! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	Dr. Youn and his staff are excellent! I researched my procedures (Breast Augmentation and Rhinoplasty) for nearly one year and after visiting over 5 doctors I chose Dr. Youn. When we initially met, he sat down with me in person and discussed my concerns and options in great detail. He didn’t pressure me or rush through meetings like other doctors did. He is knowledgeable, experienced, and very well qualified. His staff is extremely friendly and attentive. Dr. Youn clearly demonstrates a high level of integrity and pride in his practice. Do your research; many well known doctors in this area are practicing plastic surgery without the proper qualifications which can lead to a poor result.   I am extremely pleased with my results as well as my overall experience with Dr. Youn and his staff. I highly recommend him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	I had multiple procedures with Dr. Youn over the years.  He always did a great job and took his time with me.  He acted more like a friend than a doctor (especially a surgeon!)  I would recommend him to anyone! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	I have to say I am very happy with my results from Dr. Youn. I had a breast lift with implants and a chin implant. My breast were very saggy, as I lost a lot of weight. He completely reshaped my breasts and made them look amazing. He even minimized my aerolas and did so perfectly, which i think takes a lot of skill. But I really appreciated that he was so honest and also encouraged me to think about the fact that implants are a life long choice and may need maintence in the future. Other doctors I consulted with didnt take the time to explain that, but he seemed to care enough to make me realize that. Also I felt my face was unbalanced and didnt know why and he suggested a chin implant and now my face looks MUCH more balanced, so I love my chin implant too, highly reccomend those for a weak chin. So his eye for asthetics is excellent. Also, much appreciated was a personal phone call after surgery and even flowers delivered to me 2 days after surgery! I am so happy with my results :) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	-1	Awful outcome. My breasts were mishapened and my left larger than my right. Rather than have dr. youn try to revision my breasts I simply went elsewhere. Dr youn as far as i'm concerned does not have a clue as to proper asthetics and breast symmetry.I would avoid this doctor at all costs. buyer beware!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	I had a tummy tuck and breast lift with Dr. YOun. He was very informative throughout the process and had a genuine caring for my well-being. His staff is very kind and made me feel at ease. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
49	0	Although Dr. Yen did not make me feel rushed, I felt that diagnosis and future treatment were at a stand-still.  Was not able to provide me with guidance as to where I should focus my next treatment/symptom managment and/or relief endeavors.  Seems good with general family health care issus.  Would avoid with complex health histories.  	4	4	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	1	Dr Yen is our family physician and we all like him 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	Dr Yen is very thorough and very informative. He never makes me feel rushed and always takes the time to answer my questions. 		4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	Dr. Yeghissian was thorough, attentive, knowledgeable and friendly. She spend 45 minuted assessing my health, which is far more than any other doctor I have visited.  I would highly recommend! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
50	1	I've been going to Dr. Yeghissian for a couple years now. She is very helpful and she does take into consideration all the functions of the body. She is caring and concern for your overall health. It may take some time waiting on your appointment but its an average wait. Once you're in you never feel rushed. I've always been able to call and get in same day or next day when I've been sick. Sometimes another doctor had to see me and the service was just as good. Great Doctor and medical center that's hard to find.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	1	I really like her.  She is very decisive and helpful.  At the same time I found her to be very caring and compassionate.  She took her time with me and I didn't feel rushed.  	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	1	I really liked her because she seems to care.  She asked me the right questions to figure out what I needed, instead of just prescribing medicine.  She takes a more holistic approach, taking everything into account.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
50	1	I really like Joyce. I have been seeing her for about 2 years and feel like she knows me. She even does Pap Smears which is very useful. I definitely recommend her.  	4	2	4	4 	Insurance:Henry Ford / HAP
51	-1	It would have been nice to actually get to make an appointment to be seen by this doctor considering that he is the one my insurance company placed me with as my PCP.  However, upon calling they told me they could get me in next week which did absolutely nothing for me considering I had strep throat and needed to be seen same day.  I was told that once I become an established patient that I could make same day appointments.  Well how do you become an &quot;established&quot; patient when the doctor won't see you when you're sick&#63; 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
51	1	I have had Dr. Young as my general practioner for several years and can not say a bad thing about him. He's very thourough and definately has your best interest at heart.  He's truly a wonderful doctor and I would refer him to anyone! J 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
51	1	Dr young is very nice ,non judgemental , and never rushes you.  He knows his medicine!! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
51	1	A great Dr wished he still took the HAP HMO. bt he does take other Hap and alot of others... great dr to have! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Henry Ford / HAP
52	1	very down to earth and personable 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	My experiences with Dr. Younus and staff have been very pleasant and helpful.  	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
53	1	My wife and I both see Dr. Younus. She was very kind to give my wife samples of medicines that would have been costly otherwise. She has always addressed my complaints. The front desk workers could be a little more polite, and the wait time was more than an hour once when I had an appointment. She is a good doctor.  	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
53	1	I was recommended by a friend to see her. I went with couple of complains and she did excellent dignosis. i am very happy with her and now my whole family sees her. She is very helpful, I highly recommend her to others.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
53	-1	I went for allergy.I should not have gone there.She is not my family doctor,since my doctor was not available the staff gave an appointment with her.She misdiagnosed my symptoms and gave me some medicines. My symptoms became severe and finally end up in chest pain and couldn't breathe. I immediately went to an allergy specialist. She told I was taking wrong medicines and my allergy got worsened. She immediately ordered me blood tests and X-ray and I am still waiting for my result. I will never recommend her to anyone. Obviously,I made a mistake.  	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
54	1	I seen Dr. Yarid at the free clinic in town...was very down to earth and took time to explain things to me....I felt that he really cared about my well being. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	Extremely friendly; knowledgeable; caring.   Very good bedside manner! 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	-1	After seeing Dr. yarid 9mo's..every month. I feel like he gave up on me because I would not take his medication(because of side effects)  He also told me that he would charge a rate of the same every month. But a couple of times he charged me 115.00. He really never told me what  was wrong with me..even though I had asked him every time I went. 	4	4	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	I saw Dr. Yarid through an emergency visit I made to the local hospital. He was very helpful and thorough, answered all my questions, and took the time to explain things to me clearly. He was also very personable and even spent time chatting with my husband and I about movies and small town verses city living. We were both so impressed with him that we are switching to him as our PCP.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	1	Really takes time to answer all question. gives good,helpful advice and goes out of his way to make sure everything is explained. He is thorough and is very personable.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
55	-1	Lawrence Young, his nurse (Karen), his receptionist (Mary), were the most unprofessional medical staff that I have ever encountered. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
56	0	Front office staff is not very helpful and typically a little rude at times. It can be hard to get an appointment without pushing the issue.   Once you get past the front office staff Dr Youngs is friendly and easy to talk to. 	2	5	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
57	-1	Dr. Yost gives the impression that she would rather not be with patients.  She has a cold and uncaring attitude.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
57	-1	Dr. Yost gives the impression of being cold and uncaring. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
57	-1	Dr. is cold, uncaring and has a TERRIBLE bedside manner.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
58	-1	Unsatisfied with care from this doctor. Found another who was much more interested in patients care. 	2	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	Very knowledgeable.  Very &quot;to the point.&quot;  Not a real &quot;warm and fuzzy&quot; individual, but extremely professional.  Knowledge is second to none.  His staff is absolutely fantastic.  Very caring and competent.  Wait time is very short.  The only drawback to this doctor is if you are looking for someone who is a compassionate &quot;hand-patter&quot;, he's probably not the one that you want.  If you are looking for someone that is extremely professional and knowledgeable, he's the one that you want.  	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
58	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
59	-1	By far the worst neurologist I have ever ever ever seen.  She has no patience very limited resouces , look patients as a $$$$ not human beings and only tries to treat you with injections.  Extremelly rude has no compasion for your feelings and barely gives you time given she is more concerned about the next copay sitting in the waiting room. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
59	1	Very nice to talk with. She was very helpful in explaing my questions.  	3	3	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	1	Very pleasant and punctual. A real gem and a great bedside manner. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	Knowledgeable on latest procedures.  Accessible and thoroughly answered questions 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
61	1	very couteous and helpful. diagnosed condition and prompt treatment of my eye condition. Vision is restored to normal.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
61	1	I was exceptionally ill and sought medical treatment from dr young at a free clinic in detroit. i was treated very nicely and Dr Young was very caring. Her personality and bedside manner was exceptional. She not only treated my illness but gave me information which solved non medical problems. I am very grateful for her care. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
61	-1	Went to Dr. Deatra Young the first time and she told me that I have to have a referral . Well finally the company gave me a referral! After showing Dr. Deatra Young a note from Surgeons office not to work and showing her a MRI of my shoulder that it was fully torn ,Dr. Young wrote down to return to work light duty . The pain was so bad and from the neglect from the company , I told her how the company kept working me like this for 2 months , it was if she didn't care at all ! I asked her how could you send me back to work like this . Dr. Deatra Young just put her head down , walked into her office and closed the door . 4 days later my right arm felt like it had torn,the company sent me immediatlly this time back to Dr. Young and again she sends me back to work. God the pain was so bad ! 	 4/26/07		3	1	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	An excellent surgeon, very knowledgeable, compassionate, understanding to the patients need's, very friendly and has an excellent staff.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
63	1	Very caring doctor and have been going to him for about 10 years. The only main issue I have is that the last time I went for a visit it took almost three hours from when we entered the door and the time we left. That day he kept taking other patients who were not scheduled before my scheduled appointment. Other than that, the staff is very friendly and the quality of service is wonderful. Eventhough his punctuality is quite flawed, I will remain a patient of his due to his compassionate nature.  	4	1	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
63	1	Never on time.  Can sit for over an hour or more just in waiting room and this is having a scheduled apt.  	3	1	3	4 	Insurance:Henry Ford / HAP
63	1	I love this doctor is very friendly. Rembers stuff you tell him that he does not write down. The wait time is usally pretty long but i dont mind because he is such a great doctor. I usally make morning app. and there is only like a 15 min wait then. Over all i love this office and i will contuiue to go to him for as long as possible.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
63	1	We have been seeing this doctor for 23 years and he is very approachable and knowledgeable.  He has an extremely good memory. 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
63	0	. AT LEAST AN HOUR WAIT IS THE WAITING ROOM THEN AT LEAST 30 MINUTE WAIT AFTER THEY TAKE YOU BACK 	3	1	2	4 	Insurance:Henry Ford / HAP
63	-1	Terrible at providing referrals, refused to allow me to discuss test results with the specialist who ordered test (need a new referral which he won't give).  His attitude is &quot;live with it&quot;.  He was going to discuss my case with my specialist and I have not heard from him in 13 days despite my follow-up calls to his office.  Very poor care.  	2	1	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
63	-1	Waited three hours past scheduled appointment time for 5 minute visit, failed to address needs, three weeks later I still don't have needed prescriptions or specialist referrals despite repeated calls to office to follow up. Very frustrating and disappointed.  	2	1	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
63	0	too busy 		2	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	I doctored with Dr.  Youn and his staff for over 20 years, and loved them all.  Could always get in quickly for an appt, and was never kept waiting.  When my out-of-town nieces got in a car accident, he agreed to see them, and his nurse even came to my house on her lunch hour to check on their progress.  When I saw him out and about, he always knew who I was and which children were mine.  When my mother was widowed, he took her on as a patient as well, and treated her with such gentleness and concern.  I loved having this man and his staff care for my family over the years.  Since I moved to North Carolina three years ago, I my only regret is that I could not bring these wonderful people with me.  His personal treatment reminded me of small-town doctors from years ago, like Marcus Wellby.  I can't say enough good things about Dr. Youn.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	1	Dr. Youn and the staff are very caring people.  I have known Dr. Youn for many years and will never leave him or his staff.  Dave 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	1	Was referred by church friends over 12 years ago and have been pleased all these years. I have five sons, so we have someone sick or hurt at least once or twice a month and we are always able to get a timely appointment. He is not stingy with prescriptions like so many doctors seem to be these days and will try a variety of avenues of treatment including prescriptions, physical therapy, and referral to specialists without a lot of wait and see nonsense. Some of the more critical comments here seem to have an unrealistic expectation that a doctor will always get it right the first time. Dr. Youn has an open minded and practical approach which along with his welcoming if sometimes offbeat humor and personal demeanor have kept our family coming back. He has never in our experience been unkind or unprofessional but he will tell it like it is in a straightforward manner that perhaps some people find disconcerting. We however find his directness refreshing and recommend him highly.  	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	1	I have been going to Dr. Youn for 23 years.  He has been there for us through the birth of children, my husbands cancer scare, problems I have had with my knee and my foot, long distance calls when we lived out of the country for a few years, and now helping with stroke recovery of my father.  He has taken the time to talk to my son who didn't want to go to school for social reasons that he needed to go to school even when he didn't feel 100%. We had a long list of questions on the first visit with my dad after his stroke.  He has always been willing to refer family members to a specialist.  He is very straight-forward, very caring, and has a great (if somewhat quirky) sense of humor.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
64	-1	All opinions like these are based on a very limited sample - usually one person's experience.  I'm not surprised some people have good things to write about Dr. Youn.  But I am not one of those.  My experience with him was one of the worse I have ever had with a medical professional.  &quot;Unhelpful&quot; doesn't begin to describe it.  When I became very ill under his care, he essentially abandoned me.  He didn't know what the problem was and didn't seem to care.  And he failed to facilitate consultation with someone else who might be able to help me.  Indeed, he stood in my way.  So, I dropped him and, thank God, found a doctor in Bay City who knew what the problem was and did help me.  I eventually had major surgery and am fine today. No thanks to Dr. Youn....    As I say, just my experience.  I pray you have a better one if you see him.   As for me, I will never go near his office again.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	-1	Very unprofessional. He rushed in without even a hello and my greeting was simply what are you here for today&#63; He rushed me through some of my symptoms and didn't seem the least bit interested in what I had to tell him. All he did was right me a few prescriptions and when I dared to ask about a symptom I was having he very angrily told me that he didn't have time for this and I would just have to make another appointment. He stated that I had already taken up too much of his time( he ahd only been in the room with me for 10 minutes) and he had other patients to attend to. He didnt seem to care about my illness or helping me and acted as if I was an inconvience for even being there. He talked to me as if I were a child and I felt very insulted. I have never in my life been treated so rudely and I will not return. 	4	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	Rude, misogynistic.  Tried to conceal rudeness with lame humor to no avail.  Failed to diagnose endometriosis, rectal stenosis and diverticulosis in spite of clear symptoms and mocked me for wanting a GYN consult.  Treated me for endometrial hyperplasia after endometrial biopsies instead.  	5	4	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	1	He is always in a hurry but seems very knowledgeable and up to date on new treatments.He helped me when others did not.  	4	3	4	4 	Insurance:Humana
64	0	When I questioned him about a treatment he got mad,  Even called my cell to argue with me later.  All I wanted was to know all my options.  He missdiagnosed my gout as a broken foot.  I left.  	5	5	3	3 	Insurance:Aetna
64	1	Helpful, caring, smart, witty man. I felt like I was in good hands with Dr. Youn. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	I saw Dr. Youn on a Saturday as a walk in and I found him to be very knowledgable and witty. I imagine some people may be rubbed the wrong way by him, but I enjoyed his dry sense of hummor along with his ability to correctly identify my medical issue and help me feel better in one visit. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
64	0	always in a hurry, but treated nicely.  		3	3	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	-1	Avoid him. 		4	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	Total cost includes meds that were partially covered by insurance. I was surprised at the negative reviews of Dr Young. I enjoyed his candor and disposition throughout our iuis and ivf treatments. He put my husband at ease during consultations (which is saying a lot). Dr dodds was equally as professional but  in my opinion less personable. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
65	-1	I was exxxxtreamly!!!! disappointed much like the other comments, this dr is painfully callous and very insensitive, its an assembly line for money, ART staff and dr young treated me as if u I deffective and showed lack of support. INSENSITIVE 	1	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
65	-1	After HSG and surgery, he told me only one tube blocked. Tried several IUIs and no luck. Went to a different dr and had HSG and surgery, and she told me had uterine polyps and both tubes blocked. There was no reason for Dr. Young to miss these things. He was sloppy and inconsiderate. I wasted my money on IUIs that never would have worked anyway, and he should have known that after I wasted my money on an HSG and useless surgery with him. I cannot recommend him to others since he should have seen the polyps in my first HSG and concluded my tubes were blocked during my lap surgery. I could have skipped another HSG, another surgery, expensive IUIs and gone right to IVF. 	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
65	-1	He is inconsiderate. I have endometriosis, which he specializes in and treats. I had surgery by him and was still in a lot of pain and he told my family that I had psychological problems and I was looking for attention. And he couldn't figure out what was wrong, finally I did. And It was something he swore I didn't have but didn't even take the time to check.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
65	1	A great RE.  I traveled from the metro Detroit area to see him & his partner, Dr. Dodds.  I had 2 IVFs with them (one at age 36 and one at age 40) and I have two beautiful daughters.  I've also referred 2 couples to them and both have had success. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	Dr Young is very busy and I mostly saw his nurses. 		4	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	The most caring RE I've ever met. He truely cares about your success through this very sensitive subject. He doesn't mess around with procedures that have been proven unsuccessful. I've referred so many of my friends to him, and all have gotten pregnant on their first try. Having a caring dr. in this situation is vital to a persons success! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
66	-1	Great guy. Great staff. Unfortunately he couldn't help me very much medically.  	5	5	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	0	Okay, nothing special but nothing particulary terrible when I went there.  	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Medicare
66	0	Long wait. I'm not sure that he really knew what treatment was best for me.  	3	2	2	3 	Insurance:Humana
66	1	Excellent doctor. I have had quite a few 'weird' issues that he has helped me through. He did a good job with everything. He's an extremely nice doctor with a good manner.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	1	Very friendly, Knowledgable, a good listner, he actually called me to go over test results 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	We have been seeing Dr. Amy for 3 years.  She is WONDERFUL! She takes her time with you and relates well with the children and makes them feel comfortable. She is very patient with the children and has a kind demeaner. She has gone out of her way to help me find specialists for my daughter.  When I have called with questions she has called me back quickly. The office staff has always been pleasant.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	1	We have been seeing Dr. Amy for almost 5 years.  She is absolutely amazing.  Always takes her time with us and makes my children feel comfortable.  The staff is always very pleasant.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	1	I LOVE DR YOUNG.  I WAS A FIRST TIME MOM AND HE MADE THE EXPERIENCE A GREAT ONE!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
68	1	Dr.Young is the best docter I have every had, he care about the person and he is a wonderful man. If I would have had a boy,I would have name my son after this great and caring man.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
68	1	DR. YOUNG HAS BEEN MY DOCTOR FOR 24 YEARS I TRUST HIM WITH MY LIFE AND THE LIVES OF MY CHILDREN. I HAVE ALSO TRUSTED HIM WITH THE LIVES OF MY GRANDCHILDREN THERE ARE NO WORDS THAT I CAN SAY TO LET YOU KNOW HOW REALLY GOOD A DOCTOR HE IS IN MY BOOK HE IS A 10 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	1	Been my doctor for about 18 years. Although I don't have any children yet I definitely trust him.  		3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	1	Dr. Young was better then I hoped he would be. He was always asking questions and answering my questions. He was extremely nice at every visit. The post from 7/29/06 I know about that birth and that is not all true. What happened was actually NOT Dr. Youngs fault. I would highly recommend him to anyone. He was always helpful, and for working at two different hospitals and always being on call he sure does know how to put a smile on someones face. He is always smiling and happy. 	 3/7/07		5	5	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	I feel that my prenatal care and deliveries were in good hands with Dr larry Young for both my pregnancies. Any abnormality in any of my ultrasounds or other test, I was called and scheduled in for an appointment the same day. Given that he works at two hospitals and two different practices, he made himself very available to me as a patient. I was very satified with this doctor.  		3	4	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
68	-1	 		2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
68	-1	This doctor allowed the tampeing and alteration of medical records so that we were unable to sue if for the death of our baby boy in 2000 a 16 dy resident was the only one to do any work showing us our sons heart beat and Larry Young did not do any test to see what the condition of the baby was. Larry young would leave the hospital leaving the resident to be left alone and not checking her work. Then when the baby was born not one person checked for a heartbeat nothing I was there. the record were alter and distoyed leaving no fetal stipps no ultrasound and not record of the baby but the atopsy report that was false.  This Man should not pratice med in my opion 		1	1	3 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
68	1	Very nice doctor with a friendly and caring staff. Punctuality really cannot be rated given that he is an ob/gyn. Dr. Young is very personable and encourages questions from his patients.  		2	4	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
69	1	Very helpful.  My son has seen Dr. Yurik on and off for several years.  We've been very pleased.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	1	Dr. Yurik has done so much for me. I have been seeing her for almost 8 years, and she has truly changed my life. She gives great insight and helps me with my anxiety disorder OCD and depression. She was there for me when my brother died a few years after I started seeing her, and she even came to the funeral. I would recommend her to anyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	-1	This doctor seemed to me to be incompetent and unprofessional. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
