dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	0	He was able to find a Chiari malformation in my MRI that my regular neurologist missed, but my other problem, a cyst in my spinal cord, seems to be no big deal to him, regardless of the fact that it was my initial complaint. He told me that the cyst was no big deal, even though it causes me pain almost daily, and he seems to think that my pain is not real or not very important. He was decent for my Chiari decompression surgery, although he didn't listen to my family's warning against morphine, but he's been fairly rude about my pain since then. I've started having headaches since the surgery, and he won't give me a straight answer, or say the pain had anything to do with the surgery. In fact, he acts like he thinks I had headaches before.  	4	4	2	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	1	Office staff &quot;C&quot; is horrible.  Rude.   What's her problem&#63;  The doctor is A+++ 	1	1	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	1	Dr. Z correctly diagnosed and treated a condition that completely baffled the University of Michigan. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	Have had this doctor since 1994 and recently had to move out of michigan so couldnt see him anymore. But Dr. Zakalik stuck with me threw thick and thin to heal my condition. He kept up to date on the condition and even called on me at home regularly to check up how I had been doing. I suffered from a pituatury tumor that was located in a tough position in my brain and Dr. Zakalik showed the perseverance working with it. I am 98% free of it now and am glad of Dr. Zakalik's help in this.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	1	I can't say enough good things about Dr Zakalik.  Our son needed immediate care at birth and we received EXCELLENT care from Dr. Zakalik.  Dr Zakalik has returned my calls on holidays and done so with a smile you can hear through the telephone.  There is no question that my son's needs are of utmost importance to Dr. Zakalik.  I was concerned that my son's recurring problem was starting up again, and Dr. Zakalik offered to see him informally between surgeries.  The staff in the office will spend as much time as required and a great deal more with us.  I am on a first name basis with his staff and feel very strongly that my son is receiving the best care available.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
1	1	Doctor didn't have the greatest bedside manner. He mentioned to our 9 yo who just had surgery, that he was going skiing... made some joke about her not going. At a follow up appointment we waited for 4 hours while he tended to someone at the hospital. It would have been nice if we could have rescheduled, as I had a 2 month old, and an 20 month old with me as well as my oldest in a wheelchair. Did go to a different NS (not in this area) after the initial surgery, that did and had a lot more experience. 		3	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	Although Dr. Zakalik couldn't take our case, he helped us a tremendous amount in getting a hospital transfer completed, going above and beyond the call of duty, especially considering we weren't even a patient! He even chatted with me about the transfer case at length, taking time to explain several things to me. His dedication to helping others was very evident. I also have two other family members whom he's treated, and they all feel very lucky to have had him. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	Dr. Z. is an amazing physician and person.  He is very friendly to his patients, and extremely knowledgeable; if you have little medical knowledge, he'll spell things out for you, but if you have extensive science/medical knowledge, he can quickly recap the latest studies and explain the most recently developed techniques.  He did my LASIK surgery and I see 20/15 now (better than 20/20!).  Whether you go to see him for primary care or for more specialized treatment, you won't be disappointed. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	Warm and compassionate doctor.  Terrific service.  Highly recommended. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	Top notch doctor. Very knowledgeable, thorough, and personable. I trust him with my eyes and recommend him to all of my friends and family.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	1	Dr. Zuckerbrod is very thorough and competent. He also is very personable, someone you would feel that you've known for a long time. I have great confidence in his expertise and drive an hour to get to his office for examinations. I would definitely recommend him to anyone, young and old.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	Very pleasant and thorough.  She answered all questions and never made me feel that she had to hurry to get to the next patient.  Showed concern and compassion.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
3	0	 	4	4	4	2 	Insurance:Unknown
4	-1	Very rude man.Doctor Jeykell and Mr. Hyde 	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	I have never seen a more dedicated doctor than Dr. Zahoury. My family has had many doctors: (mom has had terrible illnesses all her life), as we have moved quite a bit. Dr. Z is NOT family, but I sure wish he was and treats us all as if we were, including offering to treat my daughter during my appointment as well. Many of the people at Troy Beaumont say that he has been helpful to them at work when needed! He listens to everything we say, offers more time than most doctors in the office, and spends as much time as possible during hospital stays, and has helped my mother through 4 operations in the past year. When we transitioned insurance, he even offered to treat us at no charge. I believe in the squeaky wheel getting the oil and asking lots of questions. He has no problem with that. When I asked for medical help at home during the day for my mother, he was completely agreeable and found us the right company.  He is a real person, full of integrity, and I can't say enough about him! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	-1	&quot;dr.&quot; Zohoury walked into my room at Troy Beaumont aprox 27 hours after a l4-l5-s1 fusion w/hardware, he said&quot;so you had a cervical lamenectomy and you were walking around w/o a brace&quot;. I said no it was lumbar and i did wear my brace for 1 trip down the hall...previous they knew my potassium dropped .2 points and was given 2 vitamins like from (CVS). I stated i had a headache, my mouth was dry,and my heart was fluttering, he didnt listen to anything(classic potassium crash signs)i was released 36 hours  after surgery even though i told anyone who who walk in the room about my issues...2 nights of hell and another 24 hours later I was released from Henry Ford Hospital after taking 4 bags of potassium. i was 2.9 when i arrived. stay away from this guy and troy beaumont-they almost killed me and then kept referring to my 6 am rate of 3.9 wich was 12 hours before i was released, My surgeon was great i'm sorry he works there.  	 5/19/11	1	3	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	Dr. Mark Zohoury and his staff are amazing.  Very knowledgeable and caring. Taking individual time with each and every patient. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	Dr. Zaki has been my physician for 12 years. She is an excellent doctor. She always makes me feel very comfortable and like she really cares. I will continue to see her as my doctor until I have to move out of the area.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	1	she worded with me when I had no insurance and tried to make my drugs as cheap as possible. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	-1	We had been going to see Zimmie for 5 years. Saw him today for a med that my son has been taking from a Psychiatrist for ADHD. The Psychiatrist stated we could get the script from our GP. Zimmie stated he did not prescribe these types of Meds. Huh&#63; Isn't that what a GP should do prescribe meds&#63; The whole time during the appt he wasn't looking at us just typing on his computer. This appt. took an hour to find this out! I was not pleased with him before, this was the icing on the cake. I was just too lazy to find anbother Dr. Don't see him unless you have a simple prob like a cold or the flu otherwise you're wasting your time and $, he will just refer you to someone else. The office staff is rude as well. I am looking for another Dr. for both my kids now. This may be a case of last in class but still called Dr. Avoid! This office needs to realize this is a business and patients need to be treated as such. The only positive was he didn't charge us for the visit and gave me back my co-pay.  	2	2	1	2 	Insurance:Aetna
7	1	Dr.Zimmie is a nice man, and does seem concerned.  The only issues I have are as follows:On quite a few occassions he refers us to someone else.  I am talking over 6 times this has happened.  We are a generally healthy family, and have no chronic illnesses.  This bothers me at times.  Also, when we need a refill for a medication he requests that we come in for an appointment-even if we had just been there 3 months ago.  I can understand if it is a new med, but it is the same one that has been taken for over 5 years.  Not a blood test, but we have to make an appointment-spend the copay-take off of work-it just seems like a big pain in the you know where.  We are thinking of changing doctors because of these issues.  He is a nice person, but there has been a lot of extra time consumed for office visits and referrals.  And when we did go in for an appt. for a refill-it was nothing.  He asked how we were-fine-feel ok&#63;-yes-alright I'll call in script.  Just a big waste of time.  	 10/29/09	3	5	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	Dr. Zimmie is very kind and knowledgeable. He takes his time and truly listens to you. He is willing to do what he can to make you feel comfortable with the options for treatment. He explains things in a manner that is easy to understand. I feel very comfortable talking to Dr. Zimmie and appreciate his throughness.  	 3/30/09	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	Dr. Zimmie has always provided excellent thorough exams. He is easy to speak to and truly listens to evrything prior to diagnosing.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
7	1	I had to see Dr. Zimmie because my primary wasn't available.  I was so impressed with the way that he listened to me.  He was very through.  He answered my questions, made sure I understood everything that was prescribed and did not rush off to get another patient. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	Dr. Zimmie is thorough with his explanations, encouraging in behavior modification, attentive to patient requests for feedback on alternative treatments. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	Dr. Iram is best doctor I have ever come across. She is not like ordinary doctors, she really &quot;cares&quot; about her patients. She made all effort to address my concern and did not leave any stone unturned. She analyzed my case for all different possibilities even though diagnosis was obvious, ensuring that she does not misdiagnose. I strongly recommend her. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	Everything you would expect from a great physician. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	Great Doctor and takes his time with his patients and has great bed side manners.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	1	. Excellent Dr, friendly, knowledgable, great staff! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	1	I went to see Dr. Mary Zelenak, she was listed in my provider book.  Her office was great, the staff was friendly, prompt and effecient.  When I saw her I was suprised she was younger than I generally look for in a Dentist/Physician however that is not a factor anymore.  She pulled my son's infected, broked tooth without any problems whatsoever!!  We used to go to a Pediatric Dentist whom said my son needed oral tranquilizers to calm him down.  Not with Dr. Mary!!!  I will tell everyone she is flawless!! My son does not mind abit, and she even has a little treasure chest for kids to pick a prize.  You can tell she has kids of her own.  She connects with them and is patient and kind. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	-1	Have visited the office a few times. He put me on medication that was not needed and made me feel 10 times worse went back he did nothing to solve my issue. Office is small, dirty, spend more time waiting in the room then with Dr. feels like they were after the money more then helping me. The last visit set it all off.  Called last week to make an appointment for my husband who was a new patient (which I had informed the lady over the phone) I gave her all of his information and set the appointment up for Monday since they stay open later on Mondays! Great I thought he can make it there without having to miss a lot of work! NOT!!! He got there and the lady said he didn't have an appt and even if he did he is a new patient so he need to be there an hour ago (no one said anything about that)!! When I called she told me they have someone training so thats prolly why and he could come back at 8am tomorrow!(will now have to miss work!) Training or not she should be able to make an appt! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
12	1	Dr S. Zalla is compassionate,knowledgeable physican keeps abreast of technologies to assist in diagnostic assessment in his speciality. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	-1	seemed all the dr wanted to do was a bunch of tests that were irrelavent (and in his office) just to be able to charge the insurance company.  Didn't seem very concerned with what might really be wrong with me.  	2	3	2	2 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
12	-1	Dr completely blew me off and refused to look at the problem for more than 10 seconds.  I was told it was just inflamation and it would go away.  I went back and was barely humored, then sent away with a prescription for steroids to treat the inflamation.  After 4 months the &quot;inflamation&quot; still hadn't gotten better.  I will be going somewhere else in the future.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	-1	First off -office is bordering Pontiac. The receptionist is extremely nice (+).The office seems dirty & it was visually apparent that it was a Medicaid office (patient's Medicaid HMO plan handbooks behind recept. desk, stunk like BO and bad hygiene, homeless looking dressed patients). One of the forms to fill out was an arbitration agreement- which I would not sign.  The assistant asked me to get on the scale, then just stuck a thermometer in my ear as it was calculating my weight.No warning.She actually got her hand caught in my hair trying to get under my hair to reach my ear. I would've tucked my hair behind my ear for her -rude and unprofessional.  The exam room was dirty & smaller than a hotel bathroom. The Dr. came(and already on a short time frame-they give us about 15 min.)& proceeded to waste the time with trivial questions pertaining to my married life & my vagina.Voiced my annoyance(was there for a lump on my skull), Dr. got pissy.WTH was I thinking-BAD CHOICE. Walked out 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	1	Excellent dr when i was seen by him keep up the good work dr zalla 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	Thorough, understanding, and friendly, Dr. Z has a great bedside manner and we have seen him for 10 yrs now.  He always answers all our questions and spends as much time with us as we need, treating our whole family.  The kids love him and so do we! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	1	Dr. Ziccardi has been our family physician for several years now. He has always been very helpful and understanding when we didn't have insurance. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	-1	he was rude not friendly at all with my children . 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	I like Dr. Ziccardi and his staff. Very down to earth and tells you what's going on in leyman's terms. Would recommend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
13	1	He is a great doctor and very nice have had him as my doctor for 2 years now.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
13	1	Patient, Understanding, and answers all your questions.  Have had him for a few years now, and am very happy with him.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
14	1	Very nice, prompt, and takes time to answer questions.  Easy to get an appointment.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	1	Great doctor!!! Short wait times and great office staff. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	Great doc. I saw him around a year ago. He took the time to explain what what going on and how to treat it. Great bedside manner. Would recommend. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	This physician was punctual and spent time explaining my diagnosis. He was extremely thorough and I felt that he truly cared. I would highly recommend.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Henry Ford / HAP
15	-1	too rushed i saw him in may i do not forget how bad he was 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	The best care anywhere! We have been seeing her for several years, and will be for the rest of our lives.  Amazing warm caring wonderful doctor, and a fantastic helpful staff, a genuine &quot;treat&quot; to go, and come out feling incredible! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Henry Ford / HAP
17	1	Great staff, very good methods. Highly recommend.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	-1	He may be a great doctor for adults but he wasn't very helpful with our baby. He failed to look into causes for our daughters colicky type screaming, projectile vomiting and our overall concern that she was always upset. 6 months later we switched doctors and they diagnosed her within minutes of having reflux. We were just sad we waited so long to switch. So...he might be great for adults. But, I wouldn't recommend him for little ones. 	5	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	. THOROUGH-HELPFULL-GOOD SENSE OF HUMOR-PLEASANT- LISTENS TO YOU- YOU DON'T FEEL HURRIED OR RUSHED 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	-1	Does NOT take the time to look up the side effects or drug interactions. His laziness nearly killed my father.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Henry Ford / HAP
18	1	Great doctor backed up by an excellent staff, he has done very well for our family. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	My family and I LOVE Dr. Zarrow.  I have three little girls and we have been going to Dr. Zarrow for almost two years now.  She is wonderful with my girls and I would highly recommend her to anyone (and have done so).  I am shocked to see that she has received some reviews that are not that good.  In my opinion, she is the best doctor there.  I have seen three of the other doctors there and would take Dr. Zarrow over the others any day.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	I think Dr. Zarrow is wonderful she diagnosed my daughter after being sick for weeks and me coming into the office constantly being given a ton of medicines she diagnosed her the very first time. My daughter was really comfortable with her.  	4	3	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	-1	She has an extremely phony voice upon entering the exam room. It's like a high pitched, ear piercing squeal, but then it turns into her normal voice after she enters the room. It is the strangest, most phony introduction I have ever experienced with a doctor. I only have seen her when other doctors schedules were full. And when I have had to see her, she always has to consult with another doctor because she apparently doesn't know what she's doing. The other doctors are great- I'm not sure what Dr. Zarow is doing there, she doesn't fit in with the practice at all! 	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	I think Dr. Zarow is great. We have a 1 1/2 year old and love her. We prefer an &quot;alternative&quot; vaccine schedule for our son and she has been really willing to work with us on this. She does not try to intimidate and has good bedside manner from our experience.  	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	-1	I am sorry to say but she is somewhat rude.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	-1	At my son's 6month well visit Dr. Zarrow recommended that he get fitted for an orthotic molding helmet because of the flat spot on the back of his head. After failing to submit the proper paperwork for one week we contacted the office to see what the hold up was. No explanation, we recieved an appointment with the orthotic specialist. At that visit, he noticed a ridge in the front of the forehead and asked if the child had undergone a CT scan to rule out craniosinostosys. We thatn had to contact Dr. Zarrow and ask why this has not been done. She wanted to order an X-ray not CT scan, we finally go ther on the right page and she did order the CT scan. The day after the CT scan we switched Pediatricians as we were frustrated. The new Pediatrician read us the results anour son indeed had crainio with fluid on the brain. Then we revieved a disturbing message from Dr. Zarrow's office stating that he did NOT have crainio and there is nothing wrong with him! I'm so glad we switched drs 		3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
20	-1	The Dr. is okay.  The staff is just so, so. Won't get you in even if you are in a great deal of pain. In other words ...no room for emergencies.  	2	2	1	3 	Insurance:Medicare
20	-1	Office empty but 2 hour wait to be seen every single time for the last 2 years we've been going. They only 'call in' scripts, but they dont call till after several reminders over a couple days every single time, over and over again over the years. Never have vaccines in stock, putting our children way behind then they want to do them all at once when they finally have some in. The doctors are nice and friendly and take their time with you, but the office staff, nurses, reception, ect seem very unknowledgable and unprofessional most the time, at times have been outright rude. They cant figure out their own billing, they say there is no co-pay for wellbaby visits, but then charge you for it anyway by mail. Everytime we go they say no co-pay due, then get a bill in the mail saying it was their mistake and there is a co-pay, then when we go back they say no co-pay again. This office seems very unprofessional and not well managed. 	1	1	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	Very friendly and thorough. He is very considerate. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	She was great, very helpful and direct. She is the kind of doctor that you run into very rarely in this life. She is as smart and effective as she is kind. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	Great results, very competitive pricing. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	I was VERY happy with Dr. Zeabari.  I found him to be both helpful and very knowledgeable.  He is a good listener and very proffesional.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	It is wonderful to find a doctor so close to home who understands dystonia and is experienced in treating it.   -Karen K. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	Best practice I've ever been to..Dr. Zafar goes above and beyond to make you feel worthwhile....seems to truly care for my well-being. He is the only one who has helped my symptoms. Reception-very kind, respectful and helpful. Office setup feels comfortable. My husband and I feel important. We are extremely grateful.  - Melinda.W.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	-1	Dr. Zaki is rude and arrogant.  She does not like her patients to ask questions nor does she return phone calls.  A horrible experience - would NOT recommend.  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
26	-1	Dr. Zaki did not know of my fairly common neurological disorder, neurofibromatosis. It was almost if I was teaching her about the disease. If you have neurofibromatosis, I do not recommend her.  She was very kind and apologetic about being late, but I am still looking for a new doctor.  	3	1	3	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	-1	Dr. Zaki misdiagnosed me. She treated me as if it was all in my head. After a brain Mri and bloodwork I was diagnosed with LUPUS not fibromyglia  . She was very rude and arrogant.  	3	3	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	-1	I was very disgusted with Dr. Zaki and the office.  She kept me waiting for 2 hours and the office staff was clueless.  I will never go back and will most certainly not recommend her to anyone.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Henry Ford / HAP
26	-1	Contradicts herself. Yells at patients when they don't take her word as gospel. Fair record keeping. But out of the 3 neuros I have seen I had the lest problems with her. 		3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	AWESOME! Zamanigian is always very helpful and delightful to speak to 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	I have been with Dr. Zielinski since he began practice. He is one of the friendliest, open doctors I've ever met. My 4 children all adore him. He is always available via page after hours, and will take urgent patients without an appointment (just walk in, though you may have to wait). The longest I've had to wait for an appointment was one day. Great doctor, great location. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	He is the best Dr. I've ever had! He is always very patient and understanding. He explains things clearly and actually takes time to talk with me, rather than rush me out so he can get to the next patient! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	Dr. Z was so nice for my first visit and I feel very comfortable with him being my PCP. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	I love this doctor!! He is very knowledgeable and kind. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	-1	Extremely rude and impatient, lacks compassion! 		3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	Incredible at diagnosis. Very friendly and extremely knowledgable. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	-1	A bit of a hothead. Very discourtious. Not very knowledgable. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
29	-1	I went to see Dr. Zao for serious pain issues in my neck, she was more concerned about my cholesterol.  My high cholesterol was her biggest concern even though I could barely hold my head up.  Turns out I had a ruptured disc, which she didnt seem concerned about.  She was condescending and she made me feel like I was bothering her by complaining about neck pain, or even being in her office.  I would avoid her, there are a lot of good doctors out there, Dr. Zao is not one of them.  	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
29	-1	I would not recommend her. She is young and inexperienced. She gave me a RX that had very serious interactions with one of my other meds. Thank god the Pharmacist caught it and told me! That should not happen...any good doc should know what they are giving you.  Find someone else if you value your life! 	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	-1	This doctor was horrible! I was under her care for about two years, but not by choice, I was in a managed health care program and had to stay with her. She was fresh out of med school (then) and didnt have a clue! She also gave me RX's that conflicted with other meds I was on. I have several medical problems and she treated me like I was crazy and was extremely aloof. I couldnt wait to get out from her care. I really did not have any confidence in her and would not recommend this doctor.  	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
29	1	She is very knowledgeable and seems to have a genuine concern for your health.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	1	She was wonderful. She took time to listen to my problems and within a few days had an appointment with a specialist for me.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	-1	She's very pleasant but seems preoccupied and almost uninterested. I went in with a list of multiple issues to discuss and she spent literally 4 minutes in the room with me. She also gave me a prescription for a medication that had interaction warnings with other meds I was on and failed to mention them to me until I questioned possible interactions. 		5	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
30	-1	Total Jerk.  Arrogant.  Would never send anyone to him for any reason.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:HealthPartners
31	1	. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	Dr. Zacharias is GREAT! I called his office on a Saturday after rupturing my Achilles, left a message and they called me back promptly on the following Monday, I was in the office Tuesday morning and in for surgery on Thursday. Dr. Zacharias did an amazing job... Two months post-op and the incision looks AMAZING. He prescribed Physical Therapy right away and I'm already able to jog, jump some and even go rollerblading. He is the BEST! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	Dr. Zacharias is the best. I was a patient at his old office in St. Clair Shores and also his new practice and he's been nothing but patient, kind, caring and compassionate.  After having a nightmare with my knee from another surgeon, he brought me back 100% and my knee feels better than ever.  I was most impressed when HE came to get me from the waiting room of his new office. He is an amazing person and surgeon as well. Highly recommend him to anyone!!! Thank you for giving me my life back Dr.  Zach! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	1	I am an rn.  I highly recommend dr. Zacharias.  He does not do surgery unless he absolutely has to.  He is very professional and prompt.  You never wait long in his office.  Mostly, he is skilled and a great physician.  He's not bad at tapping a knee either. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	Dr Zakem saved my life before back in the early 90's. I was his Pandora's Box and am very grateful to him for what he has done for me back then and I just got another Clot and I went straight back to him - no other Doctor will be trusted with my issues with Blood disorders.  He did not have to take me back but I think he loves the challenge my body throws at him - Thank God for you! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
33	-1	Comment to Stage Four cancer patient:   &quot;when are you going to accept that you are dying and just give up and stop coming here and bothering me&#63;&quot;  You probably don't record as many negative comments here as you should, because most of his patients die, and the worst part is, HE DOESN'T CARE.  Apparently, he is in the doctor biz in order make his BMW payments as opposed to patient compassion.  Find someone else.  Anybody.  	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
33	1	exceptional doctor, patient is number one.I had non-hodgkins lympohoma 4th stage,in remision 5 years.HIGHLY RECOMEND.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	1	Dr. Zoghlin is like an old-fashioned, good bedside manner doc.  I don't think she's as up to date on things or that she's a world class doctor, but for gosh sakes, she listens, she's kind and spends as much time with me as I need - she never rushes.  The office staff leaves a bit to be desired and getting through to them on the phone is a NIGHTMARE but I do like Dr. Z.  	3	3	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	0	Good bedside manner, seemed thorough. After year of treatment nothing done for moderate hypertension. Changed Dr.'s 6 weeks later Hypertension gone- it was side effect to medication I'd been on for 2 years. 	2	4	5	1 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	Excellent physician.  Calm, reasonable and knowledgeable. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	Exceptional Doctor 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	Amazing doctor, the very best. He has treated both of my parents and myself. He is caring, involved, incredibly knowledgeable, and an absolute genius at medication management. He absolutely understands and appreciates family involvement. I am writing this 10 years after  having had a heart attack that should have killed me. I owe him the extra years I had with my parents. The staff are wonderful and very supportive. I would rate him and his staff 10 stars. They are the very best. The only time he has kept me waiting is when he has had to adjust for an emergency, so I do not mind waiting for him at all.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
37	1	The Very BEST.  I can't say enough good things about him.  If you want a doctor who is through, concerned, and very smart, he's your doctor. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	Great Cardiologist you'll ever meet. He is very knowledgeable and always double checks his work to see if he could have done any better with his stents. Highly recommended. Anybody with Chest Pain should go to this Cardiologist. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	Very good surgeon and helpful staff.  Always available even weekends to aswer mine and my family questions 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
38	-1	Dr Zamorano is not friendly, does not tell you what is going on with your problem, nor does she answer questions AT ALL.  Point blank, I would not recommend her, she ruined my life through an awful surgery.  I will suffer for the rest of my life because of her.  	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:GHI
38	0	 	4	2	4	2 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	Accommodating, friendly staff and an experienced, caring physician.  Dr. Zuckerman has taken care of my eyes for over 15 years and have recommended him to  family members and friends.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	1	Dr. Zuckerman has been my doctor for about 3 yrs now, he is an excellent doctor. Even when he fit me in for an emergency visit the wait was not long. I would recommend him to everyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	-1	OMG. I had the same problem with her and totally agree with you. I can't believe with the reputation U of M has that they'd still staff her. When I needed her the most, when I was cornered, she left me totally hanging. I left her too. I'm gonna give another GI doc a try there and see what happens. WE pay and our insurance pays to good of money to bums like her to be treated like that. When your sick and in terrible pain, the last thing you need is someone like that pulling your strings. I hope that the health insurance reforms wipe people like her out. 1 more scary thing about her she reminds me of a dude. 	4	1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
40	0	Dr. Zimmerman is a terrible doctor. I have Crohn's disease, and I had a flare up this morning at 2am. A flare up is inflammation in your intestine and results in EXCRUCIATING pain. I called five times and she never returned my phone calls. All she needed to do was call in a prescription that I have used many times before for flare ups, but she never took the time. I just switched to her a month ago, and I haven't been happy with her from the get go. She gives you tests and never calls with the results, doesn't answer your questions and lacks compassion. I am having my records transferred back to my old doctor, who is 4 hours away from where I live now because he took better care of me.  	3	1	1	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
41	1	I've been a patient of Dr. Herman Z. since I was a teen (I am now 42) and he always goes above and beyond when it comes to treatment. Thank you Dr. Herman.                                    A. Glass 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
41	-1	. Herman and Ralph Zicherman brothers operating two offices in Detroit Michigan both work with dishonest Michigan attorney when patient has been been injured 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
42	-1	 	5	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
43	-1	I rec'd a letter signed by Dr. Zenzen stating I had Macular Degeneration in order to get me to make another appointment.  Admitted I didn't have Macular Degeneration when I called very upset office manager said they used this type of letter &quot;all the time&quot; to get patients to return.  Dispicable!  I rec'd this horrid letter the day after Thanksgiving and their office was closed until the following Monday.  I had one miserable, freightened, depressed Thanksgiving and even contemplated suicide if I was in fact going totally blind since I am a graphic artist.  This practice should be stopped!  I have a copy of the letter and a copy of the letter of apology if anyone cares to see them.  	3	2	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	1	I love Dr. Zemenick.  He is one of those doctors that gives you a warm feeling from the moment you walk in the room.  I found him highly professional, kind, highly experienced and qualified.   Would go back just for a visit! 	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	1	I find the comment complaining about Dr. Zemenick's professional and personal demeanor bizzarre. He was nothing but professional, informative, and helpful when he treated me for a torn ACL in my knee.  If anything I personally thought he felt a need to help me understand _more_ than I probably needed to know, but there's no harm in that.  His bed side manner was excellent, and he seemed to genuinely care about me and my case.  In all my visits with him, I didn't see any of this 'anger' or 'religious' talk one of the other reviewers on this site mentioned.  All in all, he was quite pleasant to work with.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	-1	Staff has improved since I went to another doctor within the group.  	2	2	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	1	He is very friendly and very willing to answer any questions you have. I cant wait to get back in the area so I can become a patient again 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
44	-1	Dr Zemenick was giving me shots to both of my knees, he asked if I would mind if his trainee could do it&#63; I replied I want you to do it. Dr. says ok, but still allows his trainee to give me the shots. Dr. Zemenick would be very nice and always uses religion. Then when he leaves your room and uses the exact same words with the next patient. When he gets angry usually cause you are asking to many questions he can not answer. His staff when you sign in. You can stand there for 10 minutes at the window. After another 5-10 minutes they call you back for insurance update. Unable to move due to my illness,she asks me to come back to the window. I said excuse me,like can you not see me here. She did not care. She kept on calling my name until I got up and went over to her. Lets see She was not handicap. I found a Dr. that not use the Lord to get patients! I believe in the LORD, However, believing and acting are two different things.  not act holy 		3	2	2 	Insurance:Aetna
45	1	Got in same day for UTI while my own doctor was out of town and was very happy with fast diagnosis, treatment and explaining my condition in terms I could understand.  Did not have to wait and was very pleased.  I asked my MD what difference was with DO and MD and she said the DO's had more training. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	0	My GP was out of town,so I saw Dr.Zaid for a minor issue(he is in the same complex as my GP). Problem was easily handled, but when I told my dr when she returned, she informed me he was a DO and not MD. Worth noting.  	 3/19/11	3	3	3	Insurance:Aetna
45	1	nice office and staff.  the doctor made me wait too long, but was informative when he came in the room 	 1/12/11	4	3	5	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	Very good Doctor. Me and my wife have met many doctors in US and we found Dr. Zaid as a very caring and more accurate diagnosis. We would reccomend him for sure. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	He is an awesome doctor i feel so good to see everytime i go to his office . Very caring and very attentive. I am glad i found this doctor for me and my family.God bless him and his family..He is our family physician..  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
45	1	Very easy to get into to see, and he will be by your side.Very good DO. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	I found Dr. Zaid on the internet and didn't know what to expect.  After I met him, I was very impressed with him and appreciated the fact that he took his time to answer all of our questions.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
45	1	Dr. Zaid was at our bedside in the hospital every day that my dad was there.  We were comfortable knowing he was coordinating care.  My whole family now is going to see him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
45	1	I recently had a kidney stone which was the most painful thing I've had to experience.  It was the end of the day and Dr. Zaid coordinated for me to get a quick CT scan admitted to the hospital and had a Urologist see me the same night.  I was glad to have Dr. Z on my side and looking after me while in the hospital.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
45	1	This was the first doctor my kids were excited to go back and see when I told them we were going to the doctors. Dr. Zaid was the first doctor who made us feel like he really cared. We also didn't have to wait for an hour in the waiting room. Great Service and very family orientated.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
46	1	When asked about fatigue he said it really isn't a symptom of RA........some of the things he says I have read total opposite responses and I'm an RN.  	5	5	4	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
46	1	Has helped me.  very good 		4	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
47	1	Dr Z has been my Dentist for 15+ years. My tooth broke in half and was very painful, Dr Z put a patch on it (during his lunch time). This was during the time slot for my 6 month cleaning. Later in the month, Dr Z did the filling and the cleaning. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	Dr. Zeni was very thorough in what he said he needed to do.  Was very concientous to my wife in family in the waiting room, coming out to let them know about the surgery.  I had ankle reconstruction surgery which was 6-7 hours.  	3	4	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	1	He is very knowledgeable. I am nervous about going to the doctors, but this doctor alleviated my fears.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	1	Saw me immediately, when other orthopedic surgeons made new patients wait 5 weeks for an appointment. Treated my ruptured tendon professionaly and compassionately. Very friendly, helpful and had a good sense of humor.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
49	1	Great dentist, listened to my concerns and also sang to me.  Haha 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
50	1	Dr. Z is the best!! He delivered my babies and did my surgery. He knows what he's doing.  I trust him 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Molina
50	0	I am now having to see a doctor to fix what he did not do right.  This is not what I was looking for.  Stay away from him or you will be looking for someone to fix it.  	 12/27/11	3	2	2	Insurance:BC Med
50	1	Dr. Z is great always listens and helps. He knows his stuff. He is always busy because he is so good. Yes, sometimes a patient may have an emergency he delivers babies! He adresses important issues first. That is the kind of Dr. I want, not someone who is too busy when it counts. He puts his patients first. I am Blessed to call him my Dr. Thank You Dr. Zaidan.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Henry Ford / HAP
50	1	Dr. Zaidan is great!! He did the DeVinci robot Hysterectomy &amp; Bladder lift surgery at Crittenton hospital. Everything went very good, recovery time was only 4 weeks. He is a GREAT doctor! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	Dr. Zaiden is the best OBGYN I have ever had. He delivered my last child (4th) and I wish I had known him for my previous three! Wonderful bedside manner. Very knowledgeable.  His staff is wonderful as well and I love Shannon, the nurse practitioner! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	1	Dr.Zaidan is great very helpful and caring.  Always there when you need him, and returns personal phone calls.   Great GUY! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	1	surgery was for 1:00 pm and he vshowed up at 4:15 pm I was first but took someone else first . I had time to get up set for waiting things when bad from waiting I feel and surgery was stopped and bot finished,                             i  still have to have this finished.  noy happy at this point.  	4	1	4	4 	Insurance:BC Med
50	-1	My average wait time when I come is 1 hr to 2 hrs. I believe the last time I was there it was a wait time of 1hr 1/2 before I was actually seen. I have had two unsuccessful surgeries for my endometriosis, it not only came back, but it was worst. I hear of other women who get it excisioned off and it never comes back. I don't think I like that they use the laser treatment because it did not work for me. 	1	1	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	I love Dr. Zaiden... He's the best. I always feel comfortable and safe! He's always willing to help and explain what's going on.  He takes the extra time needed to let you know he truly cares! 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	-1	DO NOT HAVE THIS DOCTOR DO A BLADDER SLING ON YOU!He did one on me and wouldn't listen when I told him something was wrong with it so now I have found another doctor who is going to fix the problems I am having because Dr. Zaidan does not know what he is doing when it comes to the bladder slings. Also his staff is horrible. I have had nothing but problems with them. One time I went in there and sat there for several hours waiting to see dr Zaidan. I went up to the desk I don't even know how many times asking how much longer it would be and they kept telling me not much longer. Come to find out they never even pulled my chart and gave it to him. I had to catch him when he was coming out from seeing another patient and ask what was going on. Also, I was getting treatment for my endometriosis where i had to come into the office once a month. I went in one time as ususal to get my medicine and they didn't have it because and I quote &quot;They accidently gave it to another patient&quot;.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
50	1	the best, just the best. he is so helpful and kind even to us old &quot;ladies&quot;.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	1	Dr. Zaiden is a wonderful doctor, he has been my doctor for 4 years.  Extremely knowledgable and he really cares for his patients, he works hard and is committed to his practice.  His office has extended hours, which is very hard to find. The staff is also very helpful and friendly.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
50	1	The staff is great, and knowledgeable. Shannon Hill especially is FABULOUS. I do find that there is a lot of overbooking or running late, which is my only (but big) complaint with this practice. If they could straighten out their schedules so patients don't wait more than 10 minutes on a regular basis they'd be almost flawless.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	1	Dr. Z. has been my doctor for 5 years.  He is ALWAYS knowledgable, helpful, and kind.  He has even controlled my endometiosis which was considered sever and now pain free after all of his hard work.   Even though his office can be busy I HIGHLY RECCOMEND him!  He and his staff are EXCEPTIONAL!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
50	1	Dr. Zaidan is so fantastic. He makes you feel comfortable and is always there for any questions. He is calming and knowledgable, and helped me tremendously through my fight with endometriosis. All surgeries with him went smoothly without complications, as I have had in the past with other OB/GYNs. I highly reccommend him and the rest of his staff (especially the very helpful and quick-responding Shannon Hill).  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Henry Ford / HAP
50	1	Great bedside manner.  Compassionate, great personality. Removed a cyst, ovary & fallopian tube via laparoscope & 2 weeks later I was able to resume everything in my normal routine.  	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
50	1	Dr. Zaiden delivered my first child. He was very helpful through my whole pregnancy and made me feel comfortable. If I had my way, He would deliver all of my babies.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Henry Ford / HAP
50	1	Dr Z has been my gynecologist for over 8 years.  Always helpful, informative, friendly.  Followed up with a personal phone call twice after a &quot;cancer scare&quot;.  He was sure I was ok, but sent me to specialist because of my concerns and family history, couldn't have asked for better response and care.Highly recommend him to others. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	I think De. Zaidan has entirely too many patients and does not have time.  The office was filled with patients that looked like they were at a free clinic and we felt very out of place.  I would suggest using doctor Zaidan if you are on government assisatance and have no other means of healthcare.  	1	2	3	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	1	He was very good, explained everything very well. I don't have kids, but would probably be a good doctor for that type of thing. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	Dr. Zaidan is great! He is caring and thorough and really takes his patients comfort and desires seriously. His patients come first and that is always clear. I've been a patient for 4 years and in that time had a child that he delivered.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
51	1	We're pleased with the quality of care, the follow up and the integrative medicine approach.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
51	1	Honest and caring individual. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
52	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	I have seen Dr Z for Many years, He takes time to figure out what’s going on with you and how it may be affecting your health.  He is a caring Doctor who listens, and doesn't seem to want to hurry out of the room to the next patient.  If there is a problem with him it may be that he is so good that it is hard to get into see him.  If you are a walk in and see one of the other doctors or a PA well that may well be another story, most seem competent, but for me, if possible I wait for my appointments with Dr. Z.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
52	1	I have been going to Dr. Zielinski's office/walk-in for a few years.  In those years, the walk-in has been incredibly slow and the PA has not helpful. I will choose to go there only if I am VERY sick.  Usually, I make an appointment with the doctor himself, because I do really like him.  In the last two years (maybe 10 visits), I have shown up and they have denied that an appointment was ever made.  This is very frustrating for someone who doesn't feel well.  One and half weeks ago, I called and made an appointment.  Today I went in at the scheduled time and basically felt like I was being called a liar.  Not at any point were the front desk staff apologetic towards the fact that an appointment had ever been made for me.  I will no longer be going to their office for walk-in or otherwise.  Dr. Z. is a good doctor. Both the doctor and his nurse have both been very helpful, although his office staff are just the opposite, at least in my experience.  	1	3	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
53	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	She is a great help to me in helping me with my anxiety and depression. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	Never in a rush, Takes his time and does a great job. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	Very great experience, very understandable and a perfectionist. I am sure he will do the best job possible 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	Nice office, very clean. Staff was down to earth. Doctor was knowledegeable. Used laser therapy. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	So far our experience has been good.  I thought he was very knowledgable about my husbands shoulder problem and explained everything clearly.  I'm praying that he won't need surgery but if he does, I have every confidence that Dr. Zand will do a good job. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
56	-1	 	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
56	-1	Worst man ever. I had to have a knee surgery done and he looked at me and said if I wasnt fat I wouldnt have a problem. Too bad it was a genetic problem. He was always rude to me and my family. When I had to have more PT he told me I was lazy and when I had to have a cast checked for infection he told me that I was a waste of the Dr. on calls time. I will never go back there nor will I ever refer anyone to him. He is well known as a yeller and screamer. 	5	4	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	I had both hips replaced and carpal tunnel release.  I would recommend Dr. Zand and would return to him as a patient. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	Dr Zand did 3 hip surgeries on me 20 years ago.  He has continued to be informative and helpful with my problems.  He is honest and to the point.  He has my utmost respect. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	Dr Zand is doing knee surgery on me next week. So far I love how helpful his staff is, the office is clean,they make you comfortable. Dr Zand is very informative on what is going wrong and explains it clearly. Hardly took anytime to get in for my first visit. 	 1/7/09	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	An extremely competent psychotherapist with the ability to make clients feel comfortable while applying approriate challenges to address issues.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
58	1	Anyone who has experienced acute foot pain knows how impactful it is on other facets of your day. Recently I had a ridiculous ingrown nail situation that simply had to be dealt with. I had an appointment elsewhere set up as early as I could get it (two days later), when I called Dr. Zayid. First of all, it was before his office had actually opened, yet it was he who answered the phone. Second, he immediately looked to see what the earliest options would be to get me in, and moved a couple of things to get me in THAT morning. The appointment was quick, but additionally the office staff was incredibly friendly and attentive, the delivery of the anesthetic as painless it can be (for those who know), and the procedure itself very straightforward. I would also add that the follow up care was great as well. I am new to the area, but there is no doubt that I have found the guy to go to for relief of anything related to ‘feet discomfort’.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
59	1	GREAT JOB...  STOPPED MY PAIN.   MADE IT SO THAT I COULD WALK AGAIN 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
60	-1	Was brought out of anesthesia halfway through my colonoscopy, and Dr. Zalewska insisted on finishing it, even though I was in excruciating pain, and even though the nurse asked her at least 5 times if she wanted to stop! I wouldn't let her even talked to anyone I cared about, much less treat them. She may know her stuff (she didn't tell me anything about the cause of my dramatic weight loss, just suggested more tests), but I'd rather see a knowledgeable doc who is also humane.  	3	3	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
61	1	This is the most awesome doctor and I have seen around over 10-15 different doctors since 7/1995.  Totally listens, is very educated and and cares and tries to monitor reactions ..  all those other ppl w/ bad experience, just know there are many different side effects pertaining to each individuals specific chemistry and metabolism, also street drugs can exaggerate symptoms.  Look, take small dose, read up on the papers that come with meds, or maybe small print is too hard for your little pessimistic perspective.  Bottom line, this doctor is not God, no doctor is..  He didn't make YOUR particular body/chemistry and nor did he make these pills you agree to try..  He recommends great mades that worked for me and he listens when I tell him what works or doesn't.  He agrees to this but wont allow that and is like a commander in a battlefield of society brainwashed to think prescription pills are made by some Godly character and if any side effects boohoo blame/doctor... DR. Z! RULES 	 7/1/11	4	4	5	Insurance:Medicare
61	1	I liked Dr Zapata very much. He listened to my concerns, discused medicine and symptoms. Yes, there was alot of adjustments to my medicine with increase or decrease of it, also addition to a new medicine. People need to know that there are side effects, and it takes awhile to get that medicine right. It took me ten years to get mine right. Well almost right because I need something more. He left the facility were I seen him and now has his own practice. I will soon be his patient again and look forward to it. He is a fantastic doctor and treats his patients with concern and respect. I would recommend him to anyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
61	-1	This man almost ended my life. Instead of helping me, he drugged me up to a zombie-like state. If I questioned anything or looked it up myself, I was not worth listening to. Any side effects were pushed aside, unnecessary reports to my parents (at 19) were made, and a miserable experience that almost had me kill myself out of frustration. Believed my parents' reports of symptoms over my own, at 19. Hardly ever even looked me in the eye. This man is the subject of my nightmares, I can't believe he's still practicing.  	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
61	-1	not found to have regard to patients as people. He uses his credentials unwisly.  	2	4	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
61	-1	. Uncooperative, less than competent, and vindictive 	1	4	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
61	-1	If you are a patient, run now! The drug companies must pay him well! All he seems to know how to do is write prescriptions for drugs that worsen symptoms and give new side effects. 		5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
61	-1	Text book doctor, thinks all patients are the same. If the medication doesn't work, just up the dose. If that doesn't work, up it more. Very scarry in his &quot;Specialty&quot; since most patients probably put all their trust in him. He comes across as knowledgeable and likeable at first, but if treatments aren't working, he gets mad at you for questioning the results. Patients need to take a stand or find another doctor. Real good at pushing his drug rep medications too! 	 3/2/06		4	2	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	Dr Zook: Is very professional knowledgeable &amp; compassionate. I feel very fortunate to have her as my doctor. If your able to get her as your primary doctor please realize you will be in good hands &amp; well taken care of. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	She is wonderful.  She really cares about the patient.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	1	Been seeing for many years.  She's very nice, knowledgeable, and compassionate.  I would recommend her to anyone. 	2	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	We have gone through 3 pediatricians and she is the absolute best! She is even the pediatrician my gynecologist goes to for his children! She developed a personal relation with both of my children from the moment we stepped foot in her office.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
63	1	Both of our girls go to Dr. Z.  She is kind, thoughtful, actively listens to you and your concerns and is always willing to answer as many questions as you have.  Very easy to get an appointment. 	4	5	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
63	-1	She is the worse, she almost killed my daughter knowing that she is alergic to penicillin and she still prescribed for her.Please don't have her as your kids pediatrician. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
64	-1	.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	1	Dr. Zetusky is a very warm and caring person who listened to my concerns and problems before offering suggestions. Together we openly discussed my diagnosis and came to grips with treatment options. Dr. Zetusky made excellent referrals and coordinated my treatment. I feel he alweays had my well being at heart and helped me tremendously. I have referred my friends to him because of his compassion and professional skills. All were as pleased as I am. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	Dr Zainea MD is a well-respected Colon and Rectal Surgeon for good reason.  He is patient, conservative yet thorough, is a great Surgeon and has a wonderfully compassionate bedside manner.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
65	1	 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	I have been going to Dr. Z. since I was 18 years old and I am now 46 years old.  He has delivered both my children (one is 27 years old and one is 5 years old).   I have had no issues with him or his staff ever.   Matter of fact, they have been always more than helpful and answer my questions.   My first child I had to have a csection (cord around neck) and my second child I tried natural at first without drugs, with his blessing, but because the way my body is made I was unable to proceed, I had to have a c-section.  Apparently my body is just not set up to deliver a child naturally.   Thank god this didn't happen 100 years ago, I would have died.  With the last csection I was fully awake and within 20 minutes of the surgery completed I was sitting up, talking on the phone and asking for food!      I am thankful Dr.  Z is my doctor and I dread looking for a new doctor once he retires! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
66	-1	I have to agree with the first review. Dr.Z is AWFUL. I had been seeing Dr.Z for 2 years hoping that eventually he will take the time to explain what is going on. He was always very short with me trying to rush me out of his office. The only thing good about this office is the nurses, which always tried to explain things way more than Dr.Z. I would never EVER recommend Dr.Z as a doctor. He doesn&apos;t care about his patients at all. On top of all this his office is only open three days out of the week making it worse if your having a problem. Also they always call and reschedule your appointment for &quot;meetings&quot; and &quot;surgeries&quot; even if it was urgent. Definitely not a good gyno for anyone who could possibly need immediate attention. If I could give a very very negative review, I would. I cannot believe he can keep patients! There are WAY better doctors out there, please do yourself a favor and KEEP LOOKING! Just this morning they call to reschedule my appt! I have finally found a new dr.  	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	1	I have been very impressed with Dr. Zarewych and his staff thus far.  At my last visit, I came in with a long list of questions that first his nurse went over with me and then the doctor spent over 35 minutes going over with me.  He gave me very detailed answers and told me that it was entirely my choice whether I wanted natural childbirth or an epidural.  I found him to be very encouraging and warm and his staff is also very, very friendly.  On my second visit, I was STARVING and his nurse brought me a snack to tide me over.  I'm very surprised by the last person's review, it is the complete opposite of my experience so far.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
66	-1	Anyone that says this guy is a good doctor is CRAZY. He told me that &quot;woman cannot give birth drug free because they are spoiled and can't handle pain&quot; He said that after I said I wanted a drug free delivery. I went to see him as he said he did VBACs, well he decided he wanted to to give me an exam and basically violated me with his fingers (which are extremely large, ouch) and told me there was NO WAY I could birth a baby over 6lbs vaginally. I delivered a 7lb 9oz baby 3 weeks later DRUG FREE! I left his office in tears because of his exam, I felt so violated. This man needs to retire!!! FYI I also heard he gives A LOT of c-sections from many people.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	1	Very Friendly staff, and a very good selection of designer glasses! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	. I like that tricare is finally accepted in my area! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
68	1	Very wonderful &amp; patient Doctor who took the time to explain the problems I was having/had...He delivered my 2 beautiful &amp; bright daughters who are the joy of my life... He safely delivered my first daughter who would not have been here today if it was not for his skilled medical care...Doctors thought she would have problems but she is fine &amp; now owns &amp; runs ThePoshEvents.com... Our second daughter was delivered by C-section &amp; she too is doing great as an Attorney. May he be always Blessed..  JMK 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	1	Dr Zima has been nothing but an angel in my life. From saving my grandmothers life by ridding her of cancer to delivering all of my cousins my daughter my sister and soo many many more. He is the only gyno that I had been to that I felt comfortable at and he does just that. I would or COULD never switch doctors.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
68	1	Without his knowledge and patience I would not be here today to write this note.  Dr. Zima saved my life.  He is  wonderful, kind, loving and very understanding.  On a scale of 1 to 10; he is a 10+.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
68	1	Dr Zima delivered both my children via c-sections.  He has this bedside manner that makes you feel very comfortable as soon as he walks in the room.  Lets be honest in his line of work that is some personal business and Dr zima goes the extra mile to make sure you are fully understanding of whats going on and what he is doing.  Keep up the awesome job.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
68	1	Dr. Zima was an amazing doctor. This was my first pregnancy and I was so happy to have had such a great doctor who answered all our questions and concerns and made us feel so at ease.  We trusted him completely and hope that he is able to deliver our second baby as well! I would recommend him to everyone out there! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
68	1	He delievered my son last July.  He is wonderful!! Helped me through a rough pregnancy! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
68	1	I am from Canada,had seen many doctors there(appr 5)about my pain always without a diagnoses. Saw Zima found the problem, had hyst. and have never felt better. Was mobile after two days home after surgery and no pain killers. My 18 yr old daughter,who is in school in Canada, called me to tell me she was diagnoed with hpv, I brought her down here to see Zima. I would not trust anyone else with my daughters or myself. My husband personally thanked him for giving him his wife back.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	1	Dr. Zima delivered all my children...I love him and recommend him to everyone. He is OB/GYN to many of my friends and they all love him to. He's very easy to talk to and makes you feel very comfortable and is easy to talk to!! GO ZIMA!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	Dr. Zima is thoughtful caring and most of all very knowledgeable about his practice.   I personally recommend him to EVERY woman I know that says they need OB/GYN 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	1	 	4	4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	When I first saw Dr. Zawisa he was full of patients and not taking anymore but took me on anyway since my other doctor left the practice. He listens and has helped me alot with my medical issues.  Dr.Zawisa is a great doctor! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	Listens well. Smart. Will give best effort to help. Couldn't ask for much more. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
70	-1	He is a high-pressure salesman.  He is at least twice the cost of other dentist in the area and tried to overcharge my insurance company on several occasions to my detriment.  I had to revisit him for poor work and when I questioned him on it he was condescending and unhelpful.  	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
71	-1	He rather will collect money at your bedside when you in a pain then giving you useful medical advice.  Incredible jerk!!! Hope, the hospital will find out it soon and trow him away (as well as the medical board) 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
71	-1	The last person you want to call a &quot;doctor&quot;. He is caring how to collect from you money than listening and caring about you. Avoid!!!!!!!!1 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
71	-1	Dr. Zink seemed very unknowledgeable about what was causing my pain.  He was also very reluctant to order the tests I needed.  He made me feel like my pain was all in my head and tried to put me on anti-depressants for &quot;phantom pain&quot; when, come to find out later, I needed to have my gallbladder out.  He was not willing to listen to what I wanted and kept insisting it was anxiety related. 	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
71	-1	Dr. Zink seems very unknowledgeable. He never has an answer for any questions we ask him, and only after he is able to consult with other doctors is he able to make diagnosis. There has to be at least one doctor who finishes last in his class at Med School, and I think this guy is that one. I would highly recommend finding another doctor if possible. His bedside manor is terrible, and he never seems to have a plan of action. 	5	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
71	0	Dr Zink was very unresponsive and did not treat my father's medical condition as an emergency situation at all - even though he is bleeding internally. He was unavailable during off hours. To date, Dr. Zink has been unable to determine the cause of the internal bleeding. He does not seem to have the sense of urgency that the situation demands. He has also mis-prescribed medication for my dad, which actually caused him to be much more sick than he already was. 	5	1	4	2 	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	I was very scared and in pain!!! She was so kind and answered all my questions and most of all it did not hurt!! I wish she could do all my dental work. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	I would like to see this intern every visit. She listens to me and is very knowledgeable. 	5	1	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
74	1	Ruth is a great mid-wife. She is very supportive of your decisions. She wont pressure you into anything you dont want to do.  I would recomend her to all of my friends and I would definatly see her again! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
74	1	Ruth is a great midwife to go to during pregnancy. She makes you feel welcome and really cares about you.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
74	1	Ruth is an awesome midwife. She's very knowledgeable in her area. She's a very caring person and will do anything she can to help her patients.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
75	1	Dr. Zimmerman is OUTSTANDING! She is so caring &amp; helpful , really get's to know her people. She is a life saver! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
76	-1	This Dr. argued with me regarding information I received from my specialist, only after reading her medical book to me aloud did she realize that she was wrong. After ANOTHER wrong diagnosis (she said I had a cold and to deal with it, when I actually had pnuemonia) and improper care I sought out a better Dr.  	5	3	2	1 	Insurance:Aetna
76	1	Doctor was very knowledgeable and seemed to really care about my wellbeing. Dr Z also made sure I understood what was wrong with me. Overall I would recommend this doctor to all my family and friends and actually do.  		4	4	5 	Insurance:Henry Ford / HAP
76	0	Poor bedside manner. Actually yelled at me and berated me for gaining weight. Did NOT look forward to next visit. If you're even slight overweight, do not see this doctor. 		4	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
77	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
78	-1	He has had to operate three times to fix my foot, which I am not blaming him for, as I feel it was due to my own physical makeup. However, despite this, I feel he has been very defensive and quick to blame me, the physical therapist, etc. for why this has happened.  I also feel that his staff is often rude, especially when you are frustrated with the overbooking.  I am a professional person also and my time is valuable.  He is defensive of everyone else and does no self criticism of his office.  	2	1	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	0	I waited two hours before I saw Dr. Zingas then he gave me less than 7 minutes of his time. He became slightly irritated when I questioned him about his recommended surgical option. I felt he was in a rush. He kept pressing hard where it hurt AFTER we had already established WHERE it hurt. I found this disturbing after the fourth or fifth time. He did not address the risks of surgery to my satisfaction. I feel I learned more from Google for free. I received a diagnosis but felt the discussion of the options were rushed.   I will not go back.  	4	1	2	4 	Insurance:CIGNA
78	1	Ive gone to Dr Zingas for a while now, and he is correcting a botched surgery that I had. He is a very friendly doctor, always giving me answers to my questions. Very professional too. I would recommend him to anyone. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	I went to him with a botched surgery, and while we are awaiting the 3rd surgery to fix (we've been trying to remove as little of a severed nerve as possible, but the end keeps coming untucked), I appreciate his attempts to fix this problem non-surgically, and as conservative as possible.  When he called personally, from his office, at 7 PM on a Friday to let me know we'd need to go in and do #3, I felt like I was consoling *him*.   What I love most is his honesty that he doesn't always know the answers--he's made me go to a 2nd opinion neurosurgeon before he operated to see if I thought he was on the right track, and his hand surgeon, Dr. Dietz, will also be in on my surgery, as he &quot;is more adept at microsurgery&quot; than Zingas himself.  Go see him on Fridays; those are his best on-time days.  His staff is very helpful when you are post op, but not otherwise, which should not reflect on him. He's also been incredibly sweet when I get a little weepy in pre-op.  	2	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	-1	Noticed a bump on my foot and had XRAY which showed screw was popping out of my bone.  Have to get 2nd surgery on BOTH feet to correct his mistakes. Also, cannot move any of my toes.  Going to new Dr. because Dr. Zingas had no anwers for me as to why this happened. 	5	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	Initial office visit he was very friendly and helpful, post-op he was very short-answered and didn't really appear too eager to explain how things were going. I still have more follow-up appts with him, hopefully his demeanor will improve. I felt as if I was a burden to him so far. 	 1/4/07		3	2	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	Very helpful. Answered all my questions about my fracture (after surgery). 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	Very professional. Friendly and confident. Had surgery by him several times for myself and my family. He did an excellent job with my son who had a very difficult fracture in his leg. Highly recommend him! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
78	0	Probably a good surgeon but won't answer questions...very difficult time attempting to get my xrays. 		4	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	I really like Dr.Zafar. She is the best doctor. She is very friendly, kind and a caring doctor. She remembers all my conditions, my previous visits and medications without even looking at the sheets. She is very considerate and tried to help me as much as she could when I lost my job and had insurance problems.I would like to recommend her to anyone.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
79	1	I love DR Zafar !!! she is by far the best and most professional  Dr. I have ever had ... If only I could get her to give me my medical marijuana perscription! 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
79	1	Excellent physician, very knowledgeable and curteous. Dr Zafar always takes her time to answer any questions you may have.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
79	1	This doctor is excellent,she is thorough, takes her time and doesn't rush you. I would never change, she's awesome.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
79	1	The best DR. I have ever had ; she really cares, and is quite thorough! however, half of the staff is lagging behind ....  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
79	1	Great doctor, and she runs on time.  I would recommend her to anyone 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
80	-1	Horrible!!! You get what you pay for, not much of anything 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
81	-1	My interaction with Dr. Zinkel was the worst I’ve ever had with a physician.  He was so entirely off base with his diagnoses that I am amazed he has made it this far.  He is rude, short and insulting.  If you take the chance and utilize his services, I will suggest you NEVER disagree with him.  You will be dismissed.  	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:HealthFirst
81	-1	Dr. Zinkel botched my grandma's back surgery and her life was a living hell for the remainder of her time on Earth. He swindled her, caused irrevocable nerve damage and lied to her for 2 years so she couldn't sue. I find him entirely responsible for the death of my grandmother. I hope you burn in hell. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	This is an EXCELLENT surgeon!! Top in his field.  Professional, courteous, caring, genuine.  He LISTENS to what you have to say and you never feel rushed when speaking with him.  I had spinal fusion surgery that was compressing my spinal cord, and I would highly recommend him without a moments hesitation. It is so nice to finally see a Dr that truly cares about my health AND really knows what he is doing!!  Thank you Dr.  Zinkel!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
81	-1	Dr. Zinkel was extremely rude and disrespectful to my elderly mother...post-op 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	Knowledgeable in his field and takes the time to explain and answer questions.  Successful spine surgery. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	This Doctor is wonderful. A caring person and an expert in his field. I was suffering from a bad case of stenosis, and he gave me back my life.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
82	-1	. Doesn't respond to seniors who need immediate help, takes days to even think of helping 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
82	1	Very congenial. Good doctor/patient relationship.  		5	4	4 	Insurance:Medicare
83	1	You guys have a great staff. and a greeeeat office. Thank You!!!! 	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
83	1	We use Dr. Zjmieko as our central doctor and keeper of all reports for our son.  Our son has many disabilities and many doctors. Dr. Zjmieko keeps in touch with all of them so that he sees the bigger picture.  Always friendly and kind.  His office staff are the same. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
83	1	Excellent doctor. Always takes my thoughts into account.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
83	1	A very helpful doctor. He was my doctor when I was a kid, and he continues to treat my own children. His office, St. John's Children's Health Care, is operated effeciently, and very rarely do I wait very long.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
83	1	Excellent doctor and office staff. Friendly and never double books appointments. Always gets my children in right away when sick.  		4	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
84	1	I have had wonderful results seeing him I have had increased energy, decrease in pain, and peripheral neuropathy has resolved.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
84	1	My husband and I saw Dr. Ziobron and we were both very satisfied with him. He ordered blood tests that showed we both had candida which he successfully treated. He is highly knowledgeable and willing and able to address root cause, not just symptoms. To those of who experienced feeling worse, you should be aware that as your body releases toxins, you may feel worse before feeling better. This is quite common. You need to stick with the treatment and give it time to work.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
85	0	Doesn't listen. Writes too many prescriptions that are not needed. Doesn't like questions or patient opinions. Too rushed and busy. Relies on lab results only, not patient input. Doesn't really understand human beings well. Office is old and staff is not great. Would not recommend. 	2	3	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	A1 She is highly competent  careful and caring . explanes concerns and needs for testsand referals to specialists 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
86	1	catered to my needs for appoitment. Very friendly people.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
86	1	Very friendly and explains everything she does. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	Dr. Zawaideh is a genuinely kind and caring person. The receptionist is delightful.  At many of my prior physician's offices I have been made to feel like cattle, this IS NOT the case here; at Dr. Zawaideh's I feel like a genuinely appreciated patient.  Best experience ever!   Also, the office is so beautifully decorated &amp; smells so wonderful, you will feel like you escaped to a spa. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
87	-1	If you want a straight-up allopathic doctor who processes you quick and gives up on you even quicker if you don't respond to Rx; a doctor who's knowledge is primarily of the pharmacopia and not actually about health, then she's the one for you.  Very personable, just very conventional, and that's just not very helpful in a lot of actual healthcare situations. 	5	4	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	Very thorough, took time to answer all of my questions.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
89	1	By far 2nd to none! We in Michigan are so lucky to have a surgeon of his caliber and kindness. Dr. Zaltz is intelligent, passionate, has great bedside manner, humorous, and very skilled at what he does. He has vast knowledge about adult hip disorders and has operated on both my hips successfully. We've developed a fantastic patient/doctor relationship and he has followed through with me every step of the way, making recovery seamless. He will call back same day or next day to answer any questions you have and his assistant Jennifer is top notch too! The way he performs PAO's for hip dysplasia is incredible. The procedure time, the incision, recovery in the hospital, and recovery at home is by far superior to any other top docs out there for PAO's! You can be home in 3-4 days, only have a 4 inch incision, you don't need to donate blood prior to surgery or have a transfusion after, he's that good! He is a gem of a doctor. I can't say enough good things about him! 	 7/12/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
89	-1	I have had dislocating patellas since I was in the 3rd grade. Both my mother and brother had the same condition I did. Both had corrective surgeries to fix this condition with no complications during and after surgery. I received surgery on both my knees from Dr Ira Zaltz at the age of 14. I am now 24. Ever since the surgery nothing good has come from it. Both knees still dislocate numerous times a month, I have severe arthritis, severe chronic pain, and for lack of a better word, severe malalignment. My R knee bends to max 90 degrees. And each day when i think the pain isnt that bad and i begin to forget about what i went through i look down and i see those 12 inch scars on my legs to remind me. (which by the way were completely unnecessary for what he did to me) I am writing this comment to warn people to research and do everything you can before you receive treatment let alone surgery from a doctor. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	Although the wait in the waiting room is long, I would never think of seeing another surgeon. I have hip dysplasia in my right hip. I am also a Type One Diabetic. Dr. Zultz has done nothing but help me. I will be having surgery in October and I wouldn't trust another doctor to do it. He explains everything very well, listens to what I have to say, and takes time to answer my questions. I really feel like he care about his patients and has a great attitude when it comes to surgery and treatment. Dr. Zultz is awesome! 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	We have had Dr Zaltz since our son was born 10 yrs ago.  We really apprieciate his compasion towards the children and his honesty with us.  He is one of our best doctors on our team to care for our special needs son.  Our son has spastic quad c.p. and Dr Zaltz works with us to keep the surguries to a minimum.  I would recommend him to anyone. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	I Have nothing but GREAT things to say about Dr. Zaltz! The wait time may be a little long sometimes but this is my experience with EVERY doctor I see. Dr. Zaltz is very busy but took the time to call and speak to me personally which is rare in the world of doctors. I am so thankful for having been referred to him when I was as the surgery he performed saved me from a hip replacement at age 29! Thank you Dr. Zaltz,I am forever thankful to you and your staff. Any of you who have negative comments, show me your medical degree and then we can talk. Until then, Dr.  Zaltz is forever my hero :) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
89	1	There is not enough words to describe how good Dr.Zaltz is. He is my favorite doctor by far, I am 13 and had ben to several doctor's I was just not going to let anyone into my body. Dr.Zaltz explained everything to me and he put a Rod & 6 Screw's into my spine and corrected my scoliosis. I seriousley look forward to going into his office. He let me make all the decision for my surgery. He always makes me feel so comfterable going to his office. Yes, there is a long wait and you never really know when you are going to get in but it is totally worth it. Dr. Zaltz came in on Easter Sunday to visit me in the hospital 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HIP
89	-1	Dr. Zaltz is rude and arrogant.  Everytime we had an appointment with him, we waited in his office for about 2 hours and 15 minutes before we saw him.  The other two doctors in the office keep a bulletin board for their patients to let them know how long a wait they can expect, and their numbers were usually 30-35 minutes. This courtesy allows their patients to run an errand, or get a quick bite to eat while they wait.  But Dr. Zaltz does not extend this courtesy to his patients, and there is so much one could do for 2 hours besides sitting in a hot waiting room full of bored children.  	1	1	2	2 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
89	1	I had my first appointment with Dr. Zaltz at the end of June and he is absolutely wonderful! I expected to wait an hour or more to see him and I did, but it was worth every minute. He immediately puts you at ease, is personable and funny, also very knowledgeable about adult hip symptoms. He listened to all my questions and answered them all without batting an eye. He treats you like you are the only patient there and spent 1.5 hours with me! He's definately dedicated to what he does but also makes sure that you are involved as well without being pushy or opinionated. He will get right to the point and makes sure he doesn't purposely over-whelm you, at least that's what I got out of my visit. He accomodates several patients from far away (I come from 3.5 hours away for example) and works with you to make seeing him and getting tests done for him easy. I have never felt as comfortable with a specialist as I have with Dr. Zaltz and look forward to having surgery with him! 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	After visiting several other Orthopaedic specialist for my hip pain, I was finally referred to Dr. Zaltz. He is always VERY busy, but extremely intelligent in Orthopaedics, and even though I was 1 of 100 patients that he saw that day, when I did see him, he made me feel like I was his only patient.  The most important thing is he noticed very important details about me that no one else had noticed.  He quickly deduced that I was having problems tieing my shoes and putting on my socks. Until then, I hadn't realized that my hip problems caused my recent decrease in flexibility.  I'm a 26 year old Former Ice Hockey Goalie, and I encourage all goalies with Groin or hip problems to be seen by Dr.  Zaltz 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
89	0	Dr. Zaltz never let me know what was going on. I'm 23 years old and he treated me as if i'm a minor. 	1	3	1	5 	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	wonderful bedside manner and very knowledgeable DR.  returns phone calls, consults with other DR's that may be involved in your care...would reccommend to anyone :)  i have been lucky with wait times....but its worth the wait...cuz you won't be rushed out! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	. doctor zalts put 3 pins and 2 screws in my left hip and 1 pin in my right i thought that him and his staff were wonderful and my mom and i (im 11) dont have to wait and his partner is a worderful doctor also and he let me know evreything we needed to know and i was back in school by a week 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
89	1	Dr. Zaltz was fantastic.  While the wait time was at times unbearable, I know that when it is like that, he is paying attention to the needs of his patients.  I had an open hip surgery done, and Dr. Zaltz was able to explain it to me and my wife so that we knew what to expect and there were NO surprises.  I would reccommend Dr. Zaltz to any of my friends that need a hip doctor.  While he is primarily a pediatric doc, he does see adults.  	4	1	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
89	1	Love this doctor. He is very nice and explains the conditions and options well, without being pushy. His office wait can be a little long, but his staff are amazing and very helpful when answering questions and helping with insurance issues. I have, and will, recommend Dr. Zaltz to anyone that I think may have similar conditions.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
89	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Zaltz for almost 7 years. He is the best doctor I've ever had. He is my favorite and I am his. We have established a fantastic doctor/patient relationship and through all of my mishaps and car crashes and struggles with psuedoarthrosis, he has taken fantastic care of me. I will never see another orthapedic surgeon.  	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
89	-1	Dr. Zaltz performed back surgery on me in 2001. The staff was great! The punctuality was bad. I always waited at least an hour to be seen. The helpfulness was very poor. Zaltz changed his plan many times on how he was going to perform the surgery. This should have been a warning sign. But I was young, and sick of being a hunchback. So I had surgery. The results were terrible! My right leg was paralyzed during the surgery, and after 4 months of being in traction my kyphoscoliosis was actually a few degrees worse than it was before. A year or so later I heard about Dr. Boachie in NYC. I went to consult with him, and a surgery was scheduled soon after. I told Dr. Zaltz about this, and he said &quot;He can't do anything for you&quot;. Wrong! Not only did Dr. Boachie clean up Zaltz's mess, he made my back completely straight with no side effects. Anyone needing spinal surgery consult with Dr. Boachie first. I know NYC is far, but it's worth it. He is the best in the world. Google his name for info.  	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
89	1	Dr. Zaltz is the best orthopedic dr ever!! My son was born with bilateral clubfeet and Dr. Zaltz was awesome from the first time I had talked to him to present (when he returned my phone call within 24 hrs). It is truly amazing to see my sons feet now--I would never have imagined that they would look so perfect!! We live in South Carolina now & we will travel anually for my sons appointments and we have no problem in doing that. Dr Zaltz is our angel!! His staff is amazing as well.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
89	-1	The waiting is very long. They post a sign to let you know how behind he is. Mostly it says 45 minutes up to 1.5 hours. People complain about this in the waiting room. He takes multiple days to return calls. He tells you one thing during an appointment and the dictates something different in his office note. This happened not only once but 3 different office visits. When you describe symptoms he will make you feel like you are making them up and doesnt order additional testing and then you go to have a second opinion, they order test, and SURPRISE it is positive for findings. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Z for almost 6 years. He is BY FAR the BEST orthopedic surgeon I have had. He took time to listen to my complaints and was VERY thorough with his exams. He seems a little shy (or I am really loud), but his bedside manner with both of my surgeries was nothing less that complete dedication and caring. I have had both hips surgerically repaired as an adult and had concerns 18 months post about how my first pregnancy would affect the hips, he called me on the WEEKEND to answer my questions. The office is packed, I won't lie there, but it is a small practice with MANY patients, especially pediatric patients. I have referred several potential patients to him with many ending in surgery. I am also current planning on taking our child to see him when it is born for a dysplasia check up, just in case.  CLASS A doc!! 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
89	1	Dr. Zaltz is wonderful and I would (and have) recommend him to anyone. After having met with many Ortho's over the course of a year, he got to the bottom of the situation. He's extremely knowledgeable, helpful, friendly and patient. I found his bedside manner exceptional!! His office appt's may run behind from time to time - but that's a very small price to pay for his expertise. Furthermore, he has always made himself available to me for questions and concerns. He's called my home on several occasions to talk with me, answer my questions, and see how I'm doing. He is truely a wondeful surgeon and person. And, his staff should not go without recognition...they are awesome. His nurse (Michelle) has been a godsend in getting me thru my surgeries - always making herself available as well.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
89	1	Dr. Zaltz is the man. I have had around 10 surgeries on my hip performed by Dr. Zaltz and every time he provided a detailed description of what was to happen and the possible results. it is very apparent that he loves his work and he truly looks at a patient as more than a number.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
89	0	Dr. Zaltz is a fabulous surgeon technically. He's the only doctor within the area to do the hip surgery for adult hip dysplasia. However, his bedside manner was sorely lacking when I was his patient. I had unexpected side effects after surgery and he came into the hospital room yelling at me like it was my fault. He would tell me one thing one time I would see him and tell me something completely contradictory the next time. He did not try to work with me at all. The surgery outcome was good and I would recommend the procedure for anyone with acetabular dysplasia.  		4	1	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
89	1	He is AMAZING and wonderful! i cant say enough good about him.  he has operated 2x on my hips and did a great job! i fully trust him! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
89	1	Dr. Zaltz has helped our son tremendously. He's totally awesome.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
89	1	Dr. Zaltz is probably the most personable and approachable orthopedic surgeon I have ever had the opportunity to meet. He took the time to explain my condition to me and the proposed treatment, and very patiently answered each and every one of my questions. He is a pediatric ortho who also sees adults with hip problems (femoraoacetabular impingement or acetabular dysplasia), and we here in SE Michigan should feel fortunate to have a doctor like this locally. I had seen several orthopedists and even had one unsuccessful surgery on my hip before I found him, and he immediately identified the problem (correctly) and proposed an appropriate treatment making sure I understood why he was recommending the procedure he did. I have now had two surgeries with him, and am doing very well. He is sensitive, intelligent, and highly skilled.  The office staff has also been very helpful, particularly Michelle - who is wonderful! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
89	1	Dr. Zaltz is a pediatric orthopedic surgeon through William Beaumont hospital. My son needed surgery for a broken bone, and Dr. Zaltz and his staff are just wonderful. They listened to concerns, explained everything fully, and even called my house the day after the surgery to see how my son was doing. I can't say enough good things about the office. Highly recommended! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
90	1	excellent doctor.  always there for you ralph is truly nice 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
90	1	Dr. Ralph is a wonderful doctor. He does good work.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
90	-1	. will not give legible medical records to patient has office staff that leaves a lot to be desired doctor gives patients the run around when requested to do so by dishonest michigan attorney 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
91	1	Dr. Zhou is amazing - she has calmed/cured my Intersticial Cystitis after years of hydro distentions and chronic pain.  She is very knowledgable in TCM and prescribed Chinese Herbs as well at acupuncture for my IC.  If you know of anyone who has IC, please have them contact Dr. Zhou. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	Two sessions, two weeks, two weeks later=pregnant. AFTER failed IVF. Thoughtful, invested in helping. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	Went to see Dr. Zhou for infertility. I was on  Clomid for 6 months then FSH for 7-8 months. Conceived 2x but would not progress past 6 weeks. She gave me tea and I had about 3 treatments before ovulation. Then she gave me a treatment before I-I and after. I have a beautiful healthy 2-year-old daughter. 1 cycle only! I was 41. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	Went in for help to release stress and my stress level decreased tremendously. Was very caring and went to see her for infertility -- not pregnant yet, but still very helpful. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	He's a wonderful doctor and person. Very caring, friendly, and knowledgeable. I've been thru 3 pregnancies with him. He was always willing to see me asap whenever I had a problem. You couldn't pay me to change doctors! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	He delivered my daughter, and I could not have been more pleased. He is an excellent doctor and recommend him all the time.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
92	1	Outstanding. Extremely easy to talk to. He's gentle, kind and makes you feel at ease. Explains things well and is willing to take as much time as necessary.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
93	-1	I might as well have just been talking to a computer. This Psychiatrist just sits their and types, shes did not display and interest in my problems at all, she just wanted to prescribe, I could do better on a web forum. If HFBC trys to set you up with her, you may want to seek another doctor who isn't robot like. 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
94	1	Always very helpful and pleasant but not particularly talkative. Staff is formal but friendly. Waiting time is sometimes problematic. 	4	3	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
94	-1	.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
94	-1	Extremely combative and hostile. Raised his voice several times while I sat silently wondering what I did wrong. Highly impatient and critical despite my condition requiring extra compassion. Total lack of empathy bordering on verbal abuse. I agree with the other poster that he was less knowledgeable than his webpage suggested. I seemed to know more about my condition than he did. I am wondering if that is why he was so insensitive.  	5	3	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
94	-1	I agree with the other comment made. Not responsive, appeared indifferent and uncaring. He may be an expert, but he wasn't helpful or kind.  	5	2	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
94	-1	Although we were told Dr. Zappia was clinically very good, I found him to be cold and unresponsive to our needs. He treated my daughter casually and dismissed my/our concerns. He had the audacity to suggest she needed psychiatric counseling (he didn't believe she had hearing loss).  I finally received a second opinion and was given a diagnosis.  The diagnosis we received was the same illness I specifically asked Dr. Zappia about yet was told to take her to a psychiatrist. I'm so hurt and angry and don't know what to do.  How could he have not read the CAT scan and see the same diagnosis&#63; He had it in his mind that she was doing this for attention and wouldn't consider any other reason! 	 4/22/08	5	2	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
95	1	The doctor was very personable, me being a new patient and all and he seems as though he really cares.  	4	5	4	4 	Insurance:BC Med
95	1	. Through cardiac treatment, became trusted friend 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
96	1	The experience is always pleasant, and the doctor never makes me feel rushed.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Henry Ford / HAP
96	1	Awesome doctor. Very friendly and knowledgeable. I have never had a doctor this caring and compassionate.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:UPMC
97	1	Very good experience. Highly recommend Dr Zetu. She is very personable and knowledgable.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
97	1	I had my surgery done 2 weeks ago and I was a little anxious about not knowing how I would feel afterwards.  I had NO PAIN! Dr  Zetu was amazing! She did a great job! I will recommend her to all my friends! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
97	-1	.  	2	2	2	1 	Insurance:Delta Dental
97	1	The Best! Great service and pain free! I had my implant done last month and although I was very anxious in the begining, everything was so smooth and afterwards no pain...  This dr called me after the procedure to find out how am I doing! Recommend this doctor to everybody who needs implants 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
97	-1	I scheduled my appt for a cleaning, gave my insurance information and it was confirmed with the billing woman that I was covered 100 percent for a cleaning every 6 months. She contacted my insurance company herself and confirmed with me a total of 3 times that I was completely covered for this appt. The cleaning took place, I was happy with the job, three weeks later I was billed $395.00. I phoned the office a total of 10 times trying to clear up the obvious mistake. They finally billed my insurance company who paid in full the PRE AGREED upon fee for a cleaning which left a balance of $286.00. They contiued to bill me yet REFUSED to return any of my numerous phone calls to explain why I had even been billed anything in the first place. About a year of continual phone calls & bills every month, they finally called me. She REFUSED to discuss it at all, only wanted yes or no if I was going to pay.I said no & she hung up on me. DO NOT USE THIS DOCTOR. CROOKED BUSINESS WOMAN!! 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
98	-1	had a hernia, vasectomy and skin tag that needed to be taken off. Initial visit 45+ min in an empty waiting room. hospital procedure over an hour late. Failure to verify correct location of procedure resulting in wrong skin tag removal (he just picked one). Failed to take full responsibility for his mistake. Possible nerve damage to my groin area. Not sure if its permanent since there has been no post op. incompetent office staff set post op date but did not record it themselves resulting in a wasted trip. Said they would call that afternoon to reschedule, I get call a week later to reschedule in 1 mo. they Cancelled rescheduled post op date rescheduled the following week for very 1st available 7:40am. 8:25am tired of waiting so I left never to return. Dr/ patient time was non existent. Although he allegedly spoke to me briefly after procedures the only time I coherently conversed with him was at my initial visit. In my opinion, he is much to busy to waste your time on.  	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:CIGNA
99	1	Dr. Zolotoy is a very kind, attentive physician. He really listens to the concerns of his patients and goes the extra mile to make sure they are provided with high quality care. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
