dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
4	1	comments 	4	4	2	5	Insurance:Unknown
5	-1	 Stay away from this doctor (and the term is used loosely.   He performed a surgery on my dear mother and he did the incorrect surgery.  Her life was miserable until her death.  Does not answer questions and is arrogant.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	1	commentsCaring and very helpful. Have been with many doctors; However, Dr. Kaddoura is one i've chosen to stay with for quite some time now. Paid/Co-pay:$45	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	.  A very nice man  Made me feel very relaxed 	4	4	5	3	Insurance:Henry Ford / HAP
11	-1	comments 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	 Very helpful, kind and couteous. He goes out his way to ensure you have the catre you need. Even if you are somewhat hard-headed and dont take heed to his suggestions.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
11	1	.  Very nice doctor, helpful and understanding 	3	4	4	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	-1	 this is the worst doctor i have ever meet in my hole life!!!!!! this ms.k has over dosed me on drugs she would not listen to what you thought would be the best choice because she claims she is the doctor but by seeing this monster my mental illness has increased i wouldnt reccomend my worst enemy to her!!!!                   wwww.cchr. org 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Medicare
18	1	commentsAmazing doctor.  Young, dedicated, knowledgeable, and thorough. He was able to exactly find out what was wrong with my son even though two other &quot;experienced&quot; doctors were not able to.  He friendly and caring.  A keeper. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	 Dr Kado is a very sweet doctor, and I felt comfortable with her.  But more importantly, I FINALLY found a doctor who could heal my lifelong skin problems! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	 GREAT DOCTOR, WOULD TRUST HER WITH MY LIFE....THANKS FOR ALL YOU HAVE DONE FOR MY TOTAL HEALTH...  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	.  Wonderful, caring and knowledgeable doctor! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	1	commentsDr. Kadambi is wonderful. I have been going to her for about 15+ years.  She is gentle, knowledgeable, always willing to talk as long as needed, answering all questions in detail. She is empathetic and caring. Anyone who says otherwise has to be lying or crazy. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	commentsI have been under the care of Dr. Kadambi for a number of years and have also referred a number of family and friends to her.  She is always willing to take time to listen to patient concerns and has followed up with calls to home checking on how things are going.  I will continue to recommend her. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	 Dr. Kadambi is an excellent doctor who takes the time to listen carefully to her patients. She has been my doctor and my daughters doctor for serveral years now and I would highly recommend her.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	1	 I have been a patient of Dr Kadambi's for many years and she has always been great. I have a chronic condition and she is very helpful and knowledgeable. She is friendly and caring.  I highly recommend her! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	1	 Dr. Kadambi listens to patients well and takes their concerns seriously.  I've been through many doctors that spent virtually no time with me and Dr. Kadambi has never made me feel rushed.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	-1	 Dr. Kadambi is not at all a doctor to me.  She came in the room with a major attitude and really did not want to answer any questions. I had to ask to ask about the results of my physical, I had to ask!  She got upset at for asking questions, and I was ready to give her a piece of my mind.  Totally apathetic towards patients. Even a staff member recommended the other internist, instead of her.  Run away from this doctor... RUN FAST! 	5	3	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	-1	 I came in well for my annual check-up on 12/11/07. Dr. Kadambi was herself ill, coughing, and did not wear a protective mask. By 12/13 I was ill. Up until 1/7/08 I remained undiagnosed and  without the correct medicine. Dr. Kadambi said she did not know what was wrong with me.  By the 4th week I asked for and received cough medicine, an anti-biotic after that.  Dr. Kadambi initiated no consultation with her colleagues that she reported to me, and continued to say that she did not know what was wrong with me. She did not call to see if I was improving. I was unable to work, walk, or get out of bed without aid. When I called her Emergency Service on 1/4, and did not get her response within 36 hours, my friend called again on my behalf. Dr. Kadambi argued that I had never called. On Monday, 12/7, her office called acknowledging my message from Friday. 1/7 I went to another internist where I was immediately given a lung function test, diagnosed with bronchitis, and placed on proper meds.  	4	4	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	1	commentsMy son had to have 2 eye surgeries (one when he was 5 months &amp; one when he was 8 months)and will be having another one when he turns 3. I probably don't need to tell any parents how overwhelming it is for your baby to have surgery. I can tell you that Dr. Kahana was a great choice and I am so glad that he is my son's surgeon. He answered all of our questions, spent quite a bit of time with us at each appointment and made us feel comfortable. It was also very nice to get a phone call from Dr. Kahana himself to check up on my son's progress after the surgeries. It is enjoyable to see Dr. Kahana interact with my son at every appointment. He is very genuine and caring and GREAT with children. The entire staff was so helpful. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	 I was refered to Dr. Kahana because I had blurred vision and was diagnosed with a Cavernous Hemangioma behind my right eye. They informed me that they would have to go through the top of the skull to get to the eye socket because of the size and location of the tumor. Dr. Kahana was really amazing every step of the way. - He kept me very well informed - If I had any questions I was able to get a hold of him quickly - He is very professional and sympathetic at the same time, his bedside manner was beyond compare. - I had the surgery and so far 1 week after I am healing great and he has been able to keep my eye sight, so far it looks like my eye sight is better then it was before the surgery.I would just like to say that Dr. Kahana really is an amazing doctor who cares about how you feel and takes your questions/worries seriously. My wife and family were very comfortable with him as well which was important for me.I would recommend Dr. Kahana to anyone who needs a great surgeon.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
29	1	commentsDr. Kabell was knowledgeable and provided excellent care.  I would highly recommend him. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
29	0	.  not satisfied 	3	5	2	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	-1	 Was my doctor for several years.  Before I had Medicare (I'm diasabled) he was happier.  Got Medicare and he said he'd keep me anyway because I was already a patient.  Doesn't have a clue when it comes to prescribing medications, especially if for multiple problems which take some thought.  I had to research several meds and tell him what they were and usual recommended dosages.  At least every other appt. he would make thinly veiled comments about finding another doctor who would &quot;perhaps&quot; be more helpful to me.  Then he finally decided he was done with me and I got a letter letting me know I had a month to find someone else.  Not so easy.  On top of that he left me in the lurch while I am on medications that you shouldn't stop taking abruptly and I just ran out and am having more health problems due to sudden cutoff of medications!  He is always trying to send you elsewhere instead of thinking about your problem for himself.   He HATES answering patient questions (confirmed by staff) 	3	4	1	1	Insurance:Medicare
35	1	 A very good doctor.  He does take his time and goes over every detail of your lab reports.  If he feels there is a problem he will direct you to anotehr doctor.  Will always go to him.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	1	 I find him very good. He answers my questions, if he does not know, he will find out the correct answer. When he feels there is a need, he does not hesitate to refer me to someone who can help. He is very personable. Prompt. He allows time to discuss my conditions.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
41	1	 Very kind and knowledgeable doctor. &quot;Dr. Sam&quot; is very easy to talk to, listens, and doesn't rush through your office visit. I originally went to him for botox, but then also saw him for weight loss management, and then I switched over to him for my regular check ups, etc. Easy to get a same-day appointment. His staff is very kind and they seem like they actually like their jobs. I've had bad experiences elsewhere with crabby nurses, rushed doctors that don't listen, etc. Dr.  Sam and his staff are the best! 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	-1	 Well this was a terrible experience.  I believed the good rating, but man was I surprised.  I finally saw another physician today that I know well and he offered to make me a photo copy of the notes Dr. Kachadurian took.  I was stunned to discover that he had taken offensive and incorrect notes.  He made inaccurate claims about the nature of the visit.  He changed the reason I had stated for the visit, and was completely incorrect.  He even went so far as to claim that I was seeking medication; which I was not.  Avoid this trip and find a Doctor that respects their patients instead of smile in their face and then slander the patient in the medical notes.  Very disappointed, in the big picture he actually had a negative effect on my recovery.  I considered filing a formal complaint, and will have to if his falsehoods interfere with my medical care in the future.  	2	3	1	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$20
44	-1	comments 	2	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	commentsDr. Kachadurian is very knowledgeable. He referred me to other specialists as well to determine what was wrong with me. However, it would have been nice if he had sent me to specialists he knew and trusted rather than just telling me that I need to see a XYZ specialist, now go and find one. 	5	4	4	4	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	 Very helpful and friendly.  Cares about the patient.  Listens and answers questions.  Doesn't try to rush you out like most Dr's these days.  Very knowledgeable and up to date on latest treatments.  Would highly recommend.  Too bad there are not more Dr.s like him. Staff not so great, so don;t be scared off by them.  	2	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	1	.  very knowlagable,,,helpfull,,,,,only see him once a year,but always asks if I have any new problams or concerns 	3	3	4	5	Insurance:CIGNA
44	1	 Has been very helpful in getting me documentation needed for work. Very aggressive in treating my symptoms. Always returns calls withing a couple of hours.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	1	 He is very passionate, went over my MRI films with me, explained everything to me so that I understood it and my treatment options. He even called my primary care doctor while I was still at the office.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	-1	 No personality. Doesn't car a bit about patient. Misdiagnosed me.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	-1	comments 	5	2	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	 Dr. Kado is the best doctor I have yet to experience.  She takes her time, is very knowledgeable, very detailed, and so very kind and caring.  She is very quick with any follow ups and she takes VERY GOOD care of you.   I would definitely recommend her!!! 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
45	1	 Very caring and knowledgeable. Nice person. Very gentle.  		5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$55
45	1	 on time , knowegeable, pleasant,good bedside manners,tests where needed. avalable. knows drugs and its side effects etc.trust worthy. will refer when nessary.  top notch doctor 		5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
52	1	commentsDr. Larry Kage is very personable, really cares for others. Had a neuro surgeon say I had a very good Dr. since Dr.Kage did the same physical tests on my son as the neuro surgeon did later. The office girls are sweet, kind and very caring also!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	commentsDr Kage is a wonderful doctor!  He is caring, does research on your condition and is genuinely interested in you as an individual. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	 DOCTOR KAGE IS A VERY GOOD DOCTOR.  I HAVE BEEN 100% HAPPY WITH HIM AS A DOCTOR, BUT THE OFFICE GIRLS ARE VERY COLD AND RUDE!!! 	1	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	1	 Dr. Kadry was very straight forward and the office staff was really nice. I had a hysterectomy and he had many videos and pamphlets of his own patients that he had previously performed surgery on. I was out of the hospital the next day. I felt so much relief and very little discomfort.  	4	4	4	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$20
61	1	commentsstarted seeing him when pregnant with my first child. I had a wonderful experience throughout my pregnancy and delivery and all care since. Paid/Co-pay:$35	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	commentsI had an overall positive experience through many tests, surgerys, office move, etc. 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
67	-1	 This Dr. doesn't listen to you or hear or believe the complaints you give her. Makes false accusations.  VERY POOR 	2	5	1	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	1	 I was very pleased and fortunate my friends and family refered me to Dr Kabra for my root canal therapy retreat. I went to an endodontist for the initial rct, but it failed. My sister a patient at pearl dental mentioned that he is the guru of root canals. He saved my tooth and I couldn't be more thankful. Thank u pearl dental! Not to mention there professionalism, kindness, sincerity and honesty.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Delta Dental
68	-1	 The purpose of seing this dentist was to treat a cavity. After performing a root canal on me, over charging me, I found out that the root canal failed.The amount of stress, pain, infections, and illness that I had to go through I find it very sad that he should still be in practice. I recommend any other Dentist with more honesty and proffesion.  	3	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	1	 I was very pleased. The staff is extremely knowledgeable, kind and thorough. Dr. Kabra was sincere and totally honest about my teeth conditions. I had a very good experience and would highly recommend this dentist.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
68	1	commentsHe was pretty helpful in understanding what was wrong with my teeth but i wasn't really happy with his work Paid/Co-pay:$900	2	4	5	4	Insurance:Unknown
70	0	 I think the doctor is very good with you as a patient but his office staff aren't, on 2 separate occasions the front staff girl was rude and she charge $100 when my office visit was $20 I had to wait 1 week to get my money back and this event could have been avoided if she would have called my insurance and verified what I told her.  	1	5	3	3	Insurance:Workers Comp
70	1	 I went to Doctor Sam 2 years ago, and he was GREAT.  Today I came back, and he remembered me, even that I had a fracture two years ago.  He is VERY helpful at explaining things.  He makes you feel euphoric from the office visit.  He is truly a blessing to the medical community.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
70	1	 my husband and son seen him and he is very helpful on explaining things and will answer any questions.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
87	1	 From my experience Baypointe Dental has a very smart staff, and Dr. Tom has got to be the nicest Dentist I've ever had. To the person below who is complaining about their child being turned away, next time ask beforehand, there are different dentists for children, so ask/plan ahead. All in all, the best dental experience I've had, something I have always dreaded is now very comfortable to do thanks to a great group of prompt smart individuals.  AAAAA++++ All the Way! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Delta Dental
87	1	 Frantasic office.  Would never go anywhere else. The doctor is genuine.  The staff are very friendly. I love to read their newsletters they publish.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Delta Dental
87	0	commentsAwful experience!  While Dr. Kachorek seems like a nice guy, don't get the staff at this office on your bad side.  I had numerous problems:  X-rays for my son were supposed to be digital and they were not but yet they never told me that; I had to fight with them to get them to honor their coupon for an extremely low dollar amount, I was almost in tears by the end of the conversation; they would not perform a simple filling for my son who is 10 years old after they did the exam, I was never informed they do not do kids fillings, I had to go to a seperate dentist and pay for another exam to have the filling done, this ended up costing me a lot more money and we have no dental insurance, when I explained this to the office mgr/hygentist they could have cared less, basically it was not their problem if I had to spend more money, no empathy, understanding, basically just very rude.  I would never go back to this office, too bad the doctor is not aware of what went on. 	1	4	3	3	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	commentsDoctor and female staff very bright and educated. Especialy Lori. Doctor Tom has his patients best interest at heart. Paid/Co-pay:$2000		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	 Great Doctor outstanding office the staff is so helpful the place is like a spa very enjoyable.  		5	5	5	Insurance:Unicare
90	1	 staff is very kind,the two doctors who work at the facility are both knowlegeable and efficient.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
91	1	 This is my second time having Dr. Peter as my OB doctor. I lost my child my first pregnancy(which he was NOT my doctor at that time) When I went with him with my second pregnancy(first time) he was very sympathetic for what I went through and let me know and showed me that he would do anything to make this one work and be there for me whenever I needed him, which he was. He is an outstanding doctor that cares for his patients, which is hard to find at times with doctors. He always calls me back and listens to me and not seeming hes on a schedule. My pregnancy now(second time) hes the same way... I am really happy and grateful for having him as my doctor for my baby! He may be a busy doctor but he makes it seem like hes not when you are in the room with him. I would HIGHLY recommend him to anyone.  He's awesome!  I always feel welcomed by his staff as well.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Molina
91	1	 Dr. Pete is a very nice guy face to face very helpful.  Beware though he tells broken promises and lady's if you want a Dr. That will be there on your big day look elsewhere!!!!  He is a patient **** excuse my words, but he's in different offices throughout the week.  If your baby decides to come on a day that hes at a different office then he will simpley ignore your calls and have his nurse become a gate keeper.  If he was a good Dr. He wouldn't make promises he can't keep and would man up and take my call to appogize for not being there.  But he wouldn't take one minute out of his day to tell me over the phone but have his nurse fight his battles.  If you want a great Dr. For all the little appointments he will be there but if you want a Dr to be there on your big day look elsewhere.  Even the nurses at the hospital said that they have a lot of his patients heartbroken because he can't follow up with his promises!!!!! 	3	1	4	4	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
91	1	 Very nice, makes me feel very comfortable and at home. Takes my complaints seriously and does not make me feel stupid by any means.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
