dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
5	1	 greatest doctor of all time! i would recommend dr. paese to any, all of my friends and family he is a very caring dr takes his time with you never rushes you and listens to everything you have to say and really listens.... all I can say is he is a GREAT DR.....  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Workers CompPaid/Co-pay:N/A
5	1	commentsgreatest doctor of all time! i would recommend dr. paese to any/all of my friends and family 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	 Personal and attentive.  Answered all my questions... not to mention cute, too! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
12	-1	commentsHe is known all over Metro-Detroit as Dr. Pill! He prescribes all the Oxy's, Vickie's, Zanax. Lortab, Morphine you want so you get addicted &amp; have to continue seeing him so HE CAN LIVE IN HIS BIG HOME IN SHELBY TWSP! My Daughter 25 overdaosed under his care, even though I called him 17 time to let him know she was addicted! He continued to Prescribe all the NARCOTICS SHE WANTED, SHE DIED in early 2010 I will miss her terribly this Holiday Season! Thank's Dr. Pabarue! 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
12	-1	commentsWas nice the first time but then very rude and treated me like a junky when I was in constant pain. Prescribed me ib profin after I told him my stomach couldn't handle it. Put me on a pain medication and it worked fairly well then he decided he was going to take me off of it for no reason. Staff is horribly rude and they charge so much money and different amounts for the same service. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	 Dr Pabarue saved my life!!! He spent the time to figure out my symptoms and ordered the appropriate test to find the cancer I had. If it were not for him, I might not be here today. My family now comes to him and all are happy with him. My kids love him!!! The staff is just ok but if you look beyond that, it was a good experience. I will not see another doctor.  	3	4	5	5	Insurance:MedicarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
12	-1	 This doctor and his staff were horrible.  I was given a test I didn't need before I even saw the doctor and charged for it.  The doctor hardly listened to my syptoms before perscribing an expensive sleep study which my insurance did not cover.  I went for a second opinion elsewhere and found that the throat swelling I had gone to him about was simply acid reflux and the tests he perscribed were completly unnesasary.  Over the next couple months as I tried to pay off the huge bills his office kept sending me his office was repeatly rude to me as I tried work out a payment plan.  The billing office was particularly nasty which was ridiculous since I was making large and frequent payments on their enormous bill.  	1	3	1	1	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
12	1	 HE WAS KIND AND KNOWLEDGEABLE. HE SPENT TIME WITH ME TO GET TO KNOW ME AND MY MEDICAL NEEDS.  HIS EXAM WAS COMPLETE.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$20
15	1	comments 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	comments 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	 Personable. Really interested in patient's whole life, not just a medical problem.  		4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$1050
16	1	 Dr. Padla is personable and really cares about his patients. He also works with people on weight management, not just pyschiatry.  		3	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$10
18	1	commentsDr. Page is very kind and takes her time with her patients. Great Staff too!!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	 Dr. Page is warm and friendly and I find her practice to be comfortable for patients of size (large gowns, arms without chairs in the waiting room, etc).  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
18	1	commentsDr. Page is a personalble OB GYN who is concerned about other aspects of your health besides her specialty. 		4	4	4	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	commentsAfter YEARS of going to family doctors, being seen on time, and having punctual staff, it ended with me being told it was all in my head and it was depression. You know what it was&#63; Celiac Disease - and a host of food allergies and other allergies too. Who CARES that the wait time is large. This is a doctor who takes time, gets to know you, and is willing to figure things out, not just walk away when a simple prescription isn't going to cut it. 	3	1	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	 Wendy (and Will) are, literally, the best of the best.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$350
19	1	 Dr. Wendy spends ALOT of time talking and listening to what you have to say...which I like.  Its hard to ever get back in touch with her once you leave...even if you have question about meds or whatever..you have to make another appt...which is a pain and costs $$.  	2	3	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
19	1	commentsGreat Doctor, but you can never get in to see her. Takes WEEKS to schedule an appointment with her and not the NP. Office staff isnt the best at scheduling referrals either. Twice now in the same year they &quot;forgot&quot; to schedule and contact us. Its frustrating because she is such a great doctor, but its not worth the wait and hassle. Due to this, Im currently looking for a new doc as well. If she were able to accommodate seeing her patients herself more often, Id love to stay. 	2	1	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	commentsShe is such a nice dr., but it's rediculous how long it takes to see her. I've been in there countless times as the second or third appt, and she will be running an hour or more behind. I'm not sure how that is possible, but she seems to manage that. Her nurse practitioner is nice, but anytime you go in for sinus infections, she doesn't like to prescribe medications, only vitamin C, etc. I dread going in because it is such a long drawn out affair, that I'm currently looking for a new family dr. 		1	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	commentsGreat doctor, very compasionate, but hard to get into. Seems we always see the nurse practioner when someone in the family is sick. Wait times in the office are usually long, but that's because she takes the time to listen to her patients. 		3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	 Dr Will is fabulous. I would wait 5 hours to see him if I had to. He LISTENS and he HELPS! Very hard to find in a dr.  Just WONDERFUL! 	4	3	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-CalPaid/Co-pay:N/A
25	1	 I've been seeing Dr. Will since 2005 and absolutely love going there.  The staff, for the most part, are helpful and Dr. Will actually LISTENS to his patients.  He is very knowledgeable and helpful.  He looks at the whole situation (stress, diet, environmental issues, etc) and makes suggestions accordingly to behavior/food/supplement changes.  He is very thorough in testing i.e. blood work.  If something is wrong that he doesn't feel qualified to check, he makes excellent referrals.  Me and both my kids (adults) see him as a Primary and are incredibly happy.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:MedicarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
32	-1	commentsHe was very bossy and rough. Called me fat and told me tobatpp gaining weight when was five months pregnant weight 115. They messed up my labs I had to do them all over again. The staff is talking and laughing at patients. Terrible experience. 	1	5	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
32	-1	 He was very rude, uninformative, not compassionate, called me fat anytime I gained weight and made me uncomfortable.  	1	5	1	1	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-CalPaid/Co-pay:N/A
37	1	commentsVery respected in area.  Manages many low income patients. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
37	-1	 Rude, Condescending, acts God-like, no bed-side manner, states his recommendations as if they are orders to you.  Does not objectively look at the data. Has mind set and will not alter even if results show otherwise. Makes decisions about the quality of one's life and whether it's worth saving. If he decides you should die, he'll make it so.  His staff reports different clinical data than he reports to you.  Misuses data to serve his own agenda.  If you are over 80, go to a different doctor.  Argues with you in meetings.  Doesn't like to be challeged. Walks around with his two little resident puppies like he owns them and the place... just a real creepy gangster-like animal!  AVOID this doctor!!! 	3	1	1	1	Insurance:MedicarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
42	-1	commentsStaff is very busy always. Waiting room time ranges into 1 hour. Doctor doesn't like to spend more time on an individual and also is not willing to write prescriptions. Doctor would rather have the staff do the extra work like referring etc. Sees the next patient before giving you a prescription or a proper referral. Has a special waiting room for patients he has seen! There they wait for the prescription etc. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
45	-1	 This idiot is my workplace's &quot;company doctor&quot; which is the only reason I saw him. Let me just say it was a total watse of time and he even aggravated my injury...he's a hack, uncaring about his patients and unknowledgeable in general.  If you have any say in the matter choose anyone else...this guy's reputation preceeds him.. ask anyone that has had the misfortune of being treated by this quack and they will tell you all this and more 	4	4	1	1	Insurance:Workers CompPaid/Co-pay:N/A
45	0	commentsvery brief 5 minutes for a general checkup. gave me advice on being overweight when he's fat himself. 2nd visit mistook me for another patient that had &quot;a rash in that area&quot;. When you only have 2 patients in the office at one time, how hard is it to grab the right chart&#63; 	2	2	2	3	Insurance:Unknown
50	-1	commentsBonnie Bartz is the most enjoyable person in the hospital, besides that good luck the nurse staff is wonderful the doctors however are useless 	3	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	 Dr. Paga and his staff are very friendly and passionate about the care you receive. My husband doesn't like going to the Dentist very much and is very comfortable in his care.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
55	1	 With 5 grown kids of his own, Dr. Page is awesome.  He referred my son out at 3 years old for testing that others probably would not have.  And we are so grateful that he did.  My son is now a very high functioning kid.  A good example of early intervention working well!  He is personable and wonderful with my son.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
60	1	 Out family has been seeing Dr Pacifico for about 3 years.  To us, she has seemed very distant from our medical needs, often not pursuing details, nor asking critical questions, and at times even defensive.  We have often had to take the initiative ourselves to insist on more comprehensive attention, always being correct in our concerns (which might have been missed otherwise). For the entire time of our relationship I have had about 13 prescriptions given or renewed.  EVERY SINGLE ONE has had a problem of some kind.  Not sent to Pharmacy, sent to wrong Pharmacy, wrong number of pills, double transmitted, etc.  No medications were incorrect but the poor quality control gives me grave concern about management of the staff, and the potential to make perhaps medical critical mistakes. After a lifetime of having a number of extremely competent doctors, we have been disappointed and are looking for new physicians.  	1	4	3	4	Insurance:AARPPaid/Co-pay:N/A
60	1	commentscaring 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
67	-1	 The insurance paid over $200.00 for nothing.  Found him to be detached and uninterested.  	2	2	2	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
69	1	comments 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
75	1	 After I had a near fatal snowmobile accident and put my femoral head thru my pelvic wall. No hospital wanted to take me via medivac let alone a surgeon willing to try to make it possible for me to walk ever again. Dr. Pack was very honest pre op about the 3 options he could encounter in surgery, 2 surgeries and 26 hours of surgery later I have like 30ish screws and 8 plates in my hip. After much PT and many months later I could walk and even run short distances (limited by a blood clot in my femoral artery). 8 years later I only have scars and some SI joint pain as lasting effects ( SI joint pain has started over the few years not right away) so to those of you who have bad things to say about him are way out of line. You don't like his bedside manner&#63;&#63;&#63; He's a Dr. Not a comedian. (Although I found him pleasant) your son's finger hurts&#63;&#63;&#63; Tell him to man up, why are you going to such a skilled Dr. for a broken finger&#63;&#63; He's a great surgeon that's what he does.  I'd send anyone to him 	5	3	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
75	1	 Dr. Pack is a very skilled surgeon.  He performed my arthro  -knee surgery, and when it ran into complications he was able to correct the problems that arose. I highly recommend him.   We miss him in Fenton! 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
75	-1	 My son broke a bone in his hand. The bone that goes from your ring finger to the wrist in Junior High School. Dr Pack set the bone (he said), then put a cast on it. After cast got hard, he took another exray. I could see the bones were not lined up at all and the bone were it was suppose to meet was offset. I mentioned it and he said it will be fine at his age. Well my son is 22 years old and his ring finger knuckle is still indented and has pain and a calcium deposit at the break.  	2	2	2	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
75	1	 Dr.Pack is one of the best doctor's around he is very good and has a great sence of humor. I found him quite charming in the O.R I had to have a knee replacement and they couldn't put me to sleep and he talked to me the whole time explaing what he was doing.His office is over booked because he is such a good doctor and he takes his time with each patient checking each one out very throughly..Great doctor and excellent surgeon .  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:MedicarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
75	0	 Dr. Pack has one of the worst bedside manners I have ever experienced with a physician!  His attitude is horrible and if you want a doctor who will listen to you and take what you have to say seriously, STAY FAR AWAY from Dr. Pack.  He may know what he is doing, orthopedically, but he has absolutely NO people skills.   The wait time in his office is horrendous, my first visit I was not seen until over an hour after my appointment time! 	3	1	1	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
75	1	 This doctor is exceptional. He is VERY detailed and caring.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
82	1	.  Great Doctor 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
84	-1	.   	1	1	1	1	Insurance:MedicarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
