dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
2	1	commentsAmazing man! He made my pregnancy and delivery as amazing as they could have been!! So sweet and caring. Will be delivering all my children!!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	 Best OB/GYN ever.  Been seeing Dr. Uckele since 1998.  He helped me through 2 miscarriages, fratility counciling and recommended fratility dr., 2 live births and pre-cancerous cells.   i drove 75 miles round trip to see him with my last pregnancy (I was high risk and had a lot of visits)that's how good he is!! 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	1	 Dr. Uckele is amazing.  He not only delivered my twins with skill and grace, but he has always been such a wonderful, compassionate physician and has helped me in countless ways. He is always reassuring, patient, kind, and gives real, pragmatic advice.  He also always takes a ton of time with me - never rushes me out; answers all my questions carefully and thoughtfully, and has mastered the art of patient distraction to help ease nerves (he's superb with the small talk).  Also, he has an amazing tissue box reflex where he never takes his eyes off you but offers you a tissue if you are tearing up or crying at all.   What a great guy! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
2	1	 Dr. Uckele is very nice. Unfortunately I was looking to have a vaginal birth after cesarean, and their office was not accommodating to that need. He is a very compassionate man though, and would recommended him to anyone needing a surgeon to give birth.  		5	4	4	Insurance:Aetna
2	-1	commentsMissed a large ovarian mass on physical exam. Ordered a pelvic ultrasound prior to doing a uterine ablation for abnormal bleeding but told the patient it was not needed because the surgery needed to be done quickly due to severe anemia. Should have at least ordered a CA125 and could have had a quick scan done of the ovaries even if it was done on the day of the ablation. Patient ended up 3months post-op with severe abdominal pain and was found to have a huge ovarian mass and abnormally large uterus. Patient ultimately required complicated hysterectomy and oophrectomy with removal of part to the fatty bowel. 		5	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	commentsGreat doctor, very calm, good for nervous first time pregnant moms! 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	commentsGreat doctor all around - has Beaumont privaleges which is a huge plus. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	 Dr. Uckele is very professional. He took me as a new patient Nov 2005. He even sent me copies of my medical records and reports. I think Dr. Uckele Is a winner in my book. He has compassion and truly has a gift to help women in the gyno. field.  		5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	1	 Dr. Uckele is a great doctor, very understanding and helpful.  I strongly recommend him! 		5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	1	commentsDr Udehn was very prompt in getting me scheduled for surgery and showed me my MRI explaining what it showed and what needed to be done. He took great care in explaining all aspects of the surgery and recovery process. I was back to work in less then 2 weeks after surgery and without neck pain for the first time in 4 years! 	5	5	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
8	-1	comments 	5	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	commentsI am very happy with Dr.Updegraff. He goes above and beyond all the time. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
13	-1	commentsTerrible service this doctors office should be closed down he is not knowledgeable and you will do better just going to a hospital. Paid/Co-pay:$35	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	.  he is ok 	5	4	4	4	Insurance:Molina
18	0	 Spends more time with his nose in his laptop instead of listening to this patient. Eye to eye contact would be helpful. Punctuality leaves alot to be desired.  Looking for a new doctor.  	3	2	2	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	-1	commentsUlmer requires patient to make appointments for unnecessary matters probably for the $. Cancelled one physical appointment w/ a day notice made 1 month prior, then forgot the next one. Thinks patient knows nothing. 		1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	commentsDr. Upston was there when I called in and needed to be seen on the same day when others couldn't get me in. I have seen other chiropractors in the Kalamazoo area but Dr. Upston is the best and seems the most interested in me that is out there. I strongly recommand him to any and everyone there is. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
27	-1	 very bad bedside manner- he seen me in the hospital for a consult.Dr Unruh stood 10-12 feet away from me. never examined me. He talked to me about insurance..  not impressed 	3	3	1	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	1	 Dr. Urba has the most soothing bedside manner I have ever encountered! She has a difficult area of specialty, which when most people see her are distraught and hopeless. She is a straight-shooter. She will not give false hope, but will do everything she can to heal her patient. If it is too late for healing then she will help get the patient ready for hospice.  She is never too busy to answer a question, and no questions is dumb or silly! RESPECT AND COMPASSION 2 very strong words to describe a very strong and intelligent doctor 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
29	1	commentsDr. Carrol and Dr. Ron are the best chiropractors ever!  They are so helpful and I feel like a million bucks.  They have coffee and donuts for the patients.  They make you feel like family.  The staff is great!  Especially Doreen, she knows everything. If you don't go here you are missing out.   I thought I was never going to walk again and after 5 treatments I felt like a new person.  I was able to go back to my old life.  I thank god everyday I found them. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	 Been seeing these Doc's for years now, would go no place else.  Wonderful! 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	1	commentsDr. Carroll Urban and his brother, Dr. Ronald Urban are the epitonmy of true chiropractors. They are not money hungry, nor are they rude and insulting. They listen to your every need and suggestion and this is why they are so successful in treating their patients. They are probably the most knowledgable of all chiropractors and have the greatest of adjusting techniques. Their experience spans over 30+ years. There is no one who can adjust necks like these guys and they know their proper lines of drive and just enough force to put vertebrae back into place. If you do not try these guys, you're missing out on the best chiropractic can provide. they treat people like people and take an active intrest in knowing their patients. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
48	-1	 Umlauf talked down to me as if I were 5 years old. As a grown up with a masters degree and a decent job I will not be talked to like that, so I switched to another practice. Before she even examined my daughter she told me she knew what was wrong with her, and then told me I shouldn't have brought her in since it was viral. What kind of Dr does that&#63; I was a 2 months behind on vax and she made me feel as if I were the most negligent patient she has ever seen. The staff in the front are ok, but preferential to hispanic patients in the manner they talk to them and often push them ahead. Perhaps Umlauf is not used to dealing with people with education.  	1	2	1	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	-1	 Treats you like an idiot.  Dismissive of parental concerns of possible side effects of immunizations (pushy about grouping too many at once)   Wilson and Gaind are wonderfully understanding of concerns and offer sooting sensible advice on all counts AND have a far better bedside manner.  They should open thier own practice and dump Umlauf.  	1	3	1	1	Insurance:Henry Ford / HAP
48	0	comments 	4	4	2	4	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	 Dr. Unlauf, Dr. Gands, & Dr. Wilson are all wonderful, HOWVER, one of the girls at the front desk is very rude.  She can be overheard talking about patient's parents inappropriately.  She's very sarcastic and rude.  Sadly, the front desk is the first impression of the physician.  	1	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	1	 Overall she is a good doctor and she always gets us in and out of there pretty quickly.  	3	5	3	4	Insurance:Molina
48	1	 Wonderful doctors and staff, I am going to miss them now that I am out of state. I really hope I am able to replace these wonderful doctors.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	0	commentsI found Dr. umlauf's attitude to ber very condesending and sarcastic. She talks down to you. Very disappointed! 	4	4	2	4	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	 Dr. Umlauf and Dr. Wilson are wonderful. They are very attentive, remembers your children and are very helpful. They find time to see you even when you don't have an appt.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$10
48	1	 WONDERFUL OFFICE, WITH THREE AMAZING DOCTORS!!! They return calls, do not have to explain why you need an appointment, same day appointments, you can ask to have a dr.  call you back, doctors and nurses are all great! 		3	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	1	 Dr. Umlauf, her partners, and staff are very friendly/helpful. You're usually able to get a same-day appt. If not, they refer you to an after hours clinic which is awesome.  They get you in and out very fast!! 		3	5	5	Insurance:Henry Ford / HAP
48	-1	commentsThis doctor told me that crying is the only way that my 4 m/o would fall asleep. When I asked for other options, since I already tried that, she told me there were none. I left and found a better doc after that. 		3	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
53	-1	 Terrible doctor. he claimed I had high blood pressure during pregnancy, altho it was only high in his office and nowhere else. he scheduled my induction for 39 weeks when i was around 32 weeks. the day of my induction he tells me my labor isnt progressing fast enough and he had a flight to chicago so he wanted to STOP my labor and send me home until he got back from  his trip! I refused to allow that, and he went to chicago anyways and a different doctor delivered me. If my blood pressure was such a &quot;problem&quot; he wouldnt have wanted to stop my labor! His bedside manner his horrible. He acts like you are stupid if you have different opinions than him on topics like circumcision,  inductions, etc. he is not natural friendly and very csection happy.  	3	2	1	1	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
53	1	 I have had this doctors for about 5 years. When I had fibroids(bleeding)I went to a local hospital who let me bleed for about 8-12 hours. When I  went to his office he immediately gave me a D/C that help stop the bleeding. He has handled my case very well. I have no problems whatsoever.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
53	-1	commentsi had a vaginal surgery with Dr.Udo and man did he mess it up when i went to a REAL gyno...he didn't use a laser like he was suppose to for this surgery and i now i have scar tissue everywhere. his bedside manner was crazy he told the nurses to give me zoloft because there was no way i could be in pain and that i was faking it my stiches fell out 2 days after (wasn't suppose to come for at least a week) and i had constant bleeding when i called up there they said it was normal and when i called the hospital they told me to get my butt back up there it was not normal after 6 weeks to still have bleeding and what do you know he botched my surgery! whatever you do ladies do not go there it has been a rough ride through this whole process! 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
53	-1	 when you have a appointment with this doctor you dont get in for at lease a hour to two hours later its crazy i thought thats why people make appointments. not to wait an extra hour 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Molina
53	1	 GREAT DR. GOOD STAFF...COULD USE SOME NEW TECHNOLIDGY BUT EVERYTHING ELSE IS GOOD...  	5	4	4	5	Insurance:BC Med
53	1	 Dr Udo was amazing...He's a very busy doctor BECAUSE he is so good!! If you want answers just ask! Dont expect him to tell you everything!! thats why they have books and internet..He DOES communicate...if you communicate as well...I def recommend him to everyone who's pregnant!!!!!! he delivered my daughter and neice and nephews.. And his nurses are AMAZING!! I LOVE PAULA!!!!!! 	5	3	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
53	-1	commentsAfter my sister had to have an emergency C-section she went and got her staples removed and then she ended up with 2 giant holes in her stomach and the one side of her stomach is still bigger than the other. He told her that the tape he put on her stomach would hold up for a week. We even asked him if she could shower and if she needed extra strips and he told us no. He is a terrible person who should not be able to be a doctor. 	1	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	 Dr. Udo has been my OBGYN for approx. 18 years.  He is a wonderful and experienced doctor.  He has a great staff as well.  I have not had one problem with him or his staff.  He delivered my twins, performed a tubal ligation and all was done perfectly.  	5	4	5	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
53	-1	commentsDo not recommend as a doctor. I switched mid pregnancy. Did procedures that should not be performed while pregnant! Does not communicate well :( 	3	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	 Great OBGYN. I have been a patient for 8 years. He is also my mother's, aunt's, cousin's and best friend's OBGYN. The only down-side is the time spent in the waiting room. Other than that... NO COMPLAINTS! 	5	3	5	5	Insurance:Henry Ford / HAP
53	1	 i've had him as a doctor and am happy he's delivering my baby... he delivered me and my brothers and he is a great doctor and person..  very caring! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
53	1	commentsI saw him after a miscarriage. He was very helpful and reasuring. 	3	5	4	4	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	 I have been his patient for years and always found Dr. Udo to be extremely knowledgeable and concerned for my well being. I have referred many friends and relatives who feel the same. In fact, at least one of their lives was saved by his diligence.  Outstanding! 		4	5	5	Insurance:Henry Ford / HAPPaid/Co-pay:$1000
53	-1	.  Terrible Doctor he performed a surgery on me after having my baby and sent me home without even telling me a different procedure was done i have to have a couple surgeries done now to fix what he screwed up 		1	1	1	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
53	-1	commentsseemed like a good doc but he gave me a full hestercomy and left a pices of ovary in there and it attached itself to bowels and i almost died 2 yrs later 		1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
53	0	commentsTerrible 		4	4	1	Insurance:Unknown
55	-1	 After 7 visits and over $800.00 in co pays my wart on my finger is just the same. Oh and 7 months of BS.  I'm going somewhere else 	3	3	1	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
55	0	commentsDr. Ulery seems competent but his bedside manner is very matter-of-fact.  No words are wasted and I don't think I heard him say more than a couple dozen words.  His administrative staff is not customer-friendly.  As a new patient, I filled out several forms.  On one of the forms, I signed saying that I had received a copy of the form.  When I asked for my copy, they quoted me $3 per page for copying my 'medical records'. 	2	3	3	3	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	 Excellent, caring, thorough, compassionate, and very knowledgeable.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
58	1	commentsGreat doc!  Hope he never retires!!  Compassionate and understanding of patients feelings.  He did my surgery and things went very well.  I highly recommend him. 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	 Dr. Uduman has a great bedside manner. The hospital and nurses were wonderful - checking me every 30 minutes.  Dr. Uduman was very knowledgable and spoke to me so that I could understand what was happening to me.  I appreciated that he was so down to earth yet at the same time so intelligent.  He and his nurse (Valerie that day) saved my life and for that, I thank them.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	1	commentsDr. Umfleet is an EXTREMELY smart man who unfortunately has difficulty relating to his patients. He often speaks too much textbook and has a problem &quot;dummying&quot; it down for his patients/parents. I often leave after my sons appts with long, unpronouncable words swimming in my head. I do believe he cares abt his patients and does his best to diagnosis and give them the best care possible. This view may change as my son is still undiagnosed and we are going on year 2 of being his patient. More tests have just been ordered. Dr. Umfleet was on staff when my son was inpatient at Devos so we did not choose him but was given him as a doctor. I've had worse through Devos so overall I am not completely unhappy. 	4	5	3	5	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	 I have taken my son to see Dr. Umfleet three times now. We have been very pleased with the care provided by Dr. Umfleet and his staff.  He is very knowledgeable, and current re: treatment options.  He and his staff have been very responsive to requests by phone for assistance/advice.  He is able to communicate well with both myself on an adult level, and also explain things so my son can understand at his own level.  I would have no problems recommending Dr. Umfleet as a neurologist.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
62	-1	commentsDr was very unproffessional He was not very knowledagable and told me that my child was just naughty and taht all the concerns that I had was not a concern. I have pages and pages of other docs concern and teachers concerns ontop of my concerns and Dr Umfleet said that my child was naughty and clumsy is teh only problem. This is very limited allowed space so I can not go into things to deep but my child has lots of health problems Sensory Chronic ears Speech delay Autisic and may more This Doc said that all the last reports he does not see in my child that he sees a child that is very naughty and very clumsy My Child thrives on approval he will not do somthing that he has been told in the past not to do His teachers LOVE him tehy say tehy wish all tehre kids were as well behaved They told me tehy woudl not go back to this joke of a doctor Also I have left who knows how many messages in the past trying to get a letter for insurance reasons and I still have not heard from them BEWARE 		3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
67	-1	 Sara was not helpful in treating me, poor judgment, poor assessment, poor treatment plan, poor supporting staff, unsupportive to alternative ideas and tests.  Cookie cutter approach that did not take into account my individual needs and requests.  Stay away.  	1	2	1	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
72	-1	commentsPerformed 2 knee surgeries on my left knee, both failed.  Enough said. 	2	3	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
73	-1	 unresponsive to phone calls when follow up care was needed. Poor work on bridgework, which has to be completely redone by another Dentist.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:United Healthcare
73	1	 Very friendly staff.  	5	5	5	4	Insurance:Delta Dental
77	-1	commentsI'll never recommend Dr Uhle or Sibson to anyone. All I hear with every concern and pain is that she doesn't know and hasn't any answers. Its really aweful to have your doctor tell you they don't have any answers and not even attempt to schedule any tests to find the answers. And with Dr Sibson, this guy fills out medical forms saying 35 week pregnant women with unexplained pains can lift 25 lbs&#63; They're too much hassle and stress. Like previous comments the only good thing about this office is the staff, who are caring. 	5	4	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
77	1	 Dr. Uhle was professional and thorough during our twin pregnancy.  She discussed all risk scenarios with us.  We felt informed and that we had the best care possible on our side.  We were very pleased with the successful delivery of our twin boys.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$50
77	1	 Dr. Uhle is a very good doctor, very down to earth and very compassionate.  I started to see her when I was pregnant with our first child.  Then she worked in Canton. I followed her to her Howell office and now her Hartland office.  She always takes her time to answer my questions.  I've never met an obgyn like her.  I would recommend her to everyone that I can.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
77	1	 Dr. Uhle is really good at what she does. I found her willing to take the time to address my concerns, punctual &amp; professional yet very friendly. I have recommended her to my friends as well.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
77	-1	commentsI was very disappointed. During check ups, I felt as if she was in a hurry (dispite no one in the waiting room) and I was not able to ask questions I might have had. When our child passed away at 18 weeks- she was cold, uncompassionate, and down right rude. She left the hopsital because labor was not progressing fast enough and missed the actual delivery. When she returned she made it clear she was annoyed having returned for nothing. The reception staff (Kristin) is the only redeeming factor for this practice. Never will I ever recommend anyone to Dr. Uhle or her partner Dr. Sibson! 	5	5	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
77	1	commentsVery compassionate.  Met me at the hospital on her own time when I was having post-delivery issues.  Five years later, I have never received a bill from her and she put me so at ease. 	3	5	5	4	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	 Dr. Ron is the best dentist I have had through out the years. He treats you like family and actually remembers what you tell him. The staff treats you like family as well. It's also the only dentist that I have been to where you get a toothbrush, toothpaste and a cookie. That makes me smile along with the comfy rooms.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Henry Ford / HAP
79	1	 Excellent doctor......love his bedside demeanor. I would strongly recommend.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
79	1	 12 years ago Dr. Ulray scoped my left knee and I am returning to him to do the same to right knee. Medial maniscas fix. Dr. Ulrey is a true professional. He is conscientious as well as caring. I find him willing to listen and mutually solve my medical needs.  	3	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
79	1	 To th eperson who said bad things about Dr. Ulrey you must have a problem the man is wonderful 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
79	1	 Had outstanding results seeing this doctor. Fully answered all of my questions honestly and candidly.  No wonder is is regarded as a TOP DOC in Metro Detroit!!! 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
79	-1	commentsWent to Ulrey for a knee problem.  After ex-rays and a MRI, Ulrey said he did not want me for a patient because he claimed I asked too many questions and expected too much from the surgery. I wouldn't think wanting to be free from pain and to be able to walk properly without a limp and pain is asking to much.  Received a registered letter in the mail declining me as a patient.  Never asked about pain or if I had anything for pain. 	3	4	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	commentsCaring, professional, skilled, understanding.  What more can I say. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	commentsDr.Ulrey is an excellent sugeon as well as a compassionate man. I am thankful he did my knee replacement. He has given my life back. Thank you soooo much! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	commentsVery well known and experienced. I had an ACL surgery 13 years ago and 3 months ago (one per knee). Dr. Ulrey did the first one and his associate Dr. Shimpke did the second one. Both very friendly and tons of experience! A+ Paid/Co-pay:$1100		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	commentsthey are great been going for years the whole family 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	commentshe is very helpful and knows what he is talking about.  the staff is great. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	commentsDr. Ron is awesome - I have spinal adjustments for many years and will continue. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	commentsDr. Ronald Urban and his brother, Dr. Carroll Urban are the epitonmy of true chiropractors. They are not money hungry, nor are they rude and insulting. They listen to your every need and suggestion and this is why they are so successful in treating their patients. They are probably the most knowledgable of all chiropractors and have the greatest of adjusting techniques. Their experience spans over 30+ years. There is no one who can adjust necks like these guys and they know their proper lines of drive and just enough force to put vertebrae back into place. If you do not try these guys, you're missing out on the best chiropractic can provide. they treat people like people and take an active intrest in knowing their patients. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	commentsVery knowledgable hematology/oncology transplant specialist-very good PA's working with him, nice backup with other MDs.Has great bedside manner and clinic calls back for every question. 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	.  Very caring, knowledgeable, and fast acting to correct my daughters ear problems! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
85	1	commentsPatient, kind, caring, extremely capable and knowledgable.  I even sent my dad here! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
85	0	 This Dr. Does not check you over good enough before scheduleing surgery.  	3	3	3	3	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
90	1	 Dr. U is a very good doctor.  He is thorough and takes time to talk to me about my health issues.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
90	1	commentsVery well informed. Good bedside manners. Treats patients with respect and requires staff to maintain patient confidentiality. Paid/Co-pay:$55	3	4	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	commentsDr. Ullah was the best doctor that I have ever seen. He was very concerned about my comfort and was extremely kind. He gave me his pager number and whenever I needed him, day or night, I could call it and he would call me right back. I loved him so much that I was actually a little bit sad when I got better and stopped seeing him. If ever you are in need of a gastroenterologist in Jackson or surrounding areas, I strongly reccomend Dr. Ullah. 		3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	commentsGreat Doctor, very caring and follows up too! Very happy with my care! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
97	1	commentsDr.Uugen is one of the best doctors that my wife has seen. I would give him very high marks on his bed side manner and his ability to take time to explain to the patient and the family what he is doing and to answer any questions either might have.He's very highly recommended in my book. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
97	1	 Great bedside manner! Excellent surgeon!  Very helpful.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$25
