dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
4	1	 best doctor around town..i have had this doctor for 10 yeas and im always satisfied with his services.  Nurse are great too! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
4	1	 THis office is the greatest.  You never have to wait longer than 15 minutes 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	commentsDr. Gadbois and his entire staff are organized and professional.  The atmosphere is warm and caring. Dr Gadbois takes time to discuss, explain, and recommend solutions to health problems. His results have been great! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	 Genuinely concerned about his patients.  The staff is always friendly and prompt.  Greg is a great listener and offers &quot;real-life&quot; advice from a medical background. I always leave the office with a smile.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$10
8	1	 Very professional, knowledgable and helpful. Good listener. I would go back to him anytime.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Humana
8	1	comments 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	 Dr. Gaggino is the best pediatrician I have ever had for my kids. She shows great compassion, is smart, thorough and just love her bedside manner. My kids love her and never get scared going to her office. I am grateful to Dr. Gaggino.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	1	commentsDr. Gaggino has cared for my 3 children for their entire lives (my oldest child is 20).  Every encounter I have ever had with Dr. Gaggino she has been helpful, listens to my concerns carefully, honors my opinions, and been thorough in her assessment.  I have never had any reason for concern when entrusting my childrens care to her.  I am not certain what happened with the other womens encounter but that has NOT been my experience with Dr. Gaggino or any of her partners. 	5	3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
12	-1	 This doctor was my daughter's doctor when she was born. First of all, she ORDERED my daughter be given formula in the hospital, despite her excelent weight gain on breast milk, I refused to do that. This doctor OVERLOOKED a SEROUS heart defect, even after seeing her 3 times after we left the hospital. I took my 6 week old daughter in to her office for a stuffed up nose (I was a first time mom, with no family near, so I had NO idea how to deal with a baby that wouldn't nurse because of her nose). The nurse said to me &quot;You don't have to run your child in to the doctor everytime she has a stuffy nose you know...&quot; This is why I changed doctors. I am VERY glad that I did. In my fist visit to Trestlewood Peds, the doctor asked me if I had been told about my daughter's heart murmur. I said no, and he told me to get right over to the peds cardiologist, and they found a defect that would have KILLED her, had it been left untreated.  BEWARE OF THIS DOCTOR, SHE &quot;OVERLOOKS&quot; AN AWFUL LOT! 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	1	commentsDr. Gaggino is a great doctor who really cares about her patients, and is extremely knowledgeable. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	 My son saw her for about a year until she switched offices. We liked her allot. She was friendly and answered all our questions.  	3	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	 Answered all my questions. Patient, Polite, and Friendly. My son saw her for about 8 months until she switched offices.  	3	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	 doctor Gagin very professional Doctor,She has been my son's Doctor since he was 3days old.She has excellent knowledge in Pediatric medicine.I have been very happy and satisfied with the service given by Dr.Gagin.Thank You so much Dr.gagin for all the attention you give to the little patients.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Molina
14	0	commentsMissed my sons ear infection.  Brought him to an ear specialist who said his ear was &quot;inflamed and about ready to burst.&quot; 	4	5	4	1	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	 My husband and I LOVE Dr. Galal. He is our family doctor and in the 2 years we've been with him he has been nothing but helpful, attentive, and knowledgeable. He always returns our phone calls, HIMSELF--even after-hours--within a reasonable amount of time (I think the longest we waited was still less than an hour). He answers all of our questions (we ask a lot) and has been great with ordering tests and sending us to a specialist when necessary. He's great with our 2-year-old son and knows how to ease our fears, whether with more information or diagnostic testing, when something doesn't seem right. His staff, specifically Gaitha and Tangela, have always treated us kindly and been very friendly and helpful, even when we had to switch insurances twice in the same year! I would recommend Dr.  Galal to anyone! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
15	1	 Always helpful especially when u have a major health problem. Office staff very kind after you get to know them. Staff could be more timely with referrals.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	-1	.   	1	3	1	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	1	 Dr Galal has been our daughter's PCP for past 4 years. She is 22yrs old, with multiple disabilities, mental impairments.  He is very attentive, thoughtful, thorough and caring and his nurse Tangela is also very professional, personable. Dr. Galal is very accessible &amp; prompt with few on call/after hour calls, its easy to get appointments.  Gaitha at front desk has always been friendly and helpful too.  Only complaint:  Office entrance is not wheelchair or handicap accessible.  	3	4	5	4	Insurance:Tricare
15	1	 Dr. Galal has been my primary care Dr. for several years. He is very kind, knowledgeable and attentive. I am able to get appts right away and am promptly seen.  He will even return a call evenings or weekends! BUT... !!! You have to put up with a very rude, snobby staff who give short responses and behave as if you are a bother and putting them out!!! And it never changes, it's always the same. This is hard and I have considered several times finding a different doctor. I have even almost just walked out because of this.  I don't really know how aware he is of this and I am sure he has lost patients due to this, which is really ashame as he truly a good doctor and person.  Overall, I keep going because I like him, it is very easy to get in to see him (often even the same day) and he is knowledgeable and attentive.  	1	5	5	5	Insurance:HealthPartners
15	-1	commentsTerrible experience. Dr. Galal didn't feel comfortable with my ADHD diagnosis and made and felt that the medications I take for it, which are prescribed by a top ADHD specialist were a cause for concern. He insulted me and handed me a sheet of information regarding ECT treatment for something called psuedodemensia. Terrible bedside manner. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	 Dr Galal was assigned to my Mom in the Hospital following surgery (her Dr. does not have hospital privleges there).He was very attentive to her needs, spending lots of time with her, and answering all her concerns.  He was very cautious about releasing her from the hospital, worried she might be alone and could fall.  Overall, he was terrific, and I wish my mother would make him her doctor now.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	1	 Dr. Galal listens to me and respects when I have a health issues. He follows up well and takes time to answer all my questions.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	1	 very good doctor. listens to the patient, is respectful and no long waits.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
15	1	comments 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	 Dr.  Gale Butto is the best doctor Ive ever had the privilege to work with! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
19	1	commentsHad braces for 5 years and when he finished my teeth were worse that when he started.  Wasn't very helpful and seemed that I was wasting his time.  NOT satisfied at all.  I found another dentist to fix the problems he created. 	5	4	4	4	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	commentsHe has been our Dentist for years and always done an excellent job. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	 Made me feel at ease even though I am very afraid of the dentist. I recommended him to my friends and family.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Delta Dental
28	-1	 This woman is rude, quick to respond to a question she didn't fully hear and very fast to farm a patient out to some other doctor.  If poor rapport is fine with you, then you'll be pleased to knowt that scheduling appointments with her are easy...if you can get passed the ignorant staff answering phones.  	2	3	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	1	 Dr Testai is very caring and knowledgeable.  She keeps ups with current trends and happenings.  Both my husband and I have gone to her for several years and would recommend her to everyone.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
29	-1	 Dr. Gabriel is friendly and personable, but she always runs at least an hour late. Also, the office billed me for items that were supposed to be covered by my insurance. (When I complained, they were removed, but it happened more than once.) And, she prescribed a medicine for me that I reacted badly to. I reported my symptons, and she took me off it, and prescribed another medicine. She obviously was uninformed about the restrictions on the second medicine, because it had a warning that anyone who reacted poorly to the first medicine should never take the second one. I once again had a very bad reaction. After that, I changed doctors.  		1	3	1	Insurance:Aetna
30	-1	commentsSaw this doctor approximately 8 times.  First appt he was all smiles, spent time with me and seemed genuinely concerned.  As time went on, each appt after the first showed a totally different character. I felt like I was bothering him, never really asked how I was doing, you fill out a form before you see him.  Just wrote the same scripts over and over.  My last appt he basically said he was tired of people whining, that everyone was unhappy in their lives.  I think he needs to retire. 	2	5	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
36	-1	 This doctor and his secretary do nothing but order huge amounts of expensive tests and make you come back to their office for the results of each test.  See someone else.  Laurie is rude and not a medical doctor, although she makes you think that she and the doctor are in practice together.  	1	2	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$100
38	1	commentsOne of the best Doctors I have ever had the pleasure of seeing.  I actually enjoyed going to the Dentist after meeting Dr. Gadioli.  He is extremely knowledgeable and takes the time to answer any questions or concerns I had about my treatment.  He also had the courtesy to call me the following day to check on how I ws feeling after a long procedure.  I will be a patient of Dr. Gadioli for LIFE. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	 Dr. Peter Gadioli is a very knowledgeable and helpful dentist. He takes the time to answer all your questions and explains everything in ways that are easy to understand. You can tell he enjoys his profession by his enthusiasm. Dr. Gadioli is also very familiar with all of the latest technologies and procedures. I highly recommend Dr. Gadioli.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Delta Dental
42	1	comments 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	 I had my second baby with Mary at the Alternative Birth Center and was truly cared for. All aspects of my birth were exactly what every woman should experience -- respectful, empowering, honest, caring. Mary and the ABC unit staff made me, my baby, my husband and my entire family feel like we were a part of their family.  	4	2	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	1	 Mary and all the midwives in her practice are wonderful for women who want natural, supported pregnancies and births.  It was not until after having my second child at the Alternative birth center in Providence hospital, that I realized how awful my hospital birth was with my first.  It is just like having your baby in the comfort of home, but with the reassurance that medical care is there should it become necessary.   I wish all women would demand this kind of respect and sensitivity from their obs! 	1	2	5	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	1	 Dr. Gadzinski has treated my husband and I for over 20 years.  He is always on top of any situation we've had and is likeable, kind, compassionate, interested in one's overall health and for sure, stays on top of all medical changes.  The greatest doctor in Ludington or anywhere, for that fact.  Highly recommend even for consultation by other doctors.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	1	 Dr Gadzinski is always right with his diagnosis and skill at prescribing the right medicine, care, and overall complete service to his patients.   Great doctor 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	1	 DR.GADZINSKI IS THE BEST FAMILY DR. I HAVE EVER SEEN. I WAS VISITING FROM OUT OF STATE WHEN I GOT BLOOD CLOTS IN MY LUNGS. I RECEIVED THE BEST CARE IN LUDDINGTON MEMORIAL HOSPITAL BOTH FROM THE STAFF THERE AND MOST OF ALL FROM THE DR. HE ALWAYS HAD LOTS OE TIME TO EXPLAIN WHAT WAS GOING ON AND TO ANSWER ALL MY QUESTIONS. LUDINGTON MI. IS VERY LUCKY TO HAVE A DR. LIKE DR D, GADZINSKI. I RATE DR.  GAADZINSKI A 10 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Wellpoint
48	1	commentsDoc Gadzinski is the best Dr. I have ever seen in my life. Honest caring and does not care what employers think. His focus is only on making sure that your problems are taken care of. God Bless Dr. Gadzinski. 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	 this doctor is the best family physician in Ludington.  He is always right in his decisions, he is compasionate, and reasonably priced.  He and his staff are awesome.  By comparison to other physicians, this medical doctor can relate to all and chooses to be on call for each one of his patients.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	-1	 I visited the hospital, and was vary sick. I was seen by Dr. Jodi Galdes. She was the most rude, un professional doctor that I have ever seen. I do plan on taking further action to see that the correct procedures are taken. Hospitals should have caring, and have a welcoming staff. She is a completely horrible doctor, and seems like a vary ugly person.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$150
61	1	commentsI HAVE BEEN GOING TO DOC GABLE FOR A COUPLE YEARS NOW...TO SAY HE IS AWESOME IS AN UNDERSTATEMENT! HE HAS MADE TOP CHIROPRACTIC CARE VERY AFFORDABLE! HIS FAMILY RATES ARE UNBELIEVABLY AFFORDABLE! AS OF THIS WRITING, I AM ABLE TO ENJOY HIS CARE FOR $20 A VISIT! MY INSURANCE DOES NOT COVER THIS TYPE OF CARE AND EVEN IF IT DID, MY CO-PAY WOULD BE HIGHER. I WAS USED TO HIGH PRESSURE CHIROPRACTORS WHO MADE ME FEEL LIKE I HAD TO CHOOSE BETWEEN &quot;MY HEALTH&quot; AND MY &quot;BUDGET&quot;. I HAVE A FAMILY TO SUPPORT AND TO HAVE SUCH A TOP-NOTCH DOCTOR UNDERSTAND THIS, IS SO REFRESHING. HE IS COMPASSIONATE, INSPIRING, AND VERY GOOD AT HIS CRAFT! I COULD NOT BE HAPPIER AND I HIGHLY RECOMMEND DR. GABLE TO ANYONE WHO IS LOOKING TO IMPROVE THEIR HEALTH! Paid/Co-pay:$20	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	commentsExcellent, he's been my chiropractor for many years 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
64	-1	 Let me give some words of advice to any prospective patient thinking about going here. Don't. The office is always packed and you have to wait a ridiculous amount of time to get seen. You literally see Dr. Gaffney for about 10 seconds. I'm not kidding. It's literally 10 seconds. He sends in the &quot;nurse&quot; to do procedures. Apparently he doesn't do them. Oh and one more thing. If you want to see project runway that badly, do yourself a favor and watch it on TV at home. It's not worth blowing the entire day over to go see live.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	1	commentsWait time is too excessive- will be looking for a new Dr! My time matters too! 	2	1	4	4	Insurance:Unknown
64	0	 I was charged $500 for a mole biopsy when I went to have a mole removed. The assistant did not explain she was doing a biopsy so I assumed I was having the more removed. With such expensive charges, I will not be back. The office is like an assembly line and you do spend more time with the assistant than the doctor.  	3	2	2	4	Insurance:CIGNA
64	0	commentsAssembly line office that is always packed. Felt rushed after a very long, long wait. Doctors helper(never identified herself) removed two moles that left large scars. Will not go back. 	3	1	2	3	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	commentsDr. Gaffney took the time to explain things to me and was very professional. His staff is outstandsing and the office is clean and nice looking. Although, I did get kept waiting quite a long time in the waiting room, the office is a very busy place. Once I got to a room, I was seen promptly but didn't feel rushed. 		3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
64	0	commentsUsually late 		3	3	3	Insurance:Unknown
71	1	commentsvery helpful, knowledgeable and professional.  would reccommend 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
71	1	commentsVery professional and easy to speak w/ regarding life's issues.  I couldn't have asked for a better therapist. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
77	-1	commentsBefore the GI endoscopy, I requested my results sent to me (I had the option). I didn’t get them by mail or over the phone.  The doctor wanted to see me in the office and that was only 2-3 weeks after my last office visit.  At my appointment he did not come to see me …  until I insisted. (He sent a resident, my problem was not big enough for his attention) Why than he didn’t mail me the results or call me like any other doctor would do. Of course, he wants to charge you, that is all he cares about.  All in all, he did not seem to care about patients concerns, he lacks compassion. No, no he is not a good doctor. 	1	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
82	-1	commentsWhile under the care of another doctor I went to Gago on 1 occasion for 2 blood test and an ultrasound.I spoke to the recept.3 times who never mentioned a monitoring fee for these test.After two unsuccessful techs tried to take my blood I had my ultrasound &amp; was sent to another exam room to wait for a nurse to take my blood.The recept.came in &amp; told me that she forgot to tell me about the monitoring fee of $350!I never would have made the appt if I knew about this fee.The test that they were running needed to be sent to my doc that day.It was after 10:00 &amp; I felt forced to pay this fee or my results might not make it to my doc on time.I have attempted to reach someone of authority &amp; no one will return my calls.I sent Dr. Gago a ltr asking for a personal reply &amp; nothing.90% of the time no one even answers the phone.I would expect this specialized medical practice to show a level of professionalism that is above and beyond that of a standard medical practice, but it clearly does not. Paid/Co-pay:$350	1	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	 My partner and I are glad we switched to Dr Gago from another clinic. It is true if you have an office appt with her it will take 2-3 hrs. However appts for ultrasounds, bloodwork, etc are timely and efficient. We were impressed with how much more thorough she was than our previous Dr. We are still in the IVF process so I don't know if we will be successful, but if not we both feel we have found the best hands to put our future family in.  	5	1	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
82	1	 We had a great experience with Dr. Gago and the staff.  They were all very compassionate and patient with our questions and concerns.  During the many visits needed through the IVF process, everyone was so wonderful and supportive.  We now have a beautiful baby girl and couldn't be happier.  We were happy to recommend Dr. Gago to a couple of our acquaintances.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
82	1	 Dr. Gago helped me get pregnant with all three of my children over the past 4 years. She is smart and caring and I knew I was in good hands. Her staff care about the patients - you can see it in their eyes when they deliver a positive or negative pregnancy result. She gave us many options and we ultimately choose IVF as we wanted it to happen right away. We got pregnant on the first cycle. I have referred 3 other friends to her who have also had positive experiences. I would only recommend Dr Gago for fertility care in MI.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
82	1	 We had the BEST experience with Gago Center, always a caring staff, and great care. We are pregnant with twins due in February, and couldn't be happier.  We have seen several specialists previously, and the commitment to patients can't compare.  We definitely recommend Dr. Gago and her office.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
82	0	commentsIf Dr. Gago would lower the number of patients she sees, she might actually be a great doctor. When I met with her, she was knowledgeable and I liked her. However, if you want to see her you have to schedule an appointment and you won’t be able to get in any time soon. Also, she continually pushes for more and more tests. She insists that she do these tests but then only has openings months away. Every time she wanted me to do a test I’d end up having to take off at least two months of cycles just because she didn’t have any open dates to do the procedures. I’m young, healthy and have minimal fertility issues but even so, I was only able to do two cycles in 7 months and I didn’t get pregnant. None of my cycles got canceled but I always had to wait months to have the tests she deemed necessary. A simple scope, sonohysterogram and/or D&C; should not take more than a month to schedule, but all of those things did. From what I could tell she only does procedures on two days a month. 	2	1	2	4	Insurance:Unknown
82	0	 I was encouraged about getting pregnant during my first visit with Dr Gago.  She seemed knowledgable and professional but my second visit was different.  The second visit was to decide what my fertility options would be and she wasn't interested in talking about anything except donor IVF or adoption.  My husband and I are over 40 so we were aware that some agressive treatments may be neccessary.  We did a little research on our own but she didn't offer even the most basic process for even one month to at least try to see if they would work. We waited 2 hours to be seen after driving an hour to her office.  Her staff and her Brighton office are nice but it's the doctor and my treatment that matter most.  After a rushed 15 minute appointment we were given a big pamphlet with adoption and donor IVF info, and any sympathy offered felt forced. I think she wants good candidates to get good, fast numbers for her practice. If you have hard issues with pregnancy I wouldn't recommend Dr. Gago.  	3	1	2	3	Insurance:AnthemPaid/Co-pay:$5
82	1	 Staff is so slow andasked the same questions over and over. I waited in a room with no music..no magazines for over 46 min before the Doc came in. I watched women that came in 30 min after me leave while I was still waiting.   Awful service and the nurses seem like they're in training!!! 	1	1	3	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
82	-1	commentsVery disorganized office.  Dr. Gago did not spend adequate time with me or take the time to show that she actually cared.  Numerous billing mistakes.  I agree with the other ratings that she is spread to thin and you will wait forever in her office. Customer service in the office is horrible.  I perceived that many of the nurses were inexperienced.  Left this office after two IUI's. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
82	0	commentsThis doctor is definitely spread too thin. Plan on spending half a day in the office for a five minute meeting with the doctor. The doctor is rushed &amp; doesn't listen well. Miscommunication is common with the staff and the operation is unprofessional overall. 	2	1	2	3	Insurance:Unknown
82	-1	 Disorganized and unprofessional.  If you have a noon appointment expect a long wait.  The last time I was in it was just over 2 hours and when Dr. Gago finally met with us she felt the wait was acceptable.  After 3 appointments I have yet to see the doctor in under an hour.  We ending up going to a different doctor and were happy we did.  Gago is too busy to do a good job, recommendations were quick and did not include much information.  If you see this &quot;dr&quot; make sure to get a second opinion as her office tries to put as many people through the process as they can each day.  I felt as if they were building a business based on numbers, not people, in order to sell it.  	2	1	2	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
82	1	commentsI rarely see the actual doctor.  She is very inaccessible. 	4	3	2	5	Insurance:Unknown
82	-1	commentsCared more about the money she could make off me than getting me pregnant.  If she has you doing daily ultrasounds and blood draws, find another doctor!!! Paid/Co-pay:$2000	5	4	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	commentsWonderful Dr! Very intelligent and understanding. 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	 Dr. Gaca has been my husbands primary care doctor for nearly 15 years now. He has come down with a serious illness in recent years that Dr. Gaca was one of a few doctors that helped define what was wrong. My hubsand has also had trouble w/medication complications from his condition and Dr. Gaca has needed to refer him out as needed. All referrals were high quality. We see Dr. Gaca quarterly and he is always timely with appointments, professional in his demeanor and knowledgable about our needs.  Dr. Gaca maintains a very busy practice, but he and the staff are always courtesous and friendly and they make time for you. They have some p.m. appts. which is good for working people. We have seen the PA Pam as well and she is great too. In today's very busy world and compliated medical conditions and insurance issues, know that Dr. Gaca and his practice will do right by you. We recommend them.  	5	4	4	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
87	-1	.   	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
87	0	.   	4	1	3	3	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
87	1	commentsI have had Dr. Gaca as my physician for over 10 years.  the entire staff is knowledgable, helpful and prompt.his nurse and he both are very helpful and respond to all my &quot;foolish' questions.  he has had need to refer me to specialist on two occassions; both excellent, helpful, knwowledgble and considerate MDs. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	 Dr Gaca is very good at what he does.  He breaks things down for you and asks questions to get to know you.  He is a people person and his staff is friendly and helpful.  Switched from a different doctor who did not take good notes and was not friendly.   I have seen a night and day difference with Dr Gaca and would recommend him to anyone and everyone! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:AetnaPaid/Co-pay:$25
87	1	commentsDr. Gaca and his staff are very friendly and knowledgeable.  They are usually able to fit you into their schedule for last minute appts.  I never feel rushed and I am confident with their abilities.  I have and will continue to recommend his office. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	commentsDr Gaca is awesome, he always has enough time to listen to my issues. I would recommend Dr. Gaca to any one. I have seen him for many years. His staff is wonderful. They are always pleasant and helpful. Would be very sad if he was to leave the area! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
87	-1	commentsDoes not take time and does not take  with you and does not accurt notes. to quick to get you out, 	2	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	commentsDr. Gaca may be ok, but his office staff leaves a lot to be desired.  Can't tell you the number of times I waited at the reception window for the woman behind the desk to finish a personal phone call (it was about her kid's soccer game) before helping the customer!  Had to argue with them about getting my medical records transferred when I went to another doctor for better service. 	2	4	4	4	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	commentsDr. Gaca is awesome.  Our family of seven have been seeing Dr. Gace for 15 years.  He is punctual, friendly, I always feel like he has plenty of time for us and never feel rushed.  He truely cares for us and is a fantastic Dr.  I would and have recommend Dr. Gaca to many, many people. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	commentsI am very happy with Dr. Gaca.  He is very helpful and willing to answer questions that I have.  He doesn't make you feel like you are interfering with his schedule. He helped me when I told him that I have having trouble paying for some of my medicines by telling me about several programs that made them much more affordable.  I am glad that he is my doctor. Paid/Co-pay:$45	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	 Dr Gaca is the best Dr. I've ever had. He actually listens to me & always asks if I have anything that I'd like to talk about. The person who described him as condescending must have had a bad day & doesn't sound like a patient but someone who either worked for or with him.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$30
87	-1	commentsDr. Gaca is a condescending **** who doesn't have a clue how to maintain relationships with other professionals who work in conjuction with his practice. Make sure to ask him how to take your prescription and he'll let you know with a bit of arrogance...&quot;put pill in mouth, close mouth...&quot; Very humorous!! Just because you have that little MD next to your name and because you make the big bucks doesn't give you the right to belittle those who make you who you are. I guess who can't learn manners and professionalism at those big schools no matter how much you pay to get your degree there. 	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	 Fantastic doctor that actually takes the time to talk with you on a personal level, and makes you feel at home. His PA Pam is just as well mannered and proficient as Dr Gaca. Been looking for a long time for this type of interaction with our family care provider, and am thankful to have found it so close to home.  AF 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$15
87	1	 We switched to Dr. Gaca about 4 years ago and it was  the best thing we ever did.  He is such a knowledgeable doctor and has a wonderful personality.  He takes the time to listen and then gives it to you in words you can understand.   My kids love him too:) 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
87	1	commentsDr. Gaca is a very knowledgeable family doctor who seems to geniunely care for his patients. We feel good about his care. 	4	3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
94	1	comments 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
