dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
2	1	commentsan excellent doctor that i would recommed. very humble, kind and knowledgable 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	 Dr. Tai is a very intelligent, friendly doctor who really is a partner in my health care.  	4	2	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	commentsA doctor that is not busy is like an empty eatery; if you want good medical care that you (the patient)are involved in then see Dr. Tai. If you want a dictatorial Doctor go someplace else...the food may not be that good but you get a lot of it, it comes quickly and it is cheap. 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	 I love Dr. Tai.  He is kind, respectful and extremely knowledgeable. I think of him as a real partner in my healthcare and I recommend him highly.  Yes, the office is definitely busy and the phone system and nurse are both difficult to deal with, but I put up with them because I like Dr. Tai so much.  	3	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	0	commentsA nice man but a very poorly run practice. Rushed appointments which you must wait lengthy periods to get.  In general a rather cursory level of medicine is practiced that overlooks previous medical care you may have received and also data entered on the practices own forms.  Getting adequate care here requires a level of assertiveness (and vigilance)many patients may  be uncomfortable with (or incapable of). Paid/Co-pay:$10	1	2	3	2	Insurance:Unknown
3	-1	 I brought in my prior medical file, he was unwilling to look at it. He insisted that he prescribe medicines that I had already explained caused intolerable side effects. When I wanted to probe the cause of my disease further, he basically shrugged his shoulders and prescribed me some hi-grade painkillers. Not a remedy. His time is always extremely limited. In the dozen times I've seen him, I talked to him for a total of less than an hour. I am switching doctors and recommend that someone wanting a personable and efficient doctor should seek elsewhere.  		2	1	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$499
3	0	commentsKnowledgable and helpful doctor–for the seven minutes he's with you. Don't try to talk to him without an appointment, even if it's for an explination of tests you may have had. Expect secretaries and nurses to be a defense against communicating with him. His time seems very precious to him–but so is yours! Find another doctor if you don't like Tai. 		4	2	4	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	 Dr. Tache is strictly a pediatric dentist. He and his staff are so awesome with children. My two oldest were scared of the dentist. They refused to even open their mouths with our family dentist and he recommended Tache. It was amazing. They got my kids to not only open their mouths, but allow them to fill cavities and put on some crowns. My kids are excited when they got Dr. George for their check ups now. He was very patient when I took in my two year old and she started to freak out. There was no impatience in his tone or on his face. The hygienists there are so friendly and informative. They are always willing to answer some questions. And his toy/prize selection is wonderful. This may not seem important, but to small children it is. I recommend him to every parent I meet.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	 Dr. Tageja is, hands down, the best doctor I have ever gone to. he really listens and  really cares.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	 Dr takami is a excellent interest in the gastro field.I'm a patient of hers for sever years now. from my experience 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
17	1	 Dr. Takami is wonderful. She takes the time to thoroughly listen to your concerns. I continued to go here and pay out of pocket (about $125 per visit) when my insurance changed and would no longer cover U of M physicians. Sadly, now, I've moved out of state and am having a hard time finding a GI doctor that I like and trust as much as I did Dr. Takami.  	5	3	5	5	Insurance:Henry Ford / HAP
32	-1	.  made a mistake with my brother my brother has bladder cancer & dr tabba  removed a tumer from my brothers bladder & poked a hole in the liner of his bladder causing urine to leak in the abdominal cavity almost killing my brother 	3	2	2	2	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
32	1	 Dr Tabbaa seems like a very caring doctor. He comes into the room with a big &quot;Hello&quot;. He seems to listen to your complaints. I was impressed with how quickly he addressed my problem. His staff is knowledgable & friendly. I was very nervous about seeing a new urologist, having VERY BAD experiences with some in the Flint area. He asked me about my past experiences and helped ease my fears. I am confident that this time my family doctor and I chose the right Urologist.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Henry Ford / HAP
32	1	 Dr Tabbaa is very pleasant, helpful and knowledgeable. He is always smiling and pleasant. He gives a wealth of information and then his suggestions so you can make an informed choice about your treatment. He is very clean, washing his hands before and after examing you.  Soft spoken, pleasant and kind 		5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	1	 The best dr. I have ever had. Very funny and makes you feel comfortable, also very compassionate when dealing with miscarriages etc.  Would highly reccomend him to anyone 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
36	1	 BEST DOCTOR EVER!! He has delivered two of my boys, both by succesfull C-section.  I have been going to him for nearly 8 years and would not change if you paid me. He is funny, laid back yet compassionate. I wish more Dr. 's were like him! 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	1	commentsI would recommend Dr. Taber to anyone. He is warm, compassionate, and very knowledgeable. He has an innate ability to provide information without coming off as condescending. He is wonderful. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	commentsHe is absolutely wonderful. He has been my OBGYN for about 8 years. I am done having children and miss him. It is pretty wonderful when you actually don't mind going to the GYN. He is knowledgeable regarding all medical issues and highly recommended by other MD's and nurses. One hospital nurse told me she recommends him to all patients. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	 He is a wonderful caring doctor with a wonderful demeanor. He is funny and highly respected.  Never met anyone that did not think this man is great! 		5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	1	.  also delivered my daughter who is now 3 n it was all as quick as it could be 	3	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
43	1	 Jason Talbert is excellent.  He is very thorough and gives the time you need.  He is compassionate and concerned with your needs.  Highly recommend.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Humana
43	1	 Dr. Talbert is great. Too bad his staff stinks. I made an appointment 3 months in advance. Four weeks before the appointment the office called and moved me a month farther out. The day before that late appt. the office called me again and moved me another two weeks out saying the doctor had switched his late days from Wed. to Thurs. but they did not have any Thurs. appointments for a couple of weeks. WHAT&#63;&#63;&#63; I was just told a sappy &quot;I'm sorry&quot;.  	2	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	1	commentsgreat doctor, very helpful and just a really nice guy 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	 I have been a patient of Dr. Talbert's for about 7 years. He is one of the best doctors I've ever had. He has the perfect blend of &quot;best side manner&quot; and knowledge that makes you leave feeling very well taken care of. I agree that his office staff are not the most pleasant but they are not the worst I've dealt with either.  		3	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
43	1	 Dr. Talbert is very kind and respectful, and listens well. Office staff leaves a bit to be desired, but Dr. T. is worth that inconvenience. He is thorough and nonjudgemental, and I always leave feeling better than when I came.  		3	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	1	 Doctor Takyi delivered my second child, and was incredible throughout my whole pregnancy! He was not my assigned OB but after seeing him a few times in office around 19 week when he did my cerclage I requested he be my primary as I felt he cared and answered all of my questions no matter how many times I asked the same ones. He is definitely the best doctor I have ever had. His bedside manner is wonderful even my husband loved dealing with him.  I would reccomend this doctor to anyone! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	1	 Dr. Takyi was not my primary OB, but I saw him several times through both my pregnancies, and he was on-call when I delivered my first son. I like him very much, and he seems to have a very gentle manner. He also takes time to explain things in as much detail as you'd like (for example, why your feet are so swollen none of your shoes fit anymore). My only complaint would be that he seems to lean a little more toward intervention (e.g., episiotomies and induction) than some of the other doctors in the office, but he respected my wishes when I declined both of those procedures.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	1	commentsDr. Takyi is kind and considerate.  He is a wealth of information and always has time to answer my questions. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	 Unfortunately Dr. Takyi was not my primary doctor for my first pregnancy, but I did see him as i saw all of the doctors in the practice throughout my pregnancy. He was very thourough, show genuine interest and concern and had great bedside manner. If I do have another child, I will definately request Dr.  Takyi as my primary doctor 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Humana
50	1	 I am surprised by the negative comment here.  Dr. Takyi is my OB (I had a different doctor with my last 3 due to different insurance).  He is a great physician and takes time to listen and seems to truly care.  	2	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	1	commentsDr. Takyi delivered all four of my kids, with the last pregnancy being twins.  He was very knowledgable about my high risk pregnancy.  He was proactive in my care recommending necessary treatment due to a premature delivery with my second child.  He is very emphathic to my pain and other issues.  He makes me feel very comfortable during my visits and I consider him one of the best doctor's I've had.  I would highly recommend him to anyone. 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	commentsDr. Takyi was rec. by my hemotologist. I think he is great and has really taken charge of watching my high risk pregnancy.  He's always very friendly, takes the time to answer my questions and his nurses are prompt at returning my calls whenever I need someone.  He's very proactive and has never made me feel insecure.  I'm a first time mom and this is all new to me so I feel like I am in safe hands.  I'd recommend him to others, especially if you are high risk.  His practice is great, Mid Michigan Physicians OB/GYN.  It's a high risk office but they take all patients.  I am rotating right now to other OB's in this practice and so far I like Dr. Takyi the best.  The ultra sound tech there is AWESOME!  She's patient, friendly and takes the time to explain everything to me.  I plan to go here again with the next baby. 	4	3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
50	-1	commentsThis Dr does not believe you have pain--is not willing to give pain medication.  He does not return calls.  If you can get him on the phone, he tells you he has patients and cannot talk to you (I thought I was a patient too!!!) When a specialist viewed his surgery pictures, it was obvious that Dr. Takyi left cells. How does he sleep at night&#63; He said, The treatment is---no options given--found out too late how wrong he was!! 	1	2	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	 Been with him for 17 years. Very knowledgable, straightforward in speaking, he tells you like it is. Great Dr., just wish he has more time to devote to patients. It's hard to see him if your employed and work dayshift.  	4	3	4	5	Insurance:Henry Ford / HAP
56	1	 Very caring and professional, has goog judgement and knowledge in this field.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
56	1	 This guy is moody.  He does know his stuff, but an at time be insulting and careless.  If you catch him on a good day it is as though he is great, but he makes personal comments that he should avoid.  Currently I am unemployed and he told me my parents should be ashamed of me.  I think that is my own business and none of his.  	5	5	3	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$50
62	1	 Dr. T ROCKS!!!  Very helpful, thorough...takes time to answer all questions.   Highly recommend! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$35
62	1	 Dr. T has been our children's pediatrician. He is really excellent.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	1	 Dr. T was my son's peditrician for many years.  My son Ryan was a severely disabled child and Dr. T was my support thru many difficult dicisions I had to make.  He treated my son with nothing but respect , concern and care. I totally trusted his advice and care and I never second guessed his advice and treatment. My son Ryan has since passed on and I will always remember how it touched me that Dr. T. came to the funeral home to pay his respects.  He is the best around and I wish all Doctors were so special as this fine man!  God Bless Dr. T.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	1	commentsAn excellent pediatrician.  Very good care and very thorough.  My children love him. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	commentsFrom a parent of a chronically ill child Dr T is the best and most knowledgeable in this area. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	 Dr. T is our son's pediatrician, and we love him! He is always very gentle, very kind and very patient and listens to all our concerns -- and being new parents, we have a lot of them! He never makes us feel silly for worrying, either. The staff at Lansing Peds is wonderful, as well.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$20
62	1	commentsvery helpful, friendly, good rapport with kids, knowledgeable. He listens to mother's intuitions even if medical evidence doesn't fully present itself. Works great with other doctors to care for his patients. Knows when to defer to other specialists. 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
67	-1	commentsThis physician lost his license to practice on 10-1-2008 after failing to report for a 20 month prison sentence in a federal fraud case.  Click on the state medical board record above for confirmation. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
75	1	commentsDr Tacia is a five star Doctor * * * * *. He is the best Dr in this State of Michigan!! He has always been there for me..I have been with him over 5 years. He always listen, very caring, and understanding. Some Doctors are always in a hurry, but not Dr Tacia he take the time! He just a around great person, and always has a nice smile. Thanks for beeing you !! From Carolyn Everitt 		4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
75	1	commentsDr. Tacia is very compassionate and caring. He puts you first and makes sure that your visit is everything you hoped to accomplish. He listens carefully and is very easy to talk to. There is no rushing and hurrying. Definately A plus in my book. Paid/Co-pay:$30		4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
76	1	commentsWonderful, Professional, 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	 Very careing, Listens to every thing you say. Wants to help you feel better.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
80	-1	commentsDr. tackabury has a very bad staff, they never call with tests results that are not good. The nurses are very rude.  You can never get a appointment when you need one. Hes is not very knowledgable about anything unless it is a sore throat. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	 Very nice. A little to quick to prescribe medications before trying to change diet, exercise, etc. But very nice and very knowledgeable. Would definitely recommend him as a doctor to other potential patients.  		4	5	5	Insurance:Henry Ford / HAPPaid/Co-pay:$20
80	1	 wonderful with my kids. my 2 year old told my mom &quot;Dr. Tackabury's a nice guy. And he's got nice hair. &quot; lol 		5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
82	-1	 Pill pusher, doesn't listen, was writing scripts within the first 5 minutes of my initial visit! Prescribed 2 anti depressants and 2 mood stabilizers.  Very rude, pushy and not a kine or gentle person at all.  My doctor keeps recommending her, but I REFUSE to go back to her, her initial meds messed me up and she just kept saying that she needed to adjust the levels...took me 2 months to wean off and I am much better without her meds or advice.  She uses severe scare tactics to get you to comply.  	3	3	1	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
82	-1	commentsThis woman should not be allowed to practice medicine.Rude,obnoxious,obtuse,and no listening skills. I had just moved to the area,from a different state,I called &amp; made an appointment with HER staff,had my doctor fax my records to her,& I had 2 RX from my doctor to be filled(origional rx).I informed her staff as to my problem(I had seen my dr. before I left to get a refill on my meds till I could find a new dr. well because the type of meds I take the Michigan just passed a new law that doesn't let the pharmacy dispense meds of this kind if not from a state dr.)Needless to say she treated me as if I was some drug addict that walked right in off the street. She said I needed to take a piss test to make sure I was not abusing my meds or alcohol.& that I never should have made it into her office without a referal from another dr.(just so everyone knows I am a 34yo 140lb.student who doesn't have insurance so every penny counts)She insulted my intellect,& expected me to not get upset NEVER! 	4	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	commentsListen to these freaks rag on Dr T!!! They'll mental patients for Christ sakes!!! LMAO. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
82	-1	 This doctor is the worst I have ever encountered. She is coldhearted and rude.  She constantly interrupts, does not listen well, and does nothing but push medications on me.  Every time I see her, I feel worse about myself.  Today I felt like driving into a tree after she chewed me out and demeaned me.  I would have quit seeing her long ago, except then I would not be able to see her in house extraordinay counselor.  She is the person who has helped me the most.  Dr. T. has misdiagnosed me based on my behavior a year ago, and wants nothing more than to keep me drugged and devoid of feelings.   Avoid this doctor at all costs! 	2	1	1	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
82	-1	commentsI went to her for Adult ADD. She gave me the minimum dose and when that didn't work she told me I didn't have ADD and that I was stupid. I've never been treated with such disrespect in my life.  She needs to be reviewed by the medical board! 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	commentsI went to her following the death of my children.  She is quite stern, but effective.  She was very straight forward with me.  She help me come out of a very dark lonely place.  I would recommend her to any seeking help. 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
82	-1	commentsWorst doctor I've ever been to.  She rushed me in at my first appointment without even introducing herself.  Belittled me and acted irritated that I was even there.  Tried to push more meds on me that I wasn't interested in.  After my one  appointment with her, I contacted my family doctor, found a great counselor, and never went back to her again.  Wouldn't recommend her to anyone. 	3	4	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
95	1	 Dr.  Tabor was one of the finest doctors/surgeons i have met, he took the the time to go over everything with me that had to be done, he teated me like a human and not just another dollar sign, thats very rare today, he even gave his home personal number in case i had any trouble or questions, wish there was more doctors/surgeons like him 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
95	1	 Dr. Tabor is one of the most caring and sincere doctors I have ever visited, podiatrist or otherwise.  Called me at home after surgery just to see how I was doing and if I needed anything.  Very rare in this day and age.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
