dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	DR.  SALAMA SAVED MY LIFE BY REMOVING A CANCEROUS TUMOR FROM MY VOCAL CHORD EVEN THOUGH I LOST THE ABILITY TO SPEAK I CAN STILL TALK THROUGH AN DEVICE MY SURGERY WAS ALMOST 13 YEARS AGO INDEED A MOST COMPASSIONATE MAN AND WONDERFULL HUMAN BEING 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	-1	Doctor will wait till kids needs to be hospitalized to prescribe a medicine.  	1	4	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
2	1	. He is the best Doctor ever he is very thorough and honest, and his staff is great as well 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
2	1	. HE IS HONESTY THE BEST FOR MY CHILDREN HE EVEN MADE A HOUSE CALL I NEVER KNEW A DOCTOR WOULD CARE SO MUCH WE WERE PROBLY SOME OF HIS FIRST PATIENTS BUT WE HAVE TOLD EVERYONE ABOUT HIM HE IS TRULY THE MOST DEDICATED DOCTOR I KNOW 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
3	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	We absolutely LOVE Dr. Christie. She takes time to listen to our concerns, and is very thorough. Searched a long time to find a Dr. I could understand.  She is SUPER!!! 	2	4	3	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	0	Dr. Samuels is a good doctor when you finally get to see her but her staff and trying to make an appointment with her is HORRIBLE! I've yet to have one good encounter with any of her staff.  I came down with bad cold/ bronchitis here lately I tried calling to get an appointment to see her and who ever was on the phone just told me dr. wasn't taking appointments today because their computers were down; took my name and said shed call back when they were back running. Whoever she was was very rude and acted like I was a comPlete inconvenience and bother for her.  As if why am I bugging her about being sick.  My suggestion you'd have better luck and be treated a whole lot nicer as if you were an actual person instead of a bother by just going to your local rite aid before making an appointment! 	1	2	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
4	-1	I having nothing good to say about this office. I should have listened to the comments made by others about her staff. They are very rude and dismissive. I have a disease that is very unpredictable and can progress quickly when its agitated. I am only 31 years old and right now I can’t walk or stand without assistance. When I lost muscle function it happened fast I even ended up in the hospital for 2 weeks. Everyone was scrambling and I needed referrals to see various specialists. Her office told me they didn’t have time to complete my referral requests or they simply would not do them even after they promised to complete them. I wrote her a letter complaining about the poor service from her staff and she sent me a letter that was 3 sentences long saying she was dropping me! No apologies no explanation. What a way to treat a scared patient.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Henry Ford / HAP
4	1	Dr. Samuels is wonderful. She has been my primary physician for 15 years even though I've moved all over the greater Flint area, driving from Flushing or Grand Blanc just to see her. She takes her time and listens to your concerns. This is wonderful, but it is also likely the reason why she is always running so far behind. The wait is very frustrating but worth it.  Her assistant, Karen, is amazing but her nurse, Linda, is not very friendly. Overall, I recommend her to my friends and family and caution them about Linda's demeanor. 	 9/14/11	3	1	5	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	Love her.. her staff is getting better everytime. She is great and when you are realy sick she will stay very late just to fit you in..  Love her 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Henry Ford / HAP
4	1	Dr. Samuels is the best doctor in the area.  She is very kind and helpful.  We feel very fortunate to have her for our family doctor.  	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	Dr. Samuels is a GREAT doctor. But, her office hours change quite frequently, and are hard to work around. The office does not have very good communication skills. My mother and I both go here, and there has been at least two times we have taken work off only to find out the doctor wasn't in to the office. Also it can be uncomfortable because her nurse is very rude and unfriendly. But altogether Dr. Samuels is good doctor, its her office staff that needs work.  	1	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	Dr. Samuels is the most amazing doctor. I know a lot of people that go to her and I have never heard anything bad about her. She makes you feel very comfortable and important.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	I went to Dr. Sagher to get a brain tumor removed in 2008. I would recommend Dr. Sagher to anyone needing brain surgery. In a very difficult time, he was able to make me feel comfortable about the whole situation. The surgery was successful & I couldn't be happier with the results. Dr. Sagher gave me my life back.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	1	This is the only place that actually &quot;listened&quot; to me and helped me.  I have been suffering for many years with no relief.   I'm glad I didn't give up! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	-1	I have never met such a money hungry doctor in my life. He is always running at least one hour behind. He doesn't care to listen to what you have to say. Instead he is copying everything down in the chart from the last visit and filling out the billing sheet before you are done with the visit.  I would never, never recommend such a doctor to my worst enemy!!!!! 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	1	. Thorough,decicive good listener 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Henry Ford / HAP
9	1	Incredibly knowledgable, and a great surgeon. His staff is wonderful, too.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	Dr. Samani is a first class Orthopedic Surgeon that ALWAYS listens to our concerns.  He has completed shoulder replacement and knee replacement surgery on my husband, a knee repair on me after a fall on black ice and treated our son for multiple othopedic injuries.  I always leave his office with my questions fully answered and the knowledge that if my problem persists we will consider more options.  He listens intently and proceeds with the full picture in mind.  An ultimate professional.  He will always be our first choice for orthopedic treatement. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	-1	The worst doctor ever, do not go there. screwed up my knee bad, had know idea waths going on.  won't not go there again 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Humana
9	1	Dr Samini has done three surgeries on me, a torn rotar cuff in 2000 which is still good, a scope on my knee 2002 which I had to have a knee replacement in 2008.  I am very pleased with Dr. Samani he takes the time to explain all your options and tells you which should have the best out come for you. Which of course makes him take a little longer for your appointment . But he takes the same time with you.  He is an amazing doctor and I would gladly recommend him to anyone needing knee or shoulder surgery 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	Dr. Samani did my shoulder surgery about a year and a half ago and did a great job. My shoulder is now 100%. He was knowledgable about my condition and did a great job correcting it. Also, the physical therapy department there is very good as well. If you're going, make sure to ask for Ken! 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	first class, profesional, thorough,  very good surgical experience for me, wife also had surgery and had very good experience.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	I felt good about Dr. Samani our first few visits, but since suregery, he has become too busy and taken on too much to be attentive to his patients. I don't feel like we were informed aftert he surgery as to what to expect or what is normal.  We see his assistant more than him, and the rare time we get to see him we feel rushed.  I don't know how the surgery is going to turn out, it's been two months and I seem to be behind most people who have this procedure.  Time will tell if he did a good job on my shoulder, but he needs to get back to basics with his patients. 	3	2	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	Dr. Samani is wonderful. I have had problems with my right knee for years with 3 surgeries by a diferent doctor. I continued to have knee pain. I was told my next step would be knee replacement, but I was to young( I'm 33) and to basially deal with it.I went to see Dr. Samani because he had fixed my shoulder a year earlier and was very happy with the result. (torn rotator cuft torn labrum and bone spur) I told Dr. Samani what the other doctor had told me and he looked at me like I was crazy. He came up with 2 options Microfracture and ACI. I am recovering from microfracture now ( 3 months pots op.) and it allready feels better than before. While he was in there he took out some cartilidge and sent it to the lab to grow in case I need the follow up ACI surgery 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	. Excellent surgeon - very thorough with his explanations and extremely knowledgeable 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	Very positive experience with Dr. Samani and his office! They are always so friendly, helpful and willing to go the extra mile. I highly recommend Dr. Samani! He's a breath of fresh air when it comes to orthopaedic surgeons in southeastern Michigan! I especially liked how he took the time to thoroughly explain my knee issue, offer solutions, and answer ALL of my questions. He made me feel like I was a VIP patient.  He's the best doctor I've ever been to! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	he was awesome...he performed a scoping on 1 of my knees, right (the good 1)......a few years earlier this procedure was performed by another doctor in TN (dont remember name of that Dr.) on my left knee..............needless to say if i had Samani for the first knee procedure i may have been able to continue to play football... 		3	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	he offered several treatment options for my shoulder injury and was patient and never made me feel rushed. he has a pleasant personality and made me feel that i was in the best of care.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	Took the time to explain all of the options that we could explore. Explained everyting very well. The staff was helpful too.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	1	Dr Salem is a kind and sweet person.  She is very skilled medically and surgically.  She is respectful of your wishes (unless it could bring harm to you or your baby).  She cares very deeply for her patients, and I hope she delivers my baby. I know we are safe with Dr Salem.  Though she looks young, she has really got it together. I can't say enough nice things about her. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	At first I was nervous for Dr. Salem to deliver my daughter via an emergency c-section since she's just so young, but I couldn't be happier with the result :-) Everything went really well with the c-section, my scar is barely visible and most importantly my daughter is healthy and beautiful. I will be going to Dr. Salem now for my regular appt.  as well as she is the nicest and most carrying doctor! 	3	4	5	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	1	Finally a doctor who listens! I have went through three with my 9 month old son. She listened to my concerns and ran tests without me needing to act! Its nice to find one who is not only caring but up to date  on the current medical conditions and solutions! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	Dr. Sanders is very nice but she comes into the room with a set mind of your ailment and takes no time to listen to the rest of your symptoms other than whats listed on the sheet. She diagnoised me with Strep Throat even though the rapid test came back negative and it turned out to be nothing more than a sinus infection. I ended up taking antibiotics that I didn't need to take. 	 5/16/09	4	4	4	Insurance:Unknown
12	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
12	-1	Do not trust your skin/health to this Doc/office.  Yes, Dr. Sanchez was punctual, but that's b/c she moves faster than the drive-thru at McDonald's. We have excellent insurance but the first thing this office hits you with: copay, copay, copay...PAY your copay BEFORE you see the Doc.  Okay, no prob.  Nurse shows me to room, no gown.  I ask for a gown, she looks at me as if I'm nuts.  I then say, as a new patient, I'm expecting an exam&#63;  She says, &quot;NO, you are not scheduled for a full-body exam.&quot; &#63;&#63;&#63;&#63; What the heck&#63;  Doc Sanchez blows in (NO INTRO)...asks to see the spot on my back which I have concerns- w/previous skin cancer...I have to ask HER to look over my skin (it's my annual trip to the Derm).  She sighs, pulls out a magnifying glass &amp; does a quick- I MEAN QUICK 1 min look.  Says I look fine &amp; b/c no history of skin cancer...come back 1yr.  Hello&#63;  I have a huge history of skin cancer.  WON't be back.  BEWARE of this DOCTOR &amp; OFFICE!!!!!!  No attn to detail, SCARY. 	1	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
12	-1	Left with an expensive medication that didn't work. 	5	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	Very knowledgable, caring, focused. if u need a doctor, Dr. Saeed is your guy. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	. kNOWLEDGABLE, pROACTIVE 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	-1	She over charges and tries to get you to do unnecessary work.  	2	2	2	2 	Insurance:Delta Dental
14	1	I have been a long time client and have been very pleased with the office stall and the care they give to me 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	Dr Salzberg-Siegel and her staff are so concerned about your comfort and well being that I actually enjoy going there. I would recomend them to anyone who needed a calm and gentle dentist and atmosphere. They patient is the center of every service they provide.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
14	1	Dr. Siegel is extremely knowledgeable and very conscientious reagarding her role as dentist. She keeps abreast of new information and technology that affects her career and is always willing to assist for the health and well-being of her patients.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
14	1	I have been going to this dentist for several years now and have never had any problems. The dental services and treatments have been excellent. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	everyone is very friendly.   It is a pleasure to go to the dentist 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
14	1	Dr. Seigel has an excellent office.  Very professional and calming. Excellent for entire family. Her office has worked with the various insurances I've had over the many years I've seen her.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	Mindy is a great Dentist.  She's a perfectionist and a great advocate for her clients! She sees our whole family and has been particularly helpful with our kids braces.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
14	1	I have two insurance policies and they are very knowledgeable about estimating costs before the procedures.  I have had excellent service in this area.  I think the staff is wonderful and very helpful.  I have found Dr Siegel to be very gentle and understanding about my anxiety while at the dentist.  I would recommend her to all my friends and family. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	I just moved here from Colorado and my neighbors recommended Dr. Mindy to me. I found the office extremely clean, current,and the latest technology was used. The staff was extremely knowledgable and pleasant. And Dr. Mindy was wonderful.  She spent about 1 1/2 hours with me on the initial visit and answered all my questions.  She is very confident and friendly.  She put me at ease immediately.  She has beautiful photos of her actual patients all over the walls and their teeth look great!!!  I would strongly recommend this dentist.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
14	-1	I was looking for a new Dentist being that I transferred &amp; my husband has a premium Dental plan. Staff was initially friendly &amp; sent out a questionnaire. I filled it out with insurance questions answered. I also called the dentist to confirm my coverage was right. On the day of the Appointment for my cleaning, I waited approx. 20 min to be seen. I confirmed with Jennifer that my coverage was in fact 100% &amp; stated it was so. I also confirmed prior to having X-rays taken that this was also 100% covered &amp; again was told it WAS. After receiving a bill for this service, I called to ask if there was a mistake. The Dentist agreed to pay half of this bill leaving me with an approx. $70 balance. The billing dept. was extremely un-negotiable AT THIS POINTE. I asked to speak directly with the dentist &amp; was told she would call back later. I never had a call returned by her &amp; billing claims they are in the network but BCBS does NOT agree! Avoid this dentist unless money is not an issue. Very poor.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	1	Has my back feeling almost brand new in just two visits.  I recommend him! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	1	Professional, caring, knowledgeable.  I am very satisfied. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	Dr. Sackeyfio saved my life! I love him- he's the best doctor out there and truly cares about his patients and their recovery.   :) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
16	1	He saved my life...and helped me find my way to happiness! I am currently in recovery for anorexia and bulimia, but Dr.  Sackeyfio is the best doctor I've ever had! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	I am almost 35 years old and Dr. Sackeyfio has been treating me since I was 15 years old. He has helped me overcome many obstacles in my life and has never given up. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	Ridiculous wait times.  He is also a Psychiatrist. Nice doc but I waited over two hours once, and then felt rushed when I did finally see him.  	3	1	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	Great doctor, very knowledgeable and great at diagnosis and lifestyle advice. Lousy staff and overbooking scheduling system, long waits typically over an hour or more. The office staff is simply uncaring, you feel like you are just an object passing through, no consideration at all. And be sure to double check the billing, watch for errors in your account.  	2	1	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	0	this man overbooks..ALWAYS EX;ECT TO WAIT 4 PLUS HOURS;  BOOKSMART; BUT NO BEDSIDE MANNER; WAITING ROOM 100 DEGREES OR 50 DEGREES DEPENDING ON SEASON!... GREART MAGAZINIES WHILE YOU WAIT OR STARVE... SENDS PATIENRS TO BUDDIES...OVERTESTS...... DO NOT RECOMMEND! 	1	1	1	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	I was with Dr. Marshal Sack for well over 25 years until I had to move to Florida. He is the best Doctor ever. He cared for me and my family in more ways than any other doctor has. We started with him when he began in the practice with Dr. Blum. Both were amazing, Dr. Sack is #1. The travel time and wait time are well worth it. I wish there was a Doctor like him in Florida. He is deeply missed.  	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	Yes, you may wait in the waiting room and exam room for quite a while, but it is well worth the wait.  Dr. Sack is so great that I won't consider going elsewhere. I live approximately 50 miles away and with traffic the drive is sometimes more than an hour.  My husband often drives me to my appointments and doesn't even mind waiting the couple of hours that I'm in there because he knows how great Dr. Sack has been to/for me.  I have referred many people, and they all agree that he is awesome.  He is very concerned also about your financial means, so that if you don't have prescription coverage or if you have high co-pays, he gives you plenty of samples to reduce your costs.  Although he has an extremely busy practice, it's always easy to get an appt and he never makes you feel like he's rushing through your visit.  	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	I have been with Dr Sack for 25+ years and for good reason.  The best Dr.  you could find ! 	2	1	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	He needs to make patients wait less! The average wait time is at least 1 hour! But most of the time it has taken me 3 hours to complete my visit.  	3	1	3	4 	Insurance:Humana
17	1	. THIS IS GREAT DOCTOR WITH A VERY SUPPORTIVE AND COURTEOUS STAFF THEY GET SPECIALIST APPOINTMENTS FOR PATIENTS VERY QUICKLY ALTHOUGH THEIR IS USUALLY A LONG WAIT IT IS WELL WORTH IT! I WOULD DEFINITELY RECOMMEND THIS DOCTOR 	4	2	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	I've have seen Dr. Sack for many years now and the waiting time is well worth the service rendered.  I bring my work with me and actually get a lot of things accomplished all while listening to others complain.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
17	1	even though I've had to wait sometime 2 hours to see Dr Sacks. He reasure me with his knowledge and ability to diagonis rapidly.  His concern for me and my family as individuals is outstanding.   The only problem I've ever had with Marshal Sacks is the lack of respec for my time 	3	1	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
17	1	Dr. Sack has been my doctor for at least a decade.  He is a very caring, intuitive doctor.  I know that I can call him and get fit in within a day or so, if I really need it.  You never have to wait a month to get an appt with him and perhaps that is why there is a long wait in the waiting room.  At any rate, if you want a doctor that will tell you the truth and take immediate action, you will like Dr. Sack.  I will continue to see him when needed.  	4	2	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	Caring, concerned, knowledgeable doctor with an absolutely horrible support staff and office procedure. You have to wait for hours to see him, and usually see a PA in training first. He's a great guy, and that is the only reason I come back. 		1	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	I cant say enough good things about this doctor. I have a daughter in crisis and he took an aggressive approach to her therapy and set us up with an EXCELLENT therapist to work in conjunction with her med regemin. He asked all the right questions for all the right reasons and made my daughter feel ok about all that was going on and let her know she wasnt alone. I have reccommended him to anyone I know in need of a psychiatrist for their troubled teen. I had been through several far less thourough doctors and finally my daughter is on the road to being well because I was lucky enough to be reffered to him. 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	have been seeing him for 12 years. Never in and out in less than 2 hours,however well worth the wait. very knowledgable and to the point doctor. 		1	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	Dr. Sack is a great doctor. The reason there is such a long wait is because he fits people in that need to see him that day. There has been many a time when I have seen him the day of or the next day. Not to mention that I have a fear of needles, he has worked around that. Sure he does alot have alot of the Med Students in with him, but I really don't mind. I rather they learn from a good doctor. I have been going there for 5+ years and will still keep going.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	Dr. Sack was a decent doctor, but you can never see him without spending 2+ hours waiting in the reception area then the examining room. He sometimes seemed to rush through my appointments, esp. when he had another doctor with him. When I started to feel that the doctors in training were spending more time with me (asking me questions, explaining my options) than Dr. Sack was after I was waiting 2 hours to see him each time, I decide it was time to move on. 		1	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	He is a very kind, caring doctor. Sometimes you have to wait a long time to see him, but it is well worth it, he remembers you, and treats you like a friend. I would recommend him to anyone.  	 4/22/08	4	4	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	1	usually have to wait,sometimes long.  he is nice, soft spoken, interested, takes time for your questions/concerns. knowledgable.  	5	2	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	Blood vessel ruptured during an angioplasty. An hour long operation took 4.5 hours. Crash team called in. Dr Samman managed to close the tear working through the groin, using 5 stents. Member of crash team visited me the next day and said she couldn't believe he pulled me through, she expected me to die, or at least have the chest opened.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
20	-1	Refers everything out, cannot diagnose or prescribe anything on her own. Standard answer is &quot; I am uncomfortable handling this&quot; .. Including the common cold.  	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	Excellent work.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
22	-1	this doctor madean act of purjury against me by a false statement that i assalted a police officer in utah,in probate court.He committed what i feel to be a hippa violation,thinking my stepmom was my birth mom.She was his patient at time and  well. He said in these exzact words,the mother is unbalanced.He has not viewed my chart in which he would learn i am not able to take halperdol or thorzene stated across the chart. i feel he has judged me rather than helped me. this doctor gives a sense of hopelessness. He has done more damage to my already low self esteem that can come with any illness.I have been told i will be sent to fostercare .I have a loving mother and stepmother and have been taught that one can overcome almost insurmountable obstacles.My is here for me and have promised to ignore the  over dianosing because no one can have almost every mental illness tere is. My job now is to build my self esteem and choose to take my medicine knowing many greatly people have what I do.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
23	1	He is the best around. He makes you look very natural and refreshed. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	I had an first time allergic reaction to a sting.  Dr. Sahouri saw me right away.  He is kind, compassionate and appropriately funny.  He is smart and a great doctor.   I highly recommend him! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	1	Dr. Sahouri seemed personable and knowledgeable about my problem and was not hesitant about referring me to a specialist. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	I went in for my physical last week.  Dr. Sahouri is always very helpful.  He answers my questions clearly and has a very pleasant manner.  He even jokes around a little.  I was also pleased to learn that physicals are free now.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	1	Sahouri is the best!  I switched to him based on a recommendation @ 5 years ago.  Best decision.  He and his office team work well together, and demonstrate care and concern. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	Very kind and helpful. Always available when needed. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	Dr. Sahouri is the finest doctor in the area. His intellect and knowledgeis second to none and actually CARES about his patients. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	The staff if very friendly and concerned for the patient.  Dr. Sahour runs a very efficient office and is always very punctual to the appointment.  He is a very thorough and thoughtful physician whose care I completely trust.  I've been a patient for over 15 years and would very highly recommend Dr. Sahouri.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	GREAT DOCTOR,RETIRED ON ACCONT OF HER HUSBAND ILLNESS WHO WAS HER PARTNER IN MEDICINE.I WILL MISS BOTH.GREAT TEAM,CARING.LETTERS MAILED TO PATIENTS EXPLAINING EXIT. THEY WILL BE BACK; 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
25	0	Who knows what happened to her. She left her practice without notifying her staff or patients. Didn't even send out letters to patients to let them know they would be seeing new doctors.  Very unprofessional! 	5	1	1	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	VERY SMART LADY,PRACTICES WITH HUSBAND.GOOD TEAM.2 BRAINS BETTER THAN ONBE,BUT SHE IS GREAT.COURTEOUS 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	Dr. Safiedine and his staff are amazing! They are so helpful and friendly and have no problem answering any questions you have at anytime. Dr. Safiedine is extremely nice and takes is time with you, he treats all his patients with respect and care. He is well educated and really knows his stuff.  The office is very clean and High Tech! A great doctor, must try him out! :) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	1	My hisband are patients and had our annual physicals yesterday.  This morning when we got up before 7 a.m. we had emails from Dr. Sabin with our lab results and detailed advice about prescriptions changes, etc.  This is typical of the prompt follow-up he gives, his professional, caring and very knowledgeable services.   He is the best! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	0	He leaves a lot to be desired. He doesn't  understand my needs and seems to be inflexible  about giving certain medication. I have a lot of pain and he will only address if a make certain promises that are old fashioned and unacceptable. Ronald Fox 	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	Dr. Sabin has always been helpful and honest with my care. He has helped me become a healthier person even though I am confined to a wheelchair. He discusses subjects that are sensitive in nature and uses medical information to help me understand his approach. When I was in the hospital he called to see how I was doing. He also refers me to doctors when he does not have the expertise to care for me. I would highly recommend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
27	1	Based on my experience, Dr. Sabin is thorough and knowledgeable.  He seems to be a kind person.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	1	My best friend and I (ages 24 and 30) received our silicone breast augs in Jan of 2012.mwe cannot rave enough about this man. He was caring, polite, attentive, and incredibly knowledgeable. Several months of research was done prior to our surgeries and he was by far the best choice. His office staff was beyond helpful, and incredibly comforting. It was nice that Kim the nurse was there throughout our entire experience. She  took our blood pressure,missed us, talked us through it when we were scared, was the first person we saw post op, and also removed our stitches afterwards. Having the same nurse was such a HUGE comfort, and helped to put us at ease. we cannot rave enough about him or his work. WE ARE BOTH BEYOND THRILLED, and have received many compliments. Highly recommend this top notch doctor for anyone who is looking for affordable silicone breast augmentations. Also, medical fraud is rarely the result of a doctors mistakes. Do not let that stop you from getting your boobs done! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	I HAD SURGERY WITH DR. SAMPSON. I LOVED MY RESULTS! THANKS SOOOOO MUCH! 	1	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	Today I returned from Dr. Samson's office where he removed a cyst from below my right eye. I DID NOT have insurance and out of 3 different doctors who examined my cyst, Dr. Samson was the only one who offered to help me. He did so at a fraction of the insurance cost and was more concerned with my well being than the money. His &quot;entire&quot; staff was 100% professional, understanding and helpful with my situation. I would recommend this doctor to anyone who needs help with any type of problem and would not give it a second thought to return myself. I found Dr. Samson to be an understanding and caring individual regardless of what other have written here. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	-1	I wish that I knew at the time I had my treatment with Dr. Sampson what I know now!.I was referred by a friend, and was treated unprofessionally, and my insurance billed for charges that had nothing to do with my treatment.It turned out I am not the only one!!. He and wife are charged with medical fraud , and are facing jail time!. That really makes you feel good about a doctor you trusted and put your life in his hands!!!. 	2	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
28	-1	I knew Dr.Sampson for years and trusted him with my reconstruction surgery. I was septic three times immediately after surgery. I was unable to reach him when I had problems. He botched up my reconstruction surgery so bad that I am facing my 8Th surgery at St. Joe's Hospital to repair what he did. (My surgeon now is Dr. Paul Izenberg, who is excellent.)Sampson was very rude to me post surgery. He refused to listen to me regarding complications I was having. It has cost me tens of thousands of dollars out of pocket for his mistakes. Now he is facing medical fraud charges for billing Ins. companies for procedures that were not done.   Karma is a wonderful thing !!!!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
28	1	I had breast augmentation done with Dr. Sampson in his Jackson location 5 years ago and was very pleased with his work and my comfort and contact with all the staff through the recovery even after surgery. I would strongly recommend a work well done to this doctor. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	-1	This doctor botched my friend's surgery and refused to make it right.  I was with her when she returned very dissatisfied, and I was displeased by the way he treated her.  I would never go to this doctor nor do I recommend him. 	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	very professional 	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	He is my favorite cardiologist or doctor ever.  Excellant. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
30	0	I have many issues and I called this doctor regarding unexplained bleeding and he called me yelling at me and made me feel like a little girl getting in trouble.  I felt like a complete fool and he made me feel like I bother him, I thought thats what we pay these doctors for. I've been going tohim for years and am hoping he had a bad day.  I don't want to find a new Gyno. 	3	5	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	This doctor is the best doctor I've ever been to.  I put all my trust in his hands and he is so patient and caring with his patients.  I sometimes feel I bother him to much but he never makes me feel that way. 	2	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	Have been going to Dr. Salesin for 39 years. Will be devasated when he retires.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
30	1	Dr. Salesin is the most caring and excellent doctor I've ever been to.  After having my surgery he called to check up on me and was very up front with my diagnosis.  I would recommend him to any woman looking for a doctor they can trust and who will give them the best care available. 	2	4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	Dr. Salesin is very dedicated to his profession I wish there were more doctors who were so passionate about there work, he always listens and never makes your questions seem like a bother, I can't even think of him retiring because there will never be another Dr. Salesin. 	2	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	Dr. Salesin has always been there for me even when I moved several hours away. He's returned my calls and emails promptly and gives me the details that I am looking for. I wish all doctors share the same ethics, morals and excellent demeaner in which he can't help but be known. All I can say is thank you for him. I have complex problems and he has been up front and correct with his treatment of me and treatment plans for me.   	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	-1	I am a healthy 60 year old and this man, who is approximately the same age, refused to perform Arthroscopic surgery. My symptoms were sudden onset, following a fall. He told me there was Arthritis, and to &quot;deal with it! You are 60&quot;. I asked him to consider Arthroscopic Surgery and he said I was not a candidate, but, did not suggest why. After seeking a second opinion and having arthroscopic surgery, I had an old torn Meniscus, which I had dealth with for 10 months. Dr Safely did not suggest Physical Therapy, which I received with Phys #2. Helped,  as did the repair of my meniscus. NOW, I am ambulating fine! The staff at the office are rude and are only Medical Assistants. When I asked for a 2nd appt to show the doctor the acute swelling of my knee, I had to wait one week until a Medical Assistant &quot;Approved&quot; such as appointment, even though Dr. Safely asked me to &quot;come in when you have sever swelling&quot;. I was disappointed with the attitude of a secretary and medical assistant.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	0	My elderly mother was Dr. Safley's patient....and when I took her to see him, I was appalled at his mannerism..COLD,COLD,COLD! He never said, &quot;hello mrs.&quot; and when she introduced her daughter(me) to him, he ignored her. I felt like we were invisible...he looked at her leg, ordered the nurse to do something and left. I have never been treated like that and felt bad for my mother. My friend was complaining about the doctor that repaired her mom's broken hip....his rotten personality.  I asked who this doctor was...and when she said, &quot;Dr. Safley&quot;, I told her about meeting him, myself with my mother. So, I was correct about him and she confirmed my opinion.  My friend needs knee surgery and will not go to him......altho, he is suppose to be an excellent surgeon, he is loosing patients.  A smile or hello can't be that hard to do.  Glad that I don't need his service.   Many, other patients must feel the same! 	3	2	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	-1	First visit with him waited more then 3 hours to see him for less then 5 minutes, then he was so busy he diagnosed my problem wrong.  Second visit because his staff decided to fit me into the schedule he decided he was not going to see me until he finished with all his other patients, even though I had been waiting for over 2 hours past my appointment he was seeing others who had just come into the office, when I questioned him he said &quot;O'' Well&quot;  His own secretary told me he was throwing my chart on the bottom, and I asked him how many times he had done that and his response was &quot;I wasnt counting&quot;.  Not very professional! 	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	Very impressive doc. i have read other reviews saying he is fast to do surgrey. That is far from the truth. I have 4 fractures 3 in the t section 1 in the l section. although this doc could have easily said i need surgrey he is doing everthing he can to avoid that option. I think people writing bad reviews are the people expecting miracles. I would reccomend Dr.Sabit to anyone. To set aside the fears of bad reviews i would even take my own children to him with out a second thought. 	 7/31/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
32	-1	.  	 6/12/12	1	1	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	1	Very good Doctor.  Very knowledgeable, and is hesitant to do surgery unless absolutely necessary.  	 6/5/12	5	5	5	Insurance:BC Med
32	-1	performed neck surgery two years ago.  since then i have to take norco everyday, 4 a day.  I was taking 8. neck is still stiff and sore.  worse than before 	5	5	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	-1	Dr. sabit performed surgery on me last september and I regret to this day having him do it. I had to have another dr. fix his mistake. and i will never be the same. I might not have had to have surgery in the first place according to my current Dr. Depressing to know that 10 months of post op pain could have been avoided. If you have a choice never associate yourself with this Dr. It will be a tremendous mistake 	3	3	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
32	-1	BEWARE!  Dr. Sabot disappeared the day after my surgery &amp; when I went for my follow up appointment and complained of the same pain, I was told that according to my records I probably wouldn't see any improvement because there really wasn't much wrong with my back in the first place. I have since found out that I have scar tissue on the piriformis muscle which pushes on my sciatic nerve and the problems have nothing to do with my back. The worst part is that when my new dr. requested my original nerve conduction study (which the decision to have surgery was based upon) had been &quot; lost&quot;!  Needless to say the second nerve study did not indicate the need for surgery. Now six months later I have my original pain along with back pain from the surgery and I had never had back problems prior to my surgery. I truly regret putting my trust and health into the hands of Dr. Sabit.  	3	3	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	-1	I swear to GOD that the decision to get surgery from Dr Sabit is one that I regret on a DAILY BASIS. My life has been turned upside down, I must still pay monetarily and physically for what he did to me  and I probably will be doing so for the rest of my life. Getting surgery from him is the biggest regret of my life and it is one that I will forever pay for. This is the absolute truth &amp; I really wish it wasn't the case. 	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	I had surgery after 10 years of pain.  It was a minimally invasive fusion at L3, L4, L5.  My pain was gone in two days.  It was an absolute miracle.  Dr. Sabit was humble and down to earth.  I would send any family member to him.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	0	beats around the bush after surgery when you ask what was done. my husband is 3 months out from his 2nd back surgery and not doing great.  may need to find another Dr. to get some answers. Lacking communication skills or avoiding the truth&#63; 	4	4	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	EXCELLENT ER PHYSICIAN, HE SAVED MY LIFE. HE WAS KIND AND CARING AT ALL TIMES. HE TOOK THE TIME TO EXPLAIN THINGS AND ANSWER ALL MY QUESTIONS. THIS DOCTOR IS THE VERY BEST !! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	My boyfriend and I are so very happy with my results of my tummy tuck and breast aug.  His quote &quot;It is better than I could even imagine&quot;. I am a 52 year old women that feels 30. After breast feeding two babies and going from nothing to spectacular is so much fun!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	I had an eye and face lift in March 2012.  I am completely satisfied with the results.  The procedure was a 60th birthday present to myself and it is a gift that keeps on giving especially when people think I am at least 20 years younger. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	Dr. Sabbagh and his staff were wonderful. I had a tummy tuck and lower eyelid lift and couldn't be happier. From the first time I contacted them by email they were friendly and knowledgable and their customer service was exceptional. There is a reason they have been around for so long. I would definitely reccomend them to my friends and relatives. 	 11/22/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	I recently saw Dr. Sabbagh for a neck lift and thigh tuck to be performed on the same day.  I am beyond satisfied with my results.  My face looks years younger and better than I had expected.  I have been getting compliments from everyone on how good i look, the best part was that i had barely any bruising or swelling.  During the procedure the nurses were not only professional but made me feel comfortable and  eased my worries.  I have had other cosmetic procedures done in the past and after seeing Dr. Sabbagh i regret not having him do the previous surgeries. 	 11/17/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	Dr. Sabbagh did an AMAZING job with my augmentation.  The results look beautiful and most importantly, natural.  Dr. Sabbagh is very professional and takes his time answering all questions.  The staff was friendly, caring, and helpful.  I was very happy with the entire experience. 	 11/17/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
34	-1	I have already had the opportunity to answer a new patient questionnaire where I was able to express the AWFUL experience I had with the Straith Clinic- the staff, doctor and consultation was the worst I have ever had. I was referred here and have never been more insulted or treated more poorly by any office in any realm of my life. This consultation was for a breast lift from a previous augmentation and I left humiliated and in tears. Do not waste your time on a free consultation in which you will be treated rudely by the staff, doctor and be brought into a dirty clinic. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	Dr.Sabbagh is a genius let me tell you ,I had a breast lifet/aug earlier this month he did an amazing job,and surgery was a breeze,I was so nervous at first about having surgery but the staff nurses were so kind and comforting,and it was funny bc when I woke up ,I asked the nurse when are we going to start the surgery and shes like your already done lol,but yeah great experience and hes a great doctor,I went to a few and glad I chose him he takes the time to listen doesnt rush you and doesnt have a negative attitude great guy great staff great job,very pleased,if youre thinking about surgery Dr.Sabbagh is the doctor to go to great prices great attitudes great work well worth it period... 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	Dr. Sabbagh did a great job with my saline breast implants which I had after nursing two children and at age 43.  The size, shape and feel are great and feel like my natural breasts felt when I was about 20. My natural breasts were uneven and drooped. My implanted breasts just look like great, slightly larger than average breasts.  Dr. Sabbagh was friendly, helpful and did a MASTERFUL job making me look somewhat voluptuous but REAL and completely symmetrical. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	I had a brow lift along with an blephoplasty and was very satisfied with the outcome.Would definitly use this Dr again. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	I highly recommend Dr. William Sabbagh. I had my silicone implants done in December 2008 and rhinoplasty in June 2009.  Both surgeries surpassed my expectations.  Dr. Sabbagh listened to my concerns and gave me the best advice during my first consultation.  As an African-American woman, I was more concerned about how my nose would look.  I wanted to maintain my ethnic features. Dr. Sabbagh understood my concerns and he took the time to explain my procedures and after my consultation, I knew Dr. Sabbagh was the best doctor for the job.  Now, I feel great and my surgeries have truly boosted my self-confidence.  This was the best financial and personal decision I have made in my life and I would do it again.  Thank you Dr. Sabbagh.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	1	My entire experience was wonderful, it was a stressful time because an implant from 15 years ago had leaked.  The staff and doctors were very compassionate about the condition of the implant.  Plus the results were great.  Had both implants replaced as a precaution, due to the age of the implants.  NO SCARS!  Dr. William Sabbagh takes the time to discuss any concerns pre and post operation.  An all around good experience. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
34	0	I had a face lift last year and I am very disappointed. Not one person noticed any change in my appearance...not even to say that I looked rested. My dermatologist thought I was joking when I told him I had the procedure. His comment....&quot;well as long as you're happy&quot; Well I am not. Of course when I mentioned I was disatified I was told there were other procedures I could have and I was given a price quote. Why would I go back to a surgeon with whom I am unhappy&#63; 	3	3	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
34	-1	I had a nose job and was very disappointed. When I asked him to fix it, he took photos and said he would call me back. I never heard back. When I finally called back, the office manager quite rude and told me that I would have to pay more money. 	2	3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	I had planned to get 2 keloids removed fr my ear by a dermatologist.  This is because I am black, and a lot of us keloid from ear piercing. A friend told me I should try Straight instead. I got a free consulation, and explained to Dr. Sabbagh that the dermatologist said I would have a pie shaped lower lobe.  He said no way, you don't just do the procedure, it must be planned.  Dr. Sabbagh performed the procedure, and it is wonderful.  No pie shaped lower part of my earlobe.  My insurance picked up most of the cost, and I was reimbursed for $275 of the $400 charge.  This charge also included follow up injections to keep the keloids from returning. This was 5 years ago, and they never returned.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	1	Dr. William Sabbagh was very patient with my questions and seemed very sincere in knowing how I felt about the whole procedure! i had a tummy tuck , lipo. on my inner thighs and three facial,neck moles removed! and was very happy with my results! 	5	5	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	Straith Clinic and more specifically Dr. William Sabbagh are are the best.I had Rhinoplasty a procedure I wanted for many years and a procedure I researched for almost as long. I know the fear and doubt a person experiences when making the decision to have elective surgery. Armed with my research and many testimonials, I did it! I was confident I had made the best decision with Straith and Dr. Sabbagh. So let me tell you what a great decision it was! It was! It was! It was!  I can’t express my excitement and gratitude enough. The entire staff at Straith from the beginning consults, to post –operation check ups were helpful, considerate, and professional.  The quality of Dr.William Sabbagh’s’ surgery. Suffice it to say was nothing short of perfect. I only wish I did it sooner. A statement I’m sure he here’s all he time. I love my nose.The man has an immense talent, and is an artist in my book.I have referred others and will continue to sing the praises of this establishment. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	Everyone was very professional and helpful from the informational session, to the surgery (partial nose job and chin augmentation) itself and all follow-up care. I continue to see W. Sabbagh for Botox treatments and should I consider any further surgery, I will return to Straith Clinic and Dr. William Sabbagh. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	My experience with Dr. William Sabbagh and the Straith Clinic was excellent.  I had an endobrow lift with upper & lower blepharoplasty and couldn't be happier.  Prior to the surgery Dr. Sabbagh addressed all my questions and concerns with honesty and professionalism.  I received superior care throughout the entire process.  The results of the surgery were even better than I had hoped for and I would highly recommend Dr. Sabbagh. 	 10/20/08	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
34	-1	After two surgeries with Dr. Sabbagh, in which he over-resected my nose, I am now left with almost every possible problem: veeerry crooked nose / twisted tip, collapsed and overly narrow mid-vault / inverted v deformity, hanging columella / drooped and overprojected tip, retracted alars, etc. I will now need a very involved revision that will require grafting, most likely from my septum and ear, but possibly rib. Trust me, you don't want to end up in the same situation as I am in by going to this doctor. I'm convinced that most of the pictures on the Straith Clinic website are from the other doctors and are not his work 	3	4	3	1 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	Let me start by saying that cosmetic surgery was a huge decision for me emotionally and financially. I had such a great experience with Dr. Sabbagh. I'd had a rhinoplasty and chin implant performed by a different local cosmetic surgeon (Dr. Michael Freedland). Neither procedure turned out as planned. My nose essentially was collapsing on one side. The initial surgeon was nonchalant and dismissive about my concerns. A friend of the family (who had her first rhinoplastly fixed by Dr. Sabbagh) recommended that I get a consultation with Dr. Sabbagh. I was impressed by his compassion, knowledge, patience and professionalism. He also didn't try to push me into having a secondary surgery. He did perform a secondary rhinoplasty on me. While my nose isn't perfect (there are divots in the cartilage), it's a vast improvement over the initial result. I would recommend Dr. William Sabbagh to anyone considering cosmetic surgery. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	Had a full tummy tuck and lipo to the flanks. Wonderful doc. Can't say enough 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	She takes the time to listen, very knowledable and caring. No long waits.  Very good doctor 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
35	1	An excellent physician and a very knowledgeable one.  All the doctors in this practice are superior physicians, but Dr. Salazar stands out for the personal interest she takes and her willingness to listen to her patients' points of view.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	-1	 	2	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	I found Dr Salamon through my mother and he gave her a new shoulder.  He did a great job on her and and fixed up my knee even though the mri did not reflect all my problems.  Not only did he fix my knee but he also listened to my pain problems and after hours he talked to me and called in a prescription for me even though the office was closed and came back to see me in therapy and told me I could pick it up on my way home.  I continue the see Dr. Salamon because of I am accident prone and he fixes me up the best he can with understanding and therapy.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	1	Excellent internal medicine physician.  Concerned about your health.  Office help great, returns calls promptly.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
39	1	dr sach is the best, he is kind, caring,and always refers when he can.  	 4/18/08	5	5	5	Insurance:Henry Ford / HAP
40	1	Good Guy really short,:) lots of energy, seemed tp genually care!! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	Dr. Sanda has been my primary care physician since mid-2007.  He and his staff are very professional.  I like the relaxed nature of his office and the &quot;face time&quot; which he spends with me.  I would recommend Dr. Sanda to my family and friends.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
41	1	Dr. Sanda has been my primary care physician for more than 20 years. He's a caring and knowledgeable physician. He listens well and treats his patients with respect and concern. He doesn't hesitate to refer you to specialists when it's in my best interest. I couldn't ask for a better Doc.  	 6/2/09	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
42	1	I have used the Straith Clinic two different times for a sm. fatty tumor.  It reaccured when the doctor said it would after 7 yrs. Again I was very pleased with both surgerys .  Dr. Sabbagh and his staff are really the best in town. I had no pain surgery. Excellent recovery! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	Dr. Enrique sabbagh did my nose in August 2006.  I could breath two days later.  I didnt feel any pain. I think he did a great job :) and I would recommend him. 	1	4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
43	-1	Rude, does not answer questions, rude to patients, family and staff he works with. Has no respect for others. 	3	1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
43	-1	First let me say that Diane who works with this doctor is a porky-princess who does not return calls, acts like everything she fails to do is because someone else in the office screwed up. I waited with my husband over 3 hours and spent 5 minutes with the doctor who we could not understand. When I asked him to repeat himself be got mad and blew out of the room. That's when we met Diane, and were stunned when she had no idea what he said either. But she was full of excuses and rolling her eyes and acting like we were idiots. We went elsewhere. Their office then made several calls to us, hounding us, to see why we weren't coming back. Just ridiculous. I finally had to tell them to stop calling us or I would take legal measures.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	1	This physician saved my life, and the lives of some of my friends.  He is beyond knowledgeable, and very caring.  He may come across to some as abrupt, but when it comes to cancer, there are no better hands to be in.  His research is very impressive, but his dedication goes beyond measure.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
43	-1	Very rude and arrogant.  Waited hours to see him after which he rushed us through our appointment.   We went elsewhere!!! 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
43	-1	This doctor thinks he is G-d. My family found him abrupt and condescending. He spoke to his nurses with the same brash attitude, and belittled one of them in front of us, she was nearly in tears when he left the room in a huff because she didn't do something fast enough and she tried to make excuses for his rudeness, through her tears. We left the office before he returned to the room, and found another surgeon, who was wonderful. The Saha experience was awful. Not recommended.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
43	-1	This man is so full of himself that the first half of my visit he talked about himself and how great he thinks he is. He also did not wash his hands either when he came in or when he left my room. He is so arrogant it is sickening. I ended up going elsewhere for surgery.  	2	1	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	1	I would definately put my life in the hands of Dr. Saha.  Some warned me that he can be abrupt and not personable, I found the opposite to be true.  He is extremely knowledgeable and caring, he will take as much time as you need to answer questions, and make sure you are comfortable with his explanations before he leaves the exam room.  I was diagnosed with breast cancer Dec. of 2008, and by January 5th he performed the lumpectomy and set up my after care and chemo.  His office staff are wonderful caring women.  I am still in the midst of treatment and have not yet had my surgery, but will write again when my treatment is complete.  As to his office wait comments, all you need to do is call in advance and ask if he is running on time.  The staff will tell you if he is running late so you do not have to wait in his waiting room. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	Dr Saha saved my husbands life!!  He is 38 and was diagnosed with serious colon cancer.  He did extensive surgery and has followed my husbands treatment every step of the way!!  He takes time to explain exactly what he is doing and why and what we need to do to prevent any further cancer.  I would tell anyone with colon cancer to see him and only him for surgery.  We have waited in his office to see him for up to 3 hours but it is worth the wait time to have him for your doctor.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
43	1	Very knowledgeable about breast cancer.  From the time I had my mammmagram to surgery was 2 weeks. He explained everything to me and my husband in laymans terms and took at least an hour with us in his office before he did surgery. He had excellent bedside manner both to me and my husband during my hospital stay. His only drawback is his wait time in his office.  I have waited up to 3 hours, but his time is worth the wait.  	4	1	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	-1	Very rude & not knowledgeable about oral cancer 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	very professional, and educational! took the time to make me feel comfortable and important! Dr. Salah is a special person! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	great doctor!!! he's always chherful and painless.  just a nice guy and a great dentist.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Molina
46	-1	Seems like because I have Medicaid insurance, I am treated differently than people with private insurance. I have had chronic pain for over seven years now, and every time I go to the doctor--instead of running tests--I am treated like a pain pill junkie. Wouldn't recommend this practice to anyone. No time for patients. In and out in ten to fifteen minutes no matter what you are there for. Not thorough at all and &quot;bedside manner&quot; is less than impressive.  	2	2	1	2 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
46	1	is very short with paitents but gets to the point not alot of personal time spent with patients 		5	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
47	1	very nice family friendly manner. Good followup. took time to explain all options.  	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
47	0	 	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	Tracy is very nice and very smart! She is always on top of things. I would never see any other Doctor. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	I would say she is very nice but also i question her knowledge. 	3	3	4	3 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	She is an excellent provider.  She has a very caring attitued and does whatever she can to help you.  I would reccomend her to anybody! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	She is friendly but I sometimes question her knowledge. 		4	4	3 	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	Outstanding psychiatrist.  Knowledgeable, personable.  Active listener, caring, patient.  Really helped me through difficult time.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	1	I couldn't imagine seeing anyone else. He won't **** you, he will tell it like it is. If you need to lose weight, try some new medication, take a test, or do anything you may be uncomfortable with or afraid of, he will not hesitate to tell you what you need to do for yourself.  He's a wonderful listener, and extremely knowledgeable. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
50	-1	This is the most disrespectful doctor I have ever dealt with.  My next to the last appointment had 12 people waiting when I showed up on time for my appointment.  Yesterday when I walked into office on time for my appointment they informed me that the doctor called and cancelled it 10 minutes ago.  So today I show up on time again and wait 50 repeat 50 minutes and he never seen me.  	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	0	The wait is always 1-2.5 hours to see the Doctor. And that's with an appointment! It's frustrating to leave work 2 hours early and not get into the exam room until after my office is closed! Once I got in to see Dr. Saleem, the &quot;exam&quot; always felt rushed and incomplete. I felt like he just listened for one or two keywords to figure out which drug to prescribe to get me out of his office. I found a new doctor.  	 2/16/11	3	1	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	1	Nice doctor and listens to what you say. I would def recommend him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
50	-1	Dr. Saleem took over my Dr's practice when my Dr retired. I sated with him for 3 1/2 years. He mis diagnosed my chronic condition not once, not twice , but 3 times total. His method of treatment is every prescription imaginable. I regressed so bad under him and he would not listen as I described my previous Dr. treatments and even had my records! It took me over 8 months after leaving his office to get back to where I was. Be prepared to wait and wait and wait as the pharmaceutical reps come and go as you are there. even though the lobby is pretty much empty. His staff does not stay more than 4-6 months because they say he is so difficult to work for. He should not be allowed to practice medicine but I am sure he plays the HMO game really well for McLaren and Genesys so this is why they keep him.  	2	1	2	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
51	1	. Serious Straight forward and very truthful 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
52	1	Had to get a root canal done that was causing severe pain &amp; discomfort. Made an appointment that day &amp; was taken in quickly. This was the first time a dentist took the time to evaluate &amp; take care of the issue at this level. Also, took care of a misdiagnose of another dentist. I recommend this dentist for the Professionalism, prompt, polite staff &amp; correct diagnose on the first try.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
53	1	Great pediatrician 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	Dr Sabb is the best!  She takes up so much time with me and really listens to my issues.  I feel that she is as through as she can be and always willing to run more test.  I feel very comfortable with her as she is easy to talk to.  Whenever I have a problem she usually sees me that same day or the next day.  My daughter and I both see her and she's wonderful with both of us.  I highly recommend her.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
55	1	Dr. Sabb has a great bedside manner, is a good listener, and is the best primary care physician I have had.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Providence
55	1	I really like Dr. Sabb.  She always takes time and listens to my concerns.  She is very knowlegable.  She is also good with kids.  My daughter is afraid of going to the doctor and Dr. Sabb is very good at explaining things to her.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
55	1	I went to many doctors who could not pinpoint my problem. A good friend recommended Dr. Sabb. Am I glad that I listened. She is thoughtful, intelligent, and extremely caring. She listened to me, examined me, and ordered the right tests. I am finally getting the treatment I need. I am now referring all of my friends. THANK YOU Dr. Sabb for giving me my life back. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	Thoughtful and considerate. Very knowledgeable and practical. Listened to my concerns and treated me with the utmost respect. By the way, she has lost a lot of weight(the earlier comment directed toward weight was mean and inconsiderate).  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
55	1	Overall, very well. I have been to doctors in group practice settings and HMOs that were way too busy and the doctors were really messed up as a result. Dr. Sabb does better than most in a busy office with a lot of other doctors and staff. She is very nice to me. 		4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	Helpful, caring, explained my problems in a way that I could understand. She has lost a lot of weight, she looks much better(see earlier, now invalid comment). Recommended by a friend. I now recommend Dr Sabb to all of my friends.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
55	0	Dr. Sabb gives the impression that she couldn't care less about her patients. She does not return phone calls, even in the case when symptoms indicated a serious reaction to prescribed medication. She exhibits other behaviors that indicate a lack of caring (refusing to allow a patient to go to urgent care even when she (the doctor) was unable to see her until the following day). Although knowledgeable, her knowledge of medicine does not translate into good care for her patients. 		2	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	Very knowledgeable thorough physician. Makes recommendations and referrals when necessary. Down to earth and able to talk at my level. Has genuine concern for her patients. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
56	0	I went to Dr. Saidman for a long time when I was young. He's very nice and patient. His receptionist was very nice, but his hygienist was rude and mean. Dr. Saidman used to do very good work, but his quality has declined as he has gotten older. I had to have several of his fillings replaced because he did not drill out enough of the tooth before placing the filling. One of these even led to a root canal. Throughout my childhood, my mom asked him about braces, and he always said that there was no need. When I was 20, he said that I really needed braces. Too bad they were no longer covered by insurance because of my age. I am now paying out of pocket to have braces at age 28. He is very nice, and thorough in his cleanings and diagnoses. I'm only concerned about the quality of his fillings. 	2	5	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
57	-1	 	3	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	Dr. Salhadar is great! My 3mos. old son came into the hospital with RSV and the doctor made sure we knew everything that was going on it detail.  He knows how to talk and what to say to parents that are not medically minded, which is wonderful.  He took great care of our son and he is now on the road to recovery! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	Dr Salhadar is a great pediatrician. He listens to parent concerns and engages the patient. Onsite lab and xray facilitate total care so you don't have to drive around town. He is a kind and happy man. 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
58	-1	Amputated my father's foot instead of just one baby toe. Then wanted to amputate below the knee. Should have had his license revoked years ago. Ruined my Dad's life and shortened it as well. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
59	1	Dr Sabharwal put in my pacemaker and did a excellent job saving my life. He is the best out there. After surgery I was back on my feet in no time. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
59	1	I had to wait in the waiting room a long time; however the doctor was very through and actually listened to me. He answered all my questions and explained my worries, and treated me well.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Henry Ford / HAP
60	1	Honest, Knowlegable, Caring. A++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
60	-1	This doctor resorts to pills regardless of the illness. I have 3 relatives including my self that have seen him for various conditions, and the end result was pain killers, uppers, and downers. No regard to what may happen if you take them all at the same time. I was on a pain killer twice a day, and my problem was not for pain but for agoraphobia. When does a Pain killer cure a Mental Disorder&#63; 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	Dr Barry Saltman is one of the most compassionate, caring doctors I've ever come across. I've been chronically ill for nine years and have known some good doctors, but Barry is different. He feels like family, and knows how to help medically and emotionally.  This man has a heart for the community and it's medical well being. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
61	-1	Hey may be knowledgeable, but he doesn't share his knowledge to help you, only to buy his supplements...at first he was ok but now as a DR treats me with a &quot;couldn't be bothered w/ your issues&quot; attitude...had 2 surgeries and both did not seem very successful considering symptoms were back in 2 months...he seems annoyed if you ask questions, again with the &quot;couldn't be bothered&quot; attitude.  I am looking for new DR who listens, helps &amp; educates me 	4	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	Dr. Saieg is my &quot;go to person&quot; for all and any questions concerning my health.  He listens and educates me.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
61	0	The Dr makes you believe he's a hero. All he wants is your money. Will promise a cure, charged for supplements out of his office for profit. Will dump you after your surgery.  Office manager is a **** 	1	1	1	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
61	1	Highly recommend without reservation  He is the best! He fixed my hormones and sex drive. My husband loves him as much as I do. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	I love Dr. Saieg!  He has been such a blessing in my life. He helped to identify a blood clot disorder, casein allergy and many imbalances. He has saved me from depression and anxiety through the use of supplements, consultation, great conversation and chelation therapy (heavy metal detox). As I have become ready and more knowledgeable, he has been there to help me with the next step. He is always a phone call away and returns my calls personally w/in minutes every time.  He is truly amazing and I've been a patient for a couple of years thus far.  He even met w/ me and my husband and helped me through a panic attack when I was at my worst. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
61	0	I liked the fact that he ran extensive blood work on me; however, he made you feel &quot;stupid&quot; when reviewing the report.  He put me on estrogen, despite a previous blood clot, and I suffered another one.  He could have killed me!  I recommended him to a friend who said he did not like you to ask questions, and told her that she &quot;was not capable of making decisions&quot;.  This is a professional career women who is going through menapause.  He has a terrible bedside manner.  	4	3	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
61	0	I've been a patient for five years. I have always waited AT LEAST ONE HOUR for hiim to come in the room for my appointment. He is NOT EMPATHETIC OR GENUINE. He made me feel that I was neurotic and over reacting. aCTUALLY, I just needed to get my hormones AND THYROID in balance!!! The last 2 times I needed prescription refills I called the nurse/medication refill phone line. I waited 4-5 days and still no refills. I then had to call the receptionist who took care of the problem. The only reason why I see him is because he is a MD who prescribes bio-identical hormones; thus Blue Cross pays for the some of the costs.  I NEED A NEW DOCTOR!!! 	5	1	1	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
61	1	I've been going to Dr. Saieg for several years. I find he now no longer listens to my concerns as he did when I was a new pt. He prescribes hormone therapy annually without checking my hormone levels, i.e. lab values. I have Medicare & BCBS and I still have to pay $125.00 out of pocket for an annual exam. The last 2 times I needed prescription refills I called the nurse/medication refill phone line. I waited 4-5 days and still no refills. I then had to call the receptionist who took care of the problem. I have another friend who was a long time pt. who also left Dr. Saieg for similar reasons.  	2	3	2	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
61	1	Dr. Saieg is the only doctor I will ever go to. He delivered me and now me being an adult I am seeing him. He listens and he is there for his patients. He will bend over backwords for his patients.  The stagg is also awesome, very friendly and helpful! LOVE IT! 	5	2	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
61	1	This is an exceedingly knowledgeable doctor that listens,then tests, and then makes a plan to get you healthy so your problem goes away. I am very impressed with him and his office staff.  My hormones were a mess and with his knowledge of bioidentical hormones my sex life and marriage are now back on track!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	She is seriously the best obgyn! I love her she is the most caring doctor I had an extremely rough pregnancy and birth I was on bed rest for most of it because of preterm labor issues. She would call me all the time just to see how I was doing. When I stayed in the hospital for the preterm labor she called there everyday even when I know she wasn't working to the point the doctors there were getting annoyed with her but it just shows how much she really cared and I knew I was being taken care of.  I couldn't have found a better doctor! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	1	Dr Sabbagh is so sweet. I randomly picked her off my insurance website list and I sure lucked out! She is so sweet and truly cares. She delivered my daughter and everything went beautifully! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
62	-1	Compared to other OBGYN's I've gone to before, she rushes appointments and is hard to understand.  Doesn't answer questions clearly.  I left feeling uneasy everytime. 	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
62	-1	Been to this doctor a few times as a new patient since my insurance changed.  She doesn't seem to listen to you when you discuss your medical history, she seems to smile and say what you want to hear.  Very hard to communicate openly with, I've had much better doctors - I will be looking elsewhere for a new one.  	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:CIGNA
62	1	very helpful,and excelent doctor, always following up on her patient and responding to any question and any patient concern, very good communication skills and bed side maner, i recommend dr sabbagh to my friend and my family 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	Dr. Sabbagh helped deliver my son. She was the best doctor I could have hoped for. She has a wonderful bed side manner and makes you feel like she is a friend of yours and she really cares. My last day in the hospital she wasnt even scheduled to work, she came in just to see how I was doing. WOnderful doctor cant say enough good things about her. Nurses are friendly as well...the only down side is the wait time was too much. If you have other small children or somwhere to be plan on being there for at least 2 to three hours each visit.  	5	1	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
63	1	I have been going to Dr. Sakr for many years and she has done an excellent job helping me to get my hypertension &amp; cholesterol under control and get back to good health.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
63	1	Felt like Dr. Sakr really cared about my concerns and my health, and I didn't feel rushed with her. She was very pleasant and professional, I'd definitely recommend her. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
63	-1	Doctor sees several patients at the same time. Walking in and out having you there for over an hour for routine examinations. How can you possibly focus your attention and provide a good quality attention like that&#63; Definitely would never recommend this type of doctor. 	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	great doctor. very caring and kind hearted. i go to dr sakr for all my health concerns.i would recommend her to anyone!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	We have been patients of this Dr. for many years and he continually inspires us to stay in good health. His sense of humor is contagious and his knowledge is awesome.  Lisa, his receptionist/assn't is always efficent and pleasant, as is Patty who answers the phones.  We are proud to be patients of this fine physician.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
64	1	My husband and I cannot speak highly enough about Dr. Samarian and his staff. This Dr. goes out of his way to listen to you, and always with patience and a sense of humor, which is so appreciated by a patient.  We highly recommend Dr. Samarian to anyone who wants a caring, up-to-date physician that you can always reach! Thanks to all at this office for that you do for the patients.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
64	1	I have been going to Dr. Bruce Samarian for about 15 years.  My mother and her boyfriend recommended him.  Now I couldn't imagine seeing anyone else.  He won't **** you, he will tell it like it is.  If you need to lose weight, try some new medication, take a test, or do anything you may be uncomfortable with or afraid of, he will not hesitate to tell you what you need to do for yourself.  He's funny, a wonderful listener, and extremely knowledgeable.  Once he develops a good raport with you, and you can't come in due to work schedule, or finances, he will be sure to contact you before the end of his workday.  Lisa, his main nurse and front scheduler is amazing as well.  Anything you need, she will take care of it.  I don't know if he accepts any new patients anymore, but I would highly recommend him to anyone.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	1	My husband and I have been going to Dr. Bruce Samarian for many years. He and his staff are very unique and knowledgeable in the respect that if you need him, he is always there for you.  Phone calls are returned the same day and if need be, you can get in to see him that same day, which is not the case with many other Doctors.  As a diagnostician, he can't be beat.  I would not hesitate to recommend him to anyone needing an outstanding Internal Medicine Dr. who also happens to have compassion and possesses a good sense of humor as well. I also might add that his staff will go out of their way for you and this is so important from a patient's point of view. I give top rating to this Doctor and his staff.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
64	1	Dr. Samarian is one of the best doctors in the area 	5	5	3	5 	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	This doctor always has time to talk with you and I never feel rushed during an appointment. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	Dr. Sanchez is very polite and professional.  He shows a genuine interest in his patient's well being and works with great care when prescribing medications.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
67	1	Great Dr and office! She is always very helpful and easy to talk to and ask questions.  My kids love her too! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	1	From the moment my daughter was born, Dr. Sanchez has been amazing. I was a first time mom, with the baby blues, and a baby with colic. She was my advocate when the nurses were bullying me to give my daughter a supplement bottle in the hospital. I always felt comfortable going into the office to see her. She's very knowledgeable and has a great manner with kids. 4 years later she has a great relationship with my daughter. The other great thing about Dr. Sanchez is the office nurse. As most first time mom's I was worried by everything. The office nurse would advise me as to whether she needed to come into the office or not. My daughter and I love her and so do many of my friends.  In fact, I have sent dozens of people to her and never heard a bad word back! 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	1	I have had a few mistakes with the scheduler.  First time made appt with the wrong doctor, next time they cancelled my appt for no reason...totally their mistake, The lady who I think is the office manager is TERRIBLE, long hair and just unfriendly and if I didn't like the doctor I would probably have left this practice, a few run ins and I am a very easygoing person, rarely have problems with people. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	If you are looking for a caring and wonderful doctor You can't ask for a better Dr. than Dr. Salimi! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	After being too every GI in MI including Ann Arbor, Dr Salimi did a expermential treatment and diagnosed Me with Crhon's disease.  I was undergoing blood transfusions and many other medical procedures, at the time, but after seeing Dr Salimi I have lived a normal life, with the occasional flare up, he truley is a caring guywho does a great job!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	1	I will NEVER be able to find another Dr like Dr. Salimi! He is the most amazing, down to earth Dr. I have ever had, he always explains everything very thorough to me and makes sure I understand. The staff in his office are also the nicest staff I have interacted with. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	I have been a patient of Dr Salimi's for about 10 years.  The nurse at my family Drs office recommended him to me as that is who who she sees.  I had been sick with Ulcerative Colitis and told there was nothing else my current Dr knew to do for me.  I spent my late teens and early 20s very sick, and I credit Dr Salimi with the full, normal life I am able to lead now.  Dr Salimi is kind and compassionate.  He never rushes me and makes sure all my questions are answered.   If this means I have to wait while he extends this care to other patients, it is worth it to me.  Dr Salimi treats every patient like family and has even gone so far as to call me at home in the evenings and Sunday to make sure I am doing ok and to answer questions.  He even called my husband into his office shortly after we were married to discuss my condition and what it could mean for us.  I am so glad I found this Dr when I did! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	the most compassioante, caring dr. i have ever had. recommend him to all my friends and family.  he is the best!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	1	The best docter I have ever been to, his bedside manner is what other Drs. should strive for. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
68	0	The most harrowing experience of my medical history.  I was left on a gurney for a delay of three hours . It was reminescent of being behind a curtain in an emergency room.  people moaning, groaning and even discussing a pending medical litigation.  That experience was embarrasing and  frightening.  As I have had two previous out of state colonscopies, I feel that I can ojectively evaluate the Salimi experience.  No contest. To begin, tis doctor over prescribes the home colon cleansing medications.  I have this on good medical authority.  It is, no doubt, done to over compensate for those patients do NOT take all of the ill-tasting stuff. I have always had a medical doctor give the anesthetis in the past.  Not so at this place.  I suspect that I was not given enough sedation during the procedure to compensate for the three hours of apprehension.  This man wrote in a report that I was a &quot;delightful patient&quot;    He does not know me.  Ever heard the expression, &quot;BALOGNA&quot; 	2	1	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
68	-1	I accompanied my mother here last year and they were running an hour behind already (this was in the morning).  When I was able to see her I was surprised to find the recovery area to be basically one open room separated by curtains.  I could clearly hear the doctor and nurses talking to other patients and felt very uncomfortable about the lack of privacy.  When Dr. Salimi met with me to inform me about the procedure, he didn't introduce himself but rather loudly commented on how restless my mother had become during the procedure. I was appalled that he would mention something like this and it upset my mother.  He also indicated due to my family history I may consider coming in to visit him earlier than recommended to have the same procedure.  He then proceeded to try to guess my age and I assume he must have seen the mortified look on my face and he quickly lowballed his guess to mid twenties when I am late thirties. Nice try.  Never going back. 	3	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	The BEST DOCTOR IN THE WORLD. HE SAVED MY LIFE. I had seen many GI drs. I had given up with no drs helping my severe ulcerative colitis &amp; almost did not wait in his office, but I would have had less than 6 months to live as he found colon cancer.  His bedside manner is IMMEASURABLE. I wrote him a letter to thank him for everything he did after I was sent for cancer surgery at UofM AA &amp; giving me a new life. He is a SPECIAL CARING DR as he wrote me back a beautiful spiritual letter with God's blessings for future success.  He told me I am not just a patient, but I am part of his family for LIFE! I have worked for many drs &amp; never seen anything so genuine &amp; true. He is very kind, gentle.  He spends as much time as you need.  He comforted me when I heard I had cancer.  This dr is priceless &amp; I can't say enough nice words about him. I sent my father to him &amp; he rants &amp; haves about how GREAT this dr is.This dr LOVES his job &amp; really CARES about his pts. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.He is 1 of a kind. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	MY UNCLE WAS MENTALLY HANDICAPPED AND WENT TO DOCTOR SALIMI FOR SEVERAL YEARS. HE TREATED HIM WITH THE BEST BEDSIDE MANNER I HAVE EVER SEEN. HE ALWAYS MADE HIM FEEL SPECIAL. HE IS A WONDERFUL DOCTOR, AND A VERY CARING, COMPASSIONATE MAN. I HAVE SO MUCH RESPECT FOR HIM AND RECCOMMEND HIM 100%.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
68	1	Dr. Salimi is the most professional, yet humane doctor I have ever had the pleasure of dealing with.  I could go on forever about how good of a doctor he is (let's say I feel comfortable enough to have endoscopy without sedation) and how well he treats his patients (I saw him in the mall one day and he not only recognized me but knew my name!) If you need a gastroenterologist and you can see him, consider yourself lucky! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	-1	Extremely patronizing, arrogant, and unhelpful.  If he can't find a diagnosis quickly, he will assume you have psychiatric problems.  Another doctor discovered my real gastroenterological problem, not this **** autocrat.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
68	1	I was recommended to Dr Salimi by my father, and am SO thankful to have met Dr. Salimi. He is the utmost professional, and personal doctor i have ever met. I always leave his office feeling good about myself, and my health.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	1	Great physician, patients love him and will wait for him because he will spend time with each individual. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	Dr. Salimi exudes the professionalism and care that every Dr. should have towards their patients new or old. I'll never go to another Dr. for the single reason of his responsibility and passion in his job, more importantly his patients.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	1	He is one of the best doctors I have ever dealt with for myself and my 3 children he is very caring and his office staff is too.I have 2 children with major medical conditions and he is allways ther same as with the staff he has helped me a lot and the same for his staff.I would not change having him for the world and we allways see him so I don't know what people are talking about he is the best. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	I've been seeing this doctor for a long time and wouldn't feel comfortable seeing anyone else. I used to have serious trust issues, but I'm starting to trust my doctor and feel that he does care about his patients. He also tries to take the time to listen to your problems. I would tell others to see this doctor.  	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Medicare
69	-1	This doctor is way to busy to care about patients, he and his partner only care about making money by cramming in as many patients as they can. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
69	-1	I went to him for a couple years after he bought out the practice of my favorite doctor.  He never once ran any blood work on me.  After a car accident where I was in the ICU for 3 days they wanted me to follow up with him about the pain in my nose and ribs, he didn't touch me and told me I needed to take a vacation.  If you are male he runs tests for a runny nose (MRI, you name it).   It is a waste of time going to him! 	1	3	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	0	I've been seeing this doctor for a long time.Most of the time I would see one of his PA's.I'm still not sure about him.Guess I have a hard time trusting him.Sometimes I think he cares and seem's pretty nice.Other times I feel as if there is need to defend myself.I'm bipolar and do not feel that he has any idea as to what someone with bipolar goes through with the ups and downs.Part of being a good doctor is being able to empathize and understand what the individual is going through.Mental health is just as important as your physical well being.I'm just not sure he understands at all about mental illness and the toll it takes on a person and their life.Its not easy having bipolar and trying to get through this life the best you can.If you even come across this Dr. Saeed I hope you try to understand more about mental illness and the toll it takes on your patients.Its not something you can just snap out of.  	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Medicare
70	1	Dr. Sams has been my doctor of choice ever since he worked at the office at 11 Mile and Hoover.  He has a common sense, proactive approach and never prescribes medicine unless it's actually needed.  He wants his patients to take responsibility for making good choices about their own health.  Dr. Sams is an active listener and a caring, open-minded, wise, encouraging, thorough doctor.  He maintains a polite demeanor even when extremely frustrated. His treatments have always helped me regain my health.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
70	1	Dr. Sams is one of the finest doctors I've ever had.  He takes time not just to listen, but to understand what is wrong.  Not afraid to make a tough call when it is warranted, but willing to work with the patient for the best results for *that* patient.  He has my highest regards, he is a family doctor of the highest caliber.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Henry Ford / HAP
70	1	Dr. Sams was the first doctor that ever asked me, &quot;So what is going on in your life&#63;&quot; when I came in with stress symptoms. He is a wonderful, caring listener and is open to combining alternative as well as traditional medicine. I moved away, so I can't go to him anymore, but I wish I could.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
70	1	. Always is willing to listen and explain things to his patients 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
71	-1	I tried to book an appointment,I have insurance but not a good enough one for the holier that thou Dr Sadoff, so I was told I would have to pay cash but they wouldn't tell me just  how much the visit is,because apparently &quot;it depends on what she does&quot;...,oh how convenient.I detected a tone of relief and joy when I replied  that that is just unacceptable.In other words , Dr sadoff is just another greedy unsympathetic doctor, who not even your cash is good enough for.Dermatologists like her are a dime a dozen ,I really don't get where she gets off alienting people who can pay cash(after she rejects your insurance). 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
71	1	Every aspect of my visit was excellent !My waiting time was very short and my visit with the doctor was excellent.  I felt very good upon leaving ! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
71	1	I went to Dr. Sadoff for an exam and was extremely impressed by how thorough she was and how knowledgeable she was. She took her time, answered all my questions and put me at ease. She's a great doctor and I would recommend her to friends and family. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
71	1	Dr. Sadoff is extremely helpful. I have seen her several times where she has explained every procedure and diag. has put my mind at ease. She has an excellent bedside manner with a very caring nature. I would highly recommend her to family and friends. I have already made a new appointment at her new office.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
71	1	I would recommend Dr Sadoff to friends and family.  She was very helpful and explained everything that we asked her.  Dr. Sadoff was kind and respectful in her approach and for our follow-up.  I felt she was very knowledgable and gave us clear manageable treatment regimen.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
71	-1	Maybe she's a good doctor, but I wouldn't know since in 3 visits she spent about a total of 7 minutes with me.  On my last visit, she was on here way out of the room when I asked her a question.  She answered it while continuing to walk out of the room then shut the door when she finished.  I went to her for acne, which maybe didn't seem like an important problem to her, but I was paying for the visit and I think she should have stayed with me until my concerns were addressed.  	4	4	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
71	1	She is very knowledgable and has a great personality - depending on the day she can be kind of rushed.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
71	1	I went to this doctor because of the good rating I found here. I was very pleased with the visit. The doctor and staff are very pleasant and I only had to wait about 30 minutes. She took care of my problem completely and has a nice personality. All my questions were answered fully and I didn't feel rushed.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
71	1	Dr. Sadoff is an excellent physician who has helped me greatly over many years.  She is highly knowledgeable, has a pleasant personality, and is very professional.  I recommend her very highly.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
72	1	Dr. Sabal takes time to hear my concerns and is always very respectful with me.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Henry Ford / HAP
72	1	Dr. Sabal &amp; her staff are the best Around! They are kind, prompt, educated &amp; willing to go the extra mile for their patients. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
72	-1	Good for pills, that's all. Has everyone i know doped up on meds. Once shes caught, she will drop you as her doctor. Gets you hooked then gets rid of you. Never offers to help you. 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	Been seeing her since I was a kid. It's been 15 years, followed her to 3 different locations. She limits her amount of patients so I never have a problem getting an appointment when I come home from college.She tested me for swine flu when my campus doctors assumed i was fine and sent me home telling to take tylenol. Turns out I really was sick. She's very in favor of preventative vaccines. She makes me feel comfortable telling her anything and woman oriented visits are way less awkward. She calls with test results as soon as she can. Normally blood test results are the same night. Sometimes the next day. She took many insurance plans I have been on. She is also very talented at lancing small cysts. I trust her judgements. She knows and treats my entire family. I plan to stick with her as long as possible. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
72	-1	Paid too much over the years for nothing. Rude staff (if you don't have insurance they treat you like scum)It's a pill mill, that's all. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	Awesome.  Gives you plenty of time and and attention.  Very good. Great follw up.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Henry Ford / HAP
72	1	Ive been seeing Dr.Sabal since  was a kid. She is helpful and very knowledgeable. She is always there for me when i need her for something. Her officer staff isn't very friendly (at all) but she is great. I just wish her staff weren't so rude. I recommend her highly. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	Best Docter I have ever had! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
73	-1	Didn't know about my report that was sent to him. Almost gave wrong meds.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
73	-1	Met this Dr. in the ER his partner Dr. Kraft was very nice. 	3	3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
73	-1	Didn't seem to be aware that heart symptoms were different in women than in men. 	4	4	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
74	1	Very nice doctor with good people skills.  	 5/12/09	5	3	5	Insurance:Medicare
75	1	Reliable and helpful service to my family for many years. Hard to get an appointment unless you are sick. Saturday hours for emergencies are nice for the kids. 		2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
76	1	He is a great Dr. and as the other comments have already said, he is thoughtful, caring and willing to take his time with you.  good luck finding that in this day and age anymore!!! i feel fortunate to have been recommended to him! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
76	1	I love Dr Salvia, he has been my dr for over 15 years.  He always spends as much time as I want, to explain things, talk things over with me, he's my kids dr too, I trust him to the max, xoxoo 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
76	1	He has been my primary care physician since 1996 and he was recommended to me from a personal friend.At that time i was in a car accident and suffering from severe back pain. He recommended all my physical therapists, neurologists and eventually the surgeon who did my surgery in 2003. I feel thankful he is my doctor, friend and great human being. I feel i can talk to him openly about any medical or personal issues. I highly recomend him and thank him for all he has done for me.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
76	-1	I went in for a muscle strain in my lower back, which I had previously experienced and my old Dr. prescribed Motrin 800 &amp; Darvocet so I expected something of the same. Dr. Salvia came on very strong telling me about his wife who he treated with pain meds for over 20yrs and eventually died under his care, I listened, felt sorry for him! As he was ending the visit and as he got up to leave the room he told me to wait a Nurse would be in to give me my scripts and he'd see me in a month. He prescribed Oxycotin and Soma&#63; I had them filled at the local Pharmacy when I am know for small thing such as OTC cold remedies and so om. When the Scripts were ready the Pharmist had a BLANK look on her face (I knew her from scripts for my kids)she asked what was wrong and I told her my back was acting up when she informed me the risks of the highly addictive meds, I was completley shocked, she told me to be careful. Returning for my check up he continued prescribing, now Im ADDICTED and knows it&#63; CREEP 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
76	1	He is a wonderful doctor.  He is always running late, but that is because he spends time with every patient and answers all your questions.  I don't mind waiting for him because I know he won't rush me and will spend all the time that I need, answering my questions.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Henry Ford / HAP
76	1	. He is usually running a little late, but always answers all your questions, really takes the time to listen, he truly seems to care about you as a person! Love him! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
76	1	He was kind, took as much time as was needed, and made sure we understood why he was doing everything he was. It was nice to have a doctor care about his patients enough to take his time. I don't care if he is always running late, it is worth it to have a doctor actually listen and answer ALL your questions. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
76	1	Dr Salvia has been my primary Dr since 1978 and I wouldn't go anywhere else. He always listens to you and talks to you on your level...if you don't understand something he takes the time to explain. And he takes time with you...that's why he is always running behind schedule...I would rather see someone who doesn't rush you than one that does. 	 4/24/07		4	5	Insurance:Unknown
76	1	Dr.Salvia has been my Dr, for over a decade, and is THE best around. I hope he never retires, but thats being selfish on my part, he deserves a great retirement. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
76	1	Dr. Salvia is a fantastic doctor. He takes the time to listen and talk to you, and doesn't rush you. The only downside is that he is always running behind because he takes his time with everyone. IMHO, I'd rather wait for him and know that I'm going to get all the time I need with him, rather than getting in on time, but only seeing a doctor for 2 minutes.  		3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
77	1	Very though exam, Very nice Doctor.  Dr Ray is very good at adjusting my difficult back.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	1	Dr. Salah is a dentist you don't have to be afraid to go to! The office has cutting edge technology and the staff is professional and friendly. With all of the dentists in practice, it can be difficult to know who to go to, but if you're looking for a dentist-for-life, Dr. Salah is certainly a sound choice (plus, he's pretty cute too).  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
79	1	I was greeted by the front desk with a warm smile and a hand shake. The dentist was so friendly and knowledgeable. He spent allot of time with me discussing why I was there and made me feel like I was a member of his family. I am so happy I found Dr. Sadler and I will continue to give him my business. S.  Minarik 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
79	1	He is one of the best dentists I've ever been to. Great with kids. I would recommend him to anyone. Also has the best staff around, very friendly and courteous. I always feel like one of the family when I go for my appointment.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
80	1	Dr. Rick Saier proved to be a  , personable and extremely wise internist while addressing my medical conditions when the symptoms strayed from the classic textbook examples. I've seen several other doctors in the recent past who didn't know what to test for in order to determine the cause or best treatment for symptoms. He has a  much broader knowledge  of metabolic and endocrine disorders. I sensed he really cares about seeing me recover. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	Dr. Saier is a rarity these days.  He spent plenty of time doing the initial physical, transcribed all his notes and gave me a copy and sent me for tests that were very beneficial.  He even called on the phone to give the test results and a course of action.  On subsequent visits it was obvious that he had carefully gone over my records and made notes before entering the examining room.   His demeanor is friendly and respectful and he has great empathy for older patients or those with disabilities.  I would highly recommend this physician.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Henry Ford / HAP
81	1	I wouldn't trust my knees to anyone else.  He is an expert. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
81	-1	I felt really rushed and he didn't seem to be very friendly or couteous. I had a cast put on and was evaluated by him in 10-15 mins. He didn't ask about my pain scale or offer me any pain medication for my broken hand nor did he go over cast instructions. Overall I would not reccommend him. I was not happy with her service as a doctor. However his staff was very friendly better then he ever could be.  	5	4	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
81	0	Always felt rushed by Dr. Salama, and when questions were asked, he didn't always provide answers. He seemed less interested in my concerns following surgery, and shrugged them off each time I asked. On the bright side, the staff was always courteous, helpful, friendly and professional.  	4	4	2	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
82	1	Nice enough but bedside manner really not so great.  He was obviously in a hurry especially after I waited for over an hour to see him.  He really is just okay.  	5	2	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
82	1	He is so gentle and nice.  Plus I asked a bunch of questions and he gladly answered them.  I never felt rushed.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
83	1	Have had all positive experiences with Dr. Sackett for myself, my husband, and two of my children over this past year.  He makes me extremely happy that we are no longer on an insurance plan that requires us to go to Spectrum, I cannot remember the last time I had a doctor who was respectful, accurate, and seemed to care more about my family than what we pay as we leave the officer.  Each member of our family is delighted that we've chosen him as our physician.  We're always seen the day we call if something comes up last minute and we're always pleased with his help and knowledge. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
83	1	I have had very good experiences with Dr. Sackett. Very good doctor. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	Dr. Sabharwal is a talented physician.  She was my pediatrician as a child (age 11-18), and now I bring my four children to see her.  She knows her stuff and truly cares about the health and welfare of children.  Other reviews have indicated that she is brusque and uncaring which is untrue.  She is very serious about what she does, which is a good thing.  If you mistakenly think that she is rude, then you don't know her.  She is willing to call you back at home, and she remembers details about you/your children which is nice.  She always comments on how beautiful my babies are and is very kind.  She is great.  Only drawback is the wait time which is sometimes frustrating.  Other than that, I can say that she is the best around! 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	I've been going to Dr. Sabharwal for almost 20 years. She's friendly, caring, and ready for questions. I couldn't have asked for a better pediatrician! 	 12/6/10	4	4	4	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	Dr, Sabharwal is great with my kids, and she has been our pediatrician for the past 18 years.  We were referred to her by our neighbor, and have been very satisified since.  The only negative is ocassionally we have to wait for our appointment, but she is never in a rush once she sees you. 	 12/2/10	5	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	OK, so she is not the bubbliest and her digs are not palacial.  But, she heard my 2mo's murmor when no one else did.  Very convenient location for Punjabi population, so she's busy. But always seems to work us in. Wife is MD and settled with her based on knowledge and experience. If you want pieces of flair, not for you. But absolutly trust her with my kids health. 	3	1	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
84	-1	She was assigned to me at St. Marys when my child was born. I thought she was rude and unhelpful. I found a different doctor for my child so I only had to deal with her once at the hospital and according to all these reviews I'm glad I never went to her.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
84	1	She is knowledgable. But lot depends on her mood. If she is in good mood she give good time and explainitions. If not then she is curt. I feel she uses more of a defensive approach - Does Lot of tests which sometimes I feel are not be required.  	3	3	3	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
84	1	Terrible service, there was no diaper changing facility at the office and we had to wait 2 hours after the appointment time before the doctor saw us.  By that time my 1 month old was bawling her eyes out. The trouble we went through for a routine checkup was not worth it.  	1	1	2	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
84	-1	After 2 years of her I have had it and moving on. she is unkind to children, insulted me of smelling bad and she is some kind of a realationship with obgyns at St. Mary where she gets to be chosen as the pediatrician. Otherwise she will have a hard time getting patients. I will never ever go to her again. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
84	-1	Agree with previous ratings - Dr. Sabharwal is not friendly with children and does not appear to know me or my child after several visits. She was assigned to me at St. Mary's where my child was born. I should've done my research! Not friendly, seems to cater more to Indian families than non-Indian families... 	1	1	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
84	0	Dr. Veena is a smart woman but is very harsh and not friendly to small children. She has little patience for little patients. I am surprised that she is a childrens Dr. because she is cold and unfriendly. The only positive attribute I can add is that she is extremly thorough. I have never felt rushed during our visits but the wait to see her is too long for parents and little ones. 	4	2	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
84	-1	After 11 year, I've finally given up. 1 hour or more waiting after our appointment time really gives you time to notice that there are too many patients, not enough rooms, not enough waiting room chairs, etc. Sorry, but it's true. 		1	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
84	-1	The wait was too long to see her. She never spent more than five minutes to see the child. She di not seem to be concerned about my baby and was rushing to see the next patient. 		2	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
84	-1	Late and is always in a rush. Was not concerned with the child's welfare. Rushing to move to the next patient. Will not recommend her. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	. not very communicative, does not explain well; not gentle with small kids 		3	3	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
85	1	I found Dr. Sahn and his staff to be very helpful, friendly, and professional. Whenever I have needed to contact them, they have always returned my calls promptly. My condition has improved greatly since being treated by Dr. Sahn. I have and will continue to recommend my family and friends who may be in need of his services and expertise. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
85	-1	My daughter saw Dr. Sahn as required by my auto insurance (AAA)regarding a closed head injury that the insurance had been paying for her treatment.   After a year and half of treatment the insurance requested an evaluation by Dr. Sahn.She has pediatric neurologists at U of M as well as a neurologist who specializes in headaches.Dr. Sahn, despite his credentials failed.  Dr. Sahn,rendered his opinion that our daughter was fine insurance benefits were cut off. How can one doctor over rule other doctors our daughter has seen for treatment&#63;It breaks my heart to think that physicians,like Dr. Sahn, whom have taken an oath as a doctor to &quot;do no harm&quot;  has set aside ethics and morals  for the financial gain. It is obvious to me that it benefits the insurance company to have &quot;experts&quot; like this on their payroll,   you find yourself being forced to see Dr. Sahn, by your auto insurance for a &quot;second opinion&quot;, all I can say is good luck.If you have any questions, contact me at michaelamee@aol.com 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	Very Polite good patient - doctor relationship. Really seems to care about your overall health. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	Excellent communication, kind and caring,office staff average, i definitely recommend her. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
86	-1	Very poor Doctor-pt. relationship 	5	2	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
87	-1	Shocked when I saw my records.  He said horrible things about me. I had my husband with me during appointments. His office staff was extremely rude and did not want to give me my records.  There was nothing good from my visit with him. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
87	-1	Neurology exams should be very thorough. His consisted only of a pupil check, BP check and reflex check. Otherwise all he wanted to do was order tests. Didn't listen to me. Very cheap, doesn't even have sheets or gowns in his office for patients to wear for any tests. Didn't figure out what was wrong with me but told me to come back in four months.  For what&#63; 	4	4	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
88	1	Dr Sanchez is one of the most kind Doctor I ever met. Highly recomended doctor. J.Fdez 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	I fodund Dr. Sanchez to be very concerned and helpful regarding my condition.  She got me into surgery within days.  She talked to my family as soon as the surgery was over and talked to me before I left recovery.   She was pleasant, professional, and I felt like she cared that I was in pain and rectified that as soon as possible, 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
89	1	He is the most patient and caring doctor I have ever been to!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
90	1	Excellent doctor!  I have bad anxiety with dentists; especially with little enamel on my teeth.  His wife and staff are the best you could ever hope for.  You're needs are #1.  Highly recommend!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	Dr. Saad and her staff are warm, friendly, and offer the best care I have ever received from a dental office. I'd highly recommend her to anyone looking for a new dentist. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	Dr Saluja is an exceptional doctor for diagnoses.  She diagnosed my mother after her situation was not figured out by many specialists for over two years and she was in so much pain.  Dr Saluja took personal interest in making sure she understood the problem and did her best to help us.  I would recommend her to anyone.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
92	-1	She is the WORST doctor I have ever been to! At first, I actually did like her, seemed sympathetic, etc. Ordered tests, xrays, Spect scan etc. BUT, would never give you the results! And yes, do NOT question her, or she acts offended. I have arthritis all over and combination of 7 spinal surgeries. The more I saw her( over 2 years) the more confused in her talk, speech etc. she got. Her staff is horrible as well. The spect scan is the main test she would NOT tell me the results. Turns out I showed these to Ortho surgeon and he was so angry that she didn't refer me immediately for major spinal fusions on both neck and lumbar spine! After  I had my surgeries, she decided for me that she would not longer be my RA doc! Really&#63; I still arthritis elsewhere! I knew a lot of other pts. that went to her and was getting same bad treatment. We all left her. I am still waiting for all testing results &amp; chart to be sent to me as well. Two office visits are missing that was sent to me! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
92	-1	If Dr. Saluja is knowledgable, she does not communicate well.  After 6 visits with uncountable tests (several blood workups, multiple xrays, cat scans and MRIs) I had to ask her what she thought was wrong.  Her bedside manner is demeaning and her time spent with patients is strictly her talking - don't even try to ask questions. 	1	2	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
92	-1	No bedside manner whatsoever. Very rude. Changed to another Doctor.  	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
92	1	Dr.Saluja is an excellent doctor. She is working with me and my pain.She wants you to take part in your care and not be a bystander,aka look it up on the internet. She wants you to be active in feeling better.She is willing to try whatever there is to help you out of pain.She has also made a world of difference for my husband. I would recommend her to anyone at anytime that has chronic pain such as fibromyalgia and arthritis.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
92	1	I saw her about 4 times. Each time, I was seen no less than 90 minutes past my appointment time. The first time I was in, I was diagnosed within 10 minutes, but I was given no information- I asked questions, then was told to look them up online! One prescription I was given caused extreme swelling, and I was told that I just needed to lose some weight (I am 5'3&quot; and 120 lbs). Each time I went, I was frustrated, got no answers, and I gave up and found another doctor.  	3	1	3	4 	Insurance:Aetna
92	0	I went to see her twice each time I waited over an hour. Within minutes she diagnoised me. Second visit same wait time she stood at the door of the room wrote me out 3 prescriptions and was done. Between 5-10 min. visit. I never even got to ask the questions I had written down. Since I had never heard of Psoriatic arthritis i questioned her let me tell you she didn't like that and cut me right off. I believe now that is what I might have but I'd never go back to her.  	1	1	1	4 	Insurance:Aetna
92	0	Dr Saluja switched my medications and after a week of pain I went back and she looked at me as if I was stupid and asked why I stopped taking them. I always had to wait over 45 minutes. The office staff was rude. Dr Salujahe was rude and unwilling to listen to my concerns.  	1	1	2	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
92	1	Dr. Saluja is the first medical professional that really seemed to believe that I had the pain that I do and immediately found me an answer that made sense.  When you fill out the patient history/questionnaire completely, it gives the doctor a full picture of what's going on.  I filled mine out methodically and almost obsessively which may have helped her in diagnosing me so quickly.  I've only seen her once, but the medication she prescribed is already helping.  One of them may be affecting me differently than expected, but I have complete faith that when I see her in a week, she will listen to what I'm feeling and will find a solution for me.  I've dealt with and known enough doctors to know that the good ones are busy and sometimes appear to be 'short' or quick when talking with patients.  But you know what&#63;  It's usually because they know their stuff.  I trust Dr. Saluja completely to be honest and thorough.  I know she cares and just wants to fix what's wrong quickly.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
92	0	I was also younger than most people she sees.I felt she just ran test after test. Had me on every kind of pill and patch etc.out there.She also came across demeaning.Especially when I would ask questions. She even rolled her eyes. I have some knowledge of the medical field. And have always had a good rapport with doctors.We have also move to other states, and never encountered a doctor like her. She was not in my health plan. No RA's at the time in my plan.I picked her for her location. Not a choice.  	3	2	2	3 	Insurance:Henry Ford / HAP
92	1	Dr Saluja is an excellent, kind, and caring doctor.  I recommend her every one. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
92	-1	Ok doctor but seemed frustrated that I was so young with RA. I didn't feel like she wanted to help me. 	3	1	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
93	1	Dr. Saker is very knowledgeable, especially with lung conditions.  He was very concerned with managing my asthma and my long-term health.  Spent lots of time with me going over symptoms, test results, etc.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
93	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
94	1	I have been going to doctor Samyn for a while now and couldn't be happier.  She and her staff are very knowledgeable and professional.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Henry Ford / HAP
94	1	Dr. Samyn is a wonderful doctor.  I recommend her to anyone.  She listens to her patients and has a great personality and bedside manner. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
95	1	Helpful &amp; caring, takes a lot of time with patient.  Should schedule appointments better so there is not such a long wait.  	4	1	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
95	1	Dr. Samuel is great! The wait times CAN be long but as another person mentioned it's because he takes as much time as you need to explain everything and answer all questions! I'll wait 60 minutes any day of the week as long as he takes his time with me, even if it is only 5! The staff is ok though there does seem to be some pretty high turnover that leads to some interesting issues getting prescriptions filled and making appointments but meeting with DR. Samuel is still worth it.  	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
95	0	Average wait time is 90 minutes on a good day, 3 hours on a bad day.  Has a constant rotation of nurses, whenever they quit/are fired he has his mother answering phones, resulting in important messages about medication refills not reaching him because she has no idea what you are talking about.  This is downright dangerous for those with a seizure history.  Takes 3-5 days to get a refill during a *good* week.  Suggests the same medications that do not work at each visit.  	3	1	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
95	1	Dr. Samuel diagnosed me even when the Cleveland Clinic and the University of Michigan failed me.  He got me my quality of life back.  On the advice of another doctor, I am now trying a neurologist who specializes in my condition but would go back to Dr. Samuel in a heartbeat if it doesn't work out.  My only complaint is that he is getting so popular that phone calls are often not returned.  Outstanding!!!!!!!! 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
95	1	i can't say enough good about this doc.  he's awesome!  takes as much time as you need with him.  extremely open to suggestions.  first appt. with him lasted two hours. sets aside one day for only new pat.  i'd recommend him anyone!  it's so refreshing to have a doc i feel comfortable with. 	 4/9/09	4	1	5	Insurance:Unknown
96	1	Dr Sands treats you like you're his last patient of the day.  Whatever time he needs to spend with you, he does.  Never been rushed out &amp; always explains everything on my level.  Best Dr I've ever been to! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
96	1	Dr. Sand is a very caring doctor.  He is always there for his pt's and is genuinely concerned about the level of care he offers.  He is wonderful. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
97	1	He was very nice and got right to the business.  I like that.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
97	1	A very good gastro specialist.  	5	5	5	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
98	0	I was extremely disappointed with this doctor's office.  They mixed up my appointments twice, and then were extremely rude when I confronted them about it. The first time I granted them that it could have been a miscommunication, but the second time I saved the confirmation call.  When I played the call in front of them to prove that they had messed up my appointment, they did take back their initial claim that I simply mixed up the dates, but refused to apologize.  I found the service to be extremely unprofessional and disappointing.  Do not go here unless you want to be ridiculed for expecting to receive medical care at your actual appointment time.   Horrible! 	1	1	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
98	1	I thought the staff and Dr. Salter were very professional and they treated me that way.  I'll have no problem returning for follow-up treatments 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Henry Ford / HAP
98	-1	Horrible office wait time.   Little to no explanation of procedures 	4	1	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
98	-1	RIDICULOUS wait time in the office!  Terrible to wait hours only to have orthodics made that were so stiff that I can't even wear them... I won't be returning! 	1	1	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
99	1	She is very thorough.  If she doesn't know something, she finds out.  Is very sensitive to your problems and concerns.  Spends as much time as needed with you.  I've been going to her for years.  I live in Mattawan  but when she moved from Kalmaazoo to Otsego, I followed her there.  Don't know what I'd do without her.  I tell everyone what a great P.A. she is.  Better than most doctors.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
99	1	very informative.  explained every thing so i was able to under stand 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
99	1	Have seen this PA-C for many years-always helpful and answers questions clearly.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
99	-1	Seeing her for over a year for endometriosis.  Every visit I explained, I'm not getting better, I'm getting worse.  Her answer, let's add another pill for you to take.  Lupron is not the answer! Please read all the info you can find on this drug before taking it!  Say no to injections!  Find an endometriosis specialist and read all the info you can get your hands on there are some wonderful specialist's out there.  I found one and discovered I was stage 3 endo by having an ultra sound done a simple ultra sound.  With all my endo side effects she never suggested an ultra sound.  Now my intestines,uterus,and kidneys are covered in endo which has made my uterus turn 120 degree's and has twisted.  No wonder there's so much pain.  Endo can kill!  Don't waste your time or money with this &quot;physicians assistant&quot;! 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
100	1	The doctor was very kind, knowledgeable and fast.  He took very good care of the children.  I would definitely recommend him.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
