dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	What everybody else said! He's great, did my cataract surgery and the results were extraordinary.  Thank you! Thank you! Thank you! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	1	The best.  Really knows his stuff.  Best eye doctor in the world.  You really understand what is going on.  Explains everything.  He actually took a phone call from me--just a simple question.  He loves what he does, and it shows.  Joel in Bloomington MN.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	1	. Robert Warshawsky is the kindest, brightest, best ophthalmologist around! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:AARP
3	-1	Dr Widstrom did my second lap and he took almost 3 hours and left RIGHT after the  surgery(apparently he was on vaca right after my surgery).I did ask that he not just laser the endo(I was recommended by another doctor to cut it out).1 month after surgery I was in pain  again.My husband had seen the photos of my surgery right after surgery.When going to my post-surg appt he said he had no photos.I was suspicious then.I went to get a second opinion about getting a hysterectomy(this doctor was a endo specialist for over 15 years of his 35 year career as a gyno).When I presented Dr Widstrom with my second opinion he totally disagreed and got VERY cocky. He was not willing to remove ANY of the endo. He was JUST going to remove my female organs and leave the endo there. The option he gave me if I didn't have the surgery was to receive Lupron.I declined due to the side effects. He would not help me with my pain he was through with me at that point.czerw0na@yahoo. com any questions 	5	5	1	1 	Insurance:HealthPartners
3	1	Dr. Widstrom was my OB with my second and now my third child. He's patient, and kind and makes himself very approachable with ANY questions you may have. He never seems rushed, even though he surely must be. He's personable, but businesslike, which i REALLY like. Even though he didn't deliver my Daughter, he made sure to visit at the end of his day on the day I had her, just to tell me congratulations. It meant a lot. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	Dr.Widstrom delivered my first child who was delivered by c section because I was diagnosed with preeclampsia, at the time I was very nervous and afraid of the procedure but Dr Widstrom was very knowledgeable, patient and comforting to both my family and I. He is a very personable individual, when I had my 2nd child he was not in the area but luckily upon the arrival of my 3rd child which also required a c section Dr. Widstrom was there to perform the very high risk surgery. I often wondered where he relocated because good doctors are so hard to find. I got on the computer to research his where abouts and I can only imagine with more years of experience, his career and passion for his work must have caused him to be more successful. I live in Dayton Ohio and havent seen him since the 90's so you can imagine what impression he left on my family and I. We almost named our son after him.....A GREAT DOCTOR IS HARD TO FIND....I HAD THE PRIVILEGE OF FINDING ONE IN DR. WIDSTROM. K. Metcalf 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	-1	I trusted him and he performed surgery on me even though he had no idea what he was doing. I have endometriosis and I had to have another doctor do surgery on me 8 weeks later because widstrom did such a horrible job.  I went through surgery for nothing, and when it didn't help my pain he left me high and dry.  He initially tried to treat me for endometriosis before diagnosing it. When I refused Lupron treatment he offered me NO other options.  There are MANY options out there.  Do NOT go to this doctor for endometriosis.  There are experts out there.  	5	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	Dr. Widstrom is probably the most knowledgable and compassionate doctor I have ever met.  He takes plenty of time with his patients and answers all questions I have.  I too have endometriosis and he's done a great job removing it.  My endometriosis is bad and he's the only one I'd allow to do surgery on me.  He also isn't pushy about hysterectomies like many doctors.  Dr. Widstrom actually wants to wait as long as possible before removing my organs.  He is great at keeping patients comfortable too.  If I'm in pain I just have to call him and he'll help me out.  I couldn't have asked for a better doctor.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:GHI
3	1	Dr. Widstrom is a wonderful obgyn.  He is very knowledgable in gyn problems and is also a great OB doctor.  Besides being a wonderful doctor he is an excellent surgeon.  I would recommend him to everyone if I could.  Even if he is booked up and I need to be seen he can usually fit me into his schedule.  He visits his patients in the hospital as well and isn't afraid to give referrals to other specialists if needed. I never leave feeling like my questions weren't answered or I wasn't helped.  When pregnant he was my OB and he's also done my 3 endometriosis surgeries.  Hopefully when I get pregnant again or if I need surgery he will still be working for SMDC.  I couldn't imagine having anyone else but him handling my OBGYN care! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	The best nephrologist I have ever been to. Very knowledgable, personable and kind. goes above and beyond. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	I've only seen her once but she seems to be an excellent Doctor. Communicates well, a good bedside manner and seems to know her stuff. BTW I'm pretty sure she does respond to emails since they use MyChart but I've never sent her one so I don't know for sure.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
8	-1	My experience with Dr. Westlund is that she's an average doctor.  She isn't rude, but didn't elaborate much in answering the questions I had.  	 4/21/12	4	4	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	1	Dr. Westlund has been my children's pediatrician for 11 years now.  She is a very fair, level-headed physician.  Both of my children have chronic health conditions and she has been very helpful in guiding me to the correct specialists.  As far as the nurse-line goes, it can be a long wait, but I would prefer to spend 15 minutes on hold and save myself an unnecessary trip to the droctor to have a simple question answered.  If they didn't have a nurse line, it would take forever to get an appointment and the doctors in the practice would spend way too much time seeing patients that could have been helped by the nurse-line.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
8	1	I think she is a very good doctor. My children have been seeing her since they were born. She has always been very helpful and knowledgeable. I have never has a mis diagnosis ans she seems to really care about the kids.  	5	3	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	-1	Dr. Westlund can be condescending. She tried to make me feel bad because I was concerned about the proposed vaccination schedule. I took my daughter to see her twice but I can assure you that we will never visit her again. Additionally, I usually have to sit on hold for a good 15-20 minutes to make an appointment at Southdale Peds. Trust me when I say that it is not worth your time.  	3	4	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	The office was very helpful with all of my insurance questions and financial options.  We have a high deductible, and I hate going somewhere an not knowing what it is going to cost me.  The doctor was very good at explaining what he found and what was going to be done. He took ample time with me. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	. personable - takes the time to get to know his patients and their families - he listens thoroughly and then responds 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	-1	does not know when to refer patients to specialists 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	A wonderful doctor who is very careing and follows up. He does not do unnessary tests. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	He has been my Dr. for over 20 years and he is very kind and caring.  He listens to your concerns 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	1	Excellent , on time, staff very good,helpful.......... 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	-1	In my experience with doctors...Waters is not very knowledgeable overall in the medical field. I went to him 6  years ago complaining of a condition I thought I had. He would not even listen to me and said its all in my head. 6 years later I finally got diagnosed by another Dr. 	5	5	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	. Very good! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	1	A leader in her specialty. Was easy to talk to and very knowledgable. I would not trust my complex heart to anyone else ever! Her staff is as extraordinary as she is! Highly recommend to any adult witha congenital heart defect.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
13	1	Cordial and through.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unicare
14	1	Shows genuine conern for the welfare of the patient.  She is a good listener and is willing to spend the time needed to give an accurate diagnosis and priscribe the right treatment.   Highly recommend her! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
14	1	Very knowledable and takes time to listen to your issues. Takes extra time to check into things she may not have answer for and gets back to you. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	-1	This Dr. could not be bothered and spent a grand total of 3 minutes to inform me what my injury was, (I already knew), and how I would manage my injury. At no time was there any discussion between myself and the doctor about my specific concerns or history. The staff was a mixture of confused and/or rude (Staff called me by the wrong name, thought I was a different patient, and the doctor asked about an injury that I did not have and evidentally thought I was someone else). I requested a copy of my X-rays and was told there was no way to get a copy without a request from another doctor. Needless to say I will not be seeing this doctor again nor will I advise anyone to see this doctor. 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	. Always concerned and when you leave, she follows up with a phone call to see how you are (if extended issues follow) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	Outstanding diagnostic skills, spends time with patients, takes time to explain everything in layman's terms. Only runs late when an emergency occurs.  	 3/8/09	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
17	1	We talked about the value of a PSA test and the treatments available if test is positive. He said their value is questionable months before the news reported the same thing. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	-1	She is overpriced and only cares about the money. She does not care the least for her patients. Avoid her at all cost. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
19	0	. nice guy but thinks everyone is a hypochondriac 	1	2	1	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
19	1	I love his sense of humor. He's been very helpful and supportive with some weight control issues. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	Very friendly, courteous, &amp; professional. Staff and facility were state of the art and very comfortable. Would recommend Dr. Waters to anyone! Thanks 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	I think he is one of the best physicians I have seen.  He is very kind and listened to what I had to say about why I was there.   I will continue to see him for cosmetic procedures--really the best!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	1	Very knowledgeable about skin, fantastic manner, very friendly and makes you feel comfortable.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	She is very friendly and I received many referrals to go to her, but the best part is that she gets right to the point of why you are there. The gyno exam doesn't take very long and she explains what she is doing before it happens. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	She treats me as well as my children. Is very professional.  	5	4	5	4 	Insurance:HealthPartners
23	1	First came in with whiplash from a car accident. Educated me on what chiropractic does for my health. Eliminated my pain and stabilized my injury.... Great energy, very helpful.. Informed me on my condition and got rid of my pain.  Amazing guy! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	1	Dr. Wand is a highly respected Doctor who spent over 20 years as a flight surgeon and general practicioner in the Navy. He sees all active duty military personnel free of charge. He integrates holistic medicine and western medicine to treat the cause and not just the symptoms. He is naturopathic in his overall approach but does prescribe conventional medication when absoloutely necessary. He is afterall a licensed physician who use to work for Park Nicolette Health Systems. As a Soldier, he has done amazing things for my health even after my primary care manager has attempted to for over a year. They work hand in hand. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	-1	Don't believe a thing this Duck tells you. I wouldn't be surprised if I saw his picture in the dictionary under the word quack. All this pinhead cares about is your money!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	Dr. Wand is amazing! It is expensive, but he is very very thorough. He has helped me so much. I saw him on an initial consult and then 1 follow up. He said no need to see him unless I am sick. He went out of his way to call me at home on 2 different occasions to give me info. He is very brilliant. I saw him on a referral from a friend who did wonders for her as well - where the mayo failed. He listens and is looking for the reason WHY, and doesn't just give you a pill or band-aid like most drs. do.  I feel I received the best medical care I had ever gotten with him and his staff. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	0	Way too expensive. Staff was rude. No new diagnosis or help with syptoms. NOT the only endocrinology doctor in tha area, i prefer and recommend Dr. Doeden in Edina. 	1	5	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
24	-1	This doctor spends lots of time (and your money) amasing information, then prescribing supplements that are expensive and guess what- don't work. Can't imagine how he stays in business. My guess is no repeat customers. 	2	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	Dr Wand does a thorough job of analyzing all symptoms throughout the body to put together a complete picture and get down to the real problem.  Too many other doctors just treat symptoms. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	Dr. Wand diagnosed my thyroid disorder in ONE appt after my primary physicians disregarded symptoms for nearly a decade and told me nothing was wrong.  Very knowledgeable regarding health and nutrition - patient and a good listener.  Have been a patient for over 5 yrs - but sadly I can no longer afford the fees.  NOT a mainstream doc, so if that is what you're looking for, he's not your guy - he works with you to figure out what is wrong, not just dispense meds and send you on your way.  He recognizes that the patient has the biggest effect on getting healthy - and has lots of info to help you get there. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	-1	I could not agree more with the first persons rating on this Quack. Its so obvious that its all about money, money, money with this jerk. $350 per hour, are you kidding&#63; I wouldn't go see this moron again if he was free! 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
24	-1	The $175 is for 30 minutes time. This quack charges $350 per hour, and is not accepted at any Insurance companies that I know of. The only thing this guy cares about is his love affair with your money. He stretches your appointment time out with useless information that is questionable in the mainstream world of medicine. 		5	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	The BEST Dr.  I've ever had 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	1	Dr. Wallerstein was very helpful during my rehab time.  He listened to my comments and took action. I highly recommend! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	-1	i rated so low because the first few times ive seen him he did not really no why he was to see me. He has been at least one to two hours late and i also feel that he thaught that i was lieng abaut were my pain wass 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	Dr Wentling is very through and great with kids! I never feel rushed or like my child is a number, my children love him!  Excellent I am so glad we found him 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	Works very well with children. My son has Autism and will only see him.  		4	5	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	1	He is a wonderful doctor! Very intelligent, considerate, and kind. Many years of experience as well. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	Dr. Jim takes time to discuss a patient's concerns and follows up via email or phone calls. Excellent supporting staff and modern facilities. 20+ years as his patient.  Very happy with care! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
28	-1	a know it all, makes fun of other patients with staff,I forsure heard him make a comment on a overweight man,'to roll him in the room'. Do give this cattle pusher any time or money, rock on welters!!!!!!!!!!!!QUACK!!!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
28	1	recommends very good specialists when needed. 		4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	He really seemed to listen and care.  he spent appropriate time with my son, got him to discuss his issues better than any other doctor I have taken my son to.  great experience.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
29	1	Absolute best GI at the pediatric clinic. Felt like he cared about my health and was willing to help any way he could.If you can't get in for an appointment he'll call you to discuss things. He'll allow you to suggest things you would like to try and consider them. He really does have his patients interest at heart.  Go see him!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
30	1	. Delivered all 3 of my kids and I would reccomend him to anyone! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	1	Dr. Westin has been my family's doctor for 13yrs. He is the best! It's hard to come by the kind that care and take pride in what they do!! ;) 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	Great doctor with a great bedside manner.  Highly recommended. 	3	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	He delivered our baby and continues to be both my and my daughter's doctor.  He is knowledgeable in both adults and children.  He is thorough in his assessments and treatments.  	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	1	Dr. Westin was my sons doctor for 4 + yrs., he was always personable, knowledgeable, & caring. My son thought he was the Best. If we lived in the area still he would still be his doctor. We sure miss him.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	-1	I have been a patient of his for 20 years and ending my relationship with him because he had become HIGHLY condescending and missed a major life-threatening diagnosis. Thank God my new Doctor caught it! 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	Dr. Wesley is a professional and performed my exam in such a way that exhibited her knowledge. My appointment was handled in a timely, thorough and kind manner. Also Dr. Wesley showed compassion which I have found to be rare in the medical world.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	-1	Dr. Wesley seemed unsure of her decisions and referred me to another doctor every time I had something slightly complicated.  I will not be seeing her as a primary care doc. anymore. 	4	4	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
33	0	I would not recommend her. She was slow in her process and seemed unsure in her decision making. I'd look elsewhere for medical help. 	2	4	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	Dr. Wheaton is outstanding.  Very compassionate and knowledgeable.  He has had  significant success in treating sports injuries along with other medical chronic pain problems.  He gives his all to his patients. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	This doctor is the greatest! He is an M.D. but he uses natural holistic treatment and has been very successful, particularly with sports related injuries. He has deep compassion and cares deeply for his patients. If you are looking for a holistic approach then give him a try. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	-1	Do not go to this doctor for anything but a sore throat 	4	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	knowledgeable and made my wife feel very comfortable with the procedure...expert on lamnoplasty.. did a great job on me 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
36	1	The very best neurosurgeon anyone could wish for. Knowlegeable is an understatement. Kind and helpful. Surgery went without a hitch 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	Dr. Linda Ward is absolutely fantastic.  When I got abnormal test results, she followed up with me to explain what they really meant so that I would not panic.  Then, even after being referred to a specialist, she made herself available to answer my questions.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	1	I never feel rushed and always feel that all of my questions are answered.  She is very pleasant and professional.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	-1	My daughter complained of extreme vomiting, swollen feet (very very swollen), very bad heartburn, pain at top of uterus (liver pain), and this doctor told her she had the usual &quot;end of pregnancy complaints&quot;.  Well, she died after emergency c-section.  She had H.E.L.L.P.S.  She is now dead and has a son and a husband who need her.  Also, part of her sons bladder was outside his body at birth.  This was not found in the ultrasounds before she delivered him, either. She was a wonderful person, daughter, friend wife,sister and Aunt to her 3 nieces.  She was only 30. Tell every woman/girl who is of age to be pregnant or is pregnant to be tested for H.E.L.L.P.S.  All of my daughters complaints were typical of this disease.  It involves the liver and platelets.  She was rushed to Mayo Clinic, had liver transplant but it was too late. Be aware of this disease.  Be aggressive and change doctors if you don't get answers or help. 	4	3	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
38	0	I also went to this dr with PCOS symptoms.  She totally blew me off and said it didn't matter if I wasn't trying to get pregnant and wouldn't do any blood work or tests.  I found another dr and am now being treated. I also ended up with her as my ob for my last pregnancy.  She was acceptable but I am very knowledgeable about pregnancy and birth so she wasn't able to make me do anything I didn't want to do.  Had a tendency to be condescending at times.  Rushed and sometimes brusque and unfriendly, other times nicer.  	5	5	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	-1	I have PCOS and recently visited Dr. Waschbusch regarding my symptoms.Although she is probobly a good gyn, she does not seem to be knowledgable about PCOS or hormonal problems. She seemed too hurried to listen to my concerns and refused to do any blood work. She didn't seem to be interested in treating me unless I was trying to get pregnant. 		3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	Dr. Waschbusch was my doctor during my pregnancy and delivery. She was friendly and very helpful. She did a great job! 		4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	Marcia Weimerskirch is a very good family practitioner.  Unfortunately, it is unclear whether she would rather be a doctor or a world traveler.  She has been my family's doctor for 5+ years.  We expected that she would be generally available when we needed medical attention.  Within the last two years, she has been unavailable for lengthy periods, and she's currently on safari in Africa for an entire year.  Bottom line: if you're looking for a family practitioner who will be in Minnesota when you need her, look elsewhere.  On the other hand, if you'll be traveling regularly to Africa, you might run in to her.  Hopefully, she'll return to the States and decide she wants to be a doc when she grows up.  Odds are pretty long, though, unfortunately.  	2	2	2	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	-1	Completely lacking in caring, to the point of being offensively rude.  I would bet Dr. Wengler is a good surgeon, but really needs to take some compassion lessions. 	5	4	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	No nonsense honesty. Perfect surgery, I was able to go home next day after hip revision.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
41	1	This is by far the absolute BEST doctor. He isn't like the typical doctors that pump u with prescriptions and have u come back for every little thing. He really takes the time to assess your problem everytime and he listens to you, obviously u know yourself better than anyone but I could never find a doctor that would listen to my opinion. I switched my entire family over to him. My 19 month old son use to scream and fuss everytime we'd go to the clinic, not with dr. Whisler, he smiled and laughed and didn't cry once. Dr.whisler took the time to help my son feel comfortable with him. I really cannot express enough the excellence in this doctor. He is so trustworthy, caring,respectful, and understanding.  I will follow him wherever he goes! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
41	1	very helpful and very beautiful clinic. staff is very nice and patient. i would recommend dr whisler for people of all ages. what an amazing experiance! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	My entire family sees Dr. Whisler. He is the best doctor we have seen ever! Very professional, friendly, and always takes the time to play with my children and make them smile.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
41	1	Dr. Whisler is the best doctor ever.  I drive over two hours to go see him as opposed to going to another doctor.  He really cares and gets to know you.  He is kind and has your best interests in mind at all times.  He is also incredibly knowledgeable.  I leave his office everytime saying,&quot;I just LOVE my doctor, hes the best!&quot; I really mean that too.  I am very happy I stumbled upon this site as everyone should know that he really is the best doctor ever.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
42	1	One of the best doctors that I have ever been seen by. Caring, understanding, and helpful. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	Dr weaver kept me going with serious knee problems for 3 years till I retired from the air force. She continues to help me with arithritis.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
42	1	Dr. Weaver has been my Doctor for 13 years.  She takes her time with you and discusses your concerns and options for treatments.  Wonderful staff also.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
43	1	It is one of my great joys and a real privilege to know Paul well and have him as my doctor.  He is always on top of my medical issues (many at this point in my life), he listens, then asks the appropriate questions and gets to the best resolution for my current problem.  He is kind, respectful, competent, insightful and simply one of the very best human beings I know.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
43	1	. He really listens and cares- referals have been EXCELLENT and always responsive 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	1	The Allina clinic system can be a bureacratic hassle but Dr. Westling is a great guy. They should be glad to have him. 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	I have been seeing Dr. Westling for about 5 years now and he is the best. He takes time to listen to what's going on and he shows he really cares.  He is a &quot;GREAT&quot; Doctor!! 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
43	1	Dr. Westling is fabulous. He is very thorough and is one of the few doctors who aren't in a hurry and actually sit and listen. Now my entire family sees him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	1	Dr. Westling treated me for YEARS, and I'm not an easy patient... he is FABULOUS. He is patient, respectful, and listens kindly.  Despite knowing his nurse Karen for many years, sometimes she could still be abrasive, and that was a pain.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
43	1	Dr. Westling knows what he's doing. He doesn't overwhelm you with 'fancy-talk' and takes time to listen. He cares about his patients.  	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
44	1	THis Dr uses alternative solutions to problems as well as medical practices. She suggests a variety of resources for information too.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
44	1	Dr. Weimerskirch has been wonderful for our 16 month old son. She offers at home treatments before loading him with medicine.  She also makes us feel welcome to ask questions and voice concerns. 	5	4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	Dr. Whitehill has been seeing my children since birth...she is FABULOUS!! You are not just another patient, she truely cares about your health and well being.  And Nurse Lisa is wonderful too, they make an awesome team!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	1	Dr. Whirehill-Nordeen is AWESOME!!! She is so lmowledgable and very concerned about your childs health and safety. I'd never switch pediatricians! She is the BEST!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	Dr. Nordeen is easily the best doctor my kids have ever seen. She is extremely attentive, cares about my family and is not afraid to be honest.  Also, her nurse is THE shot master!! I would not take the kids anywhere else! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
46	1	Awesome doctor!! Very nice to work with! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
47	1	Very knowledgeable, explains options, takes time to answer questions, only proceeds with surgery if it will really help. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	Wonderful beside manner.  Care about my teenage daughter's acne condition sincerely.  She even called to follow up.  Recommend her to my in-laws.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
49	1	Dr. Wengler is not only a great doctor, she is incredibly kind.  She and Dr. Thomson make an excellent team providing the best healthcare ever.  Dr. Wengler has been our doctor since we brought our first child home from the hospital in 2003.  She has seen us through thick and thin.  Edina Pediatrics is the best pediatric practice in my opinion.   She is like a member of our family 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	1	. Repaired chipped tooth which now looks even better than before 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
50	1	Provides excellent service and communication skills. Is very thorough and confident. Goes the extra mile when needed in desperate moments. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
51	1	I was at ease with Dr. Wavrin. We have been dealing with infertlity issues and it has been very hard.  He and his staff are absolutely wonderful!!!  I would recommend him in a heartbeat!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
52	1	I have seen Dr. Wempner for 40+ years..I would have no other..He stays current in his field..very thorough..takes time to answer all your concerns..He is now retiring and I feel sad for me but happy for him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	I can not imagine a better Dr.  Dr. Wempner is our family Dr.  My three children love him and my husband and I value his opinion.  He is helpful, caring, and patient.  He is also very complete.  I appreciate the fact that he listens to parent concerns.  His follow up is amazing.  He was my Grandma's family Dr. and now my kids are lucky enough to have him as our family Dr. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
52	-1	I had a terrible experience with him and was admitted to the hospital for virtually no reason (as I was told by the hospital drs).  He wasted a whole day of mine and told me that I could not have my children in the clinic with me.  VERY disappointed.   Would not recommend to anyone! 	5	4	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
52	1	As a medical professional who works within the same facility as Dr. Wempner, I can say he is the most patient oriented physician I have ever met. He will drive patients from his office to the hospital if they are being admitted or need to see an ER physician. He genuinely cares about all of his patients. One of the best in Carver County. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	Excellent Doctor. Takes time to listen to you before deciding on a course of action. Older, but very knowledgable. Has kept up with latest medicine. Can't say enough good about him. 		5	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	Loved how personal she was with the two of us. Made us feel comfortable with her.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
54	1	Excellent physician- fantastic knowledge with surprisingly caring and attentive attitude to patient care 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
55	-1	Dr. Weyrauch lacked the respect and care for me as a patient on a &quot;chair&quot; and under his control. I will never return. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
56	-1	Horrible Dr never ever go to her  worst know it all dr ever 	1	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	I used to work with Dr Weis.  I found him to be very knowledgeable and kind. He runs his office on time and most of all patients feel they recieve his full attention when he is in the room. He not only cared for his patients He showed his staff how to care for them  to highest of standards. Staff is also knowlegeable about questions on insurance and care.   I watched patients come in  with very sore feet (i.e. a common complait of foot pain when stepping on the floor and trying to walk upright without pain,  And walk out with  satifaction with the results of his treatments.  I also witnessed and assisted him in surgery and with limited insicions correct bunions hammer toes and cysts.  I have been looking for a podiatrist where I live from International Falls to Duluth and  have not met one Dr. that meets the standards of care that I learned from Dr. Weis. And If I could drive the 400 miles to have him do  the correct to  my feet I would be there in a heartbeat! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
58	-1	Weitz is a very impatient and dismissive Doctor. He would belittle me or my husband whenever we would ask questions and treated us like idiots when we wanted to talk about family histories of medical illnesses that may be present in our children.  	5	5	2	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
58	-1	He messed up my mother and now she will never regain her short term memory cause he put her on med she didnt even need. He is a pill pusher! 	5	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
58	-1	The most arrogant, self absorbed, bloviating windbag I have ever seen.  DO NOT GO TO THIS DOCTOR.  I don't care if it is something extremely simple, he will mess it up.  Ask him how many times he has been had legal action against him!  Pick another doctor, ANY DOCTOR. Just do not go to this guy.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	1	Excellent Doctor - even with elderly, but hard to get in - very busy. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
59	-1	Mr. Wagner is in my opinion a Dr. that should not be practicing medicine.  When I was in labor with my first child, the birth went just fine, Wagner then proceeded to tell me that he was leaving for his vacation and &quot;Let's get this show on the road&quot;  He then wrapped the umbilical cord around his fist and started pulling while I screamed for him to stop.  He didn't stop and pulled my uterus inside out.  I lost six pints of blood and as I was wheeled into the OR for emergency abdominal surgery, he stood there laughing and joking with the surgeon about how &quot;This looks like another malpractice suit&quot;  I've since found out about several other women who suffered the same under his uncaring hands.  Please be careful.  	5	5	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	1	Caring and compassionate.   Uses humor appropriately and always engages me in deciding my options 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	1	I have had intermittent contact with Dr. Mark Wagner over the past 10 years. During the past 2 of those years I have chosen him as my primary Dr. for several reasons: his humor; his intuitive sense of the person's needs combined with valuing their own self-assessment of their problem/s by listening closely to what they say; his knowledgable responses to questions, including his knowledge of common diseases more prevalent in rural communities; and his professional ethical candidness in response to comments and questions about practicess of other medical Drs. As a medical professional myself, therefore always a skeptic of medical practices, I can honestly say that he has gained my trust by working with me via a client centered approach, not as an authoritarian. I would not hesitate to reccommend him to others.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
59	1	Dr. Wagner is a GREAT doctor. He has the perfect mix of humor, knowledge and caring.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
60	1	. Best doctor ever! Always makes you feel comfortable and helps you to understand every situation! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
60	1	Dr. Wall was very helpful to me, and made my experience very comfortable.  He is professional, and very intelligent!  All of my questions were answered, and after talking with him, I understood that he is also a teacher, and teaches many other Doctors for board examinations.  And how to approach this exam.  How could I ever want to see another doctor when Dr Wall has so much experience and is teaching all the other OB Gyn's how to pass an exam&#63;  I go to the smartest one and best one I know!!  Thanks for everything Dr.  Wall! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
60	1	Excellent physician & surgeon.  Knowledgeable, considerate. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	Dr. Wall was very professional.  He helped us understand how our Son was experiencing anxiety and how this was leading to his behavior problems.  I've told friends about our good experience with Dr. Wall.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
61	1	Excellent care with a kind personality.  Really helped my daughter out (who was struggling with depression and cutting).  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	1	EXCELLENT DOCTOR VERY CARING MAKES HOUSE CALLS ALWAYS ON TIME CAN E-MAIL HIM 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	Excellent physician with wonderful bedside manner. And she speaks a little Turkish. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	Dr. Westbrock is the best.  I'm 60 yrs. old and took up marathon running several years ago.  Dr. Westbrock has been able to help me get through numerous muscle pain issues associated with running and enabled me to do my best including qualifying for and running the Boston marathon. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
66	-1	Seemed like the importantance was getting me in and out as fast as possible. I had to call him about issues with my health. Problems found in testing that to me are serious,serious enough to go to another doctor,and that doctor felt the results were also serious. He called me personally to answer any and all questions. I will never see Dr. Walsh again.  	3	4	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	1	Doctor was always on time and listens well and does ask questions to make sure he understands clearly.  He has never made me feel as if he was in a rush to get to the next patient.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
66	1	Very good doctor. Listens very well and asks alot of questions. He is very gentle and sincere. He is very knowledgeable. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	My family and I love her. She is a great dentist along with all of her staff. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	Dr. Warren is very patient and takes the time to explain what she about to do for you. A very skilled Dentist.  Would recommend to my friends. Extremely clean office. Great staff.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
67	1	I have recommended Dr Warren to all my friends. The staff at Nokomis Dental is great.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
68	1	Dr Warnken is an amazing pediatrician!  We were supposed to have a different doctor and we were late so we got Dr Warnken instead and I was so happy!  My usually painfully shy daughter adores him and he's great with my infant son too!  We were unsure about certain vaccinations and he gave us honest answers to our questions and never forced us to vaccinate, although we ultimately chose to vaccinate.  He would be great for even the most particular of Attachment Parenting families, as well as any traditional parenting family too.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
68	1	Has great rapport with kids, putting them at ease; down to earth personality.   Very knowledgeable.  Takes the time to explain the diagnosis and/or treatment in a way that makes sense.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
68	1	Dr. Warnken is an incredible doctor. With my first child, he was very patient and understanding. I was never made to feel like an over protective mom and he always validated my concerns. He listened to my comments, questions, and concerns without interruption and I was never rushed out of the office. He is very friendly and has an incredible bedside manner with the kids. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	She works well with patients and listens to what they have to say.  The patient and the Dr. team together for the care which is right for them.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Veterans Administration
70	1	Dr. Wahman was wonderful! She was kind and helpful throughout my pregnancy and even though she was not on call when I delivered, she was there the next morning to check up on me and take a look at my daughter. I developed infection after giving birth and Dr. Wahman squeezed in my appointment into her busy schedule. She has also helped me with Mirena IUD a year later. We have moved to Twin Cities few years ago but Dr. Wahman is still my favorite OB/GYN and I have recommended her to friends in the area. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	Friendly and thorough. She has great bedside manner. Dr. Wahman caught my ectopic pregnancy even though it didn't fit the typical clinic picture and I didn't have any risk factors. She called me at home to see how I was feeling, and I felt that she actually cared about my wellbeing. This coming from someone who, generally, doesn't like doctors (I'm an RN). I would definitely recommend her to my friends. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
70	-1	Dr. Wahman performed a oofarectomy in conjunction with a hysterectomy. My ovaries were found to be disease free, and now I suffer negative consequences as a result of that operation. Her knowledge in this gynecological arena seems to be lacking. 	1	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	The best there is!!!  Been through two births with her and wouldn't want it any other way.  So sweet and professional and competent.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
70	1	After the birth of my first child I was very nervous about picking the right OB/Gyn.  I had heard wonderful things about Dr. Wahman and after the initial meeting with her, I was sure I could trust her with the birth of my second child.  She is caring and knowledgable.  She always informed me of all of my options and answered every question I had.  I had a C-Section and it went so smoothly and I give her all the credit.  She made me feel at ease.  She is wonderful.   My oldest daughter considers her part of the family and still talks about her to this day!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
71	-1	 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	Was a great doctor and completed my surgery with no problems. I was back to playing sports (ice hockey) with 3 months of wrist surgery.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
72	1	I found Dr. Wilczynski to be very helpful and informative.  He is an extremely skilled surgeon, and placed my mind at ease in regards to the emergency surgery I endured.  I am healing better than anticipated, due mostly to Dr. Wilczynski's skills.  On a more personal note, I found his bedside manner reasuring and he is very knowledgable about his specialty. 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
72	-1	His bedside mannerisms are as poor as they come. He would also rather tell the patient that &quot;It's all in your head&quot;.  	3	5	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
73	1	Top rate! Unfortunately, I no longer see this MD. Not because I wanted a different MD, but because he won't make a house call 1500 miles from his office.  After 3 years, I still miss having this wonderfully caring man in charge of my health. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	Simply the best.  He listened to me and took the trouble to investigate thoroughly and diagnose me correctly, even though two previous doctors had dismissed my symptoms as psychosomatic.  His &quot;bedside manner&quot; is impeccable and he even has a sense of humor.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
73	1	He is the best Dr. for Senior citizens, Very caring and knowledgable. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	He is a very caring and wonderful physician.  I would recommend him to anyone.  I have the utmost respect and confidence in him as my doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
73	1	. Wonderful caring physician, I would recommend anyone to him! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
74	-1	I seeked his experties in Oct. 2009.  He liked to hear himself most, only interested in patient only if he/she might be a good candidate for his research.  He was no help to me.  	3	4	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
74	-1	Honesty, ethics, actions in practice (based on my experience and research)-- high rate of incongruence.  Where what he professes to know, understand (lead other to assume/believe he does in practice)when publishing research and presenting vs. how he responds, follows through in practice, documentation, response.  	4	5	1	2 	Insurance:Wellpoint
74	0	Bedside manner needs a lot of work! 	4	1	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
75	-1	He needs to learn how to read test results. After being treated for osteomyelitis for almost 5 months, I had my 3rd MRI. He told me the infection was gone even though the report clearly stated I still had an infection. I kept getting sicker. I finally decided to get the advice of another doctor and had to get copies of my records. Fortunately, I changed doctors because I almost lost my foot because of him. 	 6/14/12		5	1	Insurance:Unknown
75	1	I really felt this doctor was extremely competent and caring.  He did surgery on my foot.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
75	1	Dr. Werkhoven examined my foot and explained why I have been experiencing an intense pain that no other doctor has been able to explain during the past 6 months. I've gone from no hope for the pain to new alternatives and a broad base of options for long-term correction. Thanks, Dr.  Werkhoven 		5	4	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
76	1	Very trustworthy.  He can be counted on to take your concerns seriously.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
76	1	If you are looking for a doctor who cares about the health and will take measures to get to the bottom of your problem. This Ones For YOU! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
77	1	This doctor changed our lives!  She has given our daughter a quality of life we never thought she'd have.  Of all of the pediatric neurologists we've seen, Dr. Wical is by far the best.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	-1	This man is very arrogant and rude!! Leaning back on a chair when my daughter and I came back for a contact lense order, he stated that she doesn't have her contacts in so you should go home.  We were in a week ago to get the contacts and try them as he said to.  Well, they were fine so we thought &quot;fine, we will tell him they worked out and we would like to order some.&quot;  He said &quot;I told you three times she has to come back with her contacts in.&quot;  He never said such a thing, ever, my daughter (11)even said she didn't hear him say that.  I don't wear glasses or contacts and have no idea on how these appointments work.  I was so appalled that he told us we should go home and make another appointment for a week from now.  I called Vision World and they said if I have her glasses prescription, they will convert it to contacts, try them on her, check the fitting, and if they are fine for her, they will order some for her the same day also give her a few free pairs.  I will pay another $45. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	. dr wetjen one of the best neurosurgen at mayo clinic 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
80	1	Dr. Wetjen is my hero. Such an amazing and talented doctor. He truly cares about his patients, more than any other doctor I have ever met! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	Dr. Wetjen removed my son's brainstem cavernoma without adding to his impairment.  My son is doing very well, and we are grateful for the doctor's skill and willingness to operate.  His nurse and residents were also quite helpful.  He is very busy, so expect to wait at his office, but he will take time to explain things before and after the surgery. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	Dr. Werner performed breast augmentation for me. I have a deformity of my chest wall and he did a beautiful job masking it. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
82	-1	Paula Westlund placed IUD incorrectly and failed to inform me that I should wait 30 days until she needs to check if the IUD is placed correctly to protect from getting pregnant. At the check-up 30 days later she couldn't find my IUD anywhere! because it slipped inside my stomach! while I had un-protected sex until I found this out. I didn't even get an apology from her, nothing! Because of Paula Westlund's mistake I had to have another doctor remove the IUD from my stomach that even with my insurance cost me $1,500! The only thing that Allina clinic in Woodbury was able to reimburse me is my $20 co-pay for seeing Paula Westlund... From talking to Allina staff members nobody seemed surprised that this happened to me... It sounds like this is not the first time that patients are disapointed in her service. Beware! Do not see Paula Westlund! Bad service and very limited knowledge! Also, I was very disapointed at how Allina clinic in Woodbury, MN handled the whole situation... 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
83	1	I saw Dr. Wagenknecht until my health issues directed that I move on to internal med, endocrinology and psychiatry.  But I would highly recammend her. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
83	1	This is the best doctor I have ever been to.  She is very patient and thorough each time I see her, no matter the reason for my visit. She takes the time to answer all my questions and makes sure I understand about all my meds and treatment options. I decided ten years ago to choose a doctor to see on a regular basis instead of which ever one was available, and I sure lucked out when I found her.   She is wonderful with kids too! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
84	1	Dr. Walczak is an amazing epileptologist. VERY SMART. He listens to everything. He pays attention to if medications are giving side effects and adjusts them or changes them. Before going to him I was having a few seizures a week. After seeing Dr. Walczak, I now have only a seizure every 2 or 3 months! The appointments are never rushed and always very complete.  	 2/3/09	5	5	5	Insurance:HealthPartners
85	1	 	4	2	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	Dr Weber is a very focused, friendly physician who comes into the room and wants to listen to your concerns and questions first and puts away the &quot;computer chart&quot; for some 1 on 1 time with you.  His medical explanations can sometimes be a little more complicated or short for me, but he welcomes additional questions and will &quot;dumb it down&quot; for me to obtain a clearer understanding.  I always recommend, with any physician, to write clear questions down before your appointment and bring them with you to stay on track of what you want to accomplish at the visit.  His clinic has Electronic Medical Records so, when you see him and you need to see another specialist in this network, everyone is on the same page.  He is a very knowledgeble physician who draws upon others specialty knowledge, when needed, to make sure you get the best care possible.   Dr Weber is very much on schedule, which is important to those who also have busy schedules.  	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
87	1	After much research we had Dr.Wahoff operate on our 17 yr old daughter in January of 2010.  We were very pleased with the outcome and all aspects of the surgery and her follow up care. It was successful beyond our expectations.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
87	1	Dr. Wahoff removed my daughter's gallbladder with the laparscope. Because of his expertise with this form of less invasive surgery, she had a very short hospital stay and returned to her usual activities very quickly. Dr. Wahoff was superb in his pre-surgery explanations, superb in his surgical management and outstanding in his care following her surgery. I would not hesitate to use and/or recommend Dr. Wahoff's services for any of my other children or for the children of my friends. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	I find the single feedback item regarding Dr. David Wahoff to be completely unfair, & quite honestly bordering on being libelous. This feedback that he "exercised poor judgement with a procedure, causing great injury to the patient" is based upon a layman's opinion, & not expert review. Dr. Wahoff is a PhD trained, board certified pediatric surgeon. He has been selected as one of the "Top Docs" in the Minneapolis/St Paul area, numerous years in a row. Additionally, he has authored countless papers, as well as trains surgery residents for the University of Minnesota,HCMC & Mayo Clinics. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
87	-1	Nice doctor, however exercised very poor judgement with a procedure, causing great injury to patient. Seemed confused about how proceed afterward. Not all comfortable with him... 		3	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	Dr. Westerdahl is a Gem! she listens, cares, has tremendous compassion, non judgemental, and just plain &quot;Gets it&quot;~ Fantastic Dr.  	3	4	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
88	1	Dr. Westerdahl is one in a million.  She knows our family very well.  She does listen very well and doesn't hesitate to order tests or anything she needs to make a diagnosis.    I always leave feeling very lucky she is my doctor! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
88	1	Truly unique Doctor. Dr Westerdahl listens to her patients, does not dismiss your concerns without giving you a thoughtful explanation. If Dr Westerdahl can not help you she will make sure you have the additional test or specialist you may need. Dr Westerdahl also has a wonderful assistant &quot;Deb&quot; who will always promptly return any message the Dr may have for you. My husband and I are blessed with Dr Joy Westerdahl! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	wonderful, caring and very wise doctor. Joy Westerdahl is an inspiration for patients and their family's in all ways. She finishes triatholons. Dr Westerdahl is just like her name &quot;joy&quot;. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	50 year old woman that had tonsils removed.  Pleased with service from start to finish.  Yes, he is casual but seems to know what he is talking about. I put him thru the ringer with many questions and I didn't walk out thinking he was full of it like I have with other ear, nose, and throat docs.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
89	1	I had surgery performed by Dr. Watson and he was very thorough in explaining what he would be doing, why, and what results I could expect.  I found him to be very personable.  My follow-up appointments were the same.  He answered all my questions and I felt like he took the time to listen without making you feel like you were asking dumb questions.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
89	1	Great physician who listened to my complaints.  Spent extra time with me to answer questions and in the end fixed my problem! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
89	1	Dr. Watson is one of the most knowledgeable and sympathetic doctors that I have been a patient of. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	Dr. Watson helped my son.  He was very thorough and reassuring, and I couldn't have asked for a better physician.  His office was very busy but well worth the wait! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
89	-1	After telling me that I would likely lose all hearing in at least one ear in the next few years, he looked at me blankly and said, &quot;Bummer, huh&#63;&quot; He then prescribed a medication that has not been shown anywhere to be effective and caused my teeth to chip. He told me to come back when I had total hearing loss and maybe then he could recommend surgery, and that I would not be helped by a hearing aid so don't bother trying. Since then I have found other therapies that have dramatically slowed my hearing loss, and also went against his advice and got a hearing aid which is very helpful. When I told him my symptoms he looked at me like I was nuts and said he saw no physical evidence to support my complaints. I felt as though I was being accused of faking. 		3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
89	-1	While with him, this doctor made blatant discriminatory remarks. 		4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
89	-1	Dr. Watson made his diagnosis prior to examining or meeting me. I later learned that he had not ordered my file from medical records and had no test results. He was also unaware of the fact that I had been referred to ENT by my allergist for an emergency appointment. He based his diagnosis solely on the list of medications that I was taking and assumed it was acid-reflux because I am over weight. I lost a portion of my hearing due to untreated inflamation. 		3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
90	-1	Very few good things can be said about Dr Wheeler. He may make an initial good impression but I was very disappointed by a subsequent interaction. It involved an individual who was very sick and when in the hospital dr wheeler was not doing anything when another doctor was requested the individual ended up needing a breathing tube and a ventilator (and dr. wheeler wasn't going to do anything different.)  In my opinion this is dangerous and I would NOT recommend Dr Wheeler. 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	When I had my second child she came in to do the exam on her at the hospital. I thought she was great and switched immediately to her clinic. When they moved, I moved with them. She is the best doctor I could ask for to help my children. I bring all 3 of them to her now and will never change. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	Dr. Waller was the first ped to see our son after he was born, and we were so impressed, we switched her to our primary. I cannot recommend her highly enough! My son has had several chronic medical problems; instead of simply deciding on a treatment, she includes us on the decision and tries to find the right solution to fit both the child's individual characteristics and the family situation. When we have to call in after hours, she is monitoring and following up on those calls, when necessary. She trusts my &quot;mother's intuition.&quot; The only thing that has bothered me a little is that she does seem a little quick to write prescriptions for things, but the treatment has always helped the situation so I guess the only drawback to that is potential side-effects of medication. The staff at the clinic are always kind, and they remember us. When I bring in one child, they always want to know how the other is doing. And if I can't see Dr. Waller, I have other excellent doctors to choose from.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
91	1	Nancy Waller has been our pediatrician for 3.5 years. She was there at the hospital to see us the day after my daughter was born. Throughout the years, she has always been calm, relaxed, an excellent listener, never judgmental around an overtired and stressed new mom, and has approached both my daughter and myself as individuals. When I wanted to stagger and somewhat delay my daughter's vaccinations, she put together a recommended plan for us and seemed very open to working with me. My daughter really likes Dr. Waller. I never get complaints from her about going to the doctor.  		4	5	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
91	1	Dr. Waller has been our ped for 3 1/2 years and is very nice. Our baby had breastfeeding jaundice and she looked up research specific to this problem and was flexible about treatment options.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
91	1	We love Dr. Waller. She's been our pediatrician for 3 1/2 years now. She has 2 young children herself, so she's very easy to relate to and very understanding.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
92	-1	Dr. Widdifield was my 86-year-old father's doctor for about 5 years. My father admittedly was in compromised health due to emphysema which required home oxygen. Nevertheless, for months my father had been feeling worse than he had, was sleeping a great deal, and had blood pressure irregularities so we repeatedly took him to see Dr. Widdifield who frankly acted annoyed and dismissive. We finally took him to another doctor and he was admitted to the hospital. He died of metastasized  cancer 10 days later. Although my father wouldn't have wanted to treat the cancer had he known about it, he unnecessarily suffered when he could have/should have been receiving hospice care.  	3	3	1	2 	Insurance:Humana
93	1	Has done a good job for 15 years.   Always explains things well.  High degree of trust. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
93	-1	Very unhappy with the doctor and the staff. Everyone was very unfriendly.  Had to wait for an exceedingly long time, only to find out they forgot I was in the room once I went out to check on what was going on.  The doctor was rude and I felt very uncomfortable.  I will not go back to this health system again.  	1	1	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
93	1	Very helpful and genuinely concerned for my well-being, without being pushy or condescending.  He diagnosed a serious condition on a routine visit that I would not have known about otherwise.  Has always known what to do to resolve my medical issues.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
93	-1	Seems uncaring and inconvenienced whenever I visit regardless of why. 	4	4	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
94	1	Dr.Weber was sincerely considerate,respectful,&approachable; w. questions. He allowed me to make decisions about pregnancy/delivery-I truly thought his care was the best I have had w. my four children! I would recommend him to anyone... He is quiet,but was a great listener-I never found this to be that he wasn't personable-a great dry sense of humor! :) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
94	1	Great doctor really knows his stuff, not very personable though. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
94	1	Knowledgable and willing to listen to and know the latest research.  Compared to his partners he is more up to date with medical research/studies and practicing evidence based medicine.  Saw him for pre-natal/OB.  I am someone who wants a dr. to work with me, and not make decisions for me.  I read and research for myself and make very informed decisions--not just expecting the dr. to make them for me (I suppose this is unlike the &quot;typical&quot; pregnant person) and Dr. Weber was easy to work with.  I don't feel the need to interfere with nature (unless truly medically necessary) and he didn't object.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
95	1	he is very gentle,,professional,nice,,had a great painless exp with him 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
96	-1	very unhappy with the way i was treated. here take percocet and be on your way. never wanted to look to the root of the problem but rather mask the pain with meds. don't recommend.  	4	1	2	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
97	-1	Poor listening skills, harsh treatment by a professional. Incapable of performing dentistry upon smaller individuals. Poor bedside manor and unprofessional attitude. Failed to listen to my concerns and worked on me for 2.5 hours and only did one filling. Last dentist I went to did 6 in the same time frame, one year ago. Not trustworthy for a professional practitioner.  	4	4	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
98	1	Very sensitive to issues and feelings.  Very calm demeanor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
99	-1	She is a horrible doctor for any kind of specialty care.  She is currently out at Monticello Hospital and has a reputation with the staff of being non-communicative with patients (I repeatedly requested that she come in and answer some questions in regards to my daughter's treatment - she NEVER came in to see us).  I would NEVER go to her for any family members care.  If you have her for any kind of in-patient services, I suggest you run for the hills.  It took three times for the right medication to be prescribed for my daughter.  I had to be a pushy person with the staff and finally had to speak with administrators to get the proper care for my daughter. I felt that I had to stay at the hospital to make sure my daughter was getting the proper care and wouldn't leave until I knew that other doctors were on call for the night shift.  Nursing and other staff at hospital are wonderful. 	5	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
100	1	She has wonderful bedside manners and takes the time to listen to all your questions and I never have felt rushed with her. She has a way of making the pt feel very comfortable and is willing to prescribe meds that the pt is or has been used to which alot of doctors don't and it is very frustrating for the pt to walk away with foreign prescriptions for the same exact diagnosis you've been treated for for umpteen years. I usually do not go back to them because its an ego problem and they shy from the empowered patient. Dr. Wallner ancourages any questions and takes the time to ask and answer in a non rushed way. I highly recommend her. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
100	1	She was great, really knew what she was talking about and explained it in words the general population can understand. She found something that 4 doctors couldn't find with me.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
