dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	Brilliant problem solver, appropriately humble in the face of uncertainty, compassionate and empathetic person. He is an excellent physician, as good as anyone in his field, and we're lucky he's here among us. Yes, appointments may start a few minutes later that planned, but it's likely because these doctors have to do so much darned paperwork because of our convoluted insurance system. You can travel to MD Anderson or Mass General or wherever, but you will not find a better oncologist.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	1	abrubt wiht patient lacks - lacks empathy 	5	3	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	Dr. Anderson has been my doctor for over 20 years.  I have complete trust in him.  I appreciate his straight forward, common sense approach.  He is very knowladgable.  He has provided exceptional care to me and my family for as long as we've been with him.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	1	I have been going to Dr. Anderson for about 5 years and I have never had a problem.  He is very helpful, thorough and understanding.  The one drawback would be you often have to come in to see the doctor for referrals or prescriptions.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	1	An excellent Doctor. Kind and caring and knows his stuff.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	1	Dr. Anderson has been my doctor since I was little and I am 28 now. I feel like he really knows and cares about me. He is very thorough and helpful in guiding me to be as healthy as possible. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	Great doctor. I have had him since I was a little girl. I am now 28 and still think he is the best Doctor. Very helpful. Harder to get appointments with becuase so many people request him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	1	Great GP. Very good at explaining things in a simple way. Helpful in letting me know how to change lifestyle to help with health issues. Made me feel like he cared genuinely about how I am doing.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
2	1	Excellent GP - gives options and helps patient to pick the option best suited.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	I waited almost 40 minutes my first visit, than my second visit was rushed as if he had scheduled too many appointments at thee same time as mine. I liked my first adjustment, but I donnot plan on going back to wait.  	3	2	3	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	Great chiropractic office. I work In Edina and live in Eagan so having the availability in both place is great. The new Edina office is amazing.  The staff makes the visits very easy.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	Great!  Best adjustment i ever had.  he is my regular doctor now.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	-1	Dr. Adefris is very nice and personable but she is very busy and you hardly get to see her. She tells you to do everything through her assistant but unfortunately her assistant screws everything up. I scheduled my surgery through her assistant- a DC and and an exploratory laproscopy. The day of the surgery her assistant didnt tell me that my surgery got pushed back and she had forgotten to schedule the laproscopy. As I was on the surgery table Adefris was blaming me for her staff's screw up- RIGHT BEFORE I WENT INTO SURGERY!!!! Extremely unprofessional. She sticks up for her staff that repeatly made mistakes with scheduling appointments and Adefris told me to talk with her staff and then yelled at me because I didnt call her directly- she is forgettful. I am going to a new doctor for my post-op...I dont trust her at all.  	2	2	2	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
4	1	The fastest pap i've ever had and she wasn't in a hurry and stuck around and listened to my concerns. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	She is wonderful! I have seen her for years and she has always been friendly and easy to talk to. She didn't pass judgement on my decision for not wanting children unlike other OB/GYN's I have been to before her. She always remembers me even though she has 100's of patients.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
4	1	She is fantastic! Very friendly and caring. Easy to talk to and I would recommend her (and have) to any woman looking for a good Doctor. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	She's very friendly and helpful. Pleasant and I miss her now that I'm not pregnant!!! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	I think he needs to re study the hippocratic oath and perhaps comprehend what it states and apply that to his patients.  	3	5	2	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	Was very professional and kind. Was interested in what I said. Was able to crack a smile. Very Accurate in diagnosis. Nice office with pictures of family. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	Wonderful bedside manner and a very knowledgable doctor.  Always listens to the patient and follows up on any concerns.  Gives top notch care. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	Dr. Abid was very knowledgable about both his specialty and general medicine and was willing to explain it all to me. He made more progress for me than had been in the previous 2 years. Excellent followup as well. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	-1	Dr. Anderson was a jerk.  I had the misfortune of seeing him twice, once for a knee injury and once for a cough that wouldn't go away.  With the knee injury, he basically told me that it was my problem, and just to deal with it.  It turned out to be iliotibial band syndrome and I needed physical therapy for it.  For the cough, I had it for three months and it was prohibiting me from playing hockey.  He told me that my &quot;apartment was too dirty&quot;, which is ridiculous because I am obsessively clean.  For that, I again saw Dr. Feist, who diagnosed my exercise induced asthma.  	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	-1	Arrogant, unhelpful, looks down his nose. The other Boynton docs are &quot;ok&quot; in comparison (not great). This guy takes the cake though in just being flat out rude - especially to females.  	4	2	1	1 	Insurance:HealthPartners
6	-1	Worst doctor ever makes me not want to come back.  Doesnt take patient statements into consideration.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	-1	He pretty much doesn't know anything. Don't go to boynton cuz nobody knows anything there. But this guy is the worst. 		5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	Seems very knowledgeable and thorough.  He is personable as well.  I first chose him because he is board certified and stayed with him because I like him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
7	1	Dr Akrum diagnosed me with sleep apnea and fibromyalgia within minutes of my appointment. He referred me to specialists who confirmed his diagnosis. He is a very kind and caring doctor. He is also very professional. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	Wonderfull Doctor. Hard to get prompt appointments with her though. Very nice and knowledgeable.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	Dr. Aksamit is a terrific doctor - the ultimate professional - compassionate, knowledgeable, caring. I rate him as one of the top doctors I have ever seen. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	Dr. Ailabouni is fantastic.  Very personable and easy to talk to.  His staff are real pros when it comes to scheduling patients for appointments with other specialists.  Excellent communication is the key to good medicine, and these folks have it mastered.  	5	5	5	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	1	. He is very helpful and gets info if needed 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	1	EXCELLENT! He and staff are very friendly and knowledgeable. I've never felt rushed and always get my list of questions answered.  Very caring and thoughtful man. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	-1	 	5	5	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	Dr. Anders is our favorite Dr. ever. He is very patient, kind and considerate. He has time to answer any questions you might ask, and he lets parents make informed decisions about their child's health care. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	THIS DR. IS VERY KIND AND CARING AND HE SEES THE WHOLE PERSON.  HE IS INTELLIGENT.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
15	1	dr akahara was very good to me, best dr ever.  nishaq44, 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
15	1	My doctor has made me feel right at home by explainig treatment and options to me. He is light hearted and approachable and very knowledgeable about my condition. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	Listens attentively.  Not rushed. Will send you to a specialist if he deems it is beyond his area of expertise.  	5	5	4	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
17	-1	this so called DR. is an eragent PIG. He yelled at me as a patient in the hospital and actually said&quot; If you weren't FAT you wouldn't be sick. I had a bowel obstruction!!!!! Another Dr, finally diagnosed it, STAY AWAY-ALL HE WANTS IS TO CONDESCEND AND GET PAID FOR IT.  	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	-1	This doctor is erigant and condescending to patients. He makes up his opinion before seeing or talking to the patient. When you question him he strongely disagrees with anything you as a patient say. DO NOT WASTE YOUR HEALTH OR MONEY ON THIS DOCTOR.  	3	3	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	0	Issues I asked about never got addressed.  Identified a possible problem and suggested lifestyle treatment.  Never even mentioned the problem at my next visit. 	4	2	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	Wonderful with children and listens to our concerns. Offers helpful advice and has a pretty good memory! All our children are being seen by her. She is very reliable. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	-1	It's a wonder she ever made it through medical school.  Horrible bedside manner, rude, arrogant and not all that bright. 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	Dr. Anderson did a wonderful job with my mother who needed cateract surgery.  We had some questions come up later and even on a saturday we were able to contact them to get help with our concerns.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
20	1	My entire family and 2 friends have been patients for over 4 years. Dr. Anderson preformed cataract surgery on my mother and we couldn't be more happy with his care.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	-1	Misdiagnosed my 1 year old son. Had I not gotten a second opinion, he would have had unneccessary surgery. 		4	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	Overall, Dr. Agbeh is very friendly. I am always comfortable around him. As a first time parent, he has patience for all my questions and concerns. He also listens to everything I have to say and answers all my questions. He doesn't mind that I would have my family come for doctor's visits. He is a great doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
21	1	I love Dr. Agbeh.   He is very caring and has a good sense of humor.  He listens to my concerns, and really seems to care about my health.  I highly recommend him to any woman who might have concerns about seeing a male OB/GYN.  He is very professional, and just an overall pleasure.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	Dr. Agbeh is very caring. He goes above and beyond other OB/GYNs that I have had in the past. I highly recommend him as a health provider! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	Dr. Almquist evaluated me for necessary adjustments to my ICD during a treadmill stress test.  He had a great working knowledge of what was going on and did not make me endure more than necessary.  He was polite and quite efficient, while still making me feel that I was given as much time as I needed.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
22	1	HE IS VERY KNOWLEDGEABLE. A VERY HUMBLE MAN WHO MAKES EVERYONE COMFORTABLE. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	Very nice and willing to spend the time needed. Great doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
24	1	he is the best doctor i have ever met and i think he should be the president. because he is the most important person in my life. he was very helpful and he gave me free samples. it would have cost me thousands of dollars. and now my allergies are gone and i feel better than i have ever felt before. i have had asthma for 12 years and he has helped me all the way.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
24	1	He was very informed about allergens and the options for treatement. Gave me samples to try before deciding on a treatment. Helped me understand what might and might not work for my symptoms. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	-1	I saw him for 5 years of allergy shots because he wouldn't listen to me when I said it had been 4 years and I was done. I finally was able to go to someone else and the shots never worked.  		3	1	1 	Insurance:HealthPartners
24	-1	He doesn't listen - asks questions then will not wait for the complete answer. He is condescending and out and out rude. He comes to Mankato from the cities once a week - there aren't many options but I AM going to find someone else... I am totally willing to drive HOURS a week just to avoid him. Sad. 	 9/24/06		3	1	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	excellent 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	Dr. Anderson exceeded my expectations.  He asked good questions, listened to my answers, and asked good follow-up questions. He had reviewed my chart and had paid attention to what was on it from other appointments with other doctors in the system. He presented me not only with his opinions, but explained how he arrived at them, which things he thought might be the cause of my issues and which things he thought were not relevant in my case, which increased my confidence in his diagnosis, and in why he recommended certain further testing. He presented me with options for further testing and therapy, explained the pros and cons of each, and let me choose how I wanted us to proceed. I also noticed explicitly that he spent the time it took to deal with my issues, over an hour. I did not feel he was hurrying things along to get to another patient or to save his time as some doctors do. I plan to continue working with Dr. Anderson and would recommend him to anyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
26	1	Can not say enough good things about him. Very kind, very thorough, goes out of his way for patients. Makes people feel valued and respected. Knowledgeable and a good listener. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
27	-1	Dr Adam is not really good with people,or maybe I should Arican Amercian women. He just poke at me on my shoulder and in my chest and made me feel worst....then gave me some more med to take .Really did't want to hear what I had to say.He made me feel bad..and cry this vist..maybe because he was 15 min late...and I told him about it.I was 10min late last month..and he would not see me this time he was 15 min late and very ugly with me.I don't want to never see him again. 	3	1	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
27	0	He certainly does not want to go over and above what he has to do.  Makes a diagnosis and then moves on to his own personal life.  Get what you can out of him quickly before he changes the subject! 	5	5	1	5 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	Can't say enough about Dr. Adam. He had the answers to every single problem that we brought in and they worked! Would refer him to anyone! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	She took time to get to know me.  I never felt rushed or that I couldn't ask or tell her anything about my health.  It was very refreshing to find a personable, knowledgable and very open doctor.  Ive recommended her to three people since I saw her a few days ago.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	-1	Patient reported Doctor did inaccurate charting and reported exams done that were not performed. Patient reports feeling very scared after visit and will not return back to clinic 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
29	-1	His &quot;bedside manner&quot; was terrible. He acted as if he didnt have time for me. He orders LOTS of expensive tests, when no obvious answer appeared, he seemed to give up and assume it was the patient's imagination or doing. After many tests he came to no useful conclusion, but diagnosed a vague inconclusive syndrom. 	4	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	Steve is the best dentist I have ever used. (Have been to 7 total) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	Spent quality time with me and my husband.  Explained things well and gave a good plan. Seen several times with same good results. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	-1	horrible medical attention--patient went to him and he told patient nothing specific 	3	3	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
32	-1	I took my daughter to see Dr. Amini. She had her mind made up on what she thought the issue was and did not want to listen to the patient. She contradicted herself and could not even explain what she was diagnosing. In my opinion she is the worst doctor I have ever met. She also seemed very nervous and was having a hard time talking to us. 	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	Dr. Ahmed is very gentle. I did not his shot. He explained everything 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	very good dentist, very nice and knows what he is doing.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	1	Dr. Anderson is wonderful.  He goes above and beyond to ensure you feel comfortable and are provided with the best care. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	very kind and caring, doesn't rush at all. Always so friendly.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	Dr. A has saved my life.  He is the best doctor I have ever seen and I have seen a LOT of doctors for my disability.  I have seen him at least 10 years and know him very well.  He is the most compassionate and caring doctor I have ever seen.  Also, he has been practicing for so long that he has &quot;heard it all&quot; and has never said to me, &quot;I do not know&quot;.  Like I said, he has saved my life, I surely would have taken my life if it were not for him.  I live in chronic horrible pain.  Please do yourself a favor and get under his care. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	Great Doctor. Very open minded and willing to work with you outside the box.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
35	1	The doctor saved my life.  Only doctor to correctly diagnose me and prescribe the proper meds.  Knowledge of Pharmocology is second to none.  In addition to M.D. in psychiatry and PHD in Pharmacology, he has a PHD in Philosophy.  He is my hero. 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	As a MD myself, I find him to be outstanding and effective.  I visited hime for mood issues and he was the first Doctor to immediately and accurately identify the issue and resolve it. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	I believe that while people go to doctors for help with conditions, they have a responsibility in their care as well. If someone is not comfortable with a recommendation, for goodness sakes do your research. Dr. A can be intimidating if you don't do your homework and enter into a doctor patient relationship completely uneducated - he is an EXPERT in his field and I would think that if you seek him out or are referred to him then he has a realistic expectation that you will be able to relate to him and have an open dialogue regarding your condition, possible treatment options, and recommendations. If you expect him to do all of the work, then he is going to do what he thinks is best and counts on you to keep him informed of your condition and any changes and/or concerns. While I am certainly sympathetic to those who have lost their loved ones, surely you realize that no person can MAKE, let alone LET, someone take their own life. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	Dr Abuzzahab has his good days and bad days just like us normal folk.  I have been seeing him for almost fourteen years.  He doesn't make me come to him every six months to get a refill on my prescriptions which I really appreciated - other psychiatrists make you come every six months so they can get their money from you.  I went to him today and since he is semi-retired he requires cash for his office visit. I didn't know that but he saw me today ANYWAY!  Truthfully, I don't know ANY OTHER MEDICAL OFFICER that would do that!  NONE!  He is from the old school and isn't the most organized but he does care about his patients (not just the money) and sometimes he is in a better mood then others.  If you bring it to his attention - like I have a time or two - he will back off.  He basically always listens to me and sometimes I dont like to hear what he has to say, but in the end he is right. You have to be your own advocate for everything these days - here is no exception.  	4	2	4	5 	Insurance:Assurant
35	-1	The doctor was unconcerned and always in a hurry. Prescribed med after med after med with little or no awareness to my well-being. I eventually severed my relationship with him only to find his license was being suspended (yes, this was many years ago). Reading the following article today sent shivers down my spine:http://www.nytimes.com/2007/06/03/health/03docs.html... &\_r=1 	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	1	Have seen a number of Doctors, He is the Best I have seen.  A professor at the University of MN, He is one of a very few psycho-pharmacologists in the state. He is the end of the road for many patients who have had no success with Psychiatry. He is brilliant and has made my life much richer.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	1	Compassionate MD, listened, I never felt &quot;rushed&quot; through my appt. - like with many others doctors who &quot;bow down&quot; to the Insurance Companies....He is an advocate for his patients. I do not agree with the negative posts about him - I had very positive experiences w/ him and never felt like he was &quot;pushing&quot; prescriptions at me...He's a good doctor. I don't go anymore because I hate anything to do w/ the Fairview system...sucks 'cause he's a great doc...  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
35	-1	Very unethical and a shame to his profession. He blatantly denied my concerns about meds he prescribed and was wildly egotistical. He put me on meds for depression and when I had very painful and odd side effects, he claimed they had nothing to do with the drug because he had never heard of them. Claimed he was on the board that tested the drug. I started and stopped the meds 3 times and the side effects started and stopped too. I later researched online and found those side effects were dangerous and one must stop the meds immediately and see the doctor. Abuzzahab didn't return my calls and refused to believe the meds caused the effects.He then prescribed something else in a rush (11 refills included)and next time we spoke he gave me OPPOSITE instructions than what he had written on the prescription instructions.  He spent only 30 minutes on initial appt.(filled with interruptions),didn't get a full background on me,and was not willing to listen to anything that disagreed with him. 	3	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	I'm father of patient of Dr. A. He's the one many Twin Cities psychiatrists refer their toughest cases to. He's probably the most-knowledgeable psychopharmacologist in the Twin Cities. He's top-notch, at least in our experience.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
35	1	I have visited Dr. Abuzzahab for over 15 years.  He is an excellent physician and psychiatrist, and has helped me regain my life.  His current focus on anti-aging and related tests has given me an excellent idea of what I need to do to keep my mind sharp and my body healthy.  I would give him an unqualified recommendation.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
35	0	Lots of medications...no solutions. You feel like a bag of drugged up crap that can't function and can't poop or pee...but the doctors and therapists collect the money and have a life. At least this guy talks to you for a few minutes before he tells you you're hopeless and heads you for the garbage can--most psychiatrists don't do that much. LET ME TELL YOU A SECRET--THEY STILL DON'T KNOW HOW TO TREAT MENTAL ILLNESS--THE WORKINGS OF THE BRAIN ARE STILL VAST UNMAPPED TERRITORIES. EAT GOOD, SLEEP GOOD--NOT MORE THAN 9 HOURS (usually 8, depressed allow for 9 then force yourself up), TAKE A WALK. BUY A JUICER AND A good NUTRITION BOOK...AND GOOD LUCK TO YOU!!!! 	2	2	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	The person who said he lets patients commit suicide is totally wrong and does not know the facts of the cases. No one lets someone commit suicide, they do it on their own.He is an exceptionally brilliant man and very caring and understanding. No one knows drugs like he does.  	3	3	4	5 	Insurance:Medicare
35	1	Dr Abuzzahab is the most experienced and ethical psychiatrist in the twincities. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	-1	Worst dr ever! Lets his patients commit suicide and does not give them the proper medication. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	Dr. Abuzzahab is better qualified at psychopharmacology than anyone you will ever meet. He also genuinely cares about his patients. If you wind up waiting or making someone else wait, it's because he gets so thoroughly engrossed in his work, that he won't end the appointment until everything is taken care of. Counseling/psychotherapy is not his interest or his forte, and you're on your own in finding someone to fulfill that part of your treatment. 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	Excellent physician. 		2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	Dr. Anderson is fabulous!  She is my child's pediatrician and was there from the day he was born each step along the way.  She is very caring and knowledgable and is good with kids.  She has great suggestions and is warm and personable and I would recommend her to anyone.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
36	1	Dr. Anderson has been my primary dr for ~ the last 3 yrs. She has addressed a variety of medical issues with me and she has been knowledgeable about the things we've discussed, readily answers any &amp; all questions, &amp; seems to show a genuine interest in me as a person. My one reservation with her has been in her treatment of my anxiety &amp; depression. Although my screening scores were in pretty serious territory, she seemed reluctant to diagnose &quot;depression&quot; and prescribe anti-depressants unless I asked for them specifically. She offered suggestions about things I could change that may help, but I had the feeling that she herself has never struggled with serious mental health issues &amp; perhaps didn't understand that it isn't as simple as taking a daily walk &amp; doing things you enjoy. But once we got past that, she has always listened to my requests, returned my calls in the same day, &amp; gotten me the meds I needed. Her staff are hit or miss, some are downright rude, some are great.  	3	4	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
37	1	. excellent care 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
38	0	They really push having extra procedures (that your insurance doesn't cover) done.  Felt like they were trying to squeeze as much $ out of us as possible.  Receptionist is pushy. Don't really feel comfortable there.  	2	4	3	3 	Insurance:Delta Dental
38	0	My problem was more with her assistant.  An area was numbed that didn't need to be by the direction of the assistant.  Another time, was told incorrect information by the same assistant about which teeth would have a crown and which would have a new filling.  	3	4	3	2 	Insurance:Delta Dental
38	-1	I had two crowns done by Dr. Amundson, a horrible experience. Dr. Amundson uses a lab to create the crowns, which means you go in, take impressions, have her prep the tooth, then use a temporary crown (which for me fell off often) for a week while you wait for the lab to deliver the real crown. That was bad enough, but then she put in one of the crowns incorrectly, so when I came in for a 1 week followup she had to take new impressions, drill the crown away, and I had to wait another week with a temp until the new crown arrived. I've since moved away, HOWEVER, every dentist I have seen since has recommended to replace one of the crowns Dr. Amundson put in, due to a bad fit and risk of decay.  Note that now when I look for a dentist, I look for one who has a mill. They take 3D images of the tooth, and the computer creates the crown right in front of you. It gets milled, they put it in, and you are done in one day. I just had one done this way, and it made a world of a difference. 	 10/14/10	4	4	2	Insurance:Unknown
38	0	The environment was very clean, staff was super nice but Dr. had bad bedside manner and does not know how to control pain...beware 	5	5	3	2 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	He is simply AMAIZING! He cares alot about his patients and making them comfortable, he is good at what he does and he does it well. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	The best of the best. If you want compassionate, clear and timely treatment from a doctor-this is the one. He is extraordinarily kind and seems to know all of his patients personally. It is like stepping back in time, when doctors actually knew each patient, their families and what their overall needs were. Tremendous fellow, I've never met any one like him and I have been in nursing for 30 years. He shows what health care should be in the US. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
41	-1	she looked over my face&body; so fast,I don't think she could of found anything that was important.She used some freeze stuff on my face.She did not ask me if I had plans for the next week.Went to work and people asked me if I fell on my face.My father died of skin cancer.I will never go back to her again. 	3	1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
41	0	Very professional, but was not very thorough with the exam. 		3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	. Great experience! She just &quot;fixed me up&quot; and sent me on my way! No pressure, affordable! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	1	Very caring Physician for our family for the past 12 years. Always listens to our concerns and discusses all the possible options. We feel truly blessed to be under Dr.Albright's care. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
44	-1	This man, in hindsight, does not answer questions.  He has perfected the art of pretending to listen to concerns.  He then manipulates the patient to go along with his ajenda.  I suffered numerous adverse effects.  Some were life thretening. He blamed the victum, not the drug.  I was not listened to really.  I wanted off the drug for 3 years.  At the end when I felt near death, he still would not relent.  I realized that I had been in some undeclared mental war .  I did not even know when it had started. I knew when it was over and so did he.So sad that power and control are more important than the life of others.  We see this discusting abuse of power over and over again.  Still, we delude ourselves that it could never exist in this profession or this institution.  Time to stop the archaic pratice of one person controlling the input on the records.  The patient needs to have his own documentation in the medical record.  There needs to be more accountability and transparency here too.  	5	4	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	1	Contrary to the other post i thought he was awesome he took the time to look at my teeth instead of just doing a root canal that probably wouldnt have been sucsessfull any how and then took the time to help me decide on a perminant approach to repairing my smile he recomended deep cleaning and extraction of several teeth to allow for a partial denture to fix the problem versus just mask the problem i agree he can almost come off a little rough but we kinda bumped heads but after we both took the time to listen each other it all worked out for the best. As for not caring about needles and such i had no problem he took time doing my injections and made sure i was comforable before he pulled my teeth and it was the best extraction i ever had after two or three day no pain and i have had multiple teeth pulled before by other dentists.  i would totally recomend him to any of my friends great dentist 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
45	1	great experience. wisdom teeth were extracted fast and pain free.  recommended ++++ 	5	4	5	4 	Insurance:Delta Dental
45	-1	Undeniably the worst dental experience I have ever had.  Even though I had told him I was a needle-phobe, he was unsympathetic and yelled at me for reacting when he stuck me with a needle.  (He also didn't wait until I was numb to stick me.)  The root canal procedure took three visits to complete, and had to be redone by another dentist several weeks later due to his incompetence.  The rest of the dental office staff was great and patient and helpful, but I would still not return to Dr. Alhomsi even if I was paid to do so.  	5	3	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
46	-1	. FOUND HIM TO BE A VERY COLD AND DID NOT CARE ABOUT MY NEED 	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:MSP
46	1	This doctor really cares about helping people. He takes time to get to know the patient and always helps me. I would recommend him anyday. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
47	1	I absolutely love this Dr!! He is the only reason I am alive today. He was on call and saved my life. They gave me a 10% chance at living and a 20% at even walking/talking again. He put my head back together and I can still do everything i did before my ATV accident. Words cant describe how much i owe this man. I love you!! Thank you. Jordan Strohkirch 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
47	1	Outstanding physian in all respect. I am alive today because of him. Michael Yedoni 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
47	-1	He did not like it if you asked questions - very rude, arrogant and insensitive to patients feelings and concerns. 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
47	-1	This doctor's only concern is who is paying the bill and when will it get paid. The first 10 minutes of each visit is spent discussing the billing situation. Very rude and unattentive to the patient. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
48	-1	Went in one time.  The guy didn't say much.  I had to ask what he thought and at that point he pretty much told me I was crazy and there was nothing I could do about (except pay him to sit there and say nothing). 	2	3	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	I spent over a year and a few doctors to find someone that worked with people in recovery and understood my challenges and views on medications. He was worth the wait. Is direct, caring and takes the time to get to know you. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	Dr. Albee is a very careful listener and was able to succeed where others failed with a proper diagnosis 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	Dr. Albee is very knowledgeable about medications and allows me to be part of my treatment. He is very kind and helpful. I enjoy my visits.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	-1	.  	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:Assurant
49	1	An excellent psychologist.  Caring and empathetic to a patients issues. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	Cares about patients and trust his care. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	Dr. Anderson is great and knowledgeable about how the body works and how to best help you heal.  Been going to him for 5+ years and have no complaints! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
51	1	Dr. Anderson is a very informative doctor. She takes a great deal of time with her patients and has an amazing bedside mannner. She is understanding and sensitive to one's needs. She suggests options regarding a patient's care and her follow up is the best i have experienced ever! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	Dr. Adson is friendly, knowledgable, and professional. He always recommends interesting articles or books for me to read to better manage my depression and anxiety. Generally, he is always running on time with his appointments and his staff are also kind and helpful. It is difficult to find a good psychiatrist, I've learned from experience. I really like Dr. Adson and I'm glad that I was referred to him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	Dr. Adson has really helped me! He is knowledgeable about medications and other things I could do to improve my mental health ie.. vitamin D, fish oil, a sunlamp, consult with a hormone specialist. He is pleasant and professional, always on time in my experience and geniune. Dr. Adson always returns my calls promptly and it is easy to get in to see him if I'm having trouble. I am also impressed that he also does research at the U of M and used to be a medical doctor prior to becoming a psychiatrist. I would highly recommend him. He has helped me out immensely.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
52	0	Doctor Adson seemed knowledgeable, but did not have the best &quot;bedside manner&quot; for lack of a better term.  I came in needing some guidance as well as some medicine management, as I have a history of depression &amp; anxiety, but had recently begun getting anxiety attackes.  I dont feel like he really listened to me, gave me some new perscriptions and a plan to wean from my old meds to the new ones.  When the plan wasnt working (I was experiencing 24/7 anxiety and feeling like absolute crap) I was not able to get ahold of him for help or advice and felt I had no other choice but to stop the new treatment, suffer for a couple of days and go back to my old meds.  When I finally got another appointment, he gave no good explanations of what happened and no alternatives to try.  Made me feel like this guy doesnt have a very good understanding of how crippling constant anxiety can be...  	3	4	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
53	1	Excellent doctor.  He is very knowledgable and helpful. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	. very helpful 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
54	1	Outstanding pediatric urologist.  My son had a midshaft hypospadias and the outcome was excellent.  Dr. A. is a gifted and talented surgeon and treated both my husband and I with respect.  He answered all of our questions in language we could understand. We spoke with the nurses at the hospital who work with him and they had nothing but praise for him.  They told us this is the doctor they would take their children to.  We totally agree.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	-1	. Has history of 2 arrests for DWI , served 40 hours community service 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:HealthPartners
55	1	Dr. Abboud is the absolute best doctor I have ever seen.  Not only did he give me the most thorough exam, but he told me what he was doing and why he was doing it. He greeted me with a smile and left me with a warm hug. He joked with me and gave me such a positive feeling that I couldn't help but offer a prayer of thanksgiving for him. God sure knew what He was doing when he created Dr. Abboud.   Each time I saw him, he remembered me, my family, my unique situation and truly cared for my physical and emotional wellbeing. He made sure to call when I was in the hospital and went out of his way to get in touch with me when my hospital phone was turned off.  He left me with his personal cell phone number and instructed me to call him during his own personal time.  I cannot speak enough kind words about this man and will drive 4.5 hours to see him for every appointment. He's worth it. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	Dr. Abboud is an excellent doctor. He is very personable, knowledgeable and treats patients with the utmost respect. He is very thorough and really listens to what his patients have to say. I had a pituitary tumor removed in 1986 and have been seeing Dr. Abboud every 3 years since that time. He sees so many patients, but always acts like he remembers me and is interested in me as a person. I have never been to a better doctor. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	Very skilled in the treatment of post-stroke arm and leg spasticty. Has significant experience in using Botox injections (Medicare approved) for nerve destruction to treat spasticity.  	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Medicare
57	-1	Greg seems to be a good therapist, or so I thought. I saw him several weeks and each time there was one or more comments poking fun at Christians and/or talking about himself in great detail. I appreciate his level of education, but am not there to talk about him and his GPA.  Clearly he showed more than a bit of prejudice in other religions. Why religion was even mentioned is beyond me. The subject was never brought up by me.  He seems to like to hear himself talk about himself too much.  	 7/5/11	3	4	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
57	-1	No office staff. Just a waiting room with chairs. Dr Alch seemed nice enough, until he started talking about &quot;good Christians&quot;. Also, his technique is slow. I agree not to rush things, but Dr Alch doesn't even encourage. He just waits. Such a waste of time, both his and mine. Again, he seems quite sympathetic, but I am not sure of his reasons for comments he makes. He obviously has an issue with Christianity. I was a bit offended. He laughed at the comment.  I didn't. His ego seems a bit inflated and he comes across as arrogant at times. It is mixed too. He also comes across as caring.  I saw him for just over 2 years. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	Dr. Alch doesn't take Medicare, but I am willing to pay whatever I can to see him. He is incredible. Great insight and very easy to talk to. Very smart and works in many areas: depression, marriage and family, pain, PTSD, and more. Wonderful doctor 	 11/7/06		5	5	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	Very professional, knowledgeable, personable.  Treats every question as an important one.  Very respectful of the patient. Always has a female nurse come into the room for the exam.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
58	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Akkerman for 15 years.  He has performed major surgery on me, helped my husband and I through fertility issues (resulting in healthy twins) and seen me through numerous irregularities in my reproductive system as well as being my gynecologist for routine checkups. At every single visit he has been attentive, kind, warm, and helpful.  He has always listened to my concerns and opinions and explained things to me in a way I could understand.  I have never felt rushed and in fact am usually encouraged to sit a moment and think about anything else I might like to ask during any given appointment.  This doctor is the reason I have my children and he if leaves Park Nicollet Burnsville, I will follow to whatever clinic he goes to.  I cannot recommend him highly enough. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	He is a very knowledgeable doctor and takes the time to explain the procedure, the situation and my results to both myself and my partner. He is very receptive to my needs and accommodates them when he is able to. I was pretty nervous about the procedure, but with him talking me through what he was doing the whole time, and stopping to ask if I was doing okay after each step, he put me at ease. I would definitely recommend him to someone that would like a doctor that would take the time to explain what they are doing and what we could expect.  Kudos! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
58	1	My husband and I are trying to conceive for over a year. I was referred to Dr Akkerman after beeing seen by another doctor. He was very helpful and knowledgable. He was very professional, took a long time and explained our options in detail without dwelling on emotions. He inquired about my husband's tests previously ordered by another doctor and offered to call on Christmas Day with the results. This was as good of an experience as one can have dealing with a health problem.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
58	-1	Dr. Dale Akkerman is someone I would never refer to anyone. I was very disappointed in my consultation and how I was treated. I contacted the clinic after my visit to complain and they had Dr. Dale Akkerman contact me directly via phone.  He was short with me and seemed annoyed with my questions.  I felt very uncomfortable and because of this experience I will no longer be a patient with Park Nicollet in Burnsville 	3	3	1	2 	Insurance:CIGNA
58	-1	I have had 4 babies. My last one was threatening to come on an evening that Dr. A Hole was on call. He was rude, condescending and completely unempathetic on the phone .  Lets put it this way, I wasn't in any hurry to have this guy deliver my baby.  I was fortunate to have the baby early the next morning and had a different OB deliver my 4th child.   Crisis averted! 	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
58	1	I have seen Dr. Akkerman my whole pregnancy. He has addressed every concern, question, you name it. He is always gentle with me, and explains things to me so I can totally understand whats going on. He always makes sure all my questions are answered, and has been consistent during visits. I love him! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	Dr. Akkerman is a good doctor and provides quality prenatal care.  Dr. Akkerman was very knowledgeable, but didn't have any empathy to my aches and pains. He told me to &quot;get used to it&quot;.  Those were his exact words.  I didn't expect 100% resolution.  I was just wondering if he had any ideas I hadn't tried yet to get more comfortable.  I also informed him that I was going to try and have a natural birth.  He said if I was in too much pain, I'd just have to have an epidural.  I reminded him that I wanted a natural birth.  He said,&quot; You'll want the epidural.&quot;  I was more than a little tick off at his comment.  So I switched to a Certified Nurse Midwife.  I am so much happier now. Dr. Akkerman is very good at medicine and prenatal care, but looking at what the patient wants is not his strong suit.  Would I go to him again&#63; No.  Would I recommend him&#63;  Yes, only if the person was not set on a natural birth.  	5	5	2	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
59	1	Great personality and very skilled with preoceedures.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	1	Very efficient and to-the-point. Accurately diagnosed and treated problem. Staff very knowledgeable and helpful. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	Very caring and concerned about her patients.  She always does follow-up phone calls to see how her treatment is working. I feel like I can talk to her about anything.  	5	5	5	4 	Insurance:Medicare
60	1	Dr. Anderson listens and suggests solutions.  She is normally &quot;on time&quot; with your appointment but doesn't rush through if you have a problem to discuss. She is patient and speaks regular &quot;english&quot; instead of &quot;doctor talk&quot; so she can be clearly understood.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
60	-1	The WORST doctor I have EVER seen! Incredibly uncaring and cold. She made a snap diagnosis (which TERRIFIED ME) and then told me she would follow up with test results in 3-4 days. 7 days later and no results. I was going out of my mind so I called and the nurse was able to tell me that my test results were negative. Not only had she misdiagnosed me, she let me wait thinking there was something wrong with me. Probably the WORST experience of my life.  Stay away! 	2	4	1	1 	Insurance:HealthPartners
60	-1	 	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
61	-1	This doctor was rude, uncaring and often seemed only interested in how many people he could see for getting medicare reinbursements.  My father did not get the care he needed or paid for using this doctor.  He did not like it when you questioned his decision.  	3	2	1	2 	Insurance:Medicare
61	1	Awesome doctor He thinks outside the box. He knows that things arent always as the textbook says. Short to the point which people take as rude. I wouldnt call him a buddy but he's a very knowlegeable doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
61	1	Do not go see him if you are slightly ill or have a low tolerance for pain.  He is very knowledgeable but do not expect him to be your best friend.  People may complain about his bedside manner but he knows what to do, how to do it, and how to get you moving on.  I will take a top doctor that is like a machine over the nice one who was in the bottom half of their class (remember half the doctors out there were).  	3	4	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
61	-1	This guy is a rude, uncaring, & unhelpful as they get. I saw him one time for a 3 week long cold that was not improving. Just to make sure it wasn't something worse. He treated me like a child & acted as though I should know better than to waste his time with a cold. I never saw him again. One of my siblings took our father, who had Alzhiemers, to see him when he PCP was out. They said he was rude, very short, rushed through the appointment & didn't know anything about Alzhiemers. Do NOT waste your time with this guy. 		3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
62	-1	Trained as a pediatrician in Egypt, he did a residency in psychiatry at UCLA. He claimed to be knowledgable about endocrine problems, but he was neither conscientious, staightforward, nor even available when needed. In addition, I think his personal background  makes him illsuited to practice psychiatry...he should stick to his rat studies.  	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
63	1	Is easy going, kind and very professional, asked about interest of patient as well symptoms that where presented. Exam was thorough. 	5	5	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
64	-1	I went in with muscle spasms in my back, which I have had frequently over the past 10 years. After describing my history with back pain (being repeatedly cut short by him), he assessed my back for less than 30 seconds, then diagnosed me with adolescent disc disease. His only instructions were to take Aleve, and other than that, there was nothing that could be done. When I suggested a possible connection with certain food allergies, he disregarded it, saying &quot;it's not in the literature.&quot;) So, just like that, years of my experiences and hypotheses were thrown out as impossible. With my understanding of his disgnosis and plan for recovery far from clear, he walked out of the room. He never said &quot;any questions&#63;&quot;or &quot;goodbye.&quot; I didn't know if he was coming back or what I was supposed to do. Within 10 seconds, I heard him check in with another patient next door. I left the appointment feeling discouraged, disempowered, and more confused than when I went in. I DO NOT recommend this doctor.  	5	3	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
65	1	Dr. Allen is a wonderful doctor with great &quot;bedside manner.&quot;  He not only listens, but he searches for numerous solutions to your problem.  He is knowledgeable in regards to the newest medicines and research being used for treating GI disorders.  He also makes himself very accessible to patients.  He isn't too proud to reach out to other doctors for help in finding a treatment or coming up with a diagnosis.  It is clear that Dr. Allen is passionate about his patients as well as his career. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	Dr. Allen is very knowledgeable and gives helpful hints. He reviews all tests with thoughtfulness before giving any recommondations.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	1	Dr Anderson is kind, compassionate and best kind of MD around. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	In 1997 Dr. Aggarwal worked in PICU at St Mary's Hospital in Duluth where my grandchildren were brought following the car crash that killed their parents. Dr. Aggarwal is the person we credit with the children being alive today. The little girl was diagnosed by him as suffering from blunt force trauma to her heart and he sent her to a cardiac surgeon in the Twin Cities. The children's families were all at the hospital with them and so Dr. Aggarwal technically had all of us as patients as well. I have never seen such amazing ability to communicate complicated medical situations as we experienced with this outstanding doctor. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	Dr. Anderson is very caring, friendly, professional, and knowledgeable, as well as an excellent surgeon.  She was concerned about me as a person, not just as a patient. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	Very pleased with the care I received. Extremely kind, and made me feel at ease. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
69	-1	I saw her for many years just because it's hard to find a Psychiatrist.  I never liked the feeling I got from the first day I met her.  I was shocked that she is very cold and stuffy.  Definetly not what you would want from a Psychiatrist. She did not seem to want to do anything extra to try and help.  I would never recommend her.  	2	4	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	-1	Completely rude and self-centered. Worst bedside manner I've seen in my life. Blindly pick any other MD in the entire state and I guarantee it'll be a better experience. 	5	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
69	-1	rude, arrogant and unhelpful. I would not recommend her to anyone. 	1	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
70	-1	 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	My 36 year old husband had a stroke and Dr. Altafullah gave him TPA to dissolve it asap.  My husband had very little residual from his stroke and we really liked Dr. Altafullah's care and follow up. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
71	-1	doesn't listen to patients. downtalks patients. went to see 2 drs said i had back problems and he looked at yr old x-rays and said I was fine. Other Dr.'s took new x-rays and noticed problems.  	5	2	1	1 	Insurance:Veterans Administration
72	1	It takes some time to warm up to this doctor and get to know and trust her, but I have been dealing with her for few years now,& I think she is finally getting the picture and past some of the sterotypes us &quot;chonic pain&quot; patients deal with. I recently seen her twice for major headaches. First time she took xrays for neck and had ct done of head. Neck xray shows issues which use to take MRI's to see-so you know it's gotten worse. Half my disks are in 2nd &amp; 3rd stage degeneration. Told her no more shots, and definately no cutting as if you start their is no finish until I would basically be a rod from top to bottom and have 4 wheels for legs---told her ain't happening--enjoy what little I have left despite  pain levels always very high. I don't have much, but I appreciate what I have. Anyway, she listened and gave me more pain meds to handle it, and something to sleep. Helping some but still not good. Anyway just want her to know I appreciate the help. Not prefect but better. Thank You. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
72	0	She doesn't really think about things like. Prescribing prescriptions you can get off the shelf because its cheaper to do it that way.  	2	3	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
72	0	The dollar amount includes co-pay. Like the other poster I found Dr. Allen to conduct herself very robot like, she is simply in and out like a flash, I prefer dealing with her NP, she just doesnt really give patients her time, or empathy and whats worse, is it appears she doesnt review your file before she comes in, this is a must for me when as a patient I am looking to the doctor to be working with me to solve whatever problems I have. I left once feeling as if we on the same page to return a month later at an agreed upon date and time to find she couldnt recall why I was back! REALLY&#63; In order to have a meaningful conversation with her you have to have all your questions in written down to cover all your concerns. Often times I leave with more questions and a since of not accomplishing a thing.  	4	2	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
72	-1	She is like a robot. No empathy and does not spend extra time with you. 	3	4	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	Dr. Abrahamson and his staff are the best in the business!  They are caring, professional, and experts at what they do!  Their equipment and technique are top notch and I should know - I have been to many dentists over the years.  I have never been so comfortable, or experienced such painless procedures.  I am really thankful to have found Dentistry on the Pond and would strongly recommend Dr. Abrahamson and his team to anyone! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
74	-1	We had a horrible experience. He was kurt and rude. His staff was nice, he had two nurses that were great. I believe he is very skillful, but his bedside manor and insight on people was disappointing. 	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
75	1	. Very knowledgeable and caring! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
76	1	 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
77	1	I have always found this doctor helpful and caring. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
77	-1	Dr. Aby has been sanctioned by the Minnesota Medical Board (Minnesota Board of Medical Practice takes action against Worthington's Robert Aby Saturday, January, 20, 2007 - Worthington Daily Globe - News,http://www.dglobe.com/archive/index.cfm&#63;page=sea...). He is rude, has few &quot;people skills,&quot; and does not seem knowledgeable about treatment options. 	4	4	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	He saved my life with early detection of renal cell carcinoma.  He is very thorough!  He is kind and patient.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
79	-1	Waste of time and money!!I have never met a doctor that was so rude and unhelpful. 	4	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
80	-1	She dismissed my health concerns which ended up being very serious. If I wouldnt have went to another doctor for a second opinion I would not have had my surgery in time. Another issue I have with her is that I had a few health concerns and I thought they might be related and she said I had to make a different appointments for each one. Which I did and she said that they were not connected which they ended up being.  	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:HealthPartners
81	1	 	5	5	5	3 	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	Dr. Anderson is a great doctor. His secretary on the other hand needs to learn how to talk to people without being extremely rude. 	1	1	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	Wonderful experience, if I had known how good he is at carpel tunnel release I would have had it done several years before I did. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
83	1	i have been seeing Dr, anderson for 11 years,he gave me my quality of life back. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
83	1	Everyone, Please note that I'm a professor within the rehabilitation arena. Dr. Anderson has been my primary pain doctor since summer, 2008. I am so impressed with this gentleman. He is so bright, caring, responsive, genuine and very engaged with each of his patients. Since he worked with me, I feel 90 % better. His treatment mode (medicine) coupled with a cognitive reframing as well as his suggestion to excercise and &quot;be kind&quot; to my back has had a tremendous outcome. Really, he's one of a kind. Sometimes, I forget and he reminds me of Robert Wagner's supervisor on It Takes a Thief. That comment is for those of you old enough to remember that. Or he also looks like the guy in the passenger seat of the Charger in Bullet. Beside the point. He is a scholar, physician, gentelman, etc. You will not find another as devoted. In addition, Connie and Denise are angels. Oh, Tammy (NP) extremely bright, too. I sometimes  have difficulty paying attendtion with her,  Barbara Eden lookalike. Thanks!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
83	1	I known Dr. Anderson for 20+ years and he and the staff are wonderful.  I had cancer then was in a car accident and he treated me with the upmost respect.  I found him again about 7-8 years ago and I am go glad I did!  He is the most genuine Dr. that there is out there. The staff has turned over some but no matter who is there, they are always polite, courteous, and really care. Without him, I would have gone on mis-diagnosed and wouldn't have known how severe my condition really is.  Thanks Dr.  Anderson and staff! 	 1/27/11	5	5	5	Insurance:HealthPartners
83	1	EXCELLENT in his field. He will get your life back if you have suffered chronic pain of any sort.My first appt was over 2 hours and extremely thorough and even though I cried tears of joy and pain, he showed me that he genuinely cares for his patients and that is rare these days. Keep it up Dr A and staff, you all deserve a first class rating in my books!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	Dr. Adams is the best. Very knowledgeable, relaxed/non-rushed, and friendly. He presents treatment options clearly and takes time to both listen and explain. Highly recommended.  	 1/8/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
84	1	He is very sincere and truly takes time to listen to his patients.  He's been my doctor for years now.  	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
85	1	 	4	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	Very professional and very efficient. I would recommend him to anyone! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
87	-1	I just had my first and last appointment with Dr. Abols. The office is inept and that should have been my first sign. She read from a report and said, you need surgery. 10 minutes of work and I am being sent to UM Neurosurgery.Guess what, I now have scheduled an appointment with Mayo Clinic. We will start over. My meningioma tumor was found via CT-scan for something else. I have no symptoms. GP ordered MRI and yes, I have a tumor. Went to Abols and she acted like I was intrrupting her day. Her opinion was that I need surgery and told to go to University of Minnesota. Done, goodbye and when I reached out to shake her hand, she ignored me. Oh, she ordered an EEG which would be done afer I meet with Neurosurgeon. I'll xx that and let Mayo figure out what I need. They were smooth as silk just setting up the appointment. Customer service all the way.That does not exist in Abols office from reception, to nurse to scheduling.  	1	5	2	2 	Insurance:Medicare
87	-1	In 02 I had my 1st seiz, however, I was told that I was not epileptic & that many have just 1 seizure. At age 30, I had a 2nd seiz. I decided to consult with Abols to help identify a diagnosis & a treatment plan. After several tests, & rounds of questions w/ Abols, not once did she spend more than 5 min w/ me, or offer up a diagnosis, instead she gave me general antiseiz meds. I then had a 3rd seiz & a 4th within wks of each other. When I began to complain about the effects of the antiseiz meds I received stern, off putting msgs fr Abols nurse telling me that I must continue to take them & further increase the dosage! Not until I refused to increase the dosage of the antiseiz meds did Abols show interest. When asking her again for a diagnosis, she responded by saying &quot;you have seizures, which means you have a seizure disorder, this is your diagnosis.&quot;  I could have figured out that I'm having seiz w/o the 500+ dollars spent on tests & run arounds w/ Dr Abols. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
87	0	I should preface my comments by saying they relate my own unique experience, which was limited to two very brief appointments. On both occasions Dr. Abols demonstrated poor bedside manners (yes, neurologists are notorious for this).  I believe she was rudely brief and abrupt. She seemed hurried, impatient, and nervous.  I almost felt like I was inconveniencing her-and I was flipping the bill!  While I noticed no deficiencies in terms of knowledge or ability, she certainly might improve her people skills.  People are not computers or machines.  	5	5	1	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
87	1	Dr. Abols is a good Doctor. She is willing to try different alternatives to help with pain management, treatment and over-all care. Her bed-side manner is cool..but she gets the job done. She is very intelligent and keeps up in her field of practice. I would recommend her to anyone with a difficult neurological problem. 		5	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	Very warm and friendly.Answers questions calmly. Very knowledgeable. Appears relaxed and not always in a hurry. Excellent bedside manners. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
89	-1	She was very late and was very adamant but out-of-date about matters outside of her area of expertise.  A so-so doc who needs considerable improvement in relating with patients. 	 3/4/09	2	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
90	1	Has been my personal physician for about 20 years and it has all been good.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
90	1	My father and I went to Dr. Anderson about his back problems, the doctor was very patient and understanding, he explained the options my father had until we were both satisfied and clear on what could and could not be done.  I would encourage any of my friends or family to consider visiting Dr. Anderson. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	Diane Adamski is a wonderful doctor!  She has been very helpful with all 3 of our children.  Our youngest is adopted and has some special needs.  She has been a wonderful support and I'm very thankful that we found her! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	Dr Adamski was my Pediatrician 20 years ago and now treats my daughters.  She is very knowledgeable but does tell you exactly how it is.  She is great when it comes to allergies.   My girls love her and her nurse Cheryl! 	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
91	1	Dr Adamski is very knowledgeable and helpful. She allowed us to space out our daughter's vaccinations due to unusual circumstances. She listens carefully to our questions and answers everything for us. Unfortunately, the clinic itself leaves a lot to be desired (long wait times just to schedule appointments, no well-child area in the waiting room, etc).  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
91	-1	Dr. Adamski is great if your child fits the cookie-cutter mold. If you want to pursue alternative medicines/treatments or if you have a unique situation, she is terrible. I wanted to pursue an alternative diet for my daughter and Dr. Adamski was rude, insensitive, critical and condecending...twice! I pulled my kids from her clinic and am in the process of pursuing a more understanding, kind-hearted doctor.  	5	1	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
91	-1	Dr. Adamski has NO bedside manner. I have no doubt she is knowledgeable but is extremely detached from her patients. I would never take my children to her again! 	5	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
91	-1	She was rude and extremely incensitive when giving my husband and me unfortunate information concerning our daughter. Showed NO signs of compassion. We are transferring our children out of her clinic.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Tricare
91	1	Dr. Adamski was my ped 26 years ago and is now my daughter's doctor.   I trust her knowledge and have been very happy with the care and understand she provides our family!  Highly recommended! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
91	1	Dr.Adamski is always helpful and is able to answer any questions that I may have. She doesn't leave the commucation up to the nurses 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
92	-1	This is the worst doctor.  He is just greedy about getting vein surgeries.  He suggested I lie about my symptoms so I could get &quot;cosmetic&quot; surgery for the other leg.  OUTRAGOUS.  DONT GO TO THIS GUY.  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
93	1	Dr Amadio is a fantastic surgeon! very positive experience.  I recommend him 100% 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
93	-1	horible bedside manner,3 failed surgeries.incompetent support staff.dr.amadio tried to force a care contract on me,because of all the foul ups  and multiple mistakes he and his staff made.i would not reccomend this doctor to anyone.he left me with a hand that is much worse and in horrible pain and will do nothing to correct the problem.do not waste your time or money on this nasty man.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
93	1	Dr. Amadio is a treasure of Mayo Clinic. He takes time to answer all my questions, is never in a rush, and explains the surgical procedure to me very well. He is thorough and makes sure he misses nothing so that my surgery will go very well. He is such a top-notch world-class surgeon that you can't even see where he made his cut! He is AMAZING! He was born to be a surgeon! When I call about something, either he or another doctor will personally return my call and spend time answering my question. No charge. I highly recommend Dr Amadio! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
94	1	Very passionate and caring. Took the time to explain my problem and performed a procedure on me that cured my heart electrical problem 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
95	-1	Dr. Alexander delivered our daughter 22 years ago in December. Our daughter was born 3 months prematurely, and likely could have been delayed had Dr. Alexander acted professionally and responded to calls made to her office prior to the forced premature birth of our first child. She had had her own child shortly before ours. Dr. Alexander was cold and unprofessional in our situation and our child suffered a lack of oxygen that cost her the use of her legs. Our daughter was eventually diagnosed  with cerebral palsy due to the lack of oxygen. We saw Dr. Alexander and her child at Byerly's when our children were about 2 years old, and she ignored us, even though she recognized us. She knew what she had done, and our daughter remains in a wheelchair due to her incompetence.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
95	0	Spent more time talking about her son and their trip to Europe than my medical care. Not impressed with her medical recommendations - seemed very &quot;routine&quot; and &quot;standard&quot;. 	2	1	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
95	0	Since she was 1.5 hrs LATE, she rushed me thru the appt. (I am 7+ months prego.) She didn't do one of the procedures I requested, she barely listened to me and suggested some tests/procedures I really don't think I need. I am going to seek a second opinion. The first time I had an appt scheduled with her, she called in sick that day and no one notified me. I have heard from another patient that she was always running late too. I hope she's not the Dr on call the day I deliver, IF she shows up at all, she will probably be late and miss the birth! Not impressed at all. 		1	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
96	1	 	4	5	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
97	1	I went to see Dr. Marc at 360 Chiropractic a couple of weeks ago for my headaches...which are completely gone by the way.  I had my doubts with chiropractic at first, but I am a believer now.  Thanks Dr.  Marc you are the best! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
98	1	Dr. Anderson has been a very good doctor for me. She takes her time and listens and answers my questions. She is very respectful of any concerns I have. I do not feel that she has ever talked down to be at all. I would recommend her to anyone looking for an internal medicine Doc.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
98	-1	The doctor is very nice, but ignorant how to handle complex health situations and doesn't even know what some labs are.  She told me to come back in three months when I have a serious health issue now!!  Internist are very lazy! 	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
98	1	Excellent doctor. Listens and takes time needed without rushing. Knowledgeable and caring. I am comfortable with her and very satisfied with care I receive. Would and have recommended her to friends and colleagues.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
99	-1	Dr. Alden is not a very good MD, he caused undo pain and suffering while acting as my surgeon. He showed little empathy and a lack of positivity.  	4	2	3	1 	Insurance:Medicare
