dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	Excellent doctor.  Really friendly staff.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	-1	I was not impressed with my visit.  The main reason I wanted to see a specialist is because I am going to start a family soon and my TSH level was 5.56.  My doctor and my OBGYN said it was very important that my TSH be under the 2.5 level so that the baby would be getting enough hormones.  I have researched this a lot on  my own with the same findings and wanted to make sure that I was on the right dosage/medication for this.  He did not seem concerned at all with my levels- over the past 2 years they had ranged from the lows 3s to 6- all over the range of .4-2.5 for pregnancy.  There are a lot of issues that can come about from being pregnant with a high TSH level and his reply that was it probably won't do me any harm or good- basically it didn't matter.  I would be on medicine for peace of mind. I think that was a potentially dangerous response and he also told me to go to thyroid.org which I did and it echoed the same research-that pregnant women should be within the .4-2.5 range. 	5	5	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	. Nwe patient very responsive to my questions 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
2	1	I &quot;inherited&quot; Dr. Schoonover as he was my endocrinologist's replacement -- I sure got lucky! It is always a pleasure to see him and I appreciate that he treats each visit more as a collaboration than him just telling me what to do.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
2	-1	Seen for possible GD. Late and condescending about it. Would not look at test results, current diet, or history. Told me to cut calories in half and didn’t even know what diet I was on and then gave the link to diabeties.org and left. Primary doc and nutritionist both said he was incorrect. Said baby’s size cannot be determined by ultrasound. Daily blood sugar tests are well below standards.  	 6/11/07		1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	1	If you are looking for a Doctor that is caring ,optimistic and has a beauutiful spirit you will find that in Dr Schoonover. He has been my Endo for 2 years to treat my diabetes. He is one of the best people you will ever meet in a life time. He is very knowledgeable and he listen to your needs to help evaluate the treatment that will work for you. I really recommend him and he has a great staff also. He's one in a million compared to the medical service we have today. He also is very timeley and professional. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	Just wounderful, he made me feel comfortable! he took the time to tell me exactly what is going wrong.  i would definently reccommend him!!!! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
2	1	Very good Dr. He has guided me through my Graves disease with care and expertis.  		2	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	-1	This doctor will only treat hypothyroidism if it is caused by an autoimmune disease or cancer. He believes the side effects of thyroid medication are more severe than the disease.  		3	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	Dr. O and his staff took the time with both of my children. He's is a really good guy. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	The very best there is, in all categories.  I highly recommend this family dentist's office. The staff is very friendly and Dr. Schultheis is very particular, very knowledgeable and so good natured.  It is fun to go the dentist! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	If you need a family Dentist he's the one. Very kind to all of my children. Funny with a enjoyable staff.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
4	1	. I was in for sore back and neck and not only was I feeling better almost immediately from the treatment and also I had the option to have him use Acupunture to help me! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	Dr. Salib took the necessary time to evaluate and wait to see if non-surgical means could reduce pain in my L5 S1 disc herniation.  He showed me exactly where the pain was coming from and after 6 months he said it was reasonable to go in and take care of it.  When I woke from surgery the pain was gone and it has not returned going on 2+ years now.  Highly recommend this doctor..  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
5	-1	very poor comunication skills. My fusion surgery was unsuccesful. I would not recomend this Dr to anyone.  	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
5	-1	Really a jerk.  Never touched my father, quickly looked at an MRI scan and told him he'd need a spinal fusion.   BEWARE 	1	1	2	2 	Insurance:Medicare
5	1	I would recommend him to everyone. He is a great surgeon. He doesn't just jump into surgery. He tries other things before he decides on surgery.  He is a fantastic doctor!!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
5	1	Dr. Salib has been caring for me for the last 5 years.  Excellent at listening to the patient and allowing you control over your care.  Excellent surgeon - I am very happy to have found him! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	Dr. Salib is a very patient doctor who only wants the best for his patients. I couldn't be happier with the results of my recent spinal fusion.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
5	1	Awesome doctor who knows his stuff. Willing to listen to his patients.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	1	Dr. Schriefer was my neurologist after a stroke that I had when I was 20 years old.  He is a very quiet man, but SO knowledgable!  He has always been available when I needed him.  He is just a wonderful doctor and he helped to save my life.  I would recommend him to ANYONE! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	When I lived in West Michigan, Dr. Schriefer was my doctor.  He is very thorough, takes lots of notes and follows up with you and your primary care physician.  He was always avaiable to treat my cluster headaches and made sure I could get enough Imitrex Injections to last through my 4 to 6 week cluster periods.  Now that I live in Alabama I sure do miss having him for my Neurologist. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	I have been beyond happy with &quot;The Schauff.&quot; After working with many doctors he was the only one that could help me with my problem and provide a problem-free surgery.  Couldn't imagine seeing another Ortho.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
7	-1	He only saw me for 5 minutes before recommending surgery.He does not take the time to accurately diagnos the condition, yet will offer surgery or a shot as the &quot;cure all&quot;. I would NOT recommend seeing this doctor. 	5	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	Dr. Schaffhausen is a very good and what he does and that would be surgery!! He has a wonderful bedside manner and good disposition, and I would agree he is always rushed. You do need to come in with a list of questions in hand a little bit of hang time and he is on to the next patient. I would not got to anyone else . 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	Schaff is a great doctor and knows his stuff but usually he is too much of a hurry to answer all of your questions or have the great bed-side manner he has when not rushed.  He has too many patients 	4	4	3	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	Dr. Schauffhausen is wonderful. He always makes sure that your questions are answered and he is good about not doing surgery on everything. Very trustworthy. I wouldn't go to anyone else. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	0	Too shot-happy. 		2	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
8	0	My first visit with him, he was rushing me.  Didn't seem very interested in what I had to say.  Made assumptions instead of making my care specific to me.  He's my primary doctor, he needs to take my care seriously since I'm going to have to come back to see him from now on.  	4	4	2	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	-1	 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	He did not seem to ask enough questions and I felt rushed 	4	5	4	3 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	I think I was probably just a bad fit for Dr Salazar.  I found it difficult to tell him (for example) I was having ED issues.  I also had some bad side effects with BP meds that he didn't catch and which I wasn't very proactive in as far as learning about them.  If I had one general complaint I think it would be that he spend more time spelling out things.  This is what this drug does here are the possible side effect.  This is your BP this is what it needs to be if its not we need to do a b or c.  That type of thing.  I felt clueless with him.  On the other hand I found him to be very friendly and helpful. 	5	5	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	Dr Salazar is very patient friendly he has a great ear for listening and then the answers he gives are specific to your ailments. He gets Very high praise from me and is a wonderful humanitarian 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	I have been a long time patient with Dr. Conrad. I feel utterly welcome every time I go into the office. Their staff is extremely helpful and Dr. Conrad always does provides top quality service. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	Dr Saari is wonderful! Had been told that I may nver have a child. Dr Saari took the time to explain what I needed to do and maintained excellant care through my high risk pregnancy.  I recommend her always! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	1	Dr. Saari and her collegues are wonderful! They were very understanding and helpful. I had a complicated pregnancy and they assured and cared for me all the way through. I now have a healthy, beautiful baby boy and many of the health issued I had that made getting pregnant difficult, have subsided.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	-1	I had a complicated pregnancy after IVF, and she made it very clear that she judged me, advising against future any pregnancy when other doctors have since assured me that my complications were due to my being pregnant with multiples. She was often dismissive, very intense and brusque, and refused to give information about what the future might hold. I got the impression that she was very concerned about liability, and while I have some sympathy for her there, other doctors were a lot more willing to treat me like an intelligent person and share studies and research with me. She often contradicted the other doctors in the practice without sharing why, leaving me confused and upset after every visit with her. I do suspect she knows what she's doing medically, maybe even very well, but her bedside manner could certainly use some work.  	2	3	1	3 	Insurance:HealthPartners
11	-1	Made many, many irresponsible mistakes. Saw her at six weeks and didn't take a health history until 4.5 months into pregnancy. Lost 24 hour urine test sample (1 gallon!), didn't write down results of 3 hour glucose test - I therefore had to repeat both. Called 1.5 hours AFTER I had JUST SEEN HER to ask why I hadn't been in for awhile (I never missed a single appt.) and called me by my name - she can't even recollect a patient she has been seeing for five months from hour to hour. There were even more serious errors than listed above - would definitely advise against seeing her.  		3	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	-1	Doesn't respect patients, irresponsible, tried to hide her mistakes from other doctors. 		2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	He is excellent, too bad he works for Fairview. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	I have seen Dr. Saxena several times for a variety of skin problems, and she has always been great.  She can diagnose issues and provide treatment options very quickly and efficiently.  One time, I had an issue that she was not immediately sure of, and she took a quick &quot;skin flake&quot; sample on a slide.  Most clinics I have been to would have to wait for lab results for something like that.  Not here -- Dr. Saxena went *herself* right away to go look at the sample under a microscope (she did not advertise this fact -- I saw her doing this when I was making a follow-up appointment with the nurse).  She figured out what the problem was and prescribed something that cleared it up.  She always seems to remember me when I go in, too, and she knows which problems I have had.  I would highly recommend Dr. Saxena to anyone who needs a dermatologist.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	-1	He was quite rude and dismissive over a couple of routine qestions. I refered myself to a specialist and found that Dr. Scanlon's diagnosis was completely in error. He also made some sexist remarks about women and their constant complaints.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	Met him in the hospital after a brain aneurysms operation and my family knew right then he was the Dr. for me. I saw him today and was amazed how well he knew my history.  I feel very safe in his care.  Very up on everything and very caring. Doesn't make you feel like you have to hurry and not waste his time.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
14	1	I'm sorry to say that while he was my physician for years I'vechanged. He failed to recongnize my emerging diabetes,I praticall hadto insist on a blood test after which we found I had indeed developed a full blown Type II condition. I've concluded he's been in his office too long, that he needs to get out. He is too quick to make judgements without adequate consideration. The last time I saw him he was rude and inconsiderate after I asked questions of his diabetes education nurse. She was in a rush to leave on her vacation but I was mearly insistant that some issues be explained. Dr. Scanlon,who was not present during the encounter with the nurse, chose to conclude it was I who was rude. I honestly believe he has (or had) lost touch with the importance of patient's participating in and taking responsibility for their own health. My new physican is terrific by comparison. John is a bit to used to nurses and patients cowtowing. 	4	5	4	3 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	Dr. Saxton is such a great doc - our kids love her, and she is always very accommodating.  She is so good, in fact, that we commute from Eden Prairie just to see her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
15	1	Dr. Saxton has been our two children's doctor since they were born (now 12 and 14). She is a great doctor who cares about her patients and makes herself readily available by phone to answer questions. My kids trust her and feel comfortable with her. I would highly recommend her to any family who's looking for a dedicated and caring doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
15	1	I highly recommend Dr Saxton.  She is friendly, positive, and knowlegeable.  She takes time to answer all of our questions.  It is also often possible to reach her directly by phone.  Further, my daughter adores her! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	-1	Don't care for her. She isn't the friendliest. I don't think she listens well or cares that much. When I went in for a pre-op physical all she did was ask me questions and listen to my heart and filled out the rest of the sheet. Nothing else was done, no bloodwork, no how are you feeling, nothing. 	4	3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
16	-1	Never very friendly and seems to have a negative attitude and most times when I see her she cannot give me a diagnosis. I dread going to see her because I know whatever I am being seen for she will discount it in some way. I am currently looking for a new Dr. 	4	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
16	-1	Dr. Sarpal has limited skills in dealing with anxiety disorders and panic attacks. Treatment approach was not effective. She has poor communication skills and lack of compassion. Bev 	2	3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
16	-1	I did not feel like she really cared or listened to me.  She did not do a good job of reviewing my chart.  Her bedside manner is not very good.  I think she improperly diagnosed me. 	5	5	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
17	-1	.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:HealthPartners
18	-1	In my initial meeting, Dr. Schwender was very upbeat and indicated that the surgery was routine and would fix my pain.  Nothing was mentioned about the potential that the pain could increase after the surgery.  I thought I signed up for a foraminotomy but he also performed a discectomy without my knowledge or consent.  After 2 surgeries, there are new, more debiliting pains in my back and leg.  I am now house-bound and have great difficulty simply walking from my bedroom to the kitchen and can no longer go for walks.  He may be technically a good surgeon, but he does not communicate well and does not explain the risks to allow me to make an informed decision.  I am much more worse off now than prior to the surgeries. 	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	Dr. Schwender aperated on me (2) yrs. ago. I have nothing but great things to say about him and his staff! I would recommend him to anyone with spine or back problems. Best Regards, Denny Ferris Mankato, Mn. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	I had initially gone to an orthopedic surgeon where I and my father had been going for bone and musculature types of needs.  They told me I needed to have a fusion and that I would be out of work for 3 months, they would go through my stomach to perform it.  I then found out about the  minimally invasive procedure online and asked my orthopedist if they did this type of operation and was told they did not, and didn't know of anyone in the twin cities doing it. I then found Dr. Schwender, and yes it took time to see him (he's obviously very busy). He did the minimally invasive procedure and I was back to work in just 4-1/2 weeks. I had the L5-S1 fusion with a discectomy (I believe it was the disc above the fusion area). Between vacation and sick time I didn't lose a day of pay. Later, he showed me pictures of my spine with the rods and the fusion area and my comment was that the alignment was flawless. The operation was in late 2006 and to this date I have no pain at all. Thank you Dr.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
18	-1	Initially saw Schwender in 09 and he said a fusion would help but recommended injections. I had 4-5 PARS injections over 2 years and then a facet joint injection which totally changed the nature of my pain and basically left me bed bound with a heating pad. I finally decided in order to get my life back I would need to have the fusion, however when I saw Schwender ( after a 3 month wait for an appt!) and a 2 hr wait in his exam room, he accused me of using illicit drugs as I looked 'strung out'. My husband, a physician himself, was with me and had never witnessed such unprofessional behavior before in his life. I've been living with incredible pain and this man has the nerve to accuse me of appearing as a 'meth addict' when I was seeing him to discuss having the fusion he initially recommended so I could get my life back! NEVER see this doctor -- he deserves to be reprimanded.  	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	1	Dr. and staff listened closely to what I had to say. Very professional, especially showing me what they were thinking and the ramifications for my treatment.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
18	-1	Dr. Schwender grossly misdiagnosed my spinal condition.  If I listened to him, I would have had surgery instead of a simple spinal injection! I'm fine now, no thanks to him! 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	I have reached my four-year milestone of my L5/S1 surgery. I had TLIF with instrumentation and a Capstone PEEK spacer instead of titanium screws. Doctor Schwender has given me a life of normalcy and a life free of 24/7 pain. He exemplifies the type of doctor every patient deserves: a very honest, dedicated, knowledgeable &amp; caring professional. In my humble opinion, he is one of the very best. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	Dr is very knowledgable, and is very good in making you understand what is goin on.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	1	My Mother asked an Orthopedic Surgeon in a different state, &quot;If you needed a Lumbar Fusion, who would you have do it&#63;&quot; His answer was Dr. James Schwender in Minneapolis. That's how I found Dr. Schwender. He removed the cages that were put in my spine by a different surgeon and fused my Lumbar Spine with screws and rods in 2005. My low back pain was finally under control. I would highly recommend Dr. Schwender to anyone who is looking for a state of the art surgeon. I found that he is very straight forward with you and he really knows his ****. Though he is a very busy man, he always treated me with a great deal of care and took the time to make sure I understood everything about my problem. He is a credit to his profession and is worth his weight in gold. If I have any further problems I know I can count on him and his staff.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
18	1	Dr Schwender is the most professional surgeon that I consulted with prior to having surgery. After exhausting all other options he still waited for me to make the decision to have the surgery. Only after the surgery did he tell me that I made the right choice. He changed my life completely. I went from giving up activity after activity (because of pain) prior to surgery, to now enjoying all the things that I used to love to do. I think he even added a few yards to my driving. I have nothing but respect for him, and would recommend him to any of my family or friends.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
18	1	I have always felt that Dr Schwender has had my best interest through out the years that I have been seeing him.  He has been helpful in pain management, and he has recommended only the surgeries that he felt would help me the most. The follow up visits were very helpful also.  He and his staff have made me feel that any question I ask is important.   Great Doctor and great team! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	1	Dr. James Schwender is an excellant surgeon. I had surgery in April 2008 and I believe he has given me a life back without the pain I had prior to the surgery. He is kind, gentle, and his staff is excellant..I cannot brag enough. My family is very pleased. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	I had an L5/S1 minimally invasive TLIF with instrumentation on me last year. I had grade 1 spondylolisthesis with a broken pars bone that eventually left me with 24/7 pain and radiculopathy down my left leg. The result is I no longer have 24/7 pain. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	Did an excellent job on my back surgery. He was going to do more extensive work but saw that my back was in better shape. Been pain free for 4 years. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	The best dentist ever. Very caring and thoughtful. Took extra time to explain everything and answer all my questions.  Made me feel extremely comfortable! Thank you so much! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
20	-1	This doctor was insincere, and ADMITTED that my appointment was a total waste of both of our times.  When I became upset and cried, she just left and said &quot;the nurse will be in&quot;.  No bedside manner whatsoever.  And when I suggested not charging for the visit, she thought it was a joke.  	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	Dr. Schmeling has performed several surgeries on my daughter who has Down Syndrome, the first when she was 11 months old. He probably does the best nissen fundoplycations around! Should my daughter need any further surgeries (can't see that happening, but ya never know!) we'll be back to him in a heartbeat! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	-1	Dr. Tom is horrible.  I cannot tell you how much I truly dislike him. He ruined me. I am now in more pain then ever because of him. I went there with no pain at all.. well just in my foot... and then I left with a BULGED disc. And he had the balls to keep asking me to come back! oh and I had to pay cash each time I came!  I hurt everyday because of him. Every morning I wake up and every night I go to bed im in pain! And on top of that im only 20 years old! I do not need this in my life right now! SO warning to all of you: DO NOT GO TO TOM SCHMIDTS CHIROPRACTIC OFFICE! you may never leave the same way you came! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	I absolutely love Dr. Savitt.  We accidently got him through Ready Care, and after that appointment, we knew he was the doctor for our son.  He's funny and outgoing and seems like he truly cares about my son's health.  And, of course, he is very knowledgeable and he really knows what he's talking about.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	Dr. Savitt takes the time to answer questions and always does it with a smile and joyful manner. I would always recommend him as a doctor.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	Dr. Savitt takes time to listen to kids which is why he is sometimes late with appointments. However, I would'nt want any other doctor seeing my kids with an important problem. Both my children love him. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	Dr. Savitt is a very knowledgeable, fun, caring doctor. My kids really like him and he really takes the time with you (maybe why &quot;on time&quot; isn't perfect - but that's OK!). We get great care with him and are very happy to have him. 	5	3	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	-1	She is mean, and does not listen to what you are saying. When a referral is needed, she says that you can go to a local doctor.  After my last visit is when I decided to see a differant Doctor 	5	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	1	Dr. Scherf is one of the most caring and truthful Doctors I have ever had. She says it like it is. My sister all so goes to her, even though she lives 30 miles away. We have been seeing Dr. Scherf for many years, and will continue to see her. Thanks for being such a wonderful Doctor.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
24	-1	Doctor does not take the time to listen to her patients.  I have had this experience several times and have decided to find a different primary physician for my medical concerns to be addressed. What is in the best interest of her patients does not seem to be of concern.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:HealthPartners
24	-1	Does not take time to listen to patient's concerns.  Does not seem to be up to date on the latest medical information.  	4	4	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	1	She spends a lot of time with me.  She asks a question and listens to the answer.   I like her and so do my kids 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	0	Avoids being honest when asked questions regarding your medical condition.  		1	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	. Very competent,caring, and thorough!! My child has been seen her for years!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	1	Dr. Schlutter is very knowlegeable, and is willing to go the extra mile for her patients.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	-1	I will never see Dr. Salama again.  I was diagnosed with Thyroid Cancer in Dec of 2007.  When he informed me of the diagnosis, he said, I have bad news, you have cancer.  Then he got up and started to walk out of the room to leave.  I had a friend with me who stopped him and asked him several questions, which Dr. Salama was annoyed with.  Very unpleasant experience.  Very unpersonal and rude.  	3	4	1	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
28	1	I'm very pleased with her care.  Dr. Saeed is very polite and a good doctor. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	Very best doctor you can get! Sayovitz won't rush you ans will answer all your questions you need. He's a very caring doctor who you'll recieve great service from. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	She is the most thorough and caring doctor that I have ever encountered.  She always listens to what I have to say and is genuinely concerned for her patients. I drive over 30 miles so my children can see her.   She is an absolutely spectacular individual and a fantastic doctor! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
30	1	I love Dr. Scherer as do my 3 kids!  She was the on call ped. when we have problems with our 3 month old and was so great!  I now drive 15 miles to see her but well worth it!  Very professional and kind, willingness to listen and doesn't just treat the symptom but finds the cause!  I would highly recommend her.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
30	1	Dr. Scherer is an absolute gem of a person and a wonderful doctor.  She remembers my children well, is genuinely concerned for their well-being and always greets them with a cheerful smile.  We've seen other pediatricians out of necessity and none have ever measured up to Dr. Scherer.  She is the kind of person you want as a neighbor and friend.  I have to drive 20+ miles to bring my kids to see her and will never hesitate to do so. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	Dr.Scherer is excellent!!  She picked the right profession to go into, that is for sure!  My son just loves her and is NEVER scared at his doctor appointments.  She is patient, thorough, professional, soft spoken, and very personable and easy to talk to.  She always takes the time to answer all of my questions and I never feel that she is rushed.  She always goes the extra mile and doesn't just cover the basics.  She goes out of her way to do a good job and make sure that you feel comfortable leaving the exam room.  Her assistant is also superb.  Couldn't have picked a better pediatrician!!  I would recommend her to anyone. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	-1	.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:HealthPartners
31	-1	Dr. Sajor is quite possibly the worst docotor I have ever seen.  He does not listen, and makes judgements based on what he think he hears.  He does not take the time to read the chart or take an accutate history.  I would not reccomend him, anyone else is better than him. 	 1/13/10	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
31	-1	Doctor is very unconcerned and detached. Never returns phone calls. Only wants more and more very expensive treatments. Does not return calls to my primary Doctor.  Is only available to talk if you schedule an appointment and he charges you for that.  Worst of the worst.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
31	-1	I found Dr. Sajor to be overly skeptic, despite significant medical records in support of severe pain. Dr. Sajor seems only interested in decreasing medication and getting out the door! 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	Excellent doctor.  Highly recommended.  Very knowledgeable and personable.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	1	Very good doctor always willing to listen and make you feel like your child is the only one he sees 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	He is one of the most helpful and understanding doctor I have ever met and had. I have alot of medical problems and when all other doctors had given up on me, he never has.  Thank you dr salstrom! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
35	0	Dr Sahlstrom is very nice, but very unprofessional.  He performed my annual exam without a nurse in the room.  I don't know what he did, but by the time he was finished, I was sweating and wanted to cry. 	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
36	-1	This doctor did nothing for me. She listend to my symptoms and sent me on my way. She is crazy.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
37	1	Dr. Sassoon was very informative, and personable when talking with me about my surgery. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
38	-1	While at first Dr. Schaffner was very helpful in diagnosing and treating my gastroparesis.  After failed J-tube attemps and running out of options other thatn chrnic TPN I asked about enterra therapy (gastric stimultion/pacing) his reply was that the Mayo clinic does not believe in it and from that point on he was very unhelpful.  Since I have had the gastric pacer placed and it has changed my life, I am off TPN for the first time in 6 years.  No thanks to him! 	 1/13/10	4	3	1	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	Dr Schaeffner is so very helpful and so calming.  He knows exactly what tests need to be run, and does not keep you waiting for the results.  He always personally phones with results so that you can ask questions.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	1	Young and cheerful. He knows his stuff and really works with the patient to create a plan that works for the patient. I'd recommend others to see him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unicare
40	1	. Dr Savage is the best!  I went to three doctors before I was referred to Dr Savage and one look he knew right away what was wrong with me!!!  His staff are the greatest!!!  Thank you very much! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
40	1	Dr. Savage is THE BEST !!!  He saved my live 10 years ago and still has me come back yearly for a checkup.  God Bless you DR. Savage. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	I had no time to &quot;pick and choose&quot;. Dr. Savage was a gift from God for me when I was diagnosed with ovca/IIIc 10 years ago. He took time to explain things to me and my family pre-op and post-op. Nurses told me I had the best surgeon I could have - that &quot;they fight to be on his surtical team&quot;. He's a stellar professional in his field. He has a top-notch medical staff. I highly recommend him.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
40	1	When I found out I had stage 3b cervical cancer I asked the nurses at the hospital who THEY would have do their surgery and Dr. Savage was the answer every time. Compassionate but not oversolicitous.  Absolutely skilled & knowledgeable.  Communicated clearly so both my family and I understood every step of the way and followed up personally every step. 10 years later and still cancer free I'm glad I asked the nurses which surgeon they'd use. Dr. Savage saved my life.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	-1	Dr. Savage is the worse doctor I have ever seen.  He is mean and has no personality.  he operated on my mother and nearly killed her, causing a terrible infection and she was hospitalized for two additional weeks for a routine procedure.  He is horrible! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	D. Savage saved my life. He is extremely thorough and knowledgable. Highly reccomended.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	1	my daughter has been cancer free for nine years she was diagnosed with ovarian cancer at 19.. Dr. Savage is a very skilled Dr. He is an angel 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	Dr. Savage is professional and respectful to the patient and the family. He tells you like it is and I have been told he is the doctor the nurses would trust with their own health. I am in remission now from Stage III ovarian cancer and hope to be one of his 20+ year survivors.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	1	I am a 4 year stage 3B ovarian cancer survior. I was missed diagnosed by 3 doctors. After I was diagnosed I was blessed to find Dr. John Savage to whom I now referr to as Dr. Angel. He is an extremely skilled surgeon. His care then continues throughout your oncology treatments. He also has a very knowledgeable and supportive staff. I owe my life to Dr. Savage's expertise and care and highly recommend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	1	My mom is still alive because of Dr. Savage.  He is an excellent surgeon and truelly cares about his patients.  My mom was at stage 3C ovarian cancer when she first went to him 5 years ago.  He is continually watching over her and making sure she is getting the best continued care.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
40	1	this was years ago as my mother-in-law past away in the '90's, but Dr Savage was great and with a 3% chance to live he helped her live almost 8 years. He even shed some tears the day we took her home when there was nothing left to be done. He did his best and kept her alive longer than anyone could have. Thank you Dr Savage. In fact when my daughter was diagnosed, at 20, with cancer I was going to get her in to see him if she was to be referred to an oncologist.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
40	1	I am sorry that this other rater apparently had a bad situation, but Dr Savage has been very helpful with me and my partner's ordeal with ovarian cancer. While he tended to be very in and out right after surgery, pre and post operation he has been great, and will answer questions when you have them and is very knowledgeable and calming and I am very thankful for him. 	3	5	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
40	-1	did permanent major damage during surgery. He is ABSOLUTELY terrible and should not have a license. He was either under the influence of some type of substance, or a surgeon who does not know what he is doing. 		4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	Dr. Schwartz takes time to listen and is very caring. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	She is an incredibly caring and knowledgeable Physician.  I would recomend her to anybody. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	If dr. Salet had not moved to a clinic that was too far from me she would still be my doctor.  I never felt rushed when I saw her.  She always answered my questions,was very personable,  looked for solutions beyond the office visit,  and went out of her way to meet special needs.  A GREAT doctor!  I was sorry when her Aspen clinic in my area was closed. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	This doctor is excellent. Always on time.  Very knowledgable about her patients and always treats them like a friend. Very easy to talk to and I would HIGHLY reccommend her. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	Very nice doctor.  More than willing to take the time needed to help his patients and will fit you in his schedule if need be.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	1	Diagnosed a challenging chronic arthritis condition and has overseen treatment which has resulted in a complete remission.  Has exceptional interpersonal and diagnostic skills, using lab tests only to confirm diagnosis and monitor for potential adverse effects of medication.  One of the most exceptional doctors that I have experienced in a long time (decades).  I would highly recommended this doctor.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	1	I have been seeing this doctor for about 8 years and he is a great doctor who truly cares about me.  He listens to me and doesn't just tell me what he thinks that I should do.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
44	-1	Physician was so focused on a side issue, that he totally missed my broken thumb...unacceptable. 	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	Dr. Sadowsky has been my eye doctor for many years, he has performed 2 lazer treatments for glaucoma and always takes time to check everything, when I come in for an eye exam.   I receive regular treatment for glaucoma, which has been under control for many years now, I still have 20/20 vision 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	1	Dr. Sadowsky is our area's best Opthamologist. I went for a second opinion on my eye disease at the University of Minnesota, and even they told me I was lucky to be his patient - he's one of the best there is. His clinic is kinda crappy, but I think he's so devoted to his patients that he doesn't move or join another clinic and/or practice.  		4	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
46	-1	My family uses this doctor.  I have not seen her yet, but my family all tested positive for strep after I kept becoming infected numerous times and an ER doc suggested we all get tested.  When my family members went to her to get tested she told them the ER doc isant right.  She never heard of it b4.  When they tested positive I then called her to see if I could once again get an antibiotic so we can all get rid of it once and for all.  She WOULD not perscribe anything for me, told me I needed to see ENT.  I went to the cities to HCMC, the ER doctor there said I deff needed something, by then I was in sooo much pain my BP was high, SHe treated me and so far so good.   Trust me, When it gets serious, dont mess with the doctors in this small town, Go to the best HCMC!!!! 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
46	1	Great Doctor, she takes the time to make sure everything is done right.  I have a rare condition and she took alot of time to find out about it and always see's me no matter if she has a full busy day or not.  Just a very caring person! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
47	0	Kinda rude, consistently  pressuring me  to get all these std tests done even though I  am happily married. She just says &quot;you never know&quot; 	3	4	3	2 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	the doctor books several appts at the same time.i waited an hour after my appt start time to get a total of 5 minutes with a nurse and doctor.he billed an exorbatant amout of money to my insurance company.the nursing staff is rude and uncaring. yet the doctor is too cheap to get his nurses the pulse rate finder you put on your finger. 	2	2	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	I have seen Dr. Schuster for ten years and he has never missed an appt without calling well in advance, and that was only once. 	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	Dr. Schuster saved my life. He accurately made a diagnosis that had evaded scores of doctors for half a decade. There is no doubt that he knows what he is doing. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	-1	Doctor did not show up for my appointment and only called after he was 30 minutes late. 	2	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
49	-1	He is not very fourth coming with information about diagnoses details nor is he open to alternative treatment options. He seems to not get the whole doctor patient interaction role and seems to lack listening skills. I never felt as if I played a role in my treatment options. After a few years of seeing him, it became apparent that we were following his treatment path, with his prescription plans of which, there always seemed to be a new malady that required yet another prescription with each visit. For me, this clinic and this doctor especially does not get the &quot;active patient&quot; role in medical care. It is all a one sided treatment approach.  	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	0	I visited MAPS in Edina and in Shakopee. Dr. Schultz is knowledgeable, but his bedside manner is atrocious and his staff are very unprofessional. After I completed the initial paperwork, the receptionist sat behind her desk and yelled questions about my personal health across the lobby where I was sitting. Once in the room, I had to wait 45 minutes for Dr. Schultz. He seemed very busy, and when he finally came to see me it was clear that his mind was elsewhere. After the procedure, Dr. Schultz left my hospital gown down by my waist (leaving my breasts exposed), walked out of the room, and left the door open (so everyone in the hallway saw me naked). Dr. Schultz commented that my severe pain was &quot;not a big deal&quot; because it had only been present for six weeks. He said that if his procedure didn't work that I would just have to live with severe pain. I have since seen a better doctor who properly diagnosed the problem and has effectively treated it. I would not recommend Dr. Schultz/MAPS 	1	1	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	I was referred to MAPS for chronic pain after surgery.  The doctor and nurse practitioners that I saw at one location were less than helpful and eventually suggested that I not come back.  It was like wasting eight months and a lot of money.  I requested a second opinion, and saw Dr Schultz.  He was able to provide some relief at my first appointment.  When that treatment was found to be only temporary, he presented other options for me, and took the time to explain different procedures that might help.  He performed a minimally invasive procedure that gave me immediate relief.  He was very caring and compassionate throughout my clinic visits, and knowledgeable and professional when it came to the &quot;surgical&quot; procedure.  The only downside is that his services are in such high demand that it can take a little longer to get an appointment with him, and he sometimes runs late for his appointments.  However once he is in the room with you, he makes you feel like you are his only patient.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	-1	 	4	4	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
51	1	Dr. Timothy N. Schuchard is very upfront and personable. 	 12/16/09	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
52	-1	I have no idea why this woman is a Pediatric dentist. We really talked up the &quot;first dentist visit&quot; with our son prior to going so he would be excited for it. She barely talked to my 2 year old son, was borderline rude to both of us, and it was difficult to get any useful information out of her. She also seemed annoyed that we did not have dental insurance. She showed up 30 minutes late after the hygienist had to track her down (30 minutes is a long time to wait with a toddler). We will never go back here. Beware parents. 	5	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
52	-1	Beware.  The Doctor evaluated our child (age 2), and recommended general anaesthesia to drill and fill several cavities which she said were present.  The doctor was quite insistent on the necessity of this procedure.  We were quite alarmed at the thought of putting our child under for dental work, and sought two (!!) other opinions just to be sure.  Both other dentists said there was no need for general anesthesia because there simply were no cavities. None.  Zero.  Zip.  None evident on the films (by their reading), and (more importantly) none evident upoon examination.  Wheew.  We got away from this one just in time.    To repeat:  beware! 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Delta Dental
52	1	Dr. Sakhi has been unbelievable with my daughter - who has been seeing her for the last 4 years.  My daughter came to Dr. Sakhi (at age 6) having some cavities and having had a HORRIBLE experience with another pediatric dentist.  Dr. Sakhi was patient and kind and has been unbelievably flexible and informative with us.  I would recommend her to anyone at anytime. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	We were very impressed by Dr. Sakhi and her staff.  Our child required care under general anesthesia due to extensive needed treatment.  Dr. Sakhi was very thorough and patient in explaining our options and answered all our questions.  We recommend her to all our friends and family.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
52	1	Dr Sakhi and her staff are MORE than helpful, we first found her because of an emergency but because of the care and professionalism that she handles all three of my boys with...(and they can do a lot of damage to teeth...believe me!) she was my &quot;specialist&quot; but we chose to continue with her for regular care. Despite the 1hr and 15 min drive...EACH way. I have not found any other dentist that takes such good care of children...especially those in emergency/trama situations...careful, calm and cautious...not overly aggressive as some are.  Not sure what happened with the other rating but we have been with her for over 5 years now and I am only sad that she doesn't treat adults! =) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
52	-1	Doctor was forcing us to go our kid under general anaesthesia for dental evaluation.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Delta Dental
53	1	He has been my psychologist for three years now. He is very friendly, helpful and understanding. Healthpartners Behavioral Health in Woodbury is awesome!!! All of the staff are very helpful and knowledgeable. My doctor was running behind once and for having to wait they gave me a 10 dollar gift card!!! I was able to pick from target, superamerica, or applebee's.  I highly recommend this clinic! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
54	-1	The procedure itself went ok. The staff gave some wrong information and were patronizing when this was pointed out. The follow up very poor! If you want to be treated respectfully and be given valid and timely results go somewhere else. 	 4/7/08	2	3	1	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	A very friendly Doctor... I have been his patientfor 25 years! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
56	1	My kids and I have been seeing Dr Schill since he came to the Hastings clinic. He is so good at making you feel comfortable and will be sure he answers any questions thoroughly. He only orders tests and recommends specialists if there is truly a need. The kids are disappointed when we can't get in to see him, which is my only complaint...he's too busy, so when you need to get in, sometimes he is unavailable for weeks. The clinic needs to limit his new patients so he has openings available in a timely manner for patients he has seen regularly. I think that's why you are supposed to choose a 'family doctor' - so you can develop a relationship. He remembers our history without having to look things up, he always asks how the others are doing. I feel like he is very dedicated to keeping our family as healthy as possible...when we can get in to see him.  :( 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
56	1	Dr. Schill is one of the best doctors that I have visited. He was the doctor to my whole family. Very knowledgable, helpful and friendly. Always seemed to go the extra mile. He also always spent an extra couple of minutes making sure all of your questions were answered, or recommending a book for the kids, or listening to highlights from a vacation, etc. Taking that extra couple of minutes makes a difference. You don't feel rushed or ignored at all. We recently moved out of state, but he saw my child with no problem when we came home for a visit. Dr. Schill invested the time and effort in correcting a skin issue in my child that 2 other doctors couldn't fix in 5 months. I would definitely recommend Dr. Peter Schill.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
56	1	He is such an awesome doctor.  He's always there for you when you need him.  He's great with my kids and with us parents.  I would reccomend him to anyone and everyone.  He has got to be the best doctor my family has every had.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
56	1	Always takes time to answer all your questions and follows up if you have questions.  	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
56	1	He is one of the best doctors we have ever saw.  He will take as much time as you need with each appointment and will listen to and answer all questions until you understand everything.  He is great with both children and adults.  I would recommend him to anyone. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
57	-1	Did not address my questions fully. Scared me into thinking I had things wrong with me without having any facts. Terrible bedside manner, she was making jokes when I was really freaking out. I like humor, but it was completely inappropriate. I didn't feel like she took me or my concerns seriously. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	The best doctor I've ever had. I've been seeing her for years. She always makes time to listen and make me feel comfortable. Is open to alternative therapies. She works at the University Boyton clinic. Which I am not fond, but is the only reason I still go there. The support staff is not so great, but Dr. Sandberg is wonderful.  	 4/30/09	5	5	5	Insurance:HealthPartners
58	1	She is thorough, thoughtful and a good listener.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	1	Sensitive, patient, understanding, and very knowledgable. He has given my beloved husband, suffering from the devastation of Parkinson's, such empathy, help with meds, and practical advice. This is an approachable and responsive professional, who truly cares for his patients.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
60	1	She is definitely a great doctor, very good at what she does considering she is so young.  She listened to my problems very carefully and prescribed the appropriate medication to help without over medicating.  I have only seen her once but unless she quits her practice, I will be going to her from now on.   The staff there is also very nice!  And yes, she has an odd name but she is all Minnesotan! 	 9/27/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
60	1	I really like Dr. Sarfehjoo. She is a great listener and is very kind. Despite her weird name, she does not have an accent (unless you count Minnesotan). I would recommend her to anyone. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	Very thorough!  I was experiencing abdominal pain, most likely due to endometriosis.  He sat with me for almost an hour listening to my symptoms and thinking &quot;out of the box&quot; for possibilities. He was very good at explaining what I was supposed to do, like how to follow up.  He listened to all my 1000 symptoms, and discussed each one with me.  I cried I was so happy to finally find a good doctor after seeing him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	Dr. Salita did a blood test on my mother because she was not feeling well and having chest pain. She came up negative on a EKG and Stress Test for a Heart Attack. The initial blood test came back negative also. A Few days later he called my mom and told her to come back in for another blood test.  This time it came back with a positive hit on a enzyme in the heart that elevates when it has a heart attack.  She had a 98% blockage of her right coronary artery. I thank Dr. Salita for probably saving my mothers life.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	1	I concur with the other commenters in that Dr. Salita is a great listener and responds to every issue I bring up.  I've been seeing him for about 8 years.  Wonderful doc.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
62	1	Dr. Salita always listens intently to everything I have to say and then responds.  He always deals with every issue I bring up.  I have been seeing him for 7-8 years and am very happy with the care I receive.  	 2/14/08	5	5	5	Insurance:HealthPartners
62	1	Dr Salita is a great doctor. I transfered the care of my children to him because he's someone I can trust with my 2 most precious children. He answers all my questions and if he doesn't know the anwer, he tries to find it and let me know. The greatest thing I like about him is that he shows that he really cares about you. Some doctors want you in and out and don't even care whats going on unless you have an appt. They only see the money aspect of things. Well, not Dr Salita.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
63	-1	. not insince with patients 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
64	1	Jennifer is great with my boys (she is Webster-certified which means she has extra training in the chiropractic care of babies, children, and pregnant women) and I've referred many people to her clinic (Nokken Chiropractic Clinic). I intend to see her throughout my next pregnancy.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
65	1	I definitely would go to Dr. Schiller again.  He took the time to treat me and was very pleasant, before and after surgery.  In my opinion, Dr Shiller and his team are 5 star,  Caring, cosiderate and knowledgeable.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
65	1	Extremely wonderful experience, from first appointment all the way to being discharged from the hospital post surgery. Dr. Schiller took the time to answer ALL questions and gave detailed explanations for everything regarding my health issues. He was very knowledgable, honest, and friendly. I had an appointment on Monday to discuss medical issues and was able to have my surgery the next day. So far the surgery results seem to be very successful. Dr. Schiller personally came to check on me every day post op while still in the hospital and perform a physical check as well as answer any additional questions. I highly recommend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	1	I can't understand the previous review. We have gone to Rachel Schuneman for many years and have never found her to be anything but professional and personally delightful. She's very caring and thorough with skin exams, and our surgeries have been carefully performed and thorough.  We drive 90 miles to see her.......I guess that, in itself, tells you our confidence in her.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
66	-1	Dr. Schuneman appears pleasant, yet has terrible bedside manner.  Instead of referring to me by my first name, I was called &quot;Hun or hunnie&quot; on multiple occasions.  Not only did that feel condescending, it was rude and unprofessional.  When I asked to recieve a second opinion, she appeared offended instead of encouraging and supportive.  Prior to a surgical procedure with her, she was late to arrive AND did not greet us with any respect what so ever...No hello, No how are you today&#63; Nothing.  Her staff was fabulous and if it wasn't for the nurses, we would have left the clinic a long time ago.  After our last procedure with her, we will be finding a new doctor.  	5	5	1	2 	Insurance:Medicare
67	1	Dr. Sabal is a pretty good doctor.  I feel sometimes like I'm being rushed out of his office and I wish he'd listen closer, but he does know what he's talking about.  He's not very good about communicating issues though.  I once had to call 3 times to get him to return my call about some test results.  He figured someone else had told me.  But all in all, I think he's a good guy, although a little full of himself.  	5	4	3	4 	Insurance:BC Med
67	1	Dr. Sabal delivered my third child. Compared with the deliveries of my first two, my experience with Dr. Sabal was far superior. He was a calm presence in the delivery room and is a skilled professional. As far as his bedside manner -- I found him very personable and enjoyed hearing about his own family. He was also a good listener when I had questions. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	This is my 2nd time seeing Sabal with my pregnancies! He is my fav at the clinic. I do agree that he ratals off statistics more then anything else, he is a good doctor overall!! 		4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	Dr. Sabal is very friendly and has a good sense of humor. He is very knowledgable, however he tends to talk a lot and it is sometimes hard to get a question or comment in during his rambling about statistics. But overall, I would recommend him. 		5	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	While Dr. Sabal is very knowledgeable in his field of expertise, his bed-side manner is lacking. He doesn't seem to really listen to the patient and likes to rattle off statistics rather than discuss the problem at hand. 		3	3	5 	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	 	5	5	2	5 	Insurance:Unknown
69	-1	I called this Dr. for a emergency prescription refill because I mistakenly let my prescription run out on a weekend.  He treated my as if I was a irresponsible person and lectured me on using better judgement and told me that I should not have called him.  He said On call Dr's were for emergency only and that going without medication what will surely make me sick was not enough of a emergency to bother him.  He made me feel as if I should suffer for being so lazy as to not notice my prescription ran out.  Even though I had tried to get my own Dr to call the pharmacy on Friday and she never did - likely because she does not work Full time and perhaps was not even in.  It was 10pm at night, and he acted as if I called him at 3am and woke him up for a hang nail!!!  I would never recommend this man to anyone with any issue.  He was rude, arrogant, condescending and insensitive. 	3	3	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	Dr Saccoman is a very kind and caring doctor, especially taking extra time with elderly patients to explain things so they understand.  He is by far the best doctor I've ever had.  Kuddoos to Dr Saccoman for the warm and friendly manner in which he treats his patients, along with how knowledgable he is with everything.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
69	1	He takes the time to really listen to my concerns and I never feel rushed.  He has such compassion and goes the extra mile to take care of his patients.  I would highly recommend him to anyone! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	Very efficient, knowledgeable and professional. Listens to what his patients have to say.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
71	1	Dr Sanderson is so smart and nice! I highly recommend him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	went to dr sitrin and nurse practitioner kristin collins (within the practice) and i left angry every time due to their advice (make my 2 day old cry self to sleep. start formula if hungry and cereal instead of ways to increase my milk production naturally to feed my 4 month old)--i was searching DESPERATELY for a new peds dr bc i wanted someone to support my thoughts and beliefs and encourage. among one of the more than 50 sites and blogs i visited, numerous suggested dr sakkal.i was horribly hesitant and wanted nothing more than to get out and into a new peds dr office. but my husband encouraged one more try with diff dr....the Lord answered my prayers literally!!he was supportive of the cosleeping and stated very healthy,commended me on still breastfeeding and encouraged to do so for as long as comfortable(with no formula or food if possible til later),spent tons of time answering questions,his disposition was very nurturing and genuinely caring...sigh... im SO GLAD WE FOUND HIM!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
72	1	Dr. Sakkal Has saved my Child Life, My kids love him. My Kids teachers even have him as a Doc. for their own kids. I have been going to His clinic for 13 years. I have nothing but postive things to say about Him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	My sons love Dr. Sakkal.  He is wonderful with them.  It is not often that a 4 year old wants to go see the Dr. even if he knows he is going to get a shot.  He is the nicest Dr. I have ever met. He is very knowledgeable and comforting.  He interacts well with children of all ages and shows that he cares about the entire family.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
72	1	Dr. Sakkal is the most CARING, knowledgeable dr's out there!  I have never seen a dr. take so much time with his patiens, gets to know them and their famlilies.  He is an amazing Dr.   One of the rare ones out there! 	 3/4/09	5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
72	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
73	-1	This is a NP and has only been reliable when it comes to pap/physicals. She prescribed a medication to me to prevent headaches, of which my new neurologist told me had nothing to do with headache prevention. Don't count on her diagnosing anything out-of-the-ordinary.  	2	2	2	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
74	1	The Doctor is very knowledged and is able to communicate very effectively on the subject of breast cancer.  He provided very valuable information and advise 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
74	1	Dr. Sanan is one of the most caring and reassuring MDs I saw all through my breast cancer treatment. He explained all my option in a real and humane way; he was respectful of me and my family at all times. He and his staff took the extra time to make sure my experience with cancer contributed to scientific knowledge about this disease by making sure I was part of clinical studies. Dr. Sanan even called my on a Sunday afternoon to tell me the (good) news about my lymphectomy. He was a calm voice and caring hand for me and my husband during some very dark days making it easier for us to continue parenting our 16 month old daughter with a steady heart.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
74	1	As an RN, I get to see his &quot;professional side&quot; that patients do not get to see. He is a respectful, kind and compassionate surgeon. Good to staff members and the families of the patients. He makes sure that as an RN, I have all I need to take care of his patients. I highly recommend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
74	1	Dr. Sanan is very knowledgeable and caring. I feel very safe under his care and highly recommend him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
74	1	Dr.Sanan is a very nice man and surgeon to work with. He takes his practice seriously and tries to do his best work always. 	4	5	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
74	1	Just GREAT!!! Very talented and kind. I would recommend Dr Sanan to any of my relatives or friends. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
74	1	Dr. Sanan is one of the best surgeons in the Twin Cities. I have suffered with an intestinal issue for over 30 years and Dr. Sanan was the first dotor to figure out what was wrong and then fix me... I love this man. He only needed to see my insides once to recognize the problem. I recommend this Dotor to everyone needing surgery. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
74	1	He is very caring and willing to explain things to you. I would send anyone in my family to him, because he really inspired my trust. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
75	1	Dr. Schubert reconstructed my face after a traumatic work accident.  Most of my acquaintances could not tell that I had been in an accident after reconstruction.  Very, very concientious and willing to take time to answer questions before, during, and after the surgery. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
76	1	I LOVE Dr. Sawyer.  He was terrifying at first, but after 2 visits I became very comfortable with him.  He helped me immeasurably and I miss him as my doctor all the time.  Still searching for a suitable replacement some 2 years later... Would still be seeing him if he didn't abandon insurance companies. :(  Extremely knowledgeable, helpful, and kind.  He comes off kind of standoffish at first, but don't be put off, there is a heart of gold in there.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
77	1	Very direct, but also knowledgeable.  He took the time to be very thorough, explain everything to me and answer questions without making me feel rushed.  He has a great sense of humor - and is quite attractive! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
78	-1	AVIOD THIS DOCTOR. I am a working single mother who was admitted to the emergency room the day prior and was instructed to see Dr. Sajady to evaluate the condition of my heart. It was a Friday afternoon, and she was in a hurry. I was very concerned for myself and my job, as Dr. Sajady instructed me not to drive until she got back the results of the 3 tests she prescribed. Her bedside manner was very flippant and rude - she kept rushing to get me out of there. She neglected to tell me that she was going out of town for the next 2 weeks. I had the tests, and called her nurse repeatedly to find out the results and if I could drive. To make a long story short, I lost my job and could not drive until heard back back from Sajady or her office (more than 2 weeks later). SHE NEVER CALLED ME OR FOLLOWED UP EVEN THOUGH I LEFT SEVERAL MESSAGES. ALL MY TESTS WERE NORMAL. IT WAS THE MOST UNPROFESSIONAL MEDICAL EXPERIENCE I HAVE EVER HAD. I HAVE FILED A FORMAL COMPLAINT. 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
79	-1	Don't go to this doctor!! She couldn't handle my thyroid condition (hypothyroid) and instead put me on different doses of levothyroxine, but couldn't control my tsh level which was fluctuating a lot. After 6 stress full months she finally decided to refer me to an Endocrinologist (About time!!)Really felt that she didn't took my situation seriously, knowing that I was trying to conceive at that time after having a miscarriage. So, after changing my doctor, I feel much more comfortable now.  	4	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
80	-1	This is the most pompous and uncaring doc i know of, seems more interested in himself than patents.  	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
80	1	Dr. Schapiro is a caring, dedicated medical professional. He will spend as much time as needed for you. There is a very he is rated the top MS doctor! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	He spent most of the session complaining about not being able to read my MRI scan from the hospital. He did not sit down the whole time (the 10 minutes he was with me). After the initial visit, he concurred with his fellow neurologist that I should have a follow-up MRI in October, six months from the previous MRI. At my second visit, he changed the MRI to February without specifying why. As he was walking out the door, the decision to take medication was up to me and that he could go either way. I was diagnosed with MS in April and have not received any useful information from Dr. Schapiro concerning what I should be doing since having this diagnosis.  		1	3	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
80	1	Very thorough. Very professional. Respectful. 		4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	This is the best doctor I ever had. Known for being a great surgeon, great bedside manner, really listens and cares. He is the standard by which I compare other doctors.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
81	-1	. time i will never forget in my life and my son is now buried 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
82	1	Great initial consultation and explanation of what I needed to do to feel better. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	I loved this chiropractic clinic!  I have been to a couple of other clinics that have not satisified my needs.  Dr. Schommer and her staff were very knowledgeable and her clinic is very concerned with the preventative care and overall wellness of the body.  I would recommend this clinic for all of your chiropractic and wellness needs. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	Dr. Schommer and her entire staff were very knowledgable concerning my back condition and seemed very interested in resolving my problem.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
82	-1	could have been better 		2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
83	1	Flat out amazing. Modern clinic, super nice staff all around. The modernity of the clinic, though, cannot be understated. Not only do they use state-of-the-art machines to give you a much more detailed picture of each individual tooth, but there is a computer screen in front of you that allows you to visualize the information the practitioner is telling you at the same time. The layout of the software is fairly easy to read, and so this really allows you to better understand the situation you have with each individual tooth. Additionally, they track the health of each individual tooth throughout your relationship, which leads to micro-specified care. They also only do composite fillings, so if you are on MA, your insurance will cover the composite fillings because they are the only option at this clinic. I was simply looking for a dentist who wasn't shady, so I took a chance on the fact they had updated tech and hit the jackpot. Environmentally conscious, as well.  Worth your time! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
84	1	Dr. Saltzman has continually provided exemplary care to our daughter throughout her many medical complications and complex procedures.  He has a wonderful bed-side manner and has built a trusting relationship with our daughter since close to the beginning.  We trust him with our daughter's life and see him as someone who is open and honest with us.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
84	1	. A phenomenal surgeon who saved our son's life 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
85	-1	I had a horrible experience with this doctor. He was extremely rude and uncaring and was practically yelling at me during the procedure, which was very rushed. This place is like a factory and I was basically treated like an animal. 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	Dr. Schwert is the best Chiro I have ever used.  It's not just another visit to the Chiro every time I visit, it's something I look forward to.  It's because of Andrew, and his unbelievable personality.  You can tell he is genuine in his desire to do whatever it takes to not only provide the best care, but to also provide the best experience.  The guy is hilarious as well. Make fun of his calves next time you vist ;).  He has even developed a care plan for me to help my golf game!!!  I highly reccomend this Doctor. 	 3/23/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	Dr. Andy was recommended to me by a friend who had great results seeing him in the past.  I limped in with low back pain, but after the first treatment alone, I was significantly improved.   I will definitely be utilizing his services in the future and be telling all my friends about him! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
87	1	Dr. Schmitz delivered my second child 3 years ago and is about to deliver our third in a few weeks.  She is open to VBACs and that is why we switched to her for the birth of our second child.  I ended up having a c-section and will be having another and I'm very confident in her abilities.  I will say we have not received the same high level of service and attentiveness during this pregnancy as we did last time.  I called the other day asking to speak with her and the nurse said she is now too busy to respond to patient's phone calls unless they are urgent (which mine ended up being).  She also is quick to get you out of her office and lately has limited appointment times.  Not to mention, the office staff at the John Haugen DT Mpls is rude and not welcoming.....Edina is much friendlier and more responsive.  	3	5	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
87	1	Very relatable sympathetic doctor. Fantastic at what she does 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	Dr. Schimtz was my doctor and performed an abdominal myomectomy. She is the best OBGYN in Minneapolis and St. Paul! I have had undergone myomectomy 7 years ago with a different doctor in Texas and I disliked that OBGYN and refused to go back after my fibroids reoccurred two years ago. Dr. Schmitz is always patient in answering my questions. After my surgery and during my stay at the hospital, she came everyday to check on me. All I can say is that she is a very caring and a compassionate doctor. Friends, it is very important to have a good doctor on your side if you have second thoughts about your OBGYN may be it is time to look for someone with good reviews and good philosophy.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
87	1	Dr. Schmitz-Burns is amazing.  I had an extremely tough pregnancy and she did everything she could to make it better. When I had tests run- she was the one who called me with the results (not the nurse).  She was punctual, respectful and listens really well to what you want.  I highly recommend her.  Also- she is open to considering VBACs if you are trying to go that route on your 2nd pregnancy (like I was).  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
87	1	She is such an amazing doctor,very personable. She always made right decisions at every stage of my pregnancy. SHE IS REALLY GOOD.                                           .....PRIYA.....  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
87	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	DR.SCHEIBLE IS A VERY HELPFUL AND KIND DOCTOR THAT SEEMS TO REALLY LISTEN AND CARE. I HAVE HAD A FEW MINOR HEALTH ISSUES RECENTLY AND HE IS ON TOP OF ALL THE DOCTORS INVOLVED WITH MY CARE. WHEN A PERSON FINDS A DOCTOR WHO IS KIND AND LISTENS THEN I SAY TO ALL LOOKING FOR A GOOD FAMILY DOCTOR DR.M.SCHEIBLE IS ONE TO SEE...VERY NICE AND CLEAN CLINIC..A BIG PLUS FOR ME.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
88	1	Dr Mark has been my primary care DR for over a year and a half. Tamara his nurse is always very helpful. He is Knowledgeable in every aspect of care and is always on time if not early with his appointments. If you call him to ask a question or for a medication he usually calls back within the hour. He very straight forward and will not sugarcoat anything. I would reccommend him without hesitation to anyone. He is a younger doctor but I believe he has more knowledge than most. I urge you to give him a try. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	I've been a patient of Dr. Scheider for several years and have recommended him to others.  I will always wait for an appt. with him if possible as he has proven to be very accurate, caring and sometimes even funny. 	4	4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
90	1	Dr. Sagedahl diagnosed my gout and prescribed 30 days of allopurinol. Very nice manner.  Up-to-date. Excellent facility in Plymouth, MN. He now specializes in colonoscopies and I will use his services for my next examination within one year. I've gone to this clinic for over 20 years.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
90	1	Most caring MD ever....perfect bedside manner.   Sometimes runs late only because he spends so much time with patients! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
90	1	excellent physician.  Listens, discusses and jointly decides best plan.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
90	-1	Terrible doctor! DO NOT SEE he made things much much worse 	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
90	1	Dr. Sagedahl is highly recommended. He is very knowledgable and easy to talk with. He is very approachable and open to all health disscusions because he cares much more about his patients than the regular 5 minute in and out. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
91	-1	Poor listening skill. Not friendly at all Biography and Philosophy:    &quot;I treat my patients as I would want my family to be treated.&quot; He must hate his family based on the way he treated me! 	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
91	-1	A truely disgusting human being. In 9 years of receiving care, this is the most arrogant MD I had to deal with.  		1	1	2 	Insurance:HealthPartners
91	1	The BEST doctor I've ever known - the most knowledegable, thorough, communicative, supportive, and trustworthy. He provided extraordinary medical care for me, and I will always have the utmost respect and appreciation for him. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
91	-1	He never answered my questions. It is his way or no other way. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
92	-1	I have had the misfortune to see Dr. Schock several times. He ignores symptoms I have specifically gone in for. Does not listen well. Does cursory examinations. Not good with kids.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
93	1	Great Doctor. Helps a lot of people. My little secret. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
94	1	Dr. Schoel is amazing! She is warm, caring, knowledgable and friendly. She encourages patients to bring a friend/loved one to appointments and always makes sure you understand what is going on. She always starts an appointment by making sure she understands what my expectations of the appointment are and answering any initial questions I may have. Then through out the appointment she will continue to make sure any and all questions are answered. Even when I leave, she makes sure to let us know that if we come up with other questions or concerns that we should contact her. The one time this happened for me, she got back to me within 24 hours with a response. She also called me personally after a surgery to make sure I was feeling okay and to see if I had any questions or concerns.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
95	1	Previously worked nearly 20 years at Park Nicollet Dept of Ophthalmology.  Very knowledgable and kind. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
96	1	New Patient exam was extremely in depth. The Dr. takes time with you on follow up visits and develops great treatment plans with activities you can do at home to keep you healthy. He is very knowledgable in the field of Neurological Rehab exercises and how the brain and gut are related. He works with a variety of patients with balance issues, headache, migraine, chronic neck pain, IBS, and other functional issues. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
97	1	Dr. Schneider really cares about his patients and really tries to work with them to make them better.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
98	-1	Friendly enough, but nothing more than a drug pusher with very dire consequences in my case.   Potentiallly an issue driven or exacerbated by patient load at for profit clinic, Sathoff was frequency ill prepared for appointments and spent a portion of visit time reviewing records.  	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
98	-1	After seeing this doctor regularly for a period of 5 years I finally switched doctors because Sathoff did not take my symptoms and concerns seriously and actually laughed at some of them! He prescribed a medication that had been taken off the market because it caused liver damage.  When the pharmacy told us this, I asked the doctor about it and he said he knew nothing about it and made no effort to prescribe something different. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
99	-1	. Discharged from hospital with active TB after being treated by him for over 1 year &amp; he just up &amp; disappeared - Nice doc!!  Unbelieveable!!! 	3	3	1	2 	Insurance:Medicare
99	1	Never wants the infections to win. He doesn't have to win miss congeniality as long as he wants to beat that infection, which he does.  I think he considers an unconquered infectious process a personal failure, which is only good for the pt.  I don't trust any bad review, either backstabbing relative or the competition.  By the way, he was the original descriptive source in a letter to the editor for Toxic Shock Syndrome in Lancet. I believe he was notifying Drs. to be on the look out for the set of serious symptoms, which left ivory tower researchers in the dust.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
99	0	Old school doctor who talks down to patients. You always wait far longer than you should. I would recommend a different doc.  	4	1	2	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
100	-1	Failed to pay attention to warning signs during labor, failed to read fetal monitoring properly, failed to do a timely ultrasound, failed to call an OB, resulting in HIE and permanent brain damage and disability to a newborn.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
100	-1	Still waiting for this Doctor to come forward and tell the truth on a certain situation in which he broke the standard of care and caused changed an individuals life forever!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
100	-1	Doctor Failed to correctly insert IUPC, no sense of Urgency for being in active labor for 4 days!  Went to sleep between checks when more damage was happening to our child!  Now have nursing care because of doctor and nurses mistakes.  Child might only live to be 30 years old if that.  Child will not ever be independent. Doctor and nurses lied on stand resulting in a loss of malpractice case.   Hopefully they can sleep at night knowing of their actions!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
100	-1	Failed to read fetal heart monitoring correctly, calling an OB, resulting in severe brain damage to baby.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
