dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	Been a patient since 1994 and all very positive experiences.  Keeps up with technology especially in area of preventative and restoration.  The entire staff is excellent.  The patient's well being is always 'top of mind. ' 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
1	1	Very thorough and knowledgable.  Very pleasant staff. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	Always on the cutting edge of technology. Very pleasant staff. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	She is the greatest. I had her for my last pregnancy and wished I had had her for my first two. I was very sad when she left Shakopee, I am searching for new dr now and think that I will drive the extra miles just to go back to her. I would highly recommend her, has the best bedside manner ever. Very caring and wonderful doctor.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	1	I selected her as our family doctor after our first born because of the way she interacted with my wife. She realized that my wife did not understand a point and explained it a second time without making my wife feel embarrassed. Very knowledgable and displays a lot of &quot;common sense&quot; 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	She is the Best!!! Can not say enough great things about her. She is caring and takes time to explain things to you. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	I was very impressed with how quickly Dr Ngo identified the symptoms I had as a pituitary tumor. I have seen several doctors about over the years with the same complaints and was given medication/treatment for each symptom, but none saw the big picture. Instead of feeling like I was seen as a hypochondriac, I felt I was being taken seriously. She is great at explaining things and thorough with testing. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	Dr. Nog is an excellent doctor. She takes time with me, and is an extremely good listener. Also does not keep you coming back again &amp; again for no reason. It can be tough sometimes to get an appointment with her in a timely manner, but to me that just indicates that she is well liked and very much in demand. That is not a bad thing.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	Very thorough. Checked my feet , ankles, skin condition. Took time and answered my questions, reviewed my A1C and my numbers for the last 2 weeks. I feel she does a magnificent job.  This is my 2nd Endocrinolgist and she is great 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	Dr Ngo is extremely caring and spends a lot of time talking to me. I do not feel rushed. She answers all my questions and is extremely knowledgeable. Her staff is also very responsive and fast to call back. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	-1	She will do the A1C and look at your numbers. But no plans or disscusion on how you are feeling.  Then if all ok sys see you in 6 months/ 	4	3	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	-1	I would rate this doctor ''no.1'' in The worst Endocrinologist in Minnesota! After my MD referred me to her to control my tsh level after being diagnosed with a condition called hypothyroidism, I was very worried. I just had found out that I was pregnant after a miscarriage, so it was really important for me to have my tsh level in normal range ASAP!! I told her about my condition and she told me that I didn't needed a higher dose of levothyroxine, just did a bloodtest thats all, and told me to come back after a month for a bloodtest. In the meanwhile my tsh level went up to 12.22 (normal range goes up to 5.0!!)Was feeling terrible, and eventually miscarried again.  She didn't took my situation serious, so now I learned my lesson, I researched for a new Endocrinologist and found a great one, thank God!! 	4	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	Awesome doctor!!! Would trust him with my life! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	Awesome doctor. He truly LISTENS to you. Very caring and easy to talk to about anything without feeling embarrassed. Doesn't rush you through your appointment or make you feel like his time is more important than yours. Best Dr. at Camden Clinics. When he changed clinics, I did as well.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	Always very caring.  You never felt he was in a rush to get to the next patient.  He was thorough and you never felt embarrassed asking him anything about your health or concerns.  He knew who you were at your yearly visits, instead of others that never remember if they have seen you or not.  Very sad that he left Camden Physicians to go to a clinic closer to his home.  We definitely miss him and recommend him for those in his area now. 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	He was always on top of things.  I did not feel as comfortable with the other doctors at Camden Physicians. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	a good doctor 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	I like him. he was patient with me and listened, really listened and answered all my queries.  He didn`t rush me 	4	4	5	4 	Insurance:HealthPartners
7	1	Dr Jason Nowak is the doctor for my infant daughter and myself. I've been going to Dr. Nowak for about 5+ years now.  I personally found him to be an exceptional doctor with a cheerful demeanor. He is quite knowledgeable and the most approachable doctor I have ever known. He is willing to listen fully to all our concerns and answer every single question, no matter how small. The atmosphere is always relaxed and easy going and never rushed. I always feel he is able to relate to what I'm saying about particular symptoms and he illustrates many time by using examples in his own life. Even my wife felt the same way whenever she takes our daughter for check-ups and always found the visits to be helpful and something to look forward to. My family recently moved from Minnesota to Texas and now we are having a difficult time finding a doctor just like him. If you need an exceptional and capable family/internal/pediatric doctor in the South St. Paul area, I highly recommend Dr. Jason Nowak.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	1	he's an amazing doctor and he is very kind to all of his patients 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	Dr. Nissen always makes me feel comfortable. He is knowledgeable and never makes light of my concerns. The staff is also wonderful. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	. Excellent experience 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
10	1	I have been seing Dr. Nash for 19 years and have been VERY impressed with him! He always has been able to answer any questions we might have and if I am experiencing any problems he gets to the bottom of it all! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	-1	Very disappointed. After three very impessive, previous experiences at Mayo Clinic, we were sadly disappointed in Dr. Nash. He was of few words, lacked personality and knowledge, and seemed completely out of touch with current medicine. Honestly, he seemed old enough to be enjoying retirement as he should, rather than pretending to be still playing doctor. Such a wasted long trip for nothing new, relevant, or trustworthy. 	5	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	Very knowledgeable and easy to talk to. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	This was my doctor throughout my first pregnancy. He's very kind, he's speedy. He was extremely knowledgable and when I started with some complications he watched me very closely and showed much compassion. You can tell he does his best and he's very understanding. Went above and beyond his duties and I'd recommend him most definetly 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	-1	This dr definatley doesn't want to help you if you have an exsisting problem.  I would never recommend him to anyone.  Has no campassion.  Just shoved me onto someone else.  	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	1	I've been seeing Dr. Nelson since I was young. He is polite, professional, and very knowledgeable. Even though I live out of country I wait until I visit the states to go to the dentist so I can see him. His staff is very professional as well and I always feel very at ease at their office. I'd highly recommended Dr. Nelson! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	0	. always seemed very rushed during visits, didn't perform all tests that I should have had performed (missed an important diagnosis) 	5	2	3	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	1	Very good 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	Dr. Nevins is a wonderful doctor, I can't say enough good things about him.  He is a very caring and concerned doctor.  Not only in his patients but there family as well.  I so wish that we would have known about him and Fairview Hospital before we transplanted.  We love him and so does our daughter.  I would strongly recommend him to others!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	This man knows his stuff! He has been our son's nephrologist since birth and has gotten us through Peritoneal Dialysis and a kidney transplant succesfully. We really appreciated that he skipped his lunch break on several occasions (and stayed late nights at the hospital) just to answer our questions and offer moral support.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	best nephrologist in this area. Is very kind.  REally goo 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	Fantastic experience. He spent all the time we needed explaining our son's situation.  Very informative and caring 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	-1	He is an all right doctor.  Is very blunt and not considerate of his patient's feelings 		2	2	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
16	1	Extremely knowledgable. Definitely knows what he's doing. very friendly. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	This man has saved my life over and over. He gives me hope in the moments needed most. He is the only psychiatrist of the many i've seen that a) I've liked, b) I've trusted completely, c) cares and acts to show you that he does, and d) listens very intentively to EVERYTHING I say and allows me to have input and choices in my treatment. He goes far above and beyond his duties to call to check up on me, even pull me aside if he sees me in the waiting room while I wait for an appt with my therapist that works at the same clinic.    He's nothing short of amazing and a godsend. I cannot express how truly blessed I am to have him as my doctor. I strongly recommend him.  He NEVER disappoints! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	1	I love Dr.Nair! She is wonderful, very kind, thoughtful, and has sincere desire to help! I have never felt like my concerns weren't being taken seriously, and when needed she has referred me to specialists without hesitation. Always takes time for me. NEVER rushes my appointment, and NEVER makes me feel inferior. Takes time to explain and answer questions when needed. I just cannot say enough good! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	My husband and I LOVE Dr. Nicholson, she's so sweet and very kind. I appreciate her genuity and compassion for what she does. We schedule ALL of our daughter's appointments with her because she is so helpful and nice.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	We really like Dr. Nicholson. We take both of our kids to her. She is very patient and thorough.  		3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	1	Was very helpful and enjoy communicating with him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	I love Dr. Nordstrom.  She is a great doctor.  She is easy to talk to and always seems very concerned.  She is helpful in answering questions and puts her patients at ease.  She is always smiling and is pleasant to be around.  I would highly recommend her. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	-1	RUDE… RUDE…RUDE… Have found her to be difficult to talk with but she didn‘t find it difficult to talk about me to my mother, apparently she doesn’t know what HIPPA is.  She talked nice to my face but when I was leaving I could here her talking ABOUT me to the nurse and laughing like she thought I was crazy in the nurses station!  Jennifer Nordstrom is NOT focus on patient needs or developing a personal relationship. She is rude to the staff. She is always late and never apologizes. I will never return it was a terrible experience! 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
22	-1	Not very useful.  Seems to only care about money not client! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
22	1	She's done  wonderful job counseling my child.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
23	1	I was very impressed with my Doc! She was on time and spend all the time I needed.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	1	Very caring and considerate doctor! One of the best I've ever seen. She takes enough time to get to know how you really are doing, is knowledgeable in her field and very approachable. I highly recommend her! 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	Kind, considerate,knowledgeable,helpful,patient and very good interaction with patient.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
26	1	He is very thorough and very compassionate.  I never feel that he is in a hurry.  On the day following a recent visit, Dr. Noonan called me at home to see how I was doing.  I rate him among the very best.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
26	1	Dr. Noonan is the best!  He isn't usually running on time, however, he never rushes through your visit either.  He never makes you feel rushed and will take the necessary time to address any issue or concern.  	4	2	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	1	He may run late but that's because he's very thorough and takes a lot of time discussing any issues he sees.  He's compassionate, gentle and forthright,  and he answers email and phone questions himself.  He's one of the best OB/GYNs I've ever come across.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	1	Paid for a colposcopy and all labs required. Doctor was very careful and took his time. Explained things well even what was happening with my cells and drew a picture. He made sure I felt comfortable 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	Have been a patient (on/off) for over 10 years.  He is amazing!!!  He understands me (feelings)and what we are going through like no other, is knowledgeable beyond description, and explains things in an understandable approach.  He truly cares!!!  I hope he never retirees.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	1	Dr. Nagel is not only the best at what he does but he takes time, doesn''t rush and really puts a great deal of thought and knowledge into his treatment plan. He is remarkable! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	Brilliant doctor and would talk in great depth about procedures if you wanted to know. Would take your opinion in to account when deciding treatment.  	 6/11/07		4	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	1	We have 2 kids thanks to this wonderful and knowledgable doctor. He was very honest and forthright, and took the time to grieve with us when we lost our first pregnancy. I've never had a doctor take more time to explain his thinking in a clear way. He also took my request to try a new drug very seriously, did some research, and agreed to try it.  A knowledgeable doctor and a wonderful human being! 		3	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
27	-1	Knows his stuff, but is inflexible and can be disrespectful of patient's input and opinions. 		2	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	Amazing surgeon.  I had hip replacement surgery and am very happy.  No problems with outcome. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	took lots of time with me. really listened to me.   first doctor to seem to care 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	1	I was a pt of Dr Stacy Noyes when she was with PNC. When I found out she was moving to Oakdale OB/GYN I made my appt with them. She is one of the best Dr I have had! I first met her when she was the oncall Dr with Methodist and I was hospitalized for uterine bleeding.  She goes above and beyond! Takes her time, sits and talks about past health, current health, mental health! She truly cares about her patients! I would recommend her to anyone I know! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Noyes for 12 years now. She delivered my children and performed multiple surgeries I have needed. Dr. Noyes also delivered my sisters child. I have only positive experiences and would recommend her to anyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	1	I've been under her care for the last nine months during my pregnancy, and I have not seen her since march. I've only seen the NP, who I really enjoy. But what is the point of having and OB if she is never going to see you&#63; 	5	5	5	3 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	he was very help full with my health problems and advice. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	A good doctor, 	4	2	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
31	-1	This guy gave me a lecture like in a classroom for 1 hour.  So full of himself and not helpful.  Didn't address my needs and gave me a lot of I don't knows'. Then referred me to a PT and his MD.  What a waste of time and money! 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	I truly love this man - he is a WONDERFUL doctor, and is well described by all the patients commenting here. He's thoughtful, careful and has taken such good care of me - I can't recommend him highly enough.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	1	Dr. Nadeau is great! He delivered my three babies. He has a very kind, caring style and is also practical. I moved out of state last year and miss him and the clinic.   (In addition, I saw him downtown and rarely ever waited for appts) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
32	1	Dr. Nadeau has been my OB Dr. for my first 3 children, and is currently my OB for #4!  I think he's the BEST!  Very calming, caring, and smart!  I trust him completely and wouldn't consider going to anyone else!  I live an hour away from the clinic and it's completely worth the drive to me.  The staff is also very friendly and punctual and the clinic is nice and clean.  I highly recommend Dr.  Nadeau! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	1	Dr. Nadeau has been an amazing doctor. He is so kind &amp; thoughtful and very knowledgable. I have said multiple times to anyone who will listen how glad I am to have found him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	Dr. Nadeau is the best Dr.   I've ever had and my little boy wouldn't be here without him! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
32	1	I love Dr. Nadeau he is the best doctor around. He is kind and really cares about you.  He takes care to a new level.  If you need an OB this is the doc you want.  I give him an A++. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	Dr. Nadeau is the best Doctor you could ask for ever. He is professional, patient, caring and someone that you can trust no matter what.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	1	Doc Nadeau made my first pregnancy a joy. He is also the first male doctor I have ever had, and he put me at ease immediately. He is kind, patient, understanding, gentle, and caring. He takes the time to answer questions, and never acted as if my questions or concerns were 'silly'. He made me feel important and never acted like he was too busy for me. I will return to him without a doubt. I can't say enough good things about Dr. Nadeau or Associates in Womens' Health in general. I have been going to this clinic for 16 years.  No matter how far I move away, I will always stick with them! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
32	1	I would would highly recommend this physician. I have been a patient for years and would not go to anyone else.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	1	Dr. Nadeau not only has the best bedside manners, but he is thorough, patient and very kind. He walked me through every step of my (first) pregnancy. He helped to make it one of the most enjoyable times in my life. I HIGHLY recommend him.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	1	I highly recommend Dr. Nadeau. He is one of the best physicians I've ever had. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	Dr. Nadeau delivered my daughter. Everything went great. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	Dr Neadue is great very helpful and honest with his patients very funny too. i would highly recommend this doctor to any body 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	Dr. Newman is laid back and very confident. My surgery was a good experience with Dr. Newman. Highly recommend. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	. very helpfull 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	1	Dr. Noll takes the time to listen and provides helpful information and suggestions.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
35	1	. Great doctor for the whole family! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	1	For an annual cardiology review. He offered alternatives, answered my questions with thoughtfulness and concern - and worked WITH me to find the solution and took into account MY comfort level and my experience. He listens well, and has a host of knowledgeable resources to work with, so that if there is any confusion or concern, on his part, he goes to his experts. He had several concerns about me - and requested that I see him every 4-6 weeks while we work out the issues, and I saw two other specialists - and after the reviews of them all - we chose the least invasive, least cost to me - solution and it's worked well for the last year. He insists on an annual review, which I find reassuring.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
37	1	. very knowledgable but not very gently with doing bone biopsies 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
37	1	A doctor who also earned a PhD, YEAH! Knew the latest research and how to interpret it for patients like me who get scared from all the popular press claims about cancer. He was open-minded about using acupuncture to deal with chemotherapy. He takes care of the WHOLE PERSON during cancer treatment. Duluth is lucky to have someone like him fighting to cure cancer. I felt confident that I would recover completely, not only because this is a terrific breast cancer clinic, but mainly because Dr. Nikcevich instills confidence in his patients. All of the oncologists in Duluth are top-notch, but he is exceptional 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
38	-1	Was not helpful in helping recover low testosterone for myself (33 year old) since I was in range (at the bottom end).  	5	4	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	1	Dr. Nelson is an amazing Doctor. He never makes you feel rushed and spends what time he needs to get to the problem.  He really cares about the patient!  He goes the extra mile.  He follows up with you and really gets to know you as a patient.  I cannot speak highly enough!!!  His staff is wonderful too! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	Dr. Nelson is a wonderful and pleasant doctor to work with. He was very easy going and upbeat in his contact with me. I would recommend him to others, especially for allergy testing. 	4	4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	Very knowledgeable, very helpful. Answers all questions. Very good surgeon. Prompt reply when contacted with questions/concerns. Works very well &amp; closely with other docs, values their opinions.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
41	1	Professional yet personable.  Respectful of me as a patient and human being.  Listens attentively Did all she could to analyze my problem and try to find answers. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	He clarified everything better than other doctors would, leaving me with a complete understanding of my situation.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	1	He lets you know all the options, is very caring and sincere.  Seriously, a good person and excellent doctor. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	He actually listened to what I was telling him, I was suffering from dizziness for 4yrs, and other ENT doc's couldn't help me, where he could and did. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
44	0	Dr. Nelson is quite knowledgeable, but needs to work on communication and patient interaction.  She needs to truly listen to the patient explain all of their symptoms and concerns before interjecting with an answer / diagnosis, especially when meeting with the patient and hearing history for the first time.  As a patient with a documented medical history of a condition, she immediately dismissed it as normal and dismissed my pain and concerns, rather than walking through her rationale or offering alternatives. She pushed the HPV vaccine and flu shot more than any concern for the underlying cause of my extreme pain.  She was not helpful or emphathetic, but dismissive and arrogant.  Communication could be GREATLY improved.  She yells when talking; in an OB/GYN office, she needs to speak more quietly since discussions are very personal and private - everyone in the entire office could hear her speaking about sensitive information! The staff at the office, however, is FANTASTIC.  	5	5	2	3 	Insurance:Aetna
44	1	I had a fibroid tumor and was told I would have to have a hysterectomy by my regular OB.  Saw Dr. Nelson, not only did she explain my options better, but I have a beautiful daughter and am expecting our son this fall.  Yes, she talks fast, she is very sure of herself, rarely ever looks at my chart - BECAUSE she reads it before hand.  Anyone with high risk pregnancy's or just wanting a highly knowledgeable OB should try her out.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	-1	She talks too fast--felt like a revolving door--in and out in record time....  	3	2	2	2 	Insurance:Medicare
44	1	I would highly recommend Dr. Larissa Nelson. She has been my ob/gyn since I moved to the area and has delivered my daughter. I have always felt safe, and trustworthy of her knowledge and practice. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	I was referred to Dr. Nelson when I moved to the area, and I couldn't be happier! She is always willing to take the time to answer my questions and talk to me. She never makes me feel as if I am just another chart to look at; she actually sits down, faces me and has a conversation with me. I have had several doctors, and she is the best by far. I have referred her to several of my friends, and they all love her. When it is time for me to have children, I will have no other doctor but her.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
44	1	Dr. Nelson is an exceptional doctor and I highly recommend her to anyone. During the 1st trimester of my 1st pregnancy I had to have an ovary removed. She performed the surgery. I liked her so much that I switched from another dr. to her. I also had preterm labor and she took such good care of me. My son was not born for another 4 weeks. During me 2nd pregnancy with twins, I knew I was in good hands. I had the twins at 33 weeks and she performed the c-section. She had a team from Childrens Hospital there in the room in case there was anything wrong with the twins. Fortunatley they were both perfectly healthy.I would not have wanted anyone else there during the delivery. I can not believe anybody would write anything negative about her. She is always there asking questions and asking if you have any questions for her. I have recommended her to several of my girlfriends and they are extremely happy with the care they have received. I owe her everything for the health of my 3 children!! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
44	-1	She is a horrible woman, who should have her license revoked! She does not listen, she does not testing and is very rude and verbally abusive. She didn't even look in my chart, or listen to what I had to say. She didn't do any testing on me for infertility and told me that she wouldn't allow me to be pregnant until I lost 30 lbs.  She doesn't answer phone calls and didn't even knock on the door when I was changing-she just came in! Do not go to her! I warn you, she will ruin your life!!!!!! 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	1	Dr. Kevin Nelson cares about you as a person, he is interested in everything that is happening to you.  If he seems to not be hearing, you just need to say &quot;Dr. Nelson, this is important.&quot; and he will take you seriously.  Very friendly and knowledgeable.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	1	concerned Doc. took time t understand my problema nd expain his plan of action 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	Good doctor, listens, sends you to good people show you need them 	3	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	Dr. Norlin spent time with me to make I understood everything. He didn't pressure me into anything. Excellent and knowledgeable doctor. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	I would highly recommend this doctor as I've been seeing him for over a month in which I have learned a lot regarding the skelton structure of the human body.  I respect his knowledge and he explains everything as it is happening.  He has a delightful personality and treats me with respect.  He was a God-send for me.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
46	-1	This Dr is very rude and does not care about the patients, but the money the patient brings in. His plans are expensive. They only last one year - and they can get up to $3700 ! He owns an 800k house and is only there to make more money so he can pay off his house. I've even heard him yelling at his employee's, in which both are very nice and considerate. He is old school, uses outdated programs, and none of his technology works. 	5	1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
47	1	Dr. Neiger is an amazing doctor and I would recomend her to anyone. She really seems to care about her patients and never made me feel rushed when I saw her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	1	Dr. Neefe performs high quality work with near painless results.  The staff is friendly, confidential, helpful, and caring.  Dr. Neefe is on time, compassionate, and his fees are competitive.   Highly recommended! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	1	Dr. Nation is the most knowledgable pediatrician I have ever met, he is the one you see if you think there is possibly something seriously wrong with your child. I think some people may have a hard time communicating with him because he is very intelligent and not always personable, but you can be assured that he is doing the right thing for your child.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
49	0	He knows the information, but his hearing is so bad that it makes a consultation difficult: he speaks too softly (can't hear himself&#63;) and can't hear anything you say. He does not interact gracefully with people, but he is knowledgeable. May hand out too much pennicillin for viruses.  	4	4	3	3 	Insurance:HealthPartners
50	1	He is knowledgeable and goes the extra mile to determine the problem before surgery. Therefore, surgery was avoided.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	1	Dr. Nemanich replaced both my hips. He is always friendly, funny &amp; extremely knowledgeable. He always took the time to explain reasons behind my pain and options to take care of it--he spent way more time with me than my primary doctor ever does. Maybe that's why he was behind for the other reviewer&#63; Dr Joe Nemanich is my only orthopedic doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
50	0	Scoped my knee to repair my meniscus ligament. That went fine, however my knee is still painful and swells a lot.  	5	2	2	4 	Insurance:CIGNA
50	1	Never was on time, sometimes 1 and 1/2 hours late for appointments.  	3	1	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
51	1	Complimentary consultation for a scar revision. Will be booking surgery in 2012. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
51	1	He did a great job on my breast augmentation. The staff is so kind and helpful. The results were better than I expected! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
51	1	Dr. Ness did my septorhinoplasty. He is amazing! Super nice and listens. He made my nose look very natural which is exactly what I wanted. I would recommend him to anyone. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
51	1	Very skilled surgeon and did wonderfull job with Augmentation and abdominalplasty 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
51	1	My son had cleft lip surgery when he was 6 months old and cleft palate surgery when he was about a year old. Dr. Ness did both of the surgeries. He did a wonderful job, and you can't always even tell that my son had a cleft lip and palate. Dr. Ness was in a hurry at times, but was willing to answer questions and explain things to us when we needed answers. His office got back to us on questions following the surgeries as well.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
52	1	Dr Ness is an outstanding doctor both as a clinician and as a listener/patient advocate.  He treats the whole person with respect for them as an individual.  I recommend him and his associates with the greatest of confidence.  He cared for my mother, my wife and I, our three children, and now our grandchildren. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
53	0	Does not honor DNI.  When the time came she lied and said I changed my mind.  I never did. 	3	2	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	. A+!!  Highly recommend this practice and this doctor! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
54	1	Dr. Nagib and Teresa O'Fallon are great. Everywhere I have gone post-surgery, health care providers reiterate what I heard when I first decided on this place for my cervial fusion...that Nagib is the best surgeon you can hope for. He gave me his undivided attention during my pre-surgery assessment, and was compassionate, easy to understand and helpful. He also had excellent bedside manner pre and post surgery. My incision was well-placed so it is not noticable. Though I'm having residual pain issues, Nagib's office has been helpful in hooking me up with physical therapists, neuro consults, etc. While the work they did is great, they are no way being dismissive that I've not bounced back 100%. So please don't be turned off by the one negative review on here (I nearly was). Give Nagib a shot. It takes some hoop-jumping to get in to see him, but that's just because he's a busy guy. He's worth it.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
54	1	C6-7 disk replacement.  No more severe pain in left arm and shoulder.  About 3+ months since surgery.  Still have some sporatic soreness in upper shoulders but appears to be getting less.  Highly recommend.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	1	Worked a miracle on our son.  Definitely knows what he is doing and I refer him to everyone I know.  Cannot say enough about the staff, wonderful.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
54	1	Dr. Nagib has great skill and for  third time has given me a great out  come with my third neck surgery. There no one else that I would go too.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	1	He was just outstanding.  I am painfree. Thanks Doc and all the staff at Abbott Northwestern.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	1	I have had multiple back surgeries and because of each one of them I have been able to work as a nurse and function in life with minimal pain.  Dr. Nagib is caring and an awesome surgeon.  I have known him since my first surgery in 1984 and he has done all but 1 surgery.  I can walk, work and enjoy my life because of what he does.  Thank You for what you do 	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	Dr. Nagib and Teresa O'Fallon are miracle workers! Surgery on our son Chayton was performed with expertise! He is a man of few words but highly intellegent! As parents we were very worried, but the two of them were so good to us and Teresa was so informative! Great team! I did beg him to do another surgery on our son. At the time I was upset, but he had looked into Chayton's case and unfortunately, felt it was not an option. In that choice, we later learned, Chayton had a more fulfilling life while he was still with us than he would have had if Dr. Nagib had tried to remove the second tumor, due to the location and type. Chayton loved the team that worked with him! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
54	0	Had surgery by Nagib, 15yrs ago he nicked my spinal cord, lied about. Said I must of done it some how. Now I can run, have trouble walking. Numbness in arms,fingers,toes. He lied and lied about everything. I couldn't walk when I first work up. He said I was fine after surger and never mentioned anything about my legs. I did several times. He got away with screwing up my whole way of life. I am still in pain. He said he didn't have any notes, and so nothing went wrong. I went to Dr. Alberg for a second opion he knew I was screwed up!!  You should seen his face when he checked me out. He make it possible for me to get benifits. But I never got enough, to help me for my life of being crippled because of Dr.  Nagib!!!! 	3	2	1	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
55	1	Dr. Nelson is very caring and does her best to figure out health problems and treat them accordingly.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
55	1	. very knowledgeable about her job knows the answer to your questions 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
56	1	Great results to correct a previous surgery. Pain free foot that was causing major problems and severly limiting mobility.  Looking forward to correcting my second foot which will be much easier.  Dr. Nipp takes pride in doing the best work possible with results the patient expects.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
56	-1	He is the worst dr. I've ever gone to, he ruined my feet by doing unnessary surgery on the one and now my life is ruined, I can't go barefoot anymore, I have a hard time walking without shoes with orthotics, can't wear dress shoes or sandals ever again.  I wouldn't send my worst enemy to him.  Should have known what he was like when he kept telling me what great insurance I had, should had been an eye opener for me, but I didn't get it till it was to late....It's been about three years now and they are getting worst as I get older, hate to think what it's gonna be like in a few more, maybe I won't be able to walk at all thanks to him for ruining my life, had no pain until he was done with me.....  	3	3	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
57	-1	I dont know if the years of experience makes a Doctor to be completely devoid of any compassion but this guy appeared to be completely indifferent. I would not suggest this doctor to anyone.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
57	-1	I recently was diagnosed with fibro. In search of an IM doc. Park Nicollet recommended him. He is the WORST doctor I have ever seen! I have recently been to too many! Dr. Son is NOT kind, compassionate, or a good listener! He acted as if I wasted his time! Stuck his nose up at me, and acted as if I was a crazy idiot. Sadly, I left his office crying with seconded guessing my body and feelings.  	 8/13/09	1	2	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
57	-1	Dr. Nguyen gave me blatantly wrong information regarding an MRI report. He told me a brain cyst was growing and wanted me to see a neurosurgeon. I went and got a copy of the report and discovered the the size of the cyst in fact had not changed. When I called to tell him this his nurse was extremely rude to me. Dr. Nguyen then called me back and told me good luck in the future. I took that to mean he was firing me as a patient. I wouldn't have gone back anyway.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
58	1	Dr. Nipper preformed ACL/Miniscus surgery on my knee. I had resisted surgery for some time, but finally caved to my wife’s wishes. It has changed our lives. He is a gifted and caring surgeon. I am blessed that he was there for us. He and his staff are the best! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	Dr. Nipper repaired my torn rotator cuff. He was highly recommended by a close friend, who had used him previously. The entire experience for me went well from beginning to end. My outcome is better than I ever expected. Dr. Nipper is an exceptionally competent and caring surgeon. He is also a good communicator. I found the doctor and his staff to be extremely professional overall.  I would not hesitate to recommend him to my friends or family members.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
58	1	I have had 3 arthroscopic knee surgeries over the past 14 yrs by Dr Nipper and everything went great. He did a total hip replacement last yr and I had a remarkable recovery and was climbing stairs on crutches the day after the surgery - was using a crane 5 weeks later. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
58	-1	Very arrogant. I believe he is a good surgeon, but does not listen and is very fast. Had shoulder surgery and when I complained about pain, he basically said if there was pain, it had nothing to do with his great work. Will not go back to him. 	5	2	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	I have had two shoulder surgeries done by him and getting my third next week. (My fault that I need another one) he has done a great job and the staff was great but I will admit I had to do a lot of waiting.  	5	3	4	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
58	-1	Rushes through things and is never on time. i left after waiting for 40 min - my time is just as important.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
58	-1	Went to this doctor for wrist pain. Long wait times in the exam rooms, around 30min for me. He took one look at my ct and said that it was out of his expertise and tried to send me out of network for a refurral. He was a complete waste of my time and money. 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
58	0	I had a ACL/Miniscus repair by him and the surgery went well, and the knee is holding up good.  However he is very quick, dont listen to you, is not concerned with your questions, and like most drs they come in give you a 1 or 2 word answer and then leave.  he showed up totally fake tanned and wearing a versace suit and seemed he was more worried about impressing the female staff and being a playboy then being a DR. just a ego head.  	4	4	2	4 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
58	0	I am now getting my 4th surgery on my shoulder.  He did a surgery that did not work the first time.  Claimed he knew what he was doing.  He had to re do it again.  He is a failure and doesn't listen to patients.  	2	1	1	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
59	1	Dr Nazarian never fails to spend the time to answer all his questions and mine. He made a diagnosis of a rare disease that other Dr.s had failed to find in 30 years.  He saved my life. He is fantastic.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
60	-1	This doctor is terrible.  My son has gotten him through Ready Care and he doesn't take the time to listen to us at all.  He gave my son a diagnosis while standing in the doorway.  We ended up in the ER that night.  Terrible, terrible doctor.  I know we aren't the only ones who have had issues.  He's always in a rush to get us out the door. 	5	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	Took the time to explain everything. Excellent doctor. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	Have used her for years and my husband has switched to her as well.  She really gets to know her patients so she is able to give them the best service possible.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	-1	saw her for a lump on my breast and she said that since I had not been in for annual visits, she would not let me have a mammogram...so i scheduled a visit that I had to prearrange with my employer who required a 30 day off schedule for the annual visit. After I prearranged a day off for the visit Dr Nielson insisted....I was called by her office that Dr Nielson called in sick and I would have to reschedule.. so I am not going to see her.... she was rude!!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:HealthPartners
62	1	She is a great doctor.  She is very thorough in listening to everything you have to say.  She has great bedside manner and is very sincere and knowledgeable about everything.   I would highly recommend her to anyone! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
63	1	Wonderful doctor and person.  Listens to my concerns, gives me straight answers, and very smart.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
63	1	I'd like to clone this doctor. She is the best I've ever seen and I'm 57 years old. She treats me as if I'm her only patient. She really IS that good! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
64	-1	My kids have had to see Dr. Nelson for occasional problems when their regular pediatrician was booked. The last time my son had a complain of ear pain. She did a cursory exam after listening to my son and blamed his problem on his asthma even though he told her and I told her his asthma had not been a problem. The next day we saw his regular doctor who diagnosed an ear infection and a sinus infection. Dr. Nelson had not even looked in my son's ears with a complaint of ear pain. She was in and out of the room in 3 minutes. And yes, I did time her.  	4	3	1	2 	Insurance:HealthPartners
64	1	Dr. Nelson is a mother first, and a doctor second. She is clearly respected and liked by her patients, their parents, and her colleagues. She is the perfect combination of thorough and laid-back. I chose her before my first child was born because of her easy-going manner. Along the way, with my second and third kids, we ran into some developmental and physiological challenges, and that's when her knowledge and compassion really shone. I value her opinions and heed her advice. But the best thing is that my kids love her-- and she seems to love them. When we run into Dr. Nelson at Wal-Mart, it is as though they are seeing a rock star! 		2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	Execellent doctor with knowledge and careness. Pin point the causes of illness very quickly. Prescribe drugs appropriately and effectively.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	1	the best dentist i've seen in along time.  very helpful and caring, a wonderful practitioner. would highly recommend her to friends and family!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	I completely disagree with both of the previous posts.  I'm not sure why the other posters gave such poor ratings.  I had my first appointment with Dr. Nelson yesterday and he was wonderful.  It was my first appointment with a psychiatrist, so I was nervous and unsure of what to expect.  All my worries subsided a few minutes after meeting him.  He was very pleasant and I thought he was extremely personable. He seemed genuinely interested in my case, my concerns, and my questions.  He made me feel so comfortable, that talking about myself seemed to come so easy.  I have nothing but great things to say following my first appointment with him.  I definitely plan to continue seeing him for the treatment of my ADD.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	-1	I completely agree with the other reviewer and would add that in my case the only thing Dr. Nelson seemed interested in was writing a Rx and getting me out ASAP.  When we would go into his office, he would sit down, pull out the Rx pad, and start writing.  He would usually ask a very basic question of &quot;How is it going&#63;&quot;.  Never anything in-depth, no suggestions of other things that could be done, and no evaluation of my medication's current effectiveness.  Yes, he was somewhat helpful getting me to the proper dose, but after that.....  Yes, he as technical knowledge but does a very poor job of interleaving this with &quot;human knowledge&quot;. 	1	5	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
67	0	Dr. Nelson dignosed me with ADD as an adult and began my treatment by pursuing the proper stimulant medication/dose for my condition. He initially seemed caring &amp; thorough. However ADD treatment requires very hands-on care and open dialogue between patient &amp; provider. Over the past 2 years Dr. Nelson has not been responsive to my concerns, nor has he been receptive to my questions and suggestions about my treatment plan. On one occasion he dismissed my inquiry with the statement, &quot;If I had a dime for every one of you....&quot;  IMO that's a doctor who isn't interested in PERSONAL care. Dr. Nelson has an obvious knowledge of mental health diseases and their related pharmacological treatment options, but he has little time or interest in treating the WHOLE patient with an integrative approach.  	2	5	2	4 	Insurance:Aetna
68	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	This is the best General Physician I have ever used.  Very thorough and patient.  I never feel rushed but I also respect his time.  I would highly recommend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	1	Dr. Nerothin is the most thorough doctor I have been to.  He listens and does not rush.  Every diagnosis has been correct.   I also use the Mayo Clinic.  I rate him right up there with any of their doctors.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	1	Great doctor, cares about his patients.  I would send family members to him for care.  He is on time and listens well.  He takes the time needed to help. 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	Love, love, love Dr Nagel. I have been with her for years! She has been my gyno since my early 20's and also two of my pregnancies in my late 20's. Always make me feel very comfortable as I can be sensitive to bad news or what not and she always assured me everything would be ok and they'd take care of me. Her and her staff did just that.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
71	1	. great 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
72	1	I've been seeing Dr. Nash for over 6 years now and he has helped guided me back to good health the way I want to be cared for - by complete natural means.  He also helps manage earlier injuries to my spine and hip that have in the past prevented me from being as functioning as I am.  Every visit I leave more informed and empowered and I strongly believe taking my personal health into my own hands is how it should be.  I spend less money month with regular visits that are preventative than most people pay each month for a 'what if' when they buy into our faulty health-less care system.  My husband has quit smoking and at almost 50, is in the best health of his life thanks to Dr. Nash.  I  recommend Dr. Nash to everyone I know.  He is a Doctor of pure integrity and without doubt was called into this line of work.    Sheila Fredriksen 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
72	-1	Nash isn't nearly as knowledgeable as he seems to think. He was also very rude and unpleasant. 	4	3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	O.M.G .. Paul Nash is so incredible he has helped my whole family from bed wetting, neck pain Wrist pain, low back pain, Weight loss!!! Food allergies the list goes on and on on top of it all he is a truly caring man and dear friend there isn't anything I wouldn't trust him with!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
72	1	Excellent Physician, he has helped my family when the medical field has failed.  I would highly recommend him.  He has solved problems for back, neck, allergies, high blood pressure 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	I have seen Dr Nash for many different ailments.  I exhausted all that my Medical Doctor could do and once I was told they could do no more.  I found Dr Nash, he is/was a God send to me and my family.  I would tell anyone who has a life altering illness or physical aliment to save time and see Dr Nash ASAP!  I wasted so much time at my MD. Great Doc! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	He has helped our whole family with food alergy issues and other issues that medical doctors had no solution to.  I would recommend highly to family and friends!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	Dr. Nash is great. He helped with a problem that numerous medical and alternative medicine practitioners could not even diagnose. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	A very good Chiropractor + a good person too boot! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	Dr. Nash is extremely knowledgeable. Our family has appreciated his medical support, advice and treatment. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	He's the best!!! I completely trust him and would recommend him to anyone. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
73	0	Very unprofessional and willing to sacrifice wellness and financial well being of his employees in order to get people in the door and increase the bottom line. 	4	1	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
74	1	He is the best doctor I have ever had!  He's been my allergist for 15+ years, and he's been the best one I have ever had.  He's extremely professional, caring, and listens to me.  I feel like he not only cares about me as a patient, but about me as a person as well! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
74	1	Dr. Neuwirth has been my allergist for almost 15 years, and every year I look forward to talking with him. His professional manner and genuine concern for my well being and beyond is why I would recommend him highly. I was concerned when I found out he was partially retiring, because I didnt know where I could find another doctor like him. I still catch him when he is in the office, and dread the day I will have to look for someone else. He is a good friend, and was even gracious enough to write a recommendation for me for Medical school. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
74	1	As far as I'm concerned, Dr. Neuwirth is brilliant. Although he is my allergist he has recognised symptoms of other diseases/disorders and steered me in the right direction to other specialists. Dr. Neuwirth is partially retired and I dread the day that he stops practicing. I have been immensely better since finding him ten years ago. No other allergist has stood up to his capacity for care. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
75	1	Dr. Nicholas is efficient, thorough, concerned, and personable.  He always goes the extra mile, and both he and his staff remember their patients to an incredible degree.  Also, he wears the old-fashioned &quot;pizza cutter&quot; thing on his head, and always wears a bowtie.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
76	1	smart lady - she's there for her patients throught the bad times. 	 5/2/07		2	4	Insurance:Unknown
77	1	Dr. Nelson is very thorough and well thought of in the community.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	1	A great physican.  You will be happy with how dedicated she is to her patients. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	Very knowledgeable and excellent at explaining my anesthetic to me. His block worked perfectly for my pain relief. This was the first time a block had ever worked for me.  Great doctor! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
80	1	Great doctor. Takes his time to explain diagnosis. Very thorough. Personable. Easy to talk too. Highly recommended.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
81	1	He is without any doubt the best pulmonologist and sleep specialist in East TN. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	As a new resident of the smallish town of Winona, I selected Dr. Nolan as my PCP based on proximity and on a pleasant discussion with the Internal Medicine office staff--arguably not the most ideal way to find a new doctor. Therefore, I was uncertain what to expect of our first visit, but ended up very pleasantly surprised. Wait times, in office and exam room, were negligible.  Dr. Nolan's nurse, though seemingly old-school strict, was effective.  Dr. Nolan himself was extremely patient, personable, and most importantly, seemingly very knowledgeable and genuinely caring.  He was easy to discuss ongoing and upcoming care options for my chronic hypertension, as well as a few lesser (but specific) medical conditions. (Note: No physician appreciates a patient with a laundry list of minor ailments--prioritize). His physical exam was extremely thorough, and he was in no rush to end our discussions and my inquiries. In short, I strongly recommend this highly competent physician.  MDS, Ph.D.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
83	1	very nice doctor 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
84	-1	My last appointment with Dr. Nielsen was awful. He seemed arrogant,rude and got defensive when I questioned his recommendation for surgery. He did not want to answer my questions. I was his last appointment of the week and he seemed in a hurry to leave. After this experience, I found another doctor.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
84	-1	I have had some negative and positive experiences with Dr. Nielsen.  The last one was very unpleasant.  I was his last patient of the day (I came in a half hour early. planning to wait in the reception area.), and he was very short with me.  He was obviously in a hurry to get out of the office.  I sat in my car and cried after  the appontiment because he was so hostile.  I would rather they reschedule the appointment than go through this.  I won't go back.  	3	3	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
84	-1	I agree with the other review. Terrible bedside manner. Was in a rush and didn't ask me if I had any concerns or questions- it was my first pregnancy. Comes across arrogant- I went to him once and did not go back. He is the head of all the other doctors at Oakdale OBGYN.  	 3/9/10	2	2	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
84	0	He doesn't have the best bedside manner.  He can come across as arrogant and if you question something, he can get defensive. He is an expert in Laparoscopic Supracervical Hysterectomies though. 	3	5	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	Dr Norback went the extra mile to do additional research and talk to other physicians when looking for my treatment.  He even made sure to call me that day with the information.  He was not as understanding when I called after having negative side effects a few days later, but  overall, I would recommend Dr. Norback to others.  	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
86	1	Dr. Norgard is really the best doctor I have ever seen.  He listens and addresses your concerns, has the best beside manner ever, and will do his level best to stick to your wishes regarding your labor and birth.  He always keeps up with the latest research and applies it.  Top notch physician.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
86	1	Norgard is an excellent doctor. He takes the time to answer any questions you may have or address any concerns you may have. He listens to his patients and is wonderful at what he does, very knowledgeable and from what I can tell has many areas of study. This clinic has other great ob's but he is the best one. Others are like ok whatever and he isn't anywhere like that, he takes a genuine concern with his patients. He is a great physician.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
87	1	Dr.  Nelson took time to get to know me and understand my unique health history 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
88	-1	My father has Alzheimer's and when we asked if perhaps he could stop taking the cholesterel drug and vitamins to reduce the number of medications, he looked right at my dad and said - &quot;well, actually, you don't have to take any of them&quot;  This to an Alzheimer's patient! And he is supposed to be specializing in Geriatrics. When asked about Dad sleeping a lot, he told my mom to just let him sleep.  I am surprised he didn't tell her to put him out on an ice float to die.   I have absolutely no faith in this doctor! 	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
88	-1	My regular doctor cut down her office hours and I moved farther away, so when I had a PTSD episode and missed some work I took my FMLA forms to Dr. Nielsen.  He said he could not fill out the forms because he was not familiar with me or my case, and I said I understood, and I would make an appointment with my regular doctor.  If the visit had ended there I would not be on this website.  He proceeded to accuse me of not following up on previous care instructions and to lecture me on expectations and responsibility, repeatedly pointing at the computer and saying he had no history of my complaints.  I gave him some highlights of my medical history, sobbing all the while, while he filled out the forms.  I wish he hadn't.  I wish he'd had the integrity to refuse to fill them out since he obviously didn't believe anything I said.  I left feeling traumatized and victimized.  He could have just refused to fill out the forms.  I wish he had.  	4	5	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
88	-1	Talks down to patient. Told me my allergic reactions were all in my head. He knew about a reaction I had to a certain med and RX'd it anyway.Pharmacist caught it.He told her &quot;Give it to this person, who are you to judge. He out and out lied to me about what was in the medication.I have never gone back. Smart mouth on him.  		2	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
89	-1	Does not listen to patient. 	3	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
90	1	Best surgean ever.  I had 3 surgeries with him for one disease, and I feel back to normal.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
90	1	The first time I was seen by Dr. Nordestam it was an emergency situation. He and his staff were kind, caring, and professional. I was worked into their heavy schedule but never felt like an added burden to them.  Dr. Nordenstam took special care to explain what was causing all of the pain and problems I was experiencing. He offered several options for treating my problem. It has been several months and a few visits to the clinic, but I am much better. I would recommend Dr. Nordenstam to everyone. He is wonderful.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
90	-1	This surgeon is HORRIBLE! A family member of mine had surgery with this guy and he left a towel inside of her and they had to open her back up to get it out. She almost died! Do Not let you or your family see him! I wouldn't let my dog be operated by this guy! 	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
90	-1	went to see him because I was in pain. he did a banding procedure that was extremely painful, but dismissed the pain and offered no meds to help. Then it turns out the banding was unnecessary, since I was still in pain. Another doctor took more time and found the real cause of my pain, something this guy had no time for.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
90	1	Extremely helpful, answered all my questions, thorough and couldn't have been nicer! I'd highly recommend him!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
91	-1	was falling asleep while I was talking about my problems. I felt worse after seeing him. 	3	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
92	-1	 	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
93	1	 	3	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
94	1	Dr. Nottleson has been my GP for 14yrs and I have been very happy with him. Always listens to what I have to say. Nurses and staff at his clinic are all very professional and helpful. He has been great at helping me set goals and reach them. I would recommend him to any of my friends.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
95	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
96	1	I absoluty love this dr. He listens well and takes all of your concerns into aco****.  I would recomend him to anyone and wonderful with children 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
96	1	Very nice. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
97	0	Doctor Nelson may be a good surgeon, but he can't spell the word empathy.  He is a cold fish with a front of the house person who is, sorry to say it this way, just a mean, rotten jerk.  When I called 2 days before my surgery to inquire about pre-surgery procedures, this creep yelled at me and told me to talk with my primary care physician.  When I spoke with Dr No-Empathy after my surgery about continuing pain, he told me he had nothing to say to me.  AVOID THIS DOCTOR LIKE THE PLAGUE. 	1	3	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
97	1	He is very pleasant and truely cares about his patients. I had excellent outcomes with my total hip. I would highly recommend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
97	1	i've had both hips replaced.  Dr. Nelson was the surgeon who replaced my left hip in 2007.  I couldn't be more pleased with the result of the minimally invasive surgery and with Dr. Nelson, himself.  I'd recommend him in a heartbeat to anyone needing hip surgery.  He's very personable as well! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
