dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	Knowledgeable,highly skilled,trustworthy,caring, patient and supportive. Dr. Kamath has been inspiring and an enormous help to us, as we deal with a challenging liver/bile duct disease known as PBC.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
2	1	This gentleman is very knowledgeable, however his people skills are lacking. I always felt he knew his work very well, but seems to take it personally when you ask him questions or offer other ideas. If people skills are not important to you, he will be a very good doctor for you. 	5	5	2	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	-1	Dr Kilgore delivered my son. When I approached her prior to delivery, she brushed off my concerns. The next day I went into labor,only to find out that the cord was wrapped around his neck. I tore muscles in my neck/shoulder area because she told me he was too far along the canal to do a c section. I had to push hard and fast to get him out, resulting in tears. He then spent the night in the nursery on oxygen and had to have a scope in his throat. The ENT said his vocal cords were crushed. I went back for my 6 week check, and her suggestion for my pain&#63;&#63;&#63;chiropractor.... It has been 7 years now, and I still deal with the pain from that. I have gone to 5 different doctors, and just have to live with the pain from that. Thank god my son recovered and has a normal life!!!  I will never set foot in her office again! 	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	She really help with my son and my twin pregnancy. I think she is a great doctor 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
3	-1	Absolutely HORRIBLE doctor!!! She has caused multiple baby's infections as well as she has broke the collar bones in many babies due to her carelessness!!! It is a wonder on how she still has her license! She has more than one malpractice suit against her....NEVER RECCOMENDED!! She also will tie your tubes during a c-section without your request if she believes you should be done having children just because she isn't able to have children. HORRIBLE DOCTOR! Stay far away from her. I reccomend Armstrong 150%! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	Dr. Kilgore was excellent throughout the recent tests and procedures I had.  She was professional yet compassionate, answered all my questions, and made a stressful situation much less upsetting. She continued testing and searching for the answers to the issues I was dealing with. Her staff nurse was also wonderful and I would highly recommend Dr. Kilgore and her team for anyone needing gynecological services. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	I recently had a test done by Jane Kilgore, and I was VERY happy with her. She was very informational and nice. She didnt waste anytime, very quick in and out of the clinic!!.  I would  recommend her in the future for any testing! She is willing to make things as easy as possible for you!! =) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	-1	I was in on a delivery as a student nurse she did about 5 or 6 yrs ago. First off, she caused MAJOR infection in a new baby, which was then flown to Fargo. Next she almost dropped the baby on the floor stating, &quot;Slippery lil' bugger&quot;. And finally, she all around has TERRIBLE bedside manor! Sorry Jane, but I would not recommend.  		1	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	-1	This doctor did a tubiligation on me without my concent when i had my son by c-section. NOT RECOMENDED. Now i cant try for my third child enless i get a reversal which they should do for free but they want me to pay.  This doctor should have lost her licence but she still practices at the meritcare clinic in bemidji,mn 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	My son loves him. I would tell everyone with an Autisic child to see him.  A+ 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
5	-1	On my initial consult, he spent about 30 seconds reviewing my issue. He said surgery was required. I had the surgery, but I had to go back for the same surgery a week later to complete what should have been done the first time. I tried multiple times to call him about the issue but he elected to never call me back. I was in so much pain from the surgery that I finally gave up and went to a different doctor at his practice, who did the second surgery for the same issue. He was fantastic. 	5	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	Doctor Kath does a great job and is one of the few dentists I have returned to. I have never had any problems with any of the work he has done to my teeth. And, there has been plenty. That is more than I can say for every other dentist I used in the TC area. He is now our family dentist, and I trust him.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
6	1	Dr Kath is a great dentist, my family has been going to him for over 20 years, I recommend him to everyone. Very patient, caring, the office does their best to accomodate both your schedule and your ability to pay out of pocket expenses. He has had the same office staff forever... and that says a lot about how he treat everyone! 		5	5	4 	Insurance:Delta Dental
6	-1	Some patients may enjoy chatting with Dr. Kath, but he seems to lack updated knowledge in his field. His office seeks out children patients, but they were not able to handle my child, who is doing beautifully now with a pediatric dentist. I would urge you to seek a younger doctor who is more familiar with the latest techniques.  		5	2	2 	Insurance:HealthPartners
6	1	Very helpful dentist. We've been with him for over 20 years and in addition to being an excellent dentist, he is a very sociable person who truly cares about his patients.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	0	Very mixed reviews about this doc.  I travelled to the Mayo in '07 b/c I have a pelvic pain condition that most doctors don't know how to treat.  Dr. Kastner was much nicer than the jerks I had dealt with prior to seeing him- a refreshing change.  However, he diagnosed me before examining me, and gave me a generic treatment plan (which did not help).  Had he bothered to do additional lab tests, he may have learned that I was suffering from a *rare yeast infection (something I didn't even know existed two years ago).  If he's bothered to culture for non-Albicans yeast, then I may not have had my pelvic nerves fried by constant infections.  I am now in a situation where I can't get rid of my fungal problem- probably b/c it went untreated for so long.  Thanks a lot, doc. 	4	4	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	I had read the previous reviews on here of Dr. Kastner before my appt with him. Because of those, I prepared myself for the possibility of an unpleasant experience. I have to say that absolutely nothing the two others here have written resembled my experience whatsoever. Kastner was excellent. Informative, thorough, knowledgable, and gave me the least painful exam of its type i've ever had. He went above and beyond to explain things to me and ensure i was doing alright at every point of the exam & tests. I will request to see him again in the future. I recommend him.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	-1	I wish I found this site before my medical exam. Dr. Kastner should not practice medicine and needs professional help.  He made inappropriate comments, his exam was overly aggressive, inappropriate conduct, no nurse in the room, and clearly is unstable. I was violated.  I cannot believe the MAYO Clinic allows this man to practice medicine.  He is a major liability.  It is most unfortunate that a fine organization like the Mayo Clinic condones this type of behavior.  Please, choose another doctor/provider and insist on having a nurse in the room.  Turning a blind eye to this type of illegal, unethical and unsafe behavior warrants further investigation. Please, if you or someone you love has had an experience with this man, it is not your fault, and I pray you will have the courage to report Dr. Kastner, to both his superiors and if necessary, law enforcement. You are not alone.  It is my hope to shed light on & stop such abhorrent behavior. I pray the Mayo will do the right thing here.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	-1	Physician made inappropriate comments during exam.  Complaints made to administration were dismissed. 	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	I am throughly impressed with Dr. Kazim.  Very thorough!  Saw her for the first time last week and will definately keep her as my primary physician.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
8	1	I have been seeing Dr. Kazim since 1993. She is a very good doctor and does remember things about you, like your family and your history. She can run late but only because she takes time with her patients, which most doctors don't do anymore. About 4 years ago I had numbess in my hands, feet and face. I thought I had MS and was freaking out. Went in and she ran tests and was very good at calming me down. Found out thru a blood test that I had a vitamin B-12 deficiency. She ordered B-12 shots and it totally took care of the problem. I completely trust her advice.  	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
8	1	Knowledgeable with questions and remembers from before. I feel like a person and not a number.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
9	1	Dr Kellogg was not only patient with all of my questions, his bedside manner and demeanor were unsurassed. He takes the time to listen and address your concerns, and refuses to give a pat answer.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
10	1	Dr. Kas was wonderful and has a cute sense of humor--very dry. He takes time to listen to you and asks questions.  He was extremely nice and soothing! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
11	1	An excellent MD.  One of the best in his field.  Did my husbands surgery protatectomy .  Excellent results and sprecializes in robotic surgery . Has done over 600 and teaches other MDS to do. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	DR. Kemberling really takes the time to listen.  I did not feel hurried or rushed and to my surprise he called me back immediately with lab results.  I saw him as a second opinion after being diagnosed with prostate cancer.  He has skills in minimally invasive surgery.  I was very pleased and I would highly recommend Dr. Kemberling to anyone. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	My child saw him for years.  He really explained things and was always pleasant and respectful.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	1	What a great doctor! If you are looking for someone who is always on time, listens and explains well, he is the one. He also has a great sense of humor. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	-1	I needed to get a form filled out in order to keep my MN driver's license and my redgular doctor wasn't available be the date necessary.  Dr. Ka refused to give me a positive review (which is understandable since I had not seen her before) but then gave me a one page cartoon depicting hyper and hypo glycimia and left the room, ending my visit.  Being a diabetic for over a decade I found this insulting, extemely rude, and about informative as a television commercial. The visit was a complete waste of time and if I didn't go down for a lab appointment as well I may have created a scene in the lobby afterwards.  Terrible.  	4	5	1	2 	Insurance:HealthPartners
13	1	Dr. K took a great deal of time with me and discussed all of my symptoms in a way that made me feel that I was being taken seriously.  She was kind, concerned, and looking carefully for all possible answers to what is causing my condition.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
14	-1	Very set in his ways. Not willing to make changes when treatment is not effective. Antagonistic to pediatric psych patients.  	4	4	1	2 	Insurance:Aetna
15	-1	Dr. Kay was incredibly rude to my husband and I when we made an emrgncy trip to the UC for my migraine. She made me plead my case (all of us migraine sufferers know what I mean). Before giving me an injection, she informed me that NO ONE ever leaves with 0 pain. I told her with a certain med I can leave the UC with no pain. She rolled her eyes and said, 'that's different'. When I informed the nurse my pain was at 0, Dr Kay came back in and started yelling at me demanding to know what I was going to do to stay out of the UC. Like I like going there. Anyways, any qualified doctor would realize that a migraine sufferer who has just gotten rid of a 3 day long headache does not have the strength to regurgitate what it is they do day in and day out to prevent migraines. When the migraine is gone, you need to rest. Dr. Kay did not get that. I would not recommend that my worst enemy see this doctor. Dr. Kay was the straw that broke this camels back in regards to using Park Nicollet.  		4	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	. He listens and is open to ideas 	 5/9/09	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	Very Good Doctor. Takes time to get to know peaple 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	Dr. Kalina and his staff are very knowledgable.  His office is high tech.  I was treated with kindness throughout my visit. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	-1	His hygenist chipped my tooth with her rough cleaning and prying up on my fillings and he was rude and cold and said prying on the fillings is normal part of cleaning!!! Jerk. 	1	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	Dr. Kalina is a young, yet knowledgeable dentist. He's gentle..and doesn't freak out at you about not flossing...which is a NICE break. He's really really nice along with his staff. His office is so technically advanced too. You can watch TV when he checks your teeth! How cool is that&#63;! He's an awesome dentist.. I highly recommend! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
19	1	Dr. Amy Kelly is an awesome doctor!! She is one of the reasons I couldn't wait to go to my prenatal doctors appointments. She is very personable.  Everyone I've talked to who also sees Dr. Kelly, has nothing but good things to say about her.  Her staff is awesome  as well.  Both her nurse,Katie, and her nurse practitioner Sue, are a pleasure to be seen by.  Dr. Kelly actual listens to her patients, and cares about them.  Dr. Kelly  is a very smart women, who can answer  any questions someone may have. So overall I love Dr.  Amy Kelly! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
19	1	Dr. Kelly is a fabulous physician and I refer anyone in search of a new OBGYN to her. She is energetic, enthusiastic, confident, reliable straight to the point and very compassionate. She is part of a practice with multiple offices which allows you to choose a convenient location in either St Paul or within a few St Paul suburbs.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
20	1	We paid a lot of money to fly across the country and see Katzka. The trip was very much worth the time and money. He diagnosed me and provided a plan of action.  Been suffering for so long, so we were so grateful! Honestly never thought we'd find an answer! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	1	I've been to a lot of GI doctors, none of whom were able to diagnose me (and none of whom seemed to care or take me seriously). I'm so grateful for Dr Katzka. I never thought I'd receive a diagnosis after so long, but he had me diagnosed and with a treatment plan within days of meeting him. He's an excellent doctor, and I'd recommend anyone with esophageal problems to make the trip to see him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	This was an excellent visit to the chiropractor. He was kind and calm and very knowledgable. I will continue seeing him after my car accident as I noticed a difference after the first treatment. I highly recommend him! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	I have suffered from Chronic pain for quite some time and other doctors couldn't figure out what was wrong.  One (1 hour) visit with Dr. Kent and he nailed it!! Extremely good listener! Went over treatment options and I am now doing much better.  A+++ doctor!! Would DEFINATELY recommend to e 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	-1	Somewhat condescending, arrogant, and terse. Has a lot to learn about doctor/patient relationships. Noticed he has spleen qi deficiency, probably due to liver invading spleen.  	1	5	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	She is genuinely caring, and truly makes you feel like you are her most important patient. She is very thorough-her exams include more than other physicians I've had. She is extremely knowledgeable, and very open to questions. The only thing that I find challenging (and it's not that big a deal) is her communication skills.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
23	1	I've had several docs in the Duluth area, Dr. S. Kamper has been great to work with. She really cares about her patients. I would recommend her to anyone! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	Dr. Susan Kamper is an excellent doctor. She is personable, friendly, and genuinely cares about her patients. She listens to all your concerns and doesn't try to rush you out of the office as many doctors do. I would recommend her to everyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	Very careful to check everything out. Treats you like a very good friend. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	Dr. Susan Kamper is a very good doctor and is willing to do whatever she can to help you. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	she is very formal and understanding and she cares 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	Dr. Karp saved my life when I was diagnosed with Breast Cancer.  With the early diagnosis and immediate care.  I feel very thankful to have him as my General Surgeon @ Leahy.  He has a great sense of humor and is very direct and honest.  God Bless You Dr. Karp!  Thank you for saving my life! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	Dr. Karp is great to work with. We have used him for routine care and more advanced care for our son. He is great about spending time with you to figure out what is happening and giving you options. Highly recommended.  	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
26	-1	I agree she's not the kind of doctor you want to see if your condition is rare. I've seen her 3 times and I'm done wasting my time with her. Last time I saw her she was quite rude.  	3	3	1	2 	Insurance:HealthPartners
26	-1	Unless you have diabetes, I don't think she'll know what's wrong with you if you have a rare endocrine condition. Very oldschool, and way too textbook.  	2	2	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	1	Dr. Khan is not cuddly or touchy feely, but is very straightforward yet compassionate.  She is checking me for conditions I have never been tested for, and I appreciate her thoroughness.  She made me feel hopeful about my future.  	4	2	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
26	-1	Very rude and narrow-minded doctor.  	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	-1	She wanted me to consult with the insurance during my visit about the coverage of a routine test for physicals. But she never told about another test I requested and instead charged for 2 visits. This shows that She wants to avoid doing routine tests during physicals but would be happy to do other tests and charge for 2 visits. She does not care about the patient concerns. You can't trust her to do what is needed for a patient but she is very well aware what affects her pocket book. I felt like she did not pay attention to the patient needs but attends to many other things during our consultation 	2	2	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
28	-1	. over two hour wait for appointment in office, arrogant, callous 		1	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	1	Dr. Kelly took the time to explain things very well so both my husband and I knew what was happening.  I also found his staff to be very helpful in answering questions and providing services.  If I needed surgery again I would want Dr. Kelly 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	A caring man who engages you and gives clear reasons for his decisions. Respectfully listens to what you have to say and tries to educate you. During a routine physical he discovered what turned out to be cancer of the prostate. The highly-regarded urologist who treated the cancer said he wasn't sure he would have found the growth as early on as Dr. Kelly did.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
30	1	I like the fact that Dr. Kelly took time to listen to me. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	Dr. Kelly was recommended by my midwives over 20 years ago -- with good reason. A rare, thoughtful, honest, intelligent man that is gentle, caring, and empathetic beyond your wildest expectations. He explains his recommendations for your care, involves you in it, and seems to always look for better ways of offering good care -- plus, is open to non-traditional approaches. For example, he suggested meditation as stress reliever to my college daughter as an alternative to medicine. He is part of a superb, independent practice, Riverside Family Physicians, with two other doctors that are also wonderful. Highest recommendation. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	He explained what he was doing, why he was doing it and what to expect.  We discussed alternative treatments. He listened to me and answered my questions. Any time I need an ENT, he'll be my first choice. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	Great doctor - actually listened to me. I was hesitant to go on medications and she did not push pills at all. Helped me make choices that I was comfirtable with.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	1	She is amazing. I have tired many differetn cardiologists and she is the one that I trust and will take the time to make sure that I am ok and comfortable with my treatment. She always tells me if I need anything just call and she always calls me back in a timely maner. I would highly recommend her, she is wonderful. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	Thorough, attentive to details of patient history.  Doesn't make a patient feel rushed for time.  	4	5	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	1	Dr. Kern did a radical prostatectomy on me in 2001.  Still cancer free and have always been very, very happy with this great man.   Thank You Again Dr. Kern. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	Dr. Kasperson is very competent. I had a partial mastectomy and the ladies at the radiation center said he did a beautiful job. The biopsy of the nipple area was done by another surgeon at another clinic and was a nightmare, so I am glad I chose to change clinics and surgeons. Dr. Kasperson also did my daughter's gull bladder surgery and did a wonderful job. Highly recommend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	0	Was rescheduled twice and ended up with a staph infection after surgery requireing a 2nd surgery to fix the first one. 	4	2	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	Helped drastically with my lower back pain.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
37	1	She helped us through a tough diagnoses. We are sad to leave her. She is by far the best pediatric dr we have ever had. period.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
38	1	He was so helpful when my daughter was born.  He was great at following up and explaining everything. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	I have Thyroid Cancer. Dr. Kahn was running about 20 minutes late, however, she took my entire 30 min appt and went over all the details of my care with me.  She even wrote down the notes of what I needed to do and she explained everything in terms I understood.  She was very nice and I had a great experience.  	2	2	4	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
39	0	I'll start out by saying that I'm a Type I Diabetic. She recently put me on the pump (which is nice), but she hardly takes any time to discuss my issues or concerns with me. She glances at my numbers and is out the door. On top of that, when my levels were bouncing around last year and my A1C was a little high, she started *yelling* at me and calling me what amounted to a bad person. Pardon me, but two years before my A1C was running 5.6, and little had changed. That either means there is something wrong with my insulin plan or my diabetes care. The only reason I haven't found a different endocrinologist is because the clinic she works at is close, and I don't know of anyone else.  	4	1	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	1	Took a long time to react to my problems, every appointment she said &quot;We'll take more labs, see what they say, and if they haven't improved we'll move on to the next step&quot; only to say the same at the next appointment, until finally referring me to Mayo... unfortunately after I'd moved out of state and am changing insurance. Also not very good at getting Rx's faxed in, usually takes a few calls. Nurse Sheila is very friendly and helpful, however. Dr. Khan seems to be relatively knowledgeable, but progress is slow.  		3	3	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	-1	She gave me a diabetes drug even though my fasting glucose was 90 and I don't have it and had &quot;slightly elevated insulin levels.&quot; She couldn't even say whether or not I had PCOS. She tested my hormone levels on the worst possible day, when I was ovulating, instead of day three of the cycle. She didn't even advise me on diet, I had to find that out myself. All in all, she treated me like cattle. I wouldn't send my worst enemy to her!! 		3	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	I was VERY impressed with this doctor.  He did a thorough examination and spoke with me at length about what was happening with me.  He was considerate of the fact that I had babies at home but traveled hundreds of miles to go to Mayo.  He was able to confirm my illness (which was NOT MS), gave me a very accurate prognosis, and was very kind, understanding, and helpful.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
40	0	This doctor was the most rude, dismissive, arrogant, doctor I have every seen.  Absolutely no empathy. He specializes in multiple sclerosis.  Be careful or he might tell you that your brain looks like swiss cheese on your first visit for confirmation of the disease.  He also spent much of the time talking about his own illnesses.  How is that relevant to me&#63;  I would avoid him like the plague even though he is knowledgeable. 	2	2	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
40	-1	This Doctor is very rude and will not listen to patient.Feel if you are over 65 there is nothing that can be done.  		2	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
41	1	Very comforting and knowledgeable. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	Dr. Kelly is extremely knowledgable, kind, gentle and open-minded!(rare to find in an M.D.  these days!) 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	-1	. Not good at returning phone calls, severe abdominal pain four days after a pillcam still has not passed and he has not given me an answer yet 	4	2	2	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	-1	he was unable to treat the condition he had very limited knoweledge of it but did give it a good try. I had issues with him with information released to in in doctor patient relationship was released with out permission. Major hippa violation I would never trust him again I have since switched to a different MD. My advice is if you want to go see a mid point MD go see him but if you expect good quality care keep looking. One thing that comes to mind when think of him is incompetence and betrayal.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	1	Very nice doctor. His nurse was very pleasant. He was very thorough and empathetic. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	-1	Dr. Kiefer is by far the worst medical practitioner I have ever had the horrible luck of seeing. I saw him because my regular doctor was out of the country. He was rude, flippant, talked down to me, did not answer questions, and had a young intern with him. I wanted to tell the young man to do everything opposite of what Dr. Keifer was doing. He also struck me as someone that did not like working with women. The MRI rep. called him for some clarification on the MRI order, and she noted that he was very rude to her too. He was very cold, unsympathatic, and ordered an MRI which cost me thousands of dollars. Because I don't have good insurance, this will be a hardship to pay for. Another doctor commented that causing me the anxiety and ordering an MRI without exploring other options first was not the responsible thing to do, and the MRI was normal.  I would strongly recommend that ANY other doctor be selected over Mr.Keifer. 	5	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
45	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	Great doctor.  Very knowledgeable.  I am glad I chose him and will stay with him.  	 4/13/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
46	1	Thankful I went to him for a second opinion.  He found cancerous cells in my uterus which were quickly removed. He was very thorough.  	 11/13/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Tricare
46	1	I recommend him to all my friends.  He is very friendly and very clear.  He found a cause for my problems that other doctors had NOT even considered.  He gave me all the possible causes and explained what the next steps were.  I am glad I went to him. 	 11/7/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	Excelent doctor, very nice to talk with. He is very knowledgable and caring, also very helpful.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
46	-1	I thought this man was a fear-mongering monster. He never bothered to look at my history until I reminded him to do so and then he went off on the small possibility that I might have cancer like it was a foregone conclusion. I think he thought that if he couldn't fit the word &quot;cancer&quot; into every other sentence, he wasn't doing his job. I left his office convinced I had a malignancy and had to live with that fear for two weeks. Then I had the D&C; and was told I was just fine. I hear he's leaving Minnesota. GOOD RIDDANCE!! 	1	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	I really like Dr. Khayat, he's always very friendly and makes sure he asks if I have any questions. This is my first baby, and it has been a relief having him as my doctor.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
46	0	 	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
47	1	Has been our Family Doctor since the mid 80's.  Great Doctor and a great human being.  Calm, deliberate, and very competent.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
47	1	Always willing to spend time with you and very knowledgable. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	good doctor 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	Dr. Dennis Kaivo is super knowledgeable, he knows very well what he is doing, and my family trusts him for taking care of us for more than 11 years.  He is very friendly, amazing,  makes you feel very welcome and comfortable in the office. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	Dr. Kaiser is a wonderful doc.  Handles all my allergy issues but always asks about any other ailments and advises me on what to do about those.  i.e. Will give me a referal to another doc if he thinks that's necessary.  My life was almost intolerable during allergy season until I saw him.  He turned it around almost overnight.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
49	1	ABLE TO HELP ME WHEN NO ONE ELSE COULD. CAN SPEAK TO HIM DIRECTLY BY PHONE. MORE CONCERNED ABOUT HIS PATIENTS THAN HIMSELF. OTHER DR'S COULD LEARN A LOT FROM HIM ABOUT PT CARE. HE IS WHAT A DOCTOR SHOULD BE AND WHAT YOU CAN NO LONGER FIND IN THE MEDICAL PROFESSION.  EXCELLENT!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	1	Dr. Kietzmann  is incredibly kind and very patient.  Until I saw him, doctors would usually rush in and out in under 5-10 minutes.  Dr. Kietzmann takes time to sit with his patients and answer questions.  He is very knowledgable.  Dr. Kietzmann is also a Creighton trained doctor.  He was the third medical professional we saw for my infertility and thanks to him, I'm now pregnant!  He actually took the time to figure out what was wrong and help to correct it, rather than just tossing different medications at me like the others did.  He also answers e-mail rather promptly, wich I have appreciated very much.  We drive an hour and half to see him, and it is so worth it.   I recommend him to all my friends! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
51	1	Dr. Kedia was very nice and listened well to my concerns. She made sure that I understood the procedures. The only problem I had was that I mentioned low energy and a possible B12 shot, so she checked those levels via a blood test but did nothing else to find a remedy or offer suggestions. Overall, she was courteous and the rest of the staff was very nice as well.  	5	5	4	4 	Insurance:HealthPartners
51	1	Swati is friendly, helpful, and knowledgeable but has repeatedly failed to communicate essential specifics such as the cost of the procedures she recommends and what tests will be done with samples gathered at visits. We were billed, for example, for services that weren't mentioned during our visit. To their merit, the issue was more or less sorted out in calls to the HealthEast clinic. 		4	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	Dr. Kavaney has retired, and he will be missed.  I saw him for 6 years.  One very valuable thing that Dr Kavaney offered was the insight that anything is possible.  Basically, he understood how complex our bodies were when it came to medications.  He treated appropriately and with compassion based upon that understanding.  A great physician! 	 2/27/10	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	He is patient and sympathetic and was the first doctor to figure out what was going on with me 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	Dr. Katter is a very intelligent man. Has good bedside manner and is very thorough.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
55	1	Dr. Kelly was the surgeon called to evaluate my need for emergency coronary bypass surgery in 2001 when there was some disagreement among the cardiologists following an angiogram. She drove to the hospital for a personal evaluation and performed the surgery. Recovery was without complication.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
56	-1	 	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	No problems.  Easy access.  Very bright.  Fixed my problem right at the appointment.  Felt better as soon as I left 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	You should check out this guy's resume!  Harvard, Johns Hopkins.   He knows his stuff 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
58	1	Contrary to others' experiences, I found Dr. Khromhout to be funny, knowledgeable, and he treated me as though I am an intelligent person.  His nurses seemed to like him too.  My understanding is that he is a technician only and does not have a general gastroenterology practice.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
58	1	Blunt to a fault. Poor bedside manner lost this doctor a patient. My young, healthy husband saw him for an endoscopy and was scared to death-- the doctor suggested that, based on his GERD symptoms, cancer was a great possibility. (He was fine.) Scared him to death, and my husband went five years before seeing another GI specialist. We saw this doctor simply because he was the one who visited our hometown clinic. Find the best doctor, even if it's not the most convenient. 		3	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
59	-1	This guy is one of the WORST doctors I have ever encountered. He appears to have been at this so long that he has lost all compassion for his patients. He just goes through the motions and could care less if he answers anything you need to know. When I pressed the issue about a lesion I know was in my throat, and he could not find, he actually threw his arms up and down, with a loud sigh, making no doubt that he was tired of me and anything i had to say. As he proceeded to check my throat again, he roughly shoved his fingers down my throat and made me gag. I am sure he did this intentionally; no apology was offered at all and he simply stated there was nothing wrong with me and that I would have to figure out what I wanted to do next. Excuse me&#63; What the hell did I pay this bum for&#63; Don't go to this guy, he sucks. 	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	Dr. Dennis Kaivo is super knowledgeable, he knows very well what he is doing, and my family trusts him for taking care of us for more than 11 years.  He is very friendly, makes you feel very welcome and comfortable in the office. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	Explains proceedure. Very pleasant. Takes his time, doesn't perform unnecessary proccedures - excellent - highly rec. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	Dr. Khan is always willing to help out and listen to me. I have many medical issues and he's one guy I'd trust away from Duluth doctor's. He's got good bedside manner as well.  Thumbs up! 	5	4	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	1	I have been seeing Margaret for many years now as she has been helping me deal with some major issues.  I cannot say enough wonderful things about her.  Truly, I cannot!  She has helped me tremendously and am deeply grateful to her.  I would not hesitate in recommending her to anyone needing assistance.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	1	Margaret is insightful, respectful of my process, collaborative in style and kind. She is direct in communication and easy to talk to. She is prompt in returning calls and proactive about scheduling needs. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	Margaret is a licensed psychologist with a Masters Degree who is very easy to talk to. I have cognitive problems due to MS and also suffer from depression, and have been her patient for 7 years. She does an excellent job of helping me find coping techniques. Her body language and her empathy makes her a good listener which makes it so much easier to share frustrating and &quot;hard to talk about&quot; problems.  She asks good questions, has a relaxed manner and a good sense of humor (I mean an appropriate sense of humor, nothing belittling), 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
63	0	poor choice 	4	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	Amazing! Gave birth to my daughter almost 20 years ago, and he was there with me.  Still great! Very nice man :) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
65	1	She is the best!  She moved to another health group and I had to leave her.  I wish she were still my doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
65	1	Excellent service, very knowledgeable and caring ...  overall awesome experience 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
65	1	She is very thorough and took the time to answer all of my questions. Also made a point to request my records from a Dr. not in the Fairview system so that she would have a complete picture.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
65	-1	I found her very hrash and did not anwer q's I had. 	5	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	Came in for problems with my feet.  They took a long time to get really bad, and I didn't think there was anything that could help.  Dr. Kelm seemed very knowlegable about my problem and I can say that I have seen a very significant improvement in my problem feet.  I have days now where I don't even think about my feet! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	 	4	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
68	-1	At my appt. It seemed as if Dr. Kahn had little time to address my concerns about my problem regarding my five year fight with joint pain. Nor did he seem to care.  What little information or concerns that I was able to express were immediately dismissed and I was left with a feeling that I was stupid.  It was as if he wanted to run as many people through his office as he could in a day.  I pay for my health visits and expect a level of care commensurate with the cost charged for the doctors and staff. My visit with Dr Kahn fell far short in those regards but in fairness his staff was excellent.  If you need a Rheumatologist I would not recommend Dr Kahn.  I went to him because he was conveniently located.  I learned a lesson. 	5	3	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
68	-1	This wasn't the doctor for me. I felt he was condescending. I was prescribed medication I didn't ask for and don't need. My actual concerns remained unaddressed even though I brought them up multiple times and even handed him a list of my symptoms/ recent problems. To boot, Dr. Khan was looking at his cell phone (texting or reading text messages) during my appointment. All I can say is, the whole experience has left me very discouraged. 	5	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
68	-1	Told me eight years ago I had a systemic disease.  I saw him for a few years.  I decided to get another opinion as he wasn't do anything for it.  I found out I don't have the disease.  I have something else that is not related to what he told me I had. 	5	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	I love this Doctor. He is direct and to the point. If you want a doctor that will hold your hand and coddle you this is not the one for you he has picked a support staff that handles the hand holding but if you want a Doctor that knows his job, knows the system and gets straight to the point then he is for you. I would recommend him to any one wanting or needing a rheumatologist that knows fibromyalgia.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
68	-1	Referred for fibromyalgia, arthritis and other severe joint pain. Have seen him 4x, without his fabulous staff would have no clue what had been done.  LOVES to prescribe medication (and if you tell him it's not working, he just prescribes more AND also adds other meds to the mix.  Had to get my records for disability, Dr. Khan had dictacted only about a sentence for each visit, although I had complications from the shots he was giving me!!  His notes only said &quot;treatment went well&quot; or &quot;treatment going fine&quot;.  Not exactly helpful or useful to me or the insurance company.  As another reviewer noted - BE PREPARED TO BE FORCEFUL WITH YOUR QUESTIONS, or they will not be answered.  He is probably very knowledgeable, but obviously has trouble imparting this knowledge to his clients.  I really wanted help, and my visits to Dr. Khan only increased my frustration.  	5	3	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	0	Undoubtedly very intelligent and competent, but extremely quick.  Come prepared to ask many questions and be forceful.  He made several minor mistakes with my case.  Very uninformative.  	4	3	1	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	-1	Staff is wonderful, without them I would have no idea what Dr. Khan was even doing.  He gave me a cortizone injection without even discussing it with me.  He also handed me a brace without any instructions on how to use it.  He did not explain anything.  I left more confused than when I went. 	4	3	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
68	-1	I went to Asim Khan for fibromyalgia and all he wanted to do was medicate me. He put me on so many different medications and they did NOT help. He also doesn't listen very well to patients. I have a friend that also went to him and she said he was not helpful for fibromyalgia either. 	3	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
69	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	Dr. Kern is a wonderful doctor. He is so caring and takes the extra time to make you feel comfortable. I had my gallbladder removed and he did a fantastic job. I would highly recommend him to anyone. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	Dr. Kern made my family and I feel so comfortable during my battle with Thyroid Cancer.  He anticipated our questions and was very knowledgeable.  His bedside manner is excellent.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
70	1	Communicates well and gives you quality time. Highly regarded. Compassionate. I refer other patients to him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
71	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	You couldn't ask for a better bed side manner. He took the time to listen and explain. Very friendly. I would highly recommend him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	Polite, friendly, very knowledgeable, and willing to take what time is needed to understand the patient and give a useful diagnosis.  He has a great bedside manner and above-average procedural skill.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
72	1	As someone with lifeling heart problems and has seen many doctors, Dr. K is one of the best. He is willing to go out of his way to assist patients, he is willing to help with lifestyle changes without judgement, and has some of the best bedside manner I've ever experienced. His interventions have totally changed my life.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
72	1	. One of the best doctors I have ever worked with, both professional as well as very caring he gets an A+ from me! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
73	-1	Avoid at all costs. Seriously, find someone else. This man's staff is the worst I've ever run into. His scheduler, Janet, is a complete disaster. After scheduling my appointment three months in advance (the best they could do) she called a couple days before the appointment to reschedule. When she was informed that the new time would not work, due to other obligations, she either 1) sat in silence on the phone or 2) told me I could reschedule a few months down the road. After asking her to explain how the process works, she got angry and made a last-minute attempt to sabotage the appointment by having someone else reschedule again one business hour before the appointment. Awful, awful woman.  Avoid this doctor until he hires competent staff. 	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	Dr Keister is the best!! He was very knowledgable and very caring about the people he cares for. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	Dr. Keister was my doctor 15 years ago and now treats my daughter.  He has fantastic bed side manners and is fantastic with children and adults.  He is very knowledgeable and caring.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
74	1	This doctor was very supportive and empathetic.  Also had good knowledge of medications.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
74	-1	Dr. Kermath did not make me feel as if my needs were a very important part of my visit with her. I asked several times to address issues that she dismissed as irrelavent. She talked more about herself than about the reason(s) for my visit. I would not be comfortable trusting y health care to this doctor. 		3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
75	1	Awesome Doctor, excellent bed-side manner, very knowledgeable, wonderful friendly person concerned with excellent patient care. Highly recommend this physician.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
76	1	He is the Neurologist my now 3 year daughter has seen since her diagnosis (M.G.).  She thinks of him as one of the family ~ we all do!  He is AMAZING!  He has a wonderful bedside manner and is SO GOOD with kids, not just the one that is sick.  He has taken to BOTH of my kids and TRULY cares about BOTH their well beings. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
77	-1	Dr. Kelly is the worst doctor I have ever seen in my life!  I had a phenmonia which he diagnosed as being severly obese and that is why I was sick instead of doing any test.  I went back 2 weeks later and got the real diagnosis.  He made rude comments and said I should cut my diet in half and work out extra hard, instead of asking about my back ground and didn't know what my diet and excersise consisted of.  He is a horrible man and has no sense of how to talk to a lady or diagnose properly.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
77	1	I would not be here today if it had not been for Dr. Kelly.  He is an excellent Physician - knowledgeable - helpful & Empathetic 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
77	1	My husband and I have seen Dr Kelly as children and felt so comfortable with him we now use him as our family physician.  He is always so helpful and calm with our young children and makes us feel comfortable asking him anything.  I have never felt rushed or ignored.  One thing I especially appreciate it the fact that he doesn't just prescribe a drug or the most agressive treatment right away he suggests trying the simple things first. I also like that he ultimately leaves the decision up to me without pressure.   I would recommend Dr Kelly to anyone! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
77	-1	Dr. Kelly is nice I guess, but he assumed that I was a stereotypical college girl student. Didn't appreciate that! He didn't fix my problem however he did attempt to. Didn't offer much solution to my problem.  		4	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	-1	Likes to hear himself talk, doesnt listen, my child still has ear issues.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	1	Dr. Karlen is the best! He has performed 4 PE tube surgeries, one tonsillectomy, and one adenoidectomy on my chlidren. Always very nice and patient, and willing to spend extra time with nervous parents. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	Excellent pediatric ENT he works very well with our HOH son.   We have been with him since our son was a baby 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
79	1	Dr K is nice and caring but sometimes a little hard to understand. If accents don't bother you, I'd highly recommend him. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	Dr. Kanten is the best doctor I've ever been to. Came in on his day off to sit with me and my husband in the ER when I miscarried. Spent extra time with us that day and followed up through the next few weeks. Was always available when I had questions. Very kind and compassionate. Highly recommended!! :) 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
82	-1	This doctor was unprofessional and rude. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
83	1	Dr. Kakacek is very personable and takes the time to discuss your medical needs. Her follow-up is great and I would recommend her to anyone looking for a good family doctor. 	5	5	5	2 	Insurance:Unknown
84	-1	This doctor was rude. Treated me like I wasn't a human.  Unhelpful, poor bedside manners, judgmental, hurried out. I waited a long time.  She does procedures without explaining them. Just Awful.  	5	1	1	1 	Insurance:HealthPartners
85	-1	. DO NOT USE Stephen Kiester for any surgeries!!  He does not take the time to explain surgeries, he jumps into the procedures and should NOT be performing any type of foot surgeries!!!  GET A SECOND OPINION!!  Go to a orthopedic doctor!!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:HealthPartners
85	1	He has been used by three generations in my family.  HIGHLY recommended.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
86	-1	Hes the most arrogant doctor I have ever met.  I would not recommend him to anyone.  He seems like hes to good and to busy for his patients and talks down to them.  Big mistake by seeing him.   GO ELSEWHERE FOR SURE! 	1	3	1	3 	Insurance:Workers Comp
86	1	One of the most friendly and cordial surgeons/doctors you will ever come across. I'm in the middle of two separate knee surgeries and I couldn't ask for anything better. My LCL/hamstring repair went swimmingly and I'm assuming nothing less for my ACL.  If you have a choice choose Kansara! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
86	1	Very good doctor and easy to talk to.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
87	-1	Dr. Kearney was very rude.  The staff at the check in desk misplaced my child's file causing us to wait 30 minutes before we got put into our room, then we waited another 20 minutes for the doctor to come in because the staff didn't tell her we were roomed, and then she accused me of being late.  I asked her a question about medication and she snapped at me stating that she was the hematologist and she would make the medication decisions not my child's cardiologist.  She didn't know which procedures were performed in the clinic, Children's hospital or the main hospital and I had to wait another 20 minutes for her to figure out where I was to go after I saw her.  I will NEVER take my child to this doctor again. 	2	1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
88	-1	never give the straight answer to your questions,specially if he is not sure, I would rather him tell me that he did a mistake 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
88	-1	Had exploritory surgery of the right maxillary, found a fistula and closed it off and made  me even sicker, he said it was my sinuses causing the problem and now im in a box and I cant get any body to help me any more. I lost more bone and my ears are ringing and I have tremors, and he was supposed to stop the bone loss. What I found out if  a infection drains into your sinuses your sinuses are to blame and it cant be your bones or teeth or any thing else. you get put in a box.  	5	4	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
88	1	a exellent doctor 	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	Dr. Kaplan is wonderful if you have any kind of gastrointestinal problems.  He is by far the best gastroenterologist in the Twin Cities.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
89	0	This man is not a good fit for younger patients. He is older (60s or 70s), and is very rude and condescending. I saw him for a serious GI issue, and he refused to give me test results unless I came back into the office - he was always booked up for months, though! He ended each visit with &quot;what do you want to do next&#63;&quot; Um, aren't YOU the doctor&#63; All in all, a really unpleasant experience to see him - I quickly found another doctor.  	5	3	1	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
89	1	He is a good doctor and very kind. I highly recommend him.  He is polite and I can call him on the phone and he returns my calls and he gives me meds that I need and in gentle in diffcult tests 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
89	-1	He is rude and arrogant.  He walked out of my appointment and gave me no information after an appointment he took over for another doctor.  He was angry, and offered no assistance.  I would never recommend him unless you want to be treated disrepectfully. He is older and the younger doctors were far more helpful.  	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
89	0	My husband saw Dr. Kaplan for his hiatal hernia/GERD. He wasn't crazy about him. The doctor reduced his daily medicine (even though he'd been on everything and knew exactly what worked.) He didn't suggest anything new and wasn't overly helpful. He just didn't seem very invested in the patient. We will see someone else for further tests and future treatment. 		3	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
90	1	She has been an amazing physician to work with and I'm so grateful for everything she has done for me.  Mayo Clinic in Rochester, MN is the number #1 GI Clinic in the Nation and she is one of the best GI docs in the nation as well.  She's very polite and honest and will work with you and all of your needs.  She stays very active in research with Crohn's patients and that is very helpful.  Highly, highly recommend. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	excellent doctor.  very caring ! I have recommended him to many friends and family members 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
92	1	Dr. Katz has been my internist for 30 yrs or so.I feel very lucky to have found him.  He's a great listener and makes you feel involved in the process. He also has a great sense of humor.  The staff is friendly and helpful. He also sticks with a problem and does not leave you feeling  abandoned.  I would recommend him to anyone if he was still taking patients.......I've heard he is full.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
93	1	the best doctor i know.....excellent 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
93	1	Wonderful bedside manner and very knowledgable 		2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
94	1	Extremely knowledgeable, caring, and professional. Fantastic surgeon. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
94	1	She was extremely knowledgelable regarding my condition and did a fantastic job on my surgery!! I feel great! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
94	-1	 	3	3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
95	1	I have been a patient of his for 11 yrs now. He is definetly one of the best.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
95	1	Dr. Kernik is the best dentist I've been to.  He and the rest of his staff are honest, friendly, and do a great job.  He doesn't recommend unnecessary procedures. He's always smiling and professional.  He really cares about his clients.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
96	-1	Lab tests were misinterpreted, resulting in the wrong diagnosis!  Do your child a favor and see a competent doctor, even if it means driving to the Cities. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
96	1	Dr. Keating is such an amazing Doctor! I wish she was my Doctor! She is extremely thorough and caring and excellent with children.  Her nurse is really helpful and knowledgeable as well. OUr child has eczema and food allergies, and she has been able to offer advice and treatment that really makes a difference. she also is incredibly understanding and patient with parents who grow frustrated with these ongoing problems.  I have called Dr. Keating and her nurse for follow-up information.  They are always timely and helpful.  I feel listened to and valued for the information I provide about my child. I get results and care that is top notch.  I highly recommend Dr.  Mary Keating and would encourage parents of children with allergies and eczema to meet with her! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
96	1	She is incredible. Dr. Keating really takes the time to listen to parents and is really intelligent.  She has wonderful care for her patients and treats you with respect.  By far one of the best MD's that I have ever encountered.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
97	1	. very nice and very capable and knowledgable 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
98	1	She has a sincere concern for your overall health. Listens to your problems and asks additional questions to get a good overall picture of your problem. She takes the necessary time to ensure your problems are addressed and you understand what you need to do or why she is recommending a specialist/further tests. She insisted I go directly to the hospital in April of 2007 when my lungs were full of fluid and did not let me leave the office without getting my heart checked (EKG & ultrasound). As it turned out, I had severe asthma with a lung infection and spent 4 days in the hospital getting it under control. I also had 4 surgeries last year by specialists recommended by her. She treated me for some other minor medical problems throughout the year. I am grateful for the medical tune-up she directed during what was one of the worst years of my life so far. Dr. Kelly was the one bright spot in a difficult year.  Sometimes, I even felt better by simply discussing my problems with her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
99	1	Dr. Kemberling is a caring, conscientious doctor.  After my surgery, his follow-up appointments have been informative. As a patient, I appreciate that he listens to my concerns and needs. I would recommend him for surgery. He has surpassed any of the expectations.  Thank you, Dr.  Kemberling! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
99	1	My husband just had robotic surgery  with this MD and he did an excellent job. He explained things well and was very supportive. He is a leader in his field and has done over 600 of these and teaches other MDs to do this. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
99	1	Dr. Kemberling was 15 minutes late in seeing me, but when he we talked I understood why.  He spent a lot of time with me, took the time to listen, and was very helpful and understanding.  I have seen several urologists in the past, understand my problem is not straight forward and was happy just to have someone to talk to.  We are going to try some different treatments (he likes to try to think out of the box).  Overall very pleased with this physician. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
99	1	This doctor found my problem. Gave me a plan on how to proceed. I followed the plan, and now 100% better. He is extremely understand, helpful and caring. I am a 35 year old man who had been injured in a car accident. No other doctor could find my problem. Their answer was pain meds. My general doctor referred me to him. The next week I was in his office. After two months of trying all other options first had surgery. One in a half weeks later. No problems, back on track to healthy recovery. If your in need of a urogolist this is right doctor to see. 100% satisfaction. Thank you Dr. Kemberling 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
99	1	Dr. Kemberling was punctual, knowledgeable and made me feel at ease.  I had seen him for a second opinion and together we made a plan of care.   Very pleased with his help and patience (I had a complicated problem) 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
99	1	I was Dr.Kemberling youngest client when worked in Duluth I was 16 and had a bad kidney he Saved my life. He was more than a doctor very kind and caring *Jamie 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
99	-1	EXTREMELY PAINFUL AND BAD EXPERIENCE. DID NOT LISTEN CAREFUL.  I WAS INJURED AT WORK.  HE DID NOT RELATE THAT TO WORKMANS COMP.   WOULD NOT RECOMMEND HIM. 	5	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
99	0	Made to wait past appointment time, staff hurried. Dr. doesn't listen to patient or remember what was said from one time to the next. Poor communication between Dr., staff and patient. Dr. doesn't inform patient of what to expect after a procedure. Dr. boasts that he is an expert in his field and has other urologists calling him for advice.  	2	2	2	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
100	1	We love Dr. Khoury! He's been our daughter's Dr. since birth. He's very smart, kind, and gentle. He takes time to explain things and is very knowledgeable. He also respects parents and their choices. We follow a modified vaccine schedule, and he's never made us feel like we're doing the wrong thing. Very nice doctor! He really cares about his patients.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
