dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	Dr. Maguire did my LASIK/PRK surgery. He answered all my questions in the pre-examination. I was also given a piece of paper at the beginning of the pre-op meeting (day before surgery) specifically to write down my questions that he answered when he came in.  Surgery was super fast the next day and he was very nice. I knew what to expect and it was all correct. Admin asst was a bit curt with me several times, but cordial. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
1	-1	He couldn't explain the surgery to me and just said that it was all in the pamphlet I received through the mail. However, I read the pamphlet three times and the questions I was asking were not in there. In addition, the pamphlet encouraged patients to ask their surgeons questions and even listed some that they should ask. He was short with me and very unhelpful. I would not feel comfortable getting any surgery from him. I'm sure he is a great surgeon, but I think he could have had better people skills. Maybe he is better with other patients but I was disappointed. 		4	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
2	-1	Dr. Manahan told me he didnt care if I lived or died because life hereafter is better than on earth. Ok-everyone has their own opinion. But its like the bottom falls out of your world when you have cancer and your Dr. tells you somthing like this. I would never recomend him to anyone. I have told every Dr. since what he told me.  If you want to be depressed--hes the one to see! 	5	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	-1	OMG, while he may know a lot about his specialty (I have no reason to question his skill), he has no manners with individuals.  After my dad's surgery, I tried to ask what kind of pain he might have (since he is not the kind of person to admit to pain), and he said, &quot;Why don't you ask him&#63;&quot; - not once but twice!  As if I wouldn't ask my dad how he felt&#63;!!  All I wanted to know is what type of pain is normal vs. what type of pain indicates a problem worth reporting.  A good neurosurgeon with experience should be able to identify what types of pain come with a particular surgery.  	5	3	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
3	-1	elusive,very poor post-op care.post-op care in the hospital the worst care i have ever received.left in severe pain in hospital while he was away on confrence by his incompetent support staff.8 hours post-op no pain control,pain pump was not working and support staff too incompetent to care or fix the problem.i would not reccomend.  	 5/12/11	2	3	2	Insurance:Medicare
4	1	Dr. Mcalpine was wonderful; his nurse has been extremely rude everytime I've been in.  	1	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
4	1	Dr. McAlpine takes the time to get to the bottom of whatever a patient is having trouble with. He's the best 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	Dr. McAlpine has been my doctor for years and is just totally awesome.  He seems to genuinely care and is generous with his time! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	Great doctor, kind and generous with his time.  The staff at his clinic all seem top-notch.  Highly recommended.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	Dr. McAlpine is the first doctor I feel I can trust.  He is so knowledgeable, as well as truly caring about my health care.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
4	1	Dr. McAlpine is extremely knowledgeable and his references have been top-notch.  He's a great family doctor! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	Friendly, knowledgable and willing to work with me to get things figured out. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	Takes time necessary to answer all concerns.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
6	1	PATIENT, KIND, NEVER MADE THE PATIENT FEEL RUSHED, ANSWERED ALL YOUR QUESTIONS, NOT ARROGANT 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	Dr. Marquis is an old-school doctor. The kind you want. He knows his stuff and won't waste your time or money with nonsense. He's as down to earth as it gets. I've been going to him off and on for years -- when I need a tune-up. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	Very thoughtful, very friendly. Listened to everthing I had to say. Did an excellent job. I will go back to him again. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	Talented surgeon and caring individual. Dr. Matson is a wonderful doctor and I would recommend him to anyone. He doesn't waste time and gets the job done.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	-1	Sat for over an hour in the waiting room only to be seen by him for literally 90 seconds and told to &quot;take some Motrin&quot; -- then shooed out of the office in a hurry. Didn't look at my records or ask me any questions about my symptoms.  Completely unhelpful 	2	1	1	3 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
8	1	Very skilled surgeon - not a big talker! Not afraid to refer if he feels a colleague might have more experience in a particular area.  Has done 4 knee procedures for me and I'd see him again if necessary! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	1	Dr. Matson is a great doc--really knows his stuff & explains what he's doing very well. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	Dr Malyon is a fine physician. Good listener. Concerned and helpful. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	-1	This doctor does not have compassion for those who are suffering. He doesnt take clear concise notes and mis-diagnosis because of it.  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	Dr. Malyon takes time to listen and is very thorough. He performed a full exam before drawing conclusions for an injury, then printed out several pages of information gave great advice for care. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	very kind, helpful and knowledgable. I have been a patient for many years and have always been treated well.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	1	Very kind and thorough doctor. Spends time listening to me and answers my questions.I have been going to her for years. A very good teacher.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
11	1	Wonderful pediatrician!  Very knowledgeable and accessible.  Natural/&quot;crunchy.&quot;  One of the few doctors we have trusted.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
12	1	I am a transplant to this great state of Minnesota, so I didnt know what to expect the first time I visited Dr. Marzella. I must say the staff and Dr. Marzella is so professional, they seemed concerned about me, they seemed to care and they showed great hospitality. My first dentist here was from the same office, but he relocated. He was a wonderful dentist as well, so I didnt know what to expect when I was transfered to Dr. Marzella but I can honestly say that I am not disappointed at all. I would recommend this doctor to family, friends, church members, co-workers and even to my enemies(if I have any). I am always treated well and I can not believe how every appointment they are on time or no later than 5 minutes late and that has happened only once in nearly 5 years. Dr. Marzella you are a blessing. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	0	Dr. Maley is very nice. However, he did so much over excessive work on my teeth they will forever be ruined.  	2	3	3	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	1	This man messed up my teeth so badly my new dentist has had to refill much of his work. My teeth will be forever super sensitive.  	2	4	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	-1	he caused me to end up in the hospital for 3 days with celuitius of the face . he pulled my tooth and snaped of the one next to it with his tool . and after all that . all of the work he did fell out . i have to have all the teeth he worked on pulled out .  worst dentest ever 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
13	1	Have been a patient of his for most of my life. I've had numerous dental issues and several root canals. Never understood all the horror stories about root canals as I've never had a painful one with him. Very knowledgeable and understanding. Excellent dentist. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	0	Too heavy handed.  Felt like he almost broke my back.  Was in terrible pain the next day with neuropathy pain shooting in my feet. Dr Mauzy doesn't keep medical records for each visit and never remembers my name even tho I've been to see him several time.  He always has to ask me if I'm a new patient. Very unprofessional. 	2	5	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	I have been seeing him for over 9 yrs now. He is my Dr. I see after I had gastric bypass surgery, which I have problems with anemia. Always great to talk to, saw my daughter also, and took the time to answer many questions evey visit. His nurses are great. So is the staff there. He also does oncology, but I see him for the blood disorders. If he didn't know something, he looked it up, and we discussed it further. Sometimes I would see him a few times a year. Now its just once a year for checkup. Great hemotoligist. Would not want to change Drs.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	Dr. Mague is the best doctor I've been to. I've been going to her for 4 years and she is wonderful. I rave about her to all my friends and family.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
16	-1	My exchange with this doctor was quite negative. She seemed to desperately want to diagnose me with all kinds of health problems that were completely outside the scope of what I went in for, and with no diagnostic evidence to support those claims. She also blatantly refused to treat one of the issues I sought help for. Frankly, it was bizarre. I will avoid this doctor in the future. 	5	5	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	Very personable with excellent bedside manner. Highly recommended. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	She is thoughtful, caring, and she listens. She admits when she needs to look into something and will follow up. She is very intelligent without the Dr. ego.  	5	4	5	4 	Insurance:HealthPartners
16	1	Dr. Mague is just an *outstanding* primary care physician.  She talks to you like a caring human being.  I've found her to be someone who outlines clearly your options and works with you as you make your choices.  Also she and her partners share information regularly in group meetings, which gives you the benefit of other perspectives. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	One of the best doctors I have ever had!  Very personable, bed-side manners beyond belief!  Makes you feel comfortable in any situation.  Very knowledgeable with your case and new treatment options.  Very compassionate about her profession.  She comes HIGHLY recommended! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	I've been looking for a new doctor since my longtime GP retired, and what a find Dr. Mague has been. She has the best bedside manner, a great listener and good demeanor. She doesn't have the god/doctor complex, so you feel that your thoughts, feelings and ideas are being considered. Very compassionate and will not force medication that could be considered overkill or unneccessary. The Isles clinic has a gem in Dr. Mague. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	An outstanding primary care physician. She has been my doctor for several visits, ranging from a concussion I suffered in a fall, to a chronic cough that required an MRI. In every case she has been thoughtful, careful and upbeat. How thoughtful&#63; When I went in for an MRI trying to diagnose a chronic cough, she stayed until 7pm on a the Friday of the 4th of July holiday, waiting for test results so she could call me and let me know my results were negative, so I didn't have to worry across the entire weekend. I've recommended her to three other friends for whom she is now their primary care physician. Great addition to the Allina Clinic - Isles staff. 	 2/26/07		5	5	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	Dr. Mague was very pleasant and compassionate. I look forward to having her as my physician for a long time. 		5	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
16	-1	I have found Dr. Mague to be relatively inexperienced and yet arrogant and unhelpful to the point that I finally needed to seek out another PCP to get access to basic medical services which she was unwilling to provide.  		2	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	After a long series of Doctors who always seemed as though they didn't have the time or patience to listen to my concerns, I have finally found a doctor who is both competent and compassionate.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
18	-1	Terrible, he never was willing to address any of my concerns basing that on pretense that whatever I was feeling would 'pass'.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unicare
18	1	Dr. McCarthy is wonderful.  Every question I have had he gives me research from both sides of the subject and then lets me decide as a parent.  With controversial subjects hegives you the facts, you decide on your own or he will give you his opinion as a Dr. if you ask for it.   I would refer him to everyone! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	Dr. Manneh is very caring and kind.  I feel very comfortable with her, and she always remembers and asks about my kids when I go in for my yearly appointments. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	I had a complicated pregnancy and Dr. Manneh was the first Dr that I saw that made me feel REALLY comfortable!  I loved that she was honest and she made me feel good about gaining weight.  : ) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
19	0	The only doctor who diagnosed me correctly. However, she put some very questionable stuff in my medical record. 		4	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	Great Doctor. Very helpful and understanding.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	Very good doctor. Yes you will have to wait, but that is because when he is with you, you are all he cares about. You don't get rushed through visits or appointments. He is arrogant, but always proved to be correct.  After trying another doctor for 2-3 years without luck, my wife and I were pregnant the first month after a surgery. Very impressed and happy to have a baby boy. Must try if you are need help. 	5	1	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	Love Dr. Marcus! I have been a patient for 13 years and will be so sad when he retires. He fixed me after my first child and delivered my second with flying colors. He's honest, real, down to earth, very skilled and will tell you how it is. He's amazing! I am about to have a hysterectomy and I would be nervous if anyone else performed it, I know I am in good hands. If you want the best ob doctor, he's it! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	I had toxema with my first child and Dr. Marcus did everything to keep the situation under control. Sure he runs late, talks himself up, but he is THE BEST at what he does! I just switched from Oakdale OBGYN back to Marcus (insurance reasons for not starting with him) and he remembered me right away. I am set to deliver my second baby and he put me at ease with the first appointment! I am going to be very sad when he retires... hopefully he will wait a few years so I can have my other baby with him!! 	5	1	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	I am 51 - have seen Dr. Marcus since I was 18 years old.  Hope he never retires, would see no one else.  He has earned my loyalty and trust with excellent and honest care.  You bet I'll wait, because he's spending time with me while someone else is waiting if that is what is necessary. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	-1	I have gone to this doctor for the past 2 1/2 yrs. and I have actually talked to a total of two times. Anytime we did an infertility treatment the nurses would do them, then if I had questions for the dr. Marcus, I would tell the nurse adn she would relay the message thenm Dr. Marcus would get back to the nurse and she back to me. It was ridiculous! I felt like I was a chart to Dr. Marcus and never a patient. Finally when my husband and I said we want to speak with Dr. Marcus himself to find out whats going on, the office said it would be a few months before we could get an appointment.  Are you kidding&#63;&#63; Don't waste your time! Go to someone who will treat you like a patient instead of a chart! 	3	1	1	2 	Insurance:CIGNA
21	1	Dr. Marcus is the BEST! I have had Endometriosis since I was 24 and he is so knowledgable about how and what is the best way to deal with it. He is very open and straight to the point about my health and I admire that.  He is honest, sincere and truly cares about women's health. We have decided that my next best option to heal my endo is to have a vaginal hysterectomy and I know with him as my surgeon I feel confident that I will finally be &quot;RID&quot; of this pain, horrible cramps and feel wonderful again!! Thanks Dr.  Marcus 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
21	-1	Don't see Dr. Marcus.   He is forgetful and unorganized.  He gets confused about my chart every time I see him.  He has prescribed medications to which I am allergic.  Average wait time has been 1.5 hours - up to 3. 	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
21	0	I'm sure he is very intelligent but I would never go back to him.  Although he detected my infertility issues (10 years ago)he was cold and showed no compassion.  In all fairness maybe time has soften or humbled him.  But his bad bedside manner has stuck with me to this day.  	4	1	1	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	I recommend him to everyone.  He delivered my 3rd child who was born with Down syndrome via cesarean- he was exactly what I needed in the pregnancy- confident and capable.  Currently I am waiting for my hysterectomy which he will be performing- I would only trust this doctor to help me- he has earned my trust and loyalty. I could share several positive stories- I have been with him for 5 years.  	5	1	4	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
21	1	Dr. Marcus is the BEST!  I share his expertise and knowledge with others and recommend him if asked.  I wait for Dr. Marcus but the waiting is well-worth the time.  I plan my appointment accordingly knowing I will have some waiting time.  He takes time to answer my questions and he provides information I find most helpful.  I see Dr. Marcus for my annual exams and I have been seeing Dr. Marcus for 12 years now.  Dr. Marcus takes and makes the time you need during your visit with him. I respect his style and each year I look forward to my annual visit.  I have no intentions ever of changing to another gyno.  I am pleased and most satisfied with the time and care and information Dr. Marcus provides me with.  I don't feel rushed during my exam and the time he spends with me in the exam room. I share with my partner my time with Dr. Marcus and he too is impressed with the care and attention Dr. Marcus provides.  Someday I hope the two can meet.   I have the best gyno in the Twin Cities! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	Love Dr. Marcus! Yes, you will wait, but when it is your turn he spends as much time as necessary with you.  He has done all my surgeries for my endometrosis and you can barely see my scars.  He helped me the birth of my baby girl and was there for the delivery.  I trust him completely. I hope Dr. Marcus is there for my daughter when she starts needing a gyno.  	4	1	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	-1	This doctor is very proud of himself.  A LITTLE TO MUCH!  Our first visit, he called himself, the next best thing to God.  He did help us with our fertility problem, but always kept us waiting for hours.  Didnt like that I had post-partum and because he didnt like my husband, he terminated our care.  Would NEVER reccommend him our his clinic to anyone that I like. 	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	He helped us consieve our daughter five years ago.  He did not deliver the baby. Left the responsibility to Dr. Amy Brown.  I was 43 weeks pregnant and was misserable!  I delivered a healthy 8 pound baby girl.  After a month, I suffered poat-partum depression and was hospitalized.  He wasnt concerned and seemed had little knowledge about the illness. He seemed to feel threatened by it!  He was having a hard time dealing it and said in my medical records, he didnt want to see us again.  I guess he wanted everything perfect as he thought he was!  This doctor does not have feelings for his patients and I would never recommend him to anyone.  	2	1	2	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	Dr. Marcus is Wonderful! though he is always running behind. he is well worth the wait. he delivered my daughter via c-section and my incision was perfect, he even matched up my stretch marks! the only complaint i have about his office is the one nurse, Joan Gosen CNP she was terrible she tried to make desisions that only the doctor should make. thankfully Dr. marcus stays on top of his patients and caught her mistakes. I stongly reccomend Dr. marcus to anyone who wants things done right, the first time. He is currently seeing me for my second Child as well.  	4	2	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
21	1	very knowledgable. Was able to correctly diagnose our infertility issues within a few minutes of our fist visit. So, after years of frustration with others, we became proud parents of a sweet girl within 10 months of our first appointment with him.  	4	2	5	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	-1	Dont waste your time with this Dr.!  After waiting months to see him.  He said he felt something &quot;growing in me&quot; during the exam. (which was negative) also told me he thought I had endometriosis (which I don't). Never called me after the appt. to this day (2 months later) Left message after message for weeks. A nurse finally told me to go to a specialist.  Went and everything was normal.  I left the office with a lot of questions worry and a bill.  If you have all the time in the world and don't want to communicate with your doc, see Dr. Marcus.  	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	0	After helping my husband and I with our infertility issues for two years, we were down to weeks before a procedure and Dr. Marcus said he could not help us anymore because I was too overweight. I felt that he should have said something during the past 2 years with the other treatments we had been through instead of letting us ride the emotional rollercoaster for all that time thinking things would work out and then crushing our hopes for a baby. His staff was always very pleasant and I feel he is knowledgable in his field I just wish our situation would have been handled differently, perhaps with more compassion and up front. 	4	2	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	Dr. Marcus is awesome, very knowledgeable, very friendly and I never mind the wait because he is worth it! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	Absolutely AWESOME doctor. And he will tell you this!! He's the best. Delivered both my children and he made it the best experience ever. Love his humor and he has a right to talk about himself ...  he's earned it! 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	Dr. Marcus is very narcissistic, but he has the skill and knowledge to back it up. He helped me through a very difficult pregnancy, from conception to premature birth. He could not have been more skilled and on top of my case; he even went as far as calling the nurses station several times to check on me when I was admitted for antipartum. We strongly recommend Dr. Marcus to anyone who may have pregnancy complications. The only downside is that he is chronically running behind for appointments. The reason for this is that he insists on spending whatever time is needed with his patients during appointments. So, even though you can plan to wait a while, you should know he will give you his time when your turn comes around (even though he will probably spend a good portion of it talking about himself!). 		2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	Excellent gyn especially for women with endometriosis. Extremely knowledgeable and spends 30 min. with you at each appointment. Never seems in a hurry to get you done. Also excellent surgeon. He performed a laparoscopic hysterectomy on me over 12 years ago.  No problems whatsoever and no scars! 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	1	Dr.Mahan is a very kind and helpful doctor...she always has a big smile in her face which really energizes me...Her staffs are all very gud..she helped me thru my C-Sec ...i strongly recommend her..  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
22	1	Dr. Mahan has been my doctor for about 10 years, and delivered both of my children via c-section. She is very personable, and I never feel rushed in during any appt. with her. She's the best! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	Jackie has delivered 5 of my 6 children.  She is an excellent doctor and takes time to GET TO KNOW YOU :).  I recommend her highly.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
22	1	She is patient and kind and always knew me, my history, and my family.  I had a successful VBAC with her in 2007.  She is an amazing OB and I highly recommend her! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	Dr Mahan is absolutely wonderful...very knowledgable, compassionate and really takes time to get to know you. Jackie makes you feel comfortable and relaxed. She helped us through 2 high risk pregnancies and always asks about my children and husband.Jackie also been very supportive throughout my gynecological problems.I would definately refer Dr. Mahan to everybody. Her staff is also just great (Bonnie and Kim - thanks!!!) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	Dr. Mahan is the best. She saw me through both of my pregnancies - Highly Recommended. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	Simply the Best. She took care of our pregnancy, which turned out to be high risk in the most professional, compasionate and personable way despite her busy schedule and even started her schedule earlier to accomodate us during our regular checkups when her schedule otherwise was booked. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	-1	I feel like I was coerced by this doctor. He wanted me to say things that were untrue and twisted my words.  He did not want to know about any situational or environmental history. Also, he kept verbally cutting me off in mid sentence of what I was saying. He was also weirdly touchy with me. His fingers would linger on my body more than I though was appropriate.  	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Tricare
24	1	Dr. Macy has been a God send ot myself. At my lowest moment this doctor even tho he was not taking patients made room for me. I have always felt at ease with him and he never makes me feel that he is rushing to see the next patient. Dr. Macy listens and speaks in words that are understandable. I always feel I am well looked after in his care. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	I've always found the doctors and staff at the Apple Valley Medical Center to be well above average.  I was in a bad situation and needed to see a doctor, didn't want to spend hours in an ER since it wasn't life or death.  Went to the clinic late, well after 6:00pm and they fit me in, I was able to see Dr. Maas and found him to be not only helpful, but very friendly as well.  I've had good experiences with Dr. Benson as well, would recommend both of them to anyone.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
25	-1	Dr. Maas was arrogant and rushed. Didn't seem to care about my health or concerns. Just seemed to want to jump to the next person and write me a worthless prescription.  I am not happy with the health care industry and doctors like this don't help! 	2	2	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	1	He has helped our family for years with sports injuries, and even my new baby with colic and acid reflux!  He is always knowledgeable with curernt and is proactive with his patients about preventative care and knowing your body. He is professional and explains things in a simple and easy to understand manner.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
27	1	Dr. Magnuson has been my doctor for a number of years and has always been helpful.  He is practical and realistic and strives to learn about his patients that help him key in on what the symptoms may indicate.  When I need a specialist, I seek them out - - but Dr. Mike is the classic family physician.  	4	5	5	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	1	Dr.Magnuson is a great listener. If he doesn't know something, he will take the time to find out and follow up. I love how he makes handwritten notes on examination reports and even gives grades.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	-1	Did not like being treated for bursitis when I had infected hip. Did not like having leg .5&quot; shorter when done. Did not like follow up care. 	4	4	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
30	-1	I found out later that he lied to me about my test results. He said they were &quot;normal&quot; but they were only normal if I was 3ft 4in!  Im 5ft 6in!  Then he went on to say that he would help me with a medication that would help and he wrote for over the counter mucinex, I cant afford that stuff!  He just rushes you out of your appointment.  Dont dare cry when you are with him. He wont think you are sick he will say your anxious and depressed.  I now feel I cant trust doctors because of him.  	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unicare
31	1	Dr. Madison is a NeuroInterventional Radiologist who specializes in treating brain aneurysms and patients having strokes and he saved the life of my father.  He made us feel like we were part of his family! God Bless your work Dr.  Madison! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	1	Thanks for being a good doctor, as i know you are   being a McCaughtry and full of compassion   SSG Dan McCaughtry   US Army    Tripler Army Medical Center   253-459-5014 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	0	 	5	4	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
33	-1	He took advantage of my situation.  I went in for Bio-Identicals and he put me on supplements that nearly landed me in the ER from severe pain.  He was bothered that I called back with additional questions.  He then dumped me and cancelled my refills leaving me &quot;dead in the water.&quot; 	4	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	I have PCOS and was recently referred to Dr Mattson. She's extremely knowledgeable and definitely makes you feel like you're her only patient during your office visit. My only complaint is that I wait 1-1 1/2 hrs to see her every time I have an appt.  	5	1	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	1	Dr Mattson is a highly educated doctor who focuses on the patient at hand. She takes the time to really treat each patient; not focusing on how many other patients may be there to see her. I have been a patient of hers for twelve years and have followed her to four separate offices regardless of the distance from my home. She is honest and forthright on diagnosis and treatment. Her technique is the most gentle I've experienced in the field of OB. I feel comfortable speaking to her about all aspects of my health and know that she is willing to listen and offer advice. Her nurse is incredibly nice and always bright and cheerful.  My only complaint would be the wait times to see her. Occasionally when I have an appointment, I arrive to see that she is two hours behind - due to deliveries or emergencies. While I understand those situations are out of her control, and do not happen daily; their staff should find a better way of handling these situations and offer very little compassion.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
34	1	Dr. Mattson was wonderful.  I finally found a doctor willing to take the time to review everything, thoroughly examine and properly diagnose me.  It was nice to find a doctor that would take me seriously and help me.  She also wants me to follow up with her after treatment.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	1	When you have an appt' she treats you like your a family member being treated. She is invested, takes alot of time to answer all your questions, she in personal but professional. She is always up to date on the lastest medical care. I cant say enough about her.  I followed her to 3 pratices over the 10 years-she is that good!!!! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
35	-1	Dr. Mangham is very good at ordering tests. She is also very good at leaving you hanging. If test results are abnormal she may not call you or even ask you to schedule an appointment through a nurse. She only works two days a week so it is very hard to get in touch with her. I found her knowledge lacking in that she would easily say &quot;I don't know&quot; and then suggest nothing.  	 9/7/05		1	2	Insurance:HealthPartners
36	1	Most caring doctor I've ever had,been seeing him for years.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
36	1	Dr. Marier is the most wonderful doctor I've had in a long time. I am very confident with the care I receive at his hands. He always takes that extra minute to make sure you're doing well befor you head out the door. He agrees, &quot;The only Dumb Question is The Unasked Question&quot;, He's willing to answer them!! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	Sincerely cares about his patients and their best interest. You don't feel like a number. He is an excellent doctor and excells at what he does.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
37	-1	 	5	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
37	-1	Dr. Mahjouri did what he wanted to do not what I wanted done. When he was finished and found that it had not worked he then offered to do what I had originally  asked for. However now I can't afford to have more surgery and I never would again with him. 	5	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	Dr Mahmood listens to all of my symptom descriptions and answers all of my questions thoroughly.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
39	1	I live in the Rochester area and I am in my third pregnancy.  Dr. Marnach was my primary OB doc for my first baby, and I had her for some visits during my second pregnancy.  She is my primary again this time around.  She is very down-to-earth and helpful and is now the chair of the department.  Plus, being a mother herself, she can relate.  I highly recommend her, though she is hard to get appointments with since she is so busy these days! 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	EXCELLENT DOCTOR! Very down to earth and personable. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	Dr. Marushin is extremely caring and knowledgeable.  She makes sure I understand test results and diagnoses and always has time to answer my questions.  Because of her thoroughness, I suspect she is often running a little behind, but once it's your turn, you know you'll have her full attention for as long as you need it.  	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
41	1	I saw another OB in office but she was on call and delivered my son. Very professional, caring, & kind.  I will say that I do work in the medical field and have seen her interact with many patients. She does tell it like it is, very down to earth. 	5	3	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
41	-1	Complete snob. She'll make her decision and if you dare question it, you'll suffer the consecuences. More over, she's uterly unprofessional, kindergarden kids have a clearer notion of their role. In particular she showed a complete inability to deal with, and help us deal with, unexpected circumstances during our birth. Don't have a birth with her unless you want to take orders and have your belly split into pieces.  	5	4	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
41	-1	&quot;forgot&quot; appointment; didn't seem to know what she was doing; didn't disclose possible effects of chlomid; didn't do any tests to check effects of chlomid; didn't do any fertililty tests; first insemination caused three days of bleeding; clinic didn't disclose full costs of procedures; Health Partners covered some of the procedures for more than a year,then reneged on payments and sent six months of bills back to clinic to collect from patient at once. There are better places to go for infertility that cost nearly 80 percent less than this doctors clinic associated with the U of M physicians and Fairview Hosp.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:HealthPartners
41	1	She was very knowledgeable about my hysterectomy; insisted I come back with a list of questions before consenting to the surgery as I was a new patient. She was pretty sure of what she was going to find during the surgery and she was right. Her follow-up was excellent and I see her for my yearly check-up -- would recommend her to everyone! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
41	-1	Ignored me when I told her my symptoms were severe, and made obvious mistakes that had serious negative consequenses for my body. After which, she told me that she doesn't feel guilty, because she is 'a human being and human beings make mistakes'. She may brag to her patients about her medical school degree, but in my opinion she is unfit to be a doctor. 		2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	Dr.Martin is one of a kind. He has been treating me biweekly for 2 years. He takes the time to LISTEN, he CARES, He does everything he can to improve your condition and quality of life. He will refer you for testing &amp; without hesitation because he wants what is BEST for YOU. He is KNOWS his stuff!! I have had several different pain management/ OD physicians in several states throughout the USA and HE is the BEST and so is his STAFF. They LISTEN and get the info to him pronto. I am NOT a number to him. If he has to refer you out of town, he will refer you to who he feels will take the best care of you as well. NOW that's more than I can say for any kind of doctor I have EVER had. I only wish he was my doctor for everything!! Dr. Martin gives me HOPE that one day I will have stability with all of my pain issues. He is a great man backed by a great staff.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
42	1	This Doctor is one of the few left who genuinly cares for his patients. I had him for several years for pain in my lower back. He did everything possible and actually felt bad when treatments that we tried did not work. I HIGHLY recommend him for any problems and trust him TOTALLY. He tells his patients the truth and refers them to someone else ONLY after he has done EVERYTHING he possibly can.  He REALLY cares for his patients! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	1	I have been seeing Dr. Martin for several years. She is an excellent physician. She really listens and is very knowledgeable.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	1	Listens to the patient, helpful, and flexible. One of the best primary doctors I have had.  	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	1	Very personable.  Takes the time to listen and provides a very clear explanation.  He is a doctor that really knows what he is talking about, and he really seems to care about the  people he is treating. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	-1	 	1	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	This doctor was excellent, he spent alot of time with me and I haven't had an asthma attack since.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	1	Amazing doctor!! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	The best.  He is very caring, professional and has a very good understanding of his medical practice.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
47	-1	Dr. Maurer is probably a typical physiatrist, they don't really want to treat your pain with medication.  She is a friendly enough doctor with good bedside manner but when it comes to actually treating pain, it's not going to happen.  I was given a medication that literally made me very ill, when I called her office I got a call back 5 days later stating that I should stop taking the meds.  She refused to prescribe anything else and said I was on my own.  It wasn't so much the lack of meds as it was the lack of care after I left her office.  I would not recommend this physiatrist to anyone.  	 9/27/11	3	4	1	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
48	1	This doctor is a godsend.  After seeing the other famous Fertility urologist in the twin cities and being left hopeless we decided to go to dr makhlouf for one last try.  He is AMAZING!!  I love this man is kind, professional, Knowledgeable and compassionate.   He is the reason why we are parents now :) 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
48	1	I can't say enough wonderful things about Dr. Makhlouf!  He was wonderful!!  Very compassionate, down to earth, he was always willing to explain what was going on and what his advice was and answer SO many questions.  He is the reason why we're now expecting, when other urologists were very pessimistic he was the only one who gave us hope and was very realistic at the same time.  Best urologist in twin cities! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	I saw Dr. Maklouf for vasectomy reversal after a failed vas reversal performed by another local Doctor. Our primary goal was sperm extraction for IVF, but when I insisted on being completely &quot;out&quot; for the procedure, we decided to go for another reversal + extraction.  Dr. Makhlouf is clearly an expert in his field, and completely open to discussing (and performing) different treatment options.  My wife and I recently had a baby through IVF treatment, and now also have a sperm count. I would highly recommend Dr. Makhlouf to anyone with male reproductive issues. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	Dr. Makhlouf was an excellent choice for my vasectomy.  I chose him because, on his bio page, one of his listed interests is vasectomy reversals.  My theory is that, if a guy is good at reversing vasectomies...he must good at doing them.  He prescribed some pain medicine, however none was needed. I had absolutely NO swelling or soreness after the surgery.  Dr. Makhlouf was an excellent conversationalist during the surgery. I found him very knowledgeable, confident and personable. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	-1	Appointments felt rushed. Almost impossible to get answers to follow up questions on treatments or medications 	3	4	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	All I can say is he helped me when another doctor just opted out.  He is smart BUT allows you to ask questions (Even about dumb internet rubbish) and will explain things.  He did not make me feel like a dumb child or a lab rat.  I had choices.  Very important.  I've had so many other doctors that only want you to listen so it was refreshing to have an adult conversation about my care.  His staff is delightful and very professional.  I was terrified talking about my plumbing problems and his Nurse (and he of course) had a very good bedside manner that lowered the drama level.  They also understood a guy not wanting to be &quot;exposed&quot; and took care to limit that when possible.  He had some Medical Students who came to check me out but they always asked if this was ok.  I give him high marks and would suggest him to others.  My issues were Hypogonadism, Orchialgia, Testicular Atrophy.  	5	5	5	4 	Insurance:HealthPartners
48	1	I don't know what the first rating was all about but my wife and I had been trying to have a baby for 3 years and it wasn't until I saw Antoine a year ago that my wife and I got pregnant this past fall.  He's an exceptional specialist who takes the time to both examine the patient and talk to the patient.  He's also a very compassionate human being who has witnessed the stress of infertility firsthand  via a family member.  He's the best doctor I've ever gone too.  Please disregard the first comment.  It's exttremely hard emotionally when a couple is suffering from infertility and you want to blame the world.  I know I was there and I still volunteer within the infertility community (Also in an advocacy capacity).  Antoine is extremely involved within the community and one person's pain and emotional anguish shouldn't be takeen at face value.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	-1	Together with his predecessor Jon Pryor I got nowhere with my infertility situation and now my wife and I are childless for the long haul.  Good luck explaining to your grand children what happened to the planet.  We'll be toasting to a nice drink at that point.  This doctor looked at a chart possibly once or twice and told us he'd get back to us and never did.  Ignores emails to him to the present day.  Many tests were done to me and is still a prognosis of idiopathic infertility.  With good people becoming infertile and the ones that shake a baby to death and make the news once arrested its easy to see that evil is winning the populating battle out there.  Good luck to all the patients entering a doctors office nowadays.  Might better have spent your money never getting involved in urology departments like ours here in Minnesota.  Spend it having fun and not ever going to doctors.  Roll the dice like our ancestors did exploring the new world.   Rely on the Lord and the time he'll give 	2	1	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	1	I think he is very sharp. He answers questions and is willing to listen if you have problems or concerns. A little &quot;stiff&quot; but he is after all a Surgeon ;-) He also teaches Urology at the U of M. Anyone needing the best should consider him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
49	1	Dr. Mack is hands down one of the best doctors I have ever been to in my entire life.  He TRULY cares about you as a patient.  His bedside manner is the best I have ever seen in a doctor.  He treats you as someone who has put themselves in his hands, and you can tell he takes that very seriously.  Dr.  Mack you're the best!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
49	1	At initial visit I was first impressed with his interaction with a previous patient in the waiting room. He had escorted the patient back to the waiting area. He came personally to the waiting area to fetch me. I was escorted to his office rather than a cold examining room. He had allowed 1 hour for the visit and I did not feel rushed or have me questions dismissed at any time. Having seen other neurologists for the same problem, I felt he took me seriously and actually became a partner in my care. Having nothing but good things to say about him.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
50	0	A very very busy teaching hospital. On two different visits felt like he had no time for me. I also felt belittled when Dr. made what I felt was a belittling comment about my condition to intern.  	 4/30/09	2	1	1	Insurance:HealthPartners
51	1	Dr. Magnuson was PHENOMENAL with my 3 year old!!! She took time explaining everything she was going to do, let my daughter touch the tools, didn't lose her patience when my daughter would get really scared and difficult to work with, made Ava's first dental experience as comfortable as possible... I *HIGHLY* recommend her to anyone in the Twin Cities area. and a real bonus, they take ANY insurance and also offer free service for children if you have low income OR are in need of emergency care for your child.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
52	1	Dr. Maurice has been my primary doctor through two pregnancies and various gynecological issues.  He has been the most wonderful doctor.  He is very personable, respectful, has a wonderful nurse and is very knowledgeable.  I trust him completely.  I wish he could be my regular doctor for everything :) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
52	1	Dr. Maurice is fantastic!! After years of seeing a General Practice doc. for my fem. exams I made an appointment with Dr. Maurice. My mens. cycles were terrible, he recomended an ablasion, which he did. Best health choice I ever made, next to quitting smoking! He is very personable and knowledgable, speaks with authority without 'talking down' to me--LOVE THAT!! Also, his nurse has the most wonderful professional manner! It's like visiting with a big sister who takes care of all the details.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
52	1	Dr. Maurice is extremely punctual and best of all, knowledgeable. He assited me with Clomid use and now through a blighted ovum. He is extremely professional, yet suuportive enough to personally call with lab results. Thank you Dr.  Maurice! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
52	1	Been seeing Dr. Maurice for 2 years, our experiece started when I experience a miscarriage. He & staff were very supportive. Saw me through fertility meds, had a viable pregnancy because of it, now have my son (5 months old) and almost thought of naming my son after him. He is one of the best doctos I have ever seen. So passionate and caring about his work.  I wish he could be my regular doctor also!! We need more like you Mike! Thanks for all you have done for me and my husband, and now our son :) 		5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
53	1	Dr. Martindale is great! He's very caring, and I never feel rushed when I'm there.  He takes his time explaining things to you and assures you that everything will be okay. He answers all of your questions and really treats you like you're important.  I would highly recommend him.  He's a great doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	1	I find this doctor to be helpful, courteous, and friendly. Listens to your comments and/or complaints. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	Listens carefully. Is friendly.  Is thorough.  Seems knowledgable - but how can a patient evaluate&#63; 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
55	-1	He diagnosed me with Lyme disease, which had gone misdiagnosed for 10 years. Igenex labs found it. In his dictation, he said that I was an internet surfer and would do 28 days IV Rocephan, just to pacify me so I can get on with my life. 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
55	-1	Dr. Mateo did a poor job of following up on test results. I found out I had a serious skin condition, yet I had to see another specialist to get the help I needed. 		5	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
56	-1	Very unhelpful, she didn't seem to care and looked at me as if I was ridiculous for coming in (My symptoms started suddenly and have lasted months..). She said there was nothing she could do for me, but I'm getting better with alternative medicine! I would not recommend her to anyone, I almost started crying in her office, she is the worst doctor I've seen.  	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:HealthPartners
56	1	She's the best, very caring person who listens and will do what it takes to figure out what the problem is.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
57	1	Awesome doctor. Highly recommend. Nice clean offices. Friendly and knowledgable staff. All around a great experience. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	Great ob/gyn. Explained everything, would stay to answer all questions for you to ensure you understood fully your options and what was going on. Very skilled surgeon as well. Very laid back personality. Does whats best for the patient.  	 3/4/09	4	4	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	1	Malone is the best ped ENT in the Twin Cities. I highly recommend her. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
59	1	Outstanding doctor with a great ability to relate to kids. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
59	1	 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	I've been taking my son to Dr. Maxwell for about 4 years, we love him! He is never on time but that's only because he takes his time during the visit and cares about getting to know his patients. He's very responsive and understanding and caring. I love the way he uses the computer in the room to show examples of things to watch for like a video of a child with whooping cough to show the sound of the cough or a picture of what prolonged bottle feeding does to a child's teeth.  He's excellent! 	4	1	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
61	1	Very punctual and helpful.  Seen before my scheduled appt time 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
61	-1	 	4	3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	Dr Marystone, has helped me so much, she cares and wants to know her patients, she has been the best doctor I have ever had, and I will miss her 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
63	-1	My 11 year old daughter had been experiencing severe headaches with back pain for over a year. Her pediatrician recommended seeing a orthopedist and neurologist. She waited four months for the appointment in hopes that she would finally get relief. First the orthopedist made us wait two hours. His exam was flawed and very brief. He didn't care what my daughter had to say about her pain. He dismissed her and said there was nothing wrong. He couldn't give us an explanation of why she was in so much pain! She had a follow up appointment later in the day with Dr. Mack, waiting 1.5 hrs to see him. He came into the room and announced that he had spoken to the dr that she had seen earlier in the day and they decided that there was nothing wrong with her. Just like that without even examining her or being open to other tests. He did say that if she was in that much pain he could give her amitripyline! We went for a 2nd opinion and her condition was greatly improved by physical therapy. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	Dr Madan was very thorough and patient when I saw her.  I've had bad luck with eye doctors in the past, but Dr Madan and I clicked right away.  She's very knowledgeable and really makes you feel at ease. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	Excellent physician. My kids actually don't mind going to him. My son was diagnosed with some type of nasty bump on his head that looked really nasty by some other doctor who told me to wash his hair several times a day and blow dry it (was told ringworm) and when I went to see Magnusson he gave my son about 8 weeks of medication and the bumps went away, definetly made it a lot less difficult on me and they haven't returned since. He is excellent and I will continue to have my children go to him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	-1	Mann was the worst &quot;doctor&quot; I have seen in my life. Took NO time to listen to me; didnt care about anything. I have heard such horrible things about him and now I have experienced that. He is a horrible doctor that should not have a license to practice medicine.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Workers Comp
66	1	Seems to rely know his stuff.  He took the time to listen to me, but he also took care of business.  I left his office feeling confident that he had and will help me.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	1	Dr. Mann is caring and very knowledgeable.  He took the time to truly listen to me.  I'd recomend him to anyone.  He is an excellent doctor! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	I have been seeing Dr. Manlove since I was 6 years old and he is the best! He is empathic, quick and you get results.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
68	0	Dr. Maynard is very black and white in his delivery of information to families. I felt like he was very educated, but was not very sincere when delivering terrible news.  	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	1	She was a great doctor.  Very helpful friendly and really seemed to care.  I felt so much better when I left.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
70	1	He is an amazing doctor and I highly recommend him! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
71	1	Dr. Mark keeps up to date on the latest peer reviewed research and brings a wealth of experience and knowledge when assessing my health and treatment options.  She is by far the best doctor I've worked with and I appreciate her comprehensive care and ease discussing my care in depth. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
71	1	My entire family sees Dr. Mark.  My Partner, children and Mother.  We have always gotten the best care.  Dr. Mark answers emails very quickly.  She is knowledgeable, friendly, easy going and informative.  Almost like you're not at the doctor at all.  The best doctor experiences I've had.   If anything, I'm disappointed she's not FT! :D 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
71	1	Dr. Mark has been my primary care doctor for about 6  years. I suffer from several chronic conditions and she has really been a champion for me, including fighting insurers.  	5	4	5	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
71	1	I have never felt so comfortable and trusting of a physicial as I have felt of Dr. Mark. She is friendly, knowledgable, and genuine. She is also very knowledgable and welcoming of GLBT issues and families. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
71	1	I moved to the Twin Cities two years ago and was referred Dr. Mark by a friend who spoke very highly of her. I am a female in my early 30s and this was honestly the best experience I have ever had regarding my &quot;annual&quot; exam. When fielding my questions on oral contraceptives, she offered both &quot;technical&quot; feedback and personal opinion and explanation. She was also very good at explaining every thing she was doing and why. Also, very friendly...offered suggestions & advice, which did not come off as lectures or judgements (which has been my experience on occasion in the past).  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
71	1	Dr. Mark sees three generations of my family, from me, my daughter and my grandson. She knows our family and that has helped her intervene when treatment is needed. My daughter trusts her. None of us has had a major illness that needed hospitalization, but we have been seeing her for five years and always like the interactions. 		4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	Excellent Doctor.  She was very thorough and knowledgeable.  I would recommend her to anybody. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	Dr. Ernie Martin is very nice, courteous and takes time to talk to you.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
74	1	Dr. Malo and his nurses are great.  They are very agressive and it worked! I have seen two other docs over the last 6 years and did not get pregnant! Dr. Malo and his nurses got me pregoo on the first cycle! He is a very nice man and his nurses are also very nice.  Someone is always there to answer your questions and calls back in a timely manner if you have to leave a message! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
74	1	Hubby and I have been dealing with infertility issues for over 9 years.  Friends suggested him and on our 2nd cycle of IUI. Dr. Malo and team made of dreams come true.  I wish we would have tried you first.  The team listens, has a nurse line available for questions, is very caring and personable, and compassionate.  They are update to date on technology and services, and take a little more agressive approach.   We are so blessed!  Thank you! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
75	1	Dr. Marker is one of my husbands Dr's. My husband has Spina Bifida and everytime we see him it is such a posative experiance! We could not ask for a better Dr. and staff!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
75	1	Dr. Marker was my physician for several years and is extremely caring.  He has an excellent bedside manner and is a wonderful Dr! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
75	1	The service Dr Marker and his staff provides is excellent. He is a doctor with an exuberant amount of knowledge about Spina Bifida and side effects. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
76	1	Don't know if he is still in Hutchinson, but was the best Doc our family had. Paid close attention to parental intuition, which for a short time, saved our son's life. Had to give us the hardest news any parent could hear and stood by us in our choices all the way through. Then was there to counsel us after and through the pregnancy and birth of another child while still in the grieving process. Staff and Doctor are one in a million. Came highly recommended and would continue to recommend him to anyone who asks!!! (And have!) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
76	0	seems too busy. didn't spend much time to answer my questions. would not go back to him. 		2	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
77	1	One of the few Dr.'s that has been on time in years. Very friendly and attentive. A great experience. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	. effective listener,detailed approach,genuine in concerns 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
79	1	I grew up using the Park Nicollet Health care system and continue to along with my own family. I was a patient of Dr. Maust's for several years. She has since left my clinic and I have been unable to find a doctor of comparable quality to replace her. A widow friend of mine hasn't been to the doctor since she left because of the same reason. When I was a patient, I felt that I was listened to, and that attention was given in a caring and compassionate manner. Information to improve my health were recommended in a positive way. If there was anything non pressing that I needed to discuss, she returned the calls herself and addressed the question instead of having a nurse call me to tell me to come in for another appointment. I really miss her. I was told that she is home attending to her family. I look forward to the time when she is back in the clinic setting.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Assurant
79	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Maust's for several years and have been very satisfied.  She goes above and beyond to help.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
79	-1	When I initially began to see Dr Maust a few years ago I was impressed.  I was looking for a new doctor and she agreed to take me.  What became clear to me is her unprofessionalism toward the patient.  A doctor takes an oath to help others, well, K Maust MD is not one to acutally live up to said oath.  Nope, she gives up rather easy and kicks you out because she cannot manage societies ailments at all.  She gave up on many of her patience where even my new doctor seems surprised.  If you are looking for a doctor to ignore the oath to help, then book an appointment with her.  You won't be let down knowing that going into it.  The best thing I think she is qualified for is to give flu shots and nothing more.  	1	4	1	3 	Insurance:Workers Comp
80	1	He is a great Dr. If you have the time to wait for him it is well worth the wait. He is one I would travel for.  	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
81	-1	Please choose another physician if you want true help.  I went to Dr. Masih with extreme neck, arm, and chest pain.  But since I had a root canal a month prior and the dentist prescribe me 20 vicodin, Dr. Masih accused me of only being there to get pain pills.  I never asked for any pain pills, only solutions to the pain I was in.  He offered no help.  I even asked him if it was possible for me to have a pinch nerved in my back causing the pain and he said that if I had a something like that then I wouldn't be able to go to the bathroom.  Turns out a different physician found out I had a ruptured disk in my back that was digging into my spine and required surgery.  Do your self a favor a find a more professional physician. 	4	3	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	Wonderful and caring doctor.He is up to date with all new technology. Staff also friendly and professional.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
83	1	Dr. Macomber is an excellent doctor and is supported an excellent staff. As my primary care doctor, he not only treats me, but thoughfully refers me to a wide arrY of specialists. Due to my severe diabetes complications, he is very proactive and careful with me. He is an excellent educator who not only explains my condition and treatments, but also empowers me to be proactive with my part in managing my life. I have worked with him for a decade and the quality of life has improved immensely. I highly recommend Dr. Macomber and his staff. He not only is skilled in treating me, but also knows all the specialists that form my successful team.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
84	1	seemed to know he stuff when it cam eo carpal tunnel...went the extra mile to get me to a neuro surgeon when it appeared I needed more than carpal tunnel.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
84	0	. Needs improvement in scheduling of her appointments,both to shorten waiting time in exam room and to allow her more time for patient teaching, I waited in exam room 35 min and felt she was rushed 	4	1	3	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
84	-1	The doc was in the room for 5 min tops, after being over 45 minutes late.  Had assistant put cast on hand.. the assistant was fine, took her 15 minutes to install cast.  This actual care part of the visit was less than 30 minutes, and came to a grand total of $600.  For a cast.  The X-rays were done at my P.C.'s office, so that wasn't even part of the bill.  We'll see how much it will cost to have this place remove the cast.  Not recommended. 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
84	-1	She runs late for appointments, then does not spend enough with you in the room. She is really eager to do surgery. I had a second opinion and realized I truely did not need surgery. I would not recommmend her at all.  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
85	-1	This doctor is a joke. I saw him for about a year and a half and it always takes about 3 months to get into see him and he also cancelled many appointments on me. He treated me as though I am incompitant and that my medical issues were not worth his time. I stopped going to see him because I feel if i'm paying 475 dollars for an office call I should have a doctor that I like and who will listen and help me.  	3	2	1	2 	Insurance:CIGNA
85	-1	He did nothing to help me, did not listen to me. Did not even believe I had a seizure disorder. Gave me meds that made seizures worse, would not give me meds I knew would help me. Shuffled me in and out like he was in a hurry for a lunch date. No plan for treatment. Did not trust him at all. I hate talking bad about a doctor but I feel a doctor should listen and try to help no ignore you,talk down to you, and make you feel worse, this young doctor who acts like a child would do the world better working in a factory, not with sick people who really count on the doctor for help, especially with serious brain disfunctions who really need the help. One time after I asked a serious medication question he answered by saying the only thing I need to know is that I need to take the medication:( it made me seize and made me sick. You don't need to have a relationship with your doc but they do need to try to help you, and if not find someone who can. Not let you suffer.  He gives mayo a badname 	3	4	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
86	-1	. poor bedside manor 	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:HealthPartners
87	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	I would highly recommend Dr. Machesky for any oral surgery needs. He is focused on providing excellent care. He went out of his way to provide care for a family member, as well as, for myself. He gave me all my options that were available and informed me of the risks. I really felt that he had my best interest as his main concern. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	Dr. Machesky is a great person!! Makes a person feel comfortable. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	Dr. Machesky is very knowledgeable. Serious, but very helpful. Break him down because then he is very nice. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	Dr.Machesky is very nice.  At first he seems really serious but once you get to know him and he gets to know you he is less serious.  His staff is always nice too! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	Excellent Doctor, very thorough and spent a lot of time explaining how my Thyroid worked . . great follow-up.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
89	1	Dr. Mattison was the first doctor to really dig deep into my health and take me seriously.  She is amazing and made me feel like she actually cared about me and my success.  She is an angel and I recommend her to a lot of people and will continue to do so.  I feel this is definately her calling and couldn't be more blessed that I found her!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	Dr. Mattison is tops as far as a doctor.She listens and asks my opinion.Very helpful and trusts my suggestions too. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	Does not like to be challenged.  You cannot treat everyone &quot;by the book.&quot;  We all have thte same parts but those parts do not function the same. 	5	4	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	She was easy to talk to and very sharp (in other words Smart)  I was surprised at some of the ideas she suggested which impress with the the wide extent of her knowledge.  I like her &quot;bedside&quot; manner and would rate her high for chicken male patients.  I would totally suggest her to anyone needing a good Endo.   Her staff was very helpful btw with a totally unrelated problem *Great People! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
89	0	I went to her to find out about why my bone loss was declining so fast. While she is very kind, all she could come up with is that it was genetic.  No one in my family has it.  That is a cop out.  She refused to do more functional medicine testing and is strictly a conventional doctor.  She needs to go back to school.  	3	4	3	2 	Insurance:Medicare
89	1	Dr. Mattison seems to take me seriously--that is not something I find in every doctor.  She gives me credit for what I do know and tries to educate me as well.   Good doc! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
89	1	Dr. Mattison was very helpfull but I did a little rushed through the appointment.  	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
89	0	. DID NOT LISTEN TO MEDICATION SIDE EFFECTS WAS NOT UNDERSTANDING KEPT INCREASING DOSEON MED WHEN I HAD SIDE EFFECTD,WANTED TO ADD UN NEEDED MEDS ON 	1	3	5	1 	Insurance:Humana
89	1	Dr. Mattison is a great listener.  Came in with a variety of symptoms and is determined to get to the bottom of my problem. 	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	I have seen Dr. Mattison since she was a resident. She is amazing and will talk with you so that you compleatly understand what is going on. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	She is wonderful.  Really knows her stuff.  She is very easy to talk to.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
89	1	I really liked her. She took all the time to answer my questions and didn't rush me. I am really glad I found her. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	This lady is topnotch. She listens and explains everything. Takes her time too. I am so impressed. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
90	1	very thorough, helped get me on the right track after seeing others drs. for almost a year. Staff was very helpful! 	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
90	-1	this DR was very rude and almost cost me my life by refusing to fix an incarcerated hernia!! I later had this repaired in Duluth at ST.Lukes By DR. Nelson(general surgery.  I'LL give HIM five stars!!! Excellent work he did on me!!) 	5	3	1	2 	Insurance:Medicare
91	-1	DO NOT GO TO THIS DOCTOR!! Horrible and unproffesional! That's all I can say.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
91	1	My favorite doctor of all time! Dr Mainguy performed my oopherectomy. I felt relaxed and at ease with my decision to choose her as my surgeon. Dr Mainguy has been my Gyn for about 10 years now and feel fortunate to have her as my doctor. She REALLY listens to me, she is a extremely knowledgeable doctor, she is kind, patient, and understanding. She may run behind on her office visit but that is just fine with me. If I would like her to spend extra time with me I guess I had better understand when she spends extra time with her other patient. I just bring a book and relax until she comes in.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
91	1	One of my top doctor pics. She was referred to me through my GP - I have a long and complicated history. She REALLY listened and didnt dismiss any of my concerns as many of the other doctors I have visited have done in the past. Best bedside manner.  Runs late usually- probably because she gives EVERYBODY time - worth the wait! 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
91	1	Sarah Mainguy is wonderful.  She has the best bedside manner of any ob/gyn and really treats you as a partner rather than just a patient.  She was open and supportive of all my choices and incredibly empathetic.  She runs horribly late, but I think it's because she spends so much time with her patients -- which I definitely appreciate.  	4	2	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
91	1	I have a very complicated medical history and I was referred to this dr.  She has always been very willing to listen and seemed genuinely concerned. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	I would trust my life with Dr. Mainguy.  She is compassionate and really took a personal interest in our pregnancy.  As a Gestational Carrier with the parents attending every appt she really addressed us all at every appt and calmed all our fears and &quot;what-if's&quot; and when it was all said and done she really  took care of me, the patient.  I had some complications and she made sure that I was well looked after and didn't leave me until she was sure I was out of the danger zone.  I hope to carry again and will definately use her in a heartbeat. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	I've seen almost all the doctors in the Women's Health Consultant (WHC) practice, and she stood out as the least rushed, most interested in what I was saying about my pregnancy, and most likable.  Also, she made some suggestions re: pregnancy related heartburn and rib-pain that really helped (and this is my 3rd pregnancy, so I've had experience w/this before!).  All the doctors at the WHC office seem really intelligent and knowledgeable about women's health, but she  has had the best bedside manner thus-far.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
91	1	Very optimistic, upbeat and genuinely cares about her patients. She is a wonderful doctor - compassionate. She spoke to my mother (who was overseas) and comforted her. At that time, I was about to go in for surgery and she reassured her that she would make sure that she would take good care of me. It helped my mother through this rough time. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	He is very good DR. for High Risk Pregnancy and also for Gyn. things that Females have going on. He is good with Children and was my Doctor while I was pregnant and now is my daughters DR.  GREAT DOCTOR! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
93	1	He is outstanding!! Both his mind and his hands are agile and gifted. Truly, a natural born healer. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
94	1	I am providng another update regarding the harassment restraining order.  The judge wanted to reschedule the hearing (now scheduled for April, 2012).  I am not sure if he will allow information in the record, other than what is directly related to the harassment hearing.  Thus, if you want valid and reliable information about her competence, call the board of psychology or talk to me and I  will tell you of insuance companies that have conducted research on their providers with chart audits, client satisfaction surveys, etc. and tell you how t obtain this information.   In order to add this update, I needed to rate myself and noe that the rating is based on my own experience which, I realize, skews results.   Alison Maule-Kronmiller, Ph.D.,  L.P. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
94	1	I've been going to Dr. Maule Kronmiller for over a year.  I've been to therapists before and no one has been as good as her. I consider her my friend. She's has helped me get on the right track. If your debating on seeing her as a therapist, don't deliberate anymore. She is the best therapist, and she will help you.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
94	1	I am the psychologst in question and am responding to these postings, as they can not be trusted.  I have traced two of them to an ex-partner of an ex-client of mine.  This man was unhappy that my ex-cient started setting limits with him, limits that contributed to her feeling better.  Since then, this man has been stalking and harrassing me (since 2008)  As recommended by the Board of Psychology, I filed an harrassment restraining order.  He is now attempting to appeal the harrassment order that I filed.  The hearing is scheduled for December 16,2011.  Court records are public informtion.  If you are in the position of questioning Dr. Maule-Kronmillers ethics and or skills, please review court records or ask questions directly of her.   Also, if you need them, she can direct you to more valid and reliable measures of her skills and client feedback (Insurance company patient feedback questionnaires) which demonstrate superior ratings. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
94	-1	She seemed careless and did not pay much attention to what I way saying. I did not feel that she cared that she caused additional suffering. 	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
94	0	Dr. Kronmiller is a very nice person and goes out of her way to help her patients. However, she does not have many techniques that she uses outside of EMDR. Go to her if you have PTSD or other trauma and would find EMDR helpful, otherwise I would avoid. 	5	5	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
94	-1	Dr. Maule-Kronmiller will not scruple at revealing contents of your confidential medical files with others - in this case she opened my personal files and shared a damning, and quite questionable third party psychological diagnoses with my partner.  I faced serious repercussions in my personal and family life as a result.  When I had her investigated by the MN Psych bureau for breach of confidence, her reaction was to further compromise me.  By her own admission she sees herself as a patient's &quot;advocate,&quot; which in this context means she will tell a patient whatever they want to hear to keep the checks coming in, even if it seriously compromises their long term mental health or relationships with their family.  Inquiries for explanations or justifications have gone unanswered.  An utter charlatan, if you value your privacy and peace of mind, and don't want your personal world turned upside down by her hackneyed brand of medicine, stay away. 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
95	-1	Dr. McCabe is the most insulting, rude, as well as incompetent. I went in for the flu, a sore throat, and an infection at the site of a previous surgery. He refused to check my infection as well as my sore throat. He made several rude comments and I was out in less than 5 minutes. Please don't send your loved ones to this Dr. He was so cruel that he left me almost in tears. How are we supposed to be able to trust doctors when they aren't even held accountable for their actions&#63; They are allowed to treat people as subhuman. That is how I felt. I am usually assertive for myself yet his cruel behavior both caught me off guard, and was over before I even knew what hit me. Respect yourself, and your loved ones stay away from this so called doctor.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
96	1	Very kind doctor, always smiling and willing to listen. He was punctual and was very knowledgable. His nurse was also very kind and helpful. I would recommend him to anyone in the Anoka/Coon Rapids area.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
96	-1	 	4	4	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
97	1	Consistant. Always on time and possitive.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
97	-1	Doctor did not completely read and understand my hospital medical file 	3	3	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
98	1	Excellent.  Great bed side manner.  Very knowledgeable, and approachable.  I would not hesitate to recommend. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
98	1	We love Dr. Maucieri.  She always takes her time with us and answers all of our questions.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
99	1	He was very helpful. He explained what I had and answered all my questions without hurry. Very good.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
100	1	I can not say enough good things about Dr Markman! I have been a patient of his since 2000. I was in need of my 3rd ACL knee surgery on the same knee. A couple other doctors felt it was futile to operate again. At that time I was only 29yo, so to have such an unstable knee was really a hinderance preventing me from so much. Dr Markman did the surgery, and did it WELL! His was the only surgery to last (11yrs now). My other 2 surgery's only lasted about 2yrs each.  I recommend him highly! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
100	1	excellent 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
