dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	-1	IME for auto, she is paid to side with the auto insurance company! Good luck 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	Helped me find the right treatment and I am feeling much better. Will definitely be seeing again. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	-1	She was EXTREMLY RUDE and is very ignorant! I have worked with a lot of doctors and have never been treated so rudely. I did not even let her treat me due to her incompetence! 	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
3	-1	I had a good experience with her as my surgeon, not as good in-office experiences. Her personality and office manner were often abrupt and blunt and I don't understand why it was standard practice for her to put my ear tubes in with no anesthesia, just with me lying on the table. It felt dangerous and definitely hurt. I endured a lot of pain in her office. I have since moved. I would rate her high for the surgery she did for me and low for office visits. 	3	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
3	-1	My major complaint with dr. payne was her lack of bedside manner.  I don't know how she keeps staff as I witnessed many occasions of rude behavior.  	4	2	1	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
3	-1	I wouldn't recommend Dr. Payne. She is an awful shot admin. often drawing blood. She is often moody and unpleasant. She keeps the client waiting an unacceptable amount of time.  She has alienated many staff members. But worst of all,  she calls and harasses clients if they choose to reschedule an allergy shot, but worst of all, she calls and harasses you if  you choose to change doctors.  	3	1	1	2 	Insurance:HealthPartners
4	1	He is a fabulous doctor and I would recommend him to anyone. I can come to him with anything and he will always help. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	Have had Dr. Pastorius as our family physician for 22 years. I am a nurse and actually researched doctors prior to choosing him. I have never regretted my choice and highly recommend him to anyone looking for a family physician who will be aware of NEW advances, give REALISTIC advice, and REMEMBER your family members from visit to visit.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	Dr. Pastorius is a great physician with outstanding leadership sklls and knowledge. The servies he performs at Lynwood Healthcare Center are outstanding. Thank you. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	Very knoledgable and helpful. Always listens to his patients.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
6	1	Dr. Carl Passal was my doctor for more than 27 years.  I did have to have c-sections because of complications, but he always used sutures, not staples.  He was very kind, dedicated,and concerned, and I was sorry to see him retire.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	-1	I would not recommend this DR to anyone, he does not listen to his patients.  He thinks because he is the DR he knows best, well because he did not listen I miscarried.  Also this Dr is to quick to perform C-sections, it's all about money!  Would never see this Dr again. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	Best eye doctor I have ever seen.   She is polite and really listens to her patients 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
8	1	Doctor was friendly, on time, and encouraged and answered many questions.  	4	4	5	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	Very knowledgeable in sleep disorders and continues to study and attend conferences to increase this knowledge.  Unusual for a doctor of such high skills is his ability to describe things in understandable laymen english.  Very responsive to any questions asked. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	I have known Dr. Palomino for a while now and can only recommend her as an absolutely qualified, caring professional who puts patients ahead of all. We miss you here in Houston Dr.  (PN) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	1	My 1 yr. old son was seen by Dr. Palomino at Fairview Ridges with a 104 fever. She was very thorough, went over everything with me and my husband. She was very willing to answer all of our questions. My son was very upset and crying until the moment she picked him up and held him. She had an instant calming effect. She went out of her way to make sure we understood everything that was going on with my son and all the tests he needed. To be treated so kindly on a busy Saturday night in an emergency room helped calm my fears and make my son feel better.  	4	3	5	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	-1	She was rude and unprofessional. When I first typed this, my complaint was well over 1,000 characters long. I found Dr.Palomino unwilling and incapable of answering any questions I had.And her overall knowledge and awareness of information pertaining to her field was lacking.Not only was she not very well informed, but more importantly, she was RUDE!!! I wonder how on Earth this woman ever became a physician. She was more concerned with reminding us of what a &quot;HOT SHOT&quot; doctor she was, instead of attending to the patient and task at hand. I intend to write a formal complaint to her supervisor. I hope nobody ever has to experience what we went through with our visit to the ER in just dealing with the doctor.  	5	5	1	1 	Insurance:HealthPartners
11	1	Dr. Perra is a great doctor.  I am very happy with the results of my surgery and the follow up.  I have friends that have had the same back surgery and once the doctor was done and paid, they never saw them again. I've been going to him for years and I have to admit that every appointment and even my surgery were late by at least an hour.  This has cause some frustration but when he finally sees you, you get his full attention and time.  I believe that's why his punctuality is so poor because unlike most doctors, he will spend the necessary time with every patient, even if your &quot;15 min&quot; are up.  I'm willing to accept that because I know when it's my turn I will get the attention and care I need no matter how long it takes.  I also have to comment on how great his nurse Julie is. She's been very helpful and attentive when I had questions or concerns and when Dr. Perra wasn't available. 	4	1	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	I had chronic neck pain following a motor vehicle accident. Dr. Perra was _outstanding_. He took the time to answer all my questions, he obviously _cared_ about my recovery, and he was clearly expert. Having said this, my recommendation to other people with significant medical problems is to get several opinions: each doctor may hold a different piece of the solution. (Incidentally, an ER doctor and two attorneys all went out of their way to say that Dr. Perra was &quot;outstanding,&quot; when I mentioned that I had seen him.) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	I have been going to see Dr. Perra for almost 10 years and I love seeing him. He is always willing to listen and discuss my needs. Unlike the other person who rated him, I have never seen his phone ring or feel like he was not able to talk to me. The clinic he is part of is extreamly busy and most of the time it is not Dr. Perra's fault that he can not see you soon enough-He is a specilty doctor-not a general physcian. He is great! 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	-1	For a routine exam, I waited 1.5 hours from the time my appt was scheduled to the time Dr. Perra met with me. The second visit I had this year (after being diagnosed with a very painful herniated disc) it not only took me 3 weeks to get an appoinment, but when there, I waited 2 hours to see him. In the middle of the 2nd visit his phone when off TWICE. He might be knowlegdable, but his is disconnected from the patient. He doesn't take the time to make sure you understand what's going on. He runs his clinic like a business. I am very seriously thinking about switching. 		1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
12	-1	This woman is one nasty piece of work. She is WHY a lot of women come to dislike female MD's. They go in as patients expecting empathy and get this: cold, too good for you, not listening, treating you in general like a moron. I am not sure if they are out to prove they are not mere lowly females or what, but seriously this is common. Also please note she does NOT have the experience her age would suggest. She is  in her late 40's but become an MD well into her 30's. That might be part of the problem.  Stay away! 	3	3	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	-1	I had a problem after my c-section that she performed and she seem me several times with the same answer, she didnt know what was wrong.  So i gave up and recently seen another doctor and in 1 appt. they told me what was wrong. and its nots good.  it was something she should have found. jennifer peoples caused me pain and suffering for 1 year, i DO NOT recommend her at all. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	I have had Dr. Peoples as my Ob/Gyn for a few years now. She has been very helpful, thorough, and understanding regarding any concerns that I have had. Personally, I would highly recommend her for care.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
12	1	I love Dr. Peoples, she has been the best gyno I have had in my whole life, she solved some issues that others had been overlooking or ingoring. She is awesome. I am not sure what the others are talking about. She rocks! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	-1	I felt that she thought that she was too good for me. She made it very clear that she did not believe in my pain and after two ER doc told what was wrong she said they could not be right because they were not gynos. Very full of herself. Talked over me the whole time blamed my pain on evrything but anykind of pelvic problem. I wouuld not recomend this doc to ANYONE! She was horriable i left there litallery in tears i was so upset.  	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	-1	Horrible people skills!!! She was very condesending and arrogant! She wanted yes or no answes and would't let me explain why I was there. My husband and I have been trying to get pregnant and she acted like I was wasting her time by talking to her re: my past hisory of female problems.   I do NOT recommend her at all!!!!!! 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:HealthPartners
12	-1	I've never had such an experience at the doctor. V. bad bedside manner. Very cold. She seemed more like a dictator than a doctor; didn't listen, etc. I don't think my insurance will pay for a second well check so I'll have to see someone else out of pocket. 	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
12	0	She is very full of herself.  She didn't really listen to what I had to say.  She could've caused some serious harm to me and my baby before delivery if it weren't for me insisting on a c-section. 	4	3	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
12	-1	This dr. was very unprofessional. She slumped in her chair and twirled her earring while giving me a blank stare while I told of my concerns. Her reply to my endometriosis was &quot; how do you even know you have it&#63;&quot; I have had multiple surgeries over two decades! She lacks professionalism and is cold. 	2	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	Caring, listens, willing to go the extra mile.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
14	1	Very caring and understanding doctor.  Also very open to reading materials brought in by patients; something that I did not find in other physicians.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	1	I have been seeing Dr. Pena for a couple of years now.  I started going to her when I became pregnant.  I am disappointed to now hear that she no longer delivers babies, but I am fortunate to still have her for my childs doctor. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	Dr. Teresa Pena has been my family's MD for six years. She is always pleasant, punctual and personable. She is a smart cookie and is someone I respect and would pay cash to see if she did not accept my insurance. Since discovering Dr. Pena in 2000, I have given birth to my son, Mathias, and she was wonderfully helpful and resourceful through the pregnancy and has been our entire professional relationship. Although she was not able to deliver my child, she did check-in with me within hours of the delivery. Anyone who is fortunate enough to be one of her patients knows they are being cared for by an Angel.  We love her! 	 5/18/07		5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	-1	Awful.  Worst doctor I have ever been to in my life.  I have had chronic sinus infections for years and went to Mayo as a last resort.  He was two hours late and then did not even examine me before concluding that I did not have sinus problems, despite surgical evidence.  Wasted days off work, money for flights and hotel and hours of time for 10 minutes in which he said he would not even try to help.  	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	Amazing.  She's been our children's doctor since the moment our oldest was born.  She always listens, never makes us feel like she's in a hurry.  My son is now 4 and LOVES her, too.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	1	I had LD testing performed with Dr. Pasnecker. He is a great doctor and I would recommend him to anyone. He was very helpful and kind. I think he knows his stuff well.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	-1	Sajay made a very serious misdiagnosis, and he is very rude as well.  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	. Very Knowledgeable 	5	5	3	5 	Insurance:Humana
20	-1	He refused to follow up laboratory results.  I went to another doctor, had blood tests repeated, and ended up with surgery to remove 4 growths/tumors.  	5	5	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	0	Dr. Kee (as he's called) is a very pleasant fellow with a good sense of humor, found his bedside manner to be excellent, which is more than I can say for most doctors.  He diagnosed me with fibromyalgia a couple months ago, I was pretty sure that I had it but he confirmed it.  Treatment options however, were somewhat limited.  I would recommend this doctor to someone who has low to moderate levels of pain.  If you are in significant pain, you need to seek help elsewhere.  Otherwise, as I mentioned, he's a good doctor with excellent bedside manner.  	4	5	3	3 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
22	1	Doctor Deb Peterson is most deffinately the best doctor I have ever had! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	Debra Peterson is probably one of the best doctors in the history of Litchfield, MN. She cares very much for her patients and always goes the extra mile. She is very knowledgeable, kind, and considerate. She REALLY wants to know how you are doing when you go to see her. She gets to know not only her patients, but their families, too. She is great with everything from obstetrics to geriatrics. 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	-1	I have never experienced such an apathetic doctor. He was incredibly unhelpful and uncompassionate. He did not seem very well informed on many of the questions I had for him which concerned me. Every issue or symptom that I reported was dismissed and altogether never addressed. (I left the clinic with no help, no answers, and no options) The one suggestion he did offer for my issue was absurd and would be insulting to anyone's intelligence. Even a nurse at the same clinic was unimpressed by his advice and told me to find a better doctor. 	2	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	Dr. Peaslee has been my PCP for years. He does a good, thorough job of my annual exams, and gives me the straight answers. I always have several questions for him during the annual visit, which he answers completely. I think part of the value of the annual exam is my interactive discussion with him regarding my health.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
24	-1	Dr Peaslee may be knowledgeable, but if you don't toe the line and take the pills he's pushing -Look out! he yelled at my mom for not taking BP meds, he wouldn't bother even make eye contact -glaring at a computer screen the entire time, instead of explaining what meds do what and how to counteract side effects.  he could not care less how my mom was hurt by the meds -and he was downright nasty when my mom displayed an independent thought that &quot;these meds react with my body and I'm going to listen to my body&quot; - Dr Peaslee won't have any of that! 	5	5	1	3 	Insurance:Medicare
24	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	I have not seen Keith Paley, MD since he left upstate New York for Minnesota.  However, we were blessed and fortunate to have this highly skilled, incredibly competent and knowledgeable surgeon on call when our son was in critical condition.  It is not an exaggeration to say that Dr. Paley saved his life.  He is kind and compassionate in his bedside manner and he demands the very best of nurses and others taking care of his patients.  He went &quot;above and beyond&quot; in his care of our son, which, I might add, was required for a period of about six months, his situation was so critical.  I could never thank him enough.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
26	-1	this man is a disgrace to the medical practice since my family moved to two harbors he has treated us like dirt he has caused my father to be hospitalised he has been very rude to me he has told my father that he wants my father out of Minnesota he ignores what other doctors tell him and he is trying to either get our family out of Minnesota or kill my father. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	Dr. Pauley is kind and a good listener. He is skilled and flexible with my teenagers and responsive to questions. He and his staff are extremely thorough. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	Dr. Peterson is very professional and experienced.  He was my OB through 3 pregnancies.  He delivered one of my babies, and he did an excellent job.  He was very receptive to my desire to have an epidural, and made sure I got one as quickly as possible.  I loved the office workers and the nurse practitioners, too.  If you are looking for a competent OB, Dr.  Peterson cannot be beat! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	1	. He is wonderful, and very concerned and caring! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
29	1	I have seen Dr. Pai twice in the urgent care at Park Nicollet, St. Louis Park. He listened and seemed very well educated on the topic I came in for. He had great suggestions and insights. Very good bedside manner.  		3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
30	1	Hygenist was unfriendly and Dr. Patterson seemed to do a lot of &quot;preventative&quot; fillings.  	2	5	2	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
30	1	Very nice, detailed, staff is also very helpful and competent.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
31	1	Very thorough, kind and considerate.  Knows her stuff, but is not afraid to recommend a specialist if needed.  Always makes time to answer all questions, even though her schedule may be packed.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	1	Excellent doctor. Been with her for 10 years. She sees my entire family. Extremely smart - plus excellent staff. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	A very good Dr but works for a clinic that keeps her from providing the best care because she unable to secure timely referrals to specialist that are the the same community of her practice.  If she cannot provide the care she will have not choice to send you out of town for care.  I will miss her very much. 	5	5	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	 	2	2	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	I was looking for a new primary car Physician, and i think I found her. Dr. Pajunen was very nice and actually seemed glad to have me as a patient instead of trying to rush through the exam like my last attempt at a doctor did.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	1	Outstanding listener.  Explained his treatment plan very well. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	Dr. Pakzad was and is an amazing help to me. He's always been thorough and has an honest care about his patients. When I improved (thanks to him), you could see the glow in his face. Takes great pride in his work. I wouldn't go anywhere else if you *paid* me. Thank you Dr. Pakzad.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	-1	NOTHING!!!! 	3	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	I met Dr Sherry Paulson under unfortunate circumstances.  It was my fist pregnancy and was having a miscarriage of multiples at 12wks.  Dr Paulson was so kind and considerate.  She shared with us what was to be expected and was so encouraging.   Her kindness will never be forgotten 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
37	1	I have had several proceedures performed by Dr. Panetta and was followed by him for after care.  Dr. Panetta is a caring and very knowledgeable doctor.  He is a honest skilled surgeon who lets the patient know exactly what is going on.  Explains things very well in layman terms.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
38	1	Dr. Peterson did a wonderful job and answered all my questions. I felt like he truley cared and had a good sense of humor. I will definately see him again! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
38	0	Dr. Peterson, on post-op follow up,told me conflicting information than what he told my significant other after my surgery. He told my significant other that he found endometriosis, but told me that I did not have it! When I went to a different doctor for a second opinion, the new doctor stated that Dr. Peterson's surgery notes clearly stated that I do, in fact, have endometriosis (my surgery pictures clearly show the growths, as well). Dr. Peterson was very friendly the first time I met him, but wanted to immediately do surgery without trying other, less invasive, methods. At my follow-up, he was very rude and dismissed my concerns very quickly. I will never go to him again. I also had to wait copious amounts of time to even get in to see him for my appointments. I felt like he was always in a hurry to move on to the next patient.  	2	2	3	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
39	1	My wife had a blown disk in her lower back (caused by a physical therapist for another injury) that was pinching her ciatic nerve and couldn't walk when she went to see Dr Parra.  While it took a month before Dr. Parra could get her in and we had to wait an hour past our appt to see him, he was very good.  He shared the options with us (for him surgery is a last option).  We insisted that this issue needed correcting now.  He scheduled surgery a week later.  My wife was walking again the day of the surgery with no pain.  She said when she woke up that it was like someone turned off the switch that was causing the pain.  Here we are 3 years later and no other issues.  (I had a coworker that needed a full fusion and he went to Parra with the same wonderful treatment and results. ) 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	0	I had an a/p two level lumbar fusion w/ this orthopedic surgeon over three years ago. He explained the difficulty of the surgery &that; the firdt three days after you wake up from surgery will be excruciatingly painful. He had told me he was leaving on vacation after the surgery & that his assoiate would be following my care. He introduced me to his associate,who told me:&quot;we are going to get to be good freinds by the time this is over&quot;. Dr.Parra was right the surgery was excruciatingly painful(I have never experienced pain like that in my lifetime& I suffer from cluster headaches). The associate was terrible he'd show up rip off the bandage on my front & back,mention it looked good & offf he would go before I could tell him that I was in terrible pain. The P.C.A pump was malfunctioning & every time I would try to dose myself it started beeping & said patient lockout. The nursewould come in & tell me I had my pain medication allready,as I protested that it started beeping right away. 		1	3	2 	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	Dr. Parsons is phenomenal. She had been extremely helpful in the care of our son. Listens well and understands our concerns. She explains things in an easy to understand manner and is extremely good with kids. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	Dr. Parsons is a great doctor. Her nurse is the best i've had so far. She's almost always with me in 15min or less.  I'm so happy that shes my doctor! 	5	4	4	4 	Insurance:HealthPartners
41	-1	Admitted my father a dying man with terminal cancer with an astronomical amount of abdominal pain to the hospital with no order for pain meds.  He had to wait for a floor nurse to locate a hospitalist to write an order for pain meds.   Inhumane.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
42	-1	She is judgmental and not helpful at all. Instead of helping me and answering my questions, all she did was accuse and judge me. She even said &quot;I don't want you to get pregnant so I will not prescribe you the meds!&quot; It made me so mad. I had to wait for 45 minutes for my SCHEDULED appointment. She prescribes medication that she doesn't know the side effects of.  Awful! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
42	-1	She was an hour late for my appointment and then refused to work with me as her patient.  She did not examine or treat me and then still billed me for the appointment.  Extremely unprofessional and unhelpful. 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	Dr. Peterson rocks.  She's seen my kids and my wife for many years.  She'll come to the hospital on her day off just to see my kids if they are in.  It's like she's part of the family.  She's very sweet and caring, yet knows her limits and doesn't hesitate to refer you to a specialist when something gets beyond her experience. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	Dr. Peterson has been our family doctor for over 13 years - she is wonderful! She not only cares about our physical well being but our emotional and mental well being as a family - I trust her opinions and know that she always gives me the best of her knowledge. Thank you! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	She's the best! Dr. Peterson is very caring and knowledgeable. I've been seeing her for many years.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	1	I've been a patient for over 10 yrs and have never had a complaint about her.Very caring and takes her time. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	She is kind, caring, takes her time with me and listens well.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	1	Seems to take time to listen and takes what you say seriously.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	-1	Questioned me about my kids dad and told me if I didn't tell him he would turn me into social service.  very unprofessional didn't answer my questions wouldn't recommend him at all.  	1	4	1	3 	Insurance:Medicare
45	-1	very little bedside manner.  Treated me as if I was wasting his time.  Yes or no answers to questions no conversion or explation.  	4	5	1	2 	Insurance:Medicare
45	1	Visited Dr. Parry for second opinion/ management of my fiances MS. The doctor was very knowledgable about the disease, performed a complete assessment, was up to date on newest medications, trials, and immediatelly understood our need for a second opinion. Was open to our concerned and addressed our needs. Would definitelly recommend MD to others.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
46	1	A doctor who actually listens!  Dr Peterson is a nice guy who also happens to be a great doctor.  He actually discusses different options with me.  He knows the latest research and meds.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
46	1	Very understanding and empathetic. Listens and assumes you are the pro of your body. One of the best doctors I have seen! Because he does take time to listen, the wait time can be up to an hour after the appointment was made.  However, the wait is worth it. He also specializes in Sports Med, which is helpful because he doesn't just refer to PT. 	4	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	Dr. Peterson is great. He is a strong listener, is empathetic, takes time to talk and discuss, asks questions about your general health in addition to whatever specific problem you have on that day. Very knowledgeable. Excellent doctor. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
47	1	One of the best listeners I have been to.  She is very down to earth and nice.  She is the best Dr. I have seen, and I have seen MANY!!!! 	3	3	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
48	-1	One visit and didn't go back. Totally dissatisfied.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	1	I loved Dr. Petrungaro.  She was thoughtful and helpful.  Loved her. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	very knowledgable and caring, no problems, very thorough, made me feel very comfortable 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	After 3 visits to different dermatologists, Anastasios Pappas MD was the only one who could identify the rash on my sons belly and thigh as a nickel allergy!! Kudos to Dr. Pappas - my whole family absolutely loves him 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	After 3 visits to different dermatologists, Dr. Anastasios Pappas MD was the only one who could identify the rash on my sons belly and thigh as a nickel allergy!! Kudos to Dr. Pappas - my whole family absolutely loves him! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	He was polite and very helpful. Did more teaching than I have seen, and answsered all our questions. Personally called us the weekend with results.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:BC Med
50	1	Great doctor! The only one I went to (out of 30 or so), who had the balls to try new things.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	1	Dr. Pappas has treated 2 of my daughters(ages 21 and 6), and has excellent people skills. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
51	1	Best heart doctor in town!  So smart and he hates drugs.  He ablated my problem after another doctor just gave me pills.  I would go back or send my wife, and I love my wife :) 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
52	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	. first-rate in all respects 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	1	Excellent, intelligent, caring and empathetic Doctor. Takes time to listen to you and answer your questions. Helps you manage your health on all levels.  But will hand off to specialist when appropriate.  Has an in depth knowledge of many diseases and conditions as well as their treatments. 	 3/23/08	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	This doctor is really on the ball and is sharper than a whip when it comes to treating patients. Excellent bedside manner to top it off, too. What more could you ask for&#63; 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	I have been seeing Dr. Path for over ten years.  I am still alive! 	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
56	-1	You really don't want me to tell you what I think. 	2	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	Very good and knowledgeable in her field 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
58	-1	Need to give it up its just that simple.  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
59	1	She has been my doctor for years and has never disappointed me. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
59	1	Excellent Doctor and very knowledgeable.  Takes her time to make sure she answers all your questions. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
59	1	I've gone to this practice since I was a child, and am going to Dr. Pearson as my OBGYN now.  She's great, always makes me feel like she has time for me and my questions.  Her nurse always returns my calls promptly.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	1	Since my primary moved out of the country I searched for someone I liked, finally landed on Dr. Pearson. She's been very helpful. 	4	3	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
59	1	Dr Pearson is the best! She's my primary care Dr, she handled my prenatal care and delivery and is now my daughter's Dr too. I can't tell you how many times her schedule has been booked and she's made time to see my daughter. She never makes me feel rushed during a visit and always has time for questions. She's even personally called with test results. Dr Pearson is a very friendly, helpful and compassionate Dr to work with. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
59	1	Dr Pearson's the best, very friendly and helpful.  She makes you feel your important!! and she really cares for me as a person.   If she'll look it up to find the information 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
59	1	Very knowledgable, concerned, professional. Highly recommended. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
59	1	She is the best. She is very understanding with your issues. If she doesn't know the answer she will find it out and call you at home or work.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
60	1	For the person who is claiming he is rude...you are wrong and have not spent the time understanding and learning from his years of experience. Dr. Pavelka has been the most AMAZING infertility doctor I have ever seen. His years make him beyond an expert in his field. Even after he moved his practice to Woodbury, I chose to follow him because of that knowledge and experience. Dr. Pavelka is warm, caring, considerate and seasoned at what he does. Not only did I conceive my first child on my first cycle, but MANY of my colleagues and friends did so as well.  This was after failed attempts at other clinics. Does Dr. Pavelka know he is good&#63;   Absolutely! However, his unwavering philosophies about women and mens infertility has always made me feel safe, understood and well cared for while in his practice. While I am sorry that another individual on this board speaks otherwise, I literally owe him my first born and for that I am eternally grateful.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
60	-1	I was referred to Pavelka, I encourage all of you to go else where.  No bed side manner, rude, his staff is less than helpful, as I tried to ask questions he looked annoyed as he wanted me to wait until the end of the 4 hour visit which by then you are overwhelmed and can't remember your name as he also quotes everyone else and tells you what conferences he went to with the names of the other physicians which means absolutely NOTHING to a family trying to get pregnant.  I felt he was extremely rude, did not care, his staff did the ulta sound on me and he had to come in as she poked around and couldn't figure out what she was doing.  This was the worst experience.  My husband and I decided to go with another group and are thrilled. If you are looking for a kind, caring person this is not the place to go.  If you wanted to be treated poorly like you are a number, I encourage you to go in for the ride and be prepared to be defeated and beat down with a man pointing and laughing! 	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
60	0	Saw him once then went thru three cycles with him that seemed kind of like he didn't care and his nurse practioner was very mean.  I went to a different doc and got pregnant on my first cycle! Spend thousands at pavelka (ultrasounds around 200) where i went a consulation plus ultrasound was 100. Way over priced and arrogant &quot;I can get you pregnant but its going to cost you a fortune&quot; 	4	5	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	I recently was referred to Dr Pavelka while trying to conceive baby #2. I loved the fact that he was very knowledgeable about infertility, but made no guarantees and didn't promise the moon like some other reproductive endocrinologists I spoke to. I saw Dr Pavelka at every appt, except when he was on vacation. I was able to get appointments when I needed them and the clinic always worked around my schedule. Nothing about infertility is fun, but Pavelka Reproductive Associates made the treatment process as smooth as possible. We are now expecting baby #2 in April 2010.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
60	1	Highly recommended. Great office hours. Short notice appointments. Caring, friendly and extremely knowledgible. Will be returning for his help with second child soon.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
60	1	Dr. Pavelka and staff were very caring, and great about answering my questions. They have great hours including some weekend hours for those of us whose cycles don't fit into 9 to 5 M-F. I am now 13. 5 weeks pregnant, and I owe it all to him!! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
60	1	Helpful, always available and didn't &quot;rush&quot; me through appointments.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
61	1	My recent appointment with Dr. Petrac was very good, the staff at her office was very helpful as I requested my mammogram be ordered prior to my appointment. I did wait a few extra minutes as she was running late due to a delivery but did not mind as once I was in room she did not rush me and took the time to discuss my issues and problems. It is a very busy office but well worth the wait to have someone take the time she did with me. I have recommended her to many of my friends who are pregnant as well as those just needing a good doctor.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
62	-1	I saw Dr. Perpich today for a physical; she seemed very distracted and indicated she would &quot;be right back&quot; for my exam.  I sat in the room clothed in the paper robe for 25 minutes before she returned.  My questions were left unresolved and her replies mostly consisted of &quot;I dunno.  I've never heard of that before.&quot;  I will not be returning to her.  The nurse was great; the lady at the front desk was mediocre at best. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	Dr Peters really cares and listens to my concerns. She spends time with me, and doesn't make me feel like she is in a rush to get to her next patient. She is the best doctor I have ever had, even my husband is impressed with the quality of the care I have received from her. It doesn't matter if I have a cold or a very serious health problem (and I have had both) she treats me with the same care and compassion. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	He's thorough, professional, and actually takes the time to listen to you when you talk with him about what's up. I'd recommend him to anyone. He also works well if you're seeing other doctors for specialized issues - he reads through their chart notes if he has them available. 	 7/5/07	3	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	Dr Peters is a GREAT doctor! He's thorough and very very knowledgable. If by chance you ask a question he doesn't know the answer to, or if he can not diagnose your problem, he will see that you are referred properly to the appropriate specialty physician. 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	I read the last comment, you are just a whiner, Dr. perepelitsyn made me feel at home, gave me the perfect amount of information when i asked for it, and was very professional with a sense of humor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
65	-1	I went to Dr. P for help with my chronic sinusitis. He acted like I was an annoyance to his schedule. He literally ignored things I said to him and made me feel incompetent. He also used a camera to look in my sinsuses without waiting long enough for the numbing spray to kick in. It was the most painful thing I've ever felt and even though I was in obvious pain, he kept jamming the camera up into my sinuses. He was a horrible and rude doctor who I would never, ever recommend to anyone.  	1	5	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	1	Excellent bed side manner and helped diagnose a tough case.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	0	My first colonoscopy was painless and Dr.Perdue was very pleasant and caring.  Thank You!!! 	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	Very knowledgable and helpful.  Took more time than most others I have seen.  Very thorough.  Performed a colonoscopy on me and it went very well, little discomfort and great bedside manner.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	-1	Gave me an extremely painful colonoscopy, no mercy! 	3	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	Very personable and knowledgeable. He's easy to talk to and he LISTENS. When he doesn't know something he researches it. Not afraid to refer. Funny.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	1	Friendly and easy to talk to. He has an accent (Japanese) but it is very easy to understand him. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	Very understanding, caring and knowledgeable. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	Excellent Dr. HIred him after Gar Truck hit me..done great job. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
71	1	Very caring and extremely good at explaining what was going on with my ilness and how he was going to treat it. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
72	-1	This is the worst dr. I have ever been to. I felt like she didn't care about me at all, all I was to her was another pay check and she rushed through me. On my first visit for a physical and the establish care, it took 10 minutes and I was out of there. She told me she was going to take a minute to look at my records that I had brought in and she didn't, all she did was give them to her nurse, who took photocopies and gave the packet back. I asked her about getting back on my medication, and the only thing she advised was to schedule for labs, and she will see me in a year....A YEAR, I need the medication before then. I recommend her to no one. I guarantee if I walked into her office 20 minutes after that appt.  she wouldn't even recognize me 	3	5	1	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
73	1	. Awesome 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
74	1	I would highly recommend Dr Grace Peterson to anyone. She always takes her time to answer questions and is very careful to not miss anything. If need be she refers to a specialist and she is such a great doctor! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
74	1	I rated this Dr. High because she makes sure that everything is look at until the problem is dealt with. She is the kind of Dr. who will stay on you to do your part and is straigh forward with you about your medical problem. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
75	1	Excellent doctor. He gave me back my life when other doctors couldn't seem to find the answer to my health issues. Saved my life. Plain and simple. Quiet man but very knowledgable and excellent surgeon. He came highly recommended and I would highly recommend him to others. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
75	1	I cannot believe someone would say Dr. Phenkhus is rude. You cannot find a more caring Dr. I had Ovarian Cancer and he was my surgeon. I coudnt of asked for a better Dr/Surgeon.  I owe my life to him! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
75	1	Dr.Penkhus has met my needs with my pregnancy so far. Having a high risk pregnancy I felt he knew exactly how to keep me calm and my baby healthy. I can understand why some have said the do not like him, he is quick, quiet and old fashioned. For myself that is what worked. He knew much information on my situation and many doctors had no clue how to handle it. I actually changed to him my 14th week of pregnancy do to hi knowledge. If you are looking for a dr that is very personal then he may not be for you but this was about the life of my child. He knows his stuff. 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
75	-1	This is the worst doctor I have ever seen!  He did not answer my questions.  Even the pharmacist said: I hope your doctor game you mroe information about the prescription than he gave to me!  (had hadn't so I was stuck calling back for more information).  He mumbles when he talk.  I asked:  what should I do if I have more problems with this&#63; and he didn't give me an answer.   No surprise that this is the only OBGYN in Mankato who I could see within 2 weeks - every other doctor was booked but this guy wasn't!  I would rather drive to another town than see this loser again! 	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
75	1	Dr. Penkhus delivered all three of my wife and my children. The first was an emergency c-section and Dr. Penkhus did perfect.  Second was a planned c-section and again all went well, the third was natural and that went great (I was just watching).  Thank you Dr. Penkhus for bringing into this world safely our three children!  Dr. Penkhus is a awesome Dr. and person. A rating high enough does not exist on this page.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
75	-1	Dr. Penkus is very rude and condescending. I would not recommend him to anyone. 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
76	1	This lady is the best...sticks her neck out for patients..sincerely wants to give them the best solutions to their problems..a tough cookie...she saved my life...you cannot find any better. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
77	1	This Doctor help me with yearly physical to finding out why I have swelling in between my fingers and instead of fooling around he went and asked a collage of what he should do and he sent me to a specialist . He is also a baby Doctor.  HE IS EXCELLANT DOCTOR! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
78	-1	Dr. Peller after treating me 3 times over 8 weeks sent me to a specialist, the surgeon shook his head wrote a prescription and cured me in days. Meanwhile Dr. Peller  is still down stairs making patients wait over an hour plus only to be rudely and quickly misdiagnosed and mistreated. Never again.  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	1	Dr. Peller is an awesome doctor. He's amazing. He's so kind and fun.  Highly Recommended! 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
79	1	Dr Pattee has been my doctor for more than 10 years. He is the most knowledgeable doctor I have ever consulted. He is kind and never hurries.I am a lawyer by training and have experience with a number of doctors over the years, he is the greatest.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
79	1	Enters the room with his agenda. Allows one,maybe two questions then cuts you off. Comes to quick simple diagnosis and misses the big picture of a serious illness. Gets up and leaves the room before patient is finished trying to explain problems. This is a change for him in the last few years. I would no longer consider him a good doctor. 	4	5	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	I find Dr. Pattee to be very personable and easy to talk with on any medical subject I bring to him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
79	1	Very personable.  Listens well and takes time to explain what is wrong and how to best treat it.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
80	1	Dr. Pemberton treated my cancer with total colectomy and j-pouch construction. He's helped me through more than one surgery, allowing me to try new ways to recover quickly that other hospitals have not offered. I've only had good experiences and trust that he knows what he's doing. The only downside is that there is no protocol for a post-op follow up visit or call to make sure things are going well. That would be icing on the cake.  	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
80	1	Very good doc.  Teaches surgery at Mayo's Medical School.  Very professional staff he works with.  Removed a colorectal tumor and did temporary diverting loop illestomy and take down.  No problems at all.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
81	1	I honestly know nothing about her current staff. Dr. Persak was my son's first pediatrician, and the only complaint I have is that she moved! My son had heart issues, breathing issues, and pretty much every issue in-between, and Dr. Persak was always there to take care of him. She always squeezed him in when her schedule was full, and could always come up with a workable solution to our problems. I have not yet found a ped. to take her place, and have found myself trying to self-diagnose my son, something I never had to do when she was around. She is kind and considerate and I never understood until she left how rare it was to have a ped that understood babies with heart and asthma issues as well as she does. Highly recommended, esp. for sickly infants.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
82	1	Ewa is an excellent therapist. She has helped me to learn and grow immensely. I highly recommend her for her compassion, intelligence and success.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
83	1	. Superb!!!  Personable, caring, professional, competent!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
83	1	Provides DBT and other services at Mental Health Systems.  Co-owner of the company.  Great guy. Also supervises student therapists. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	Wonderful experience with doctor and staff. Doctor Pearson called, personally, immediately following procedure to ask how my daughter was doing. His nurse followed up the next day, as well.  Why can't ALL doctors and nurses be like this&#63;&#63;! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
85	-1	She was rude and is not a warm person and not very helpful. 	4	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	. very highly recommended, very pleasant,& trust worthy 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
86	1	My wife had Dr. Peterson when he practiced in the Naperville area of Illinois. He is an outstanding and caring physician. You folks in St. Paul are so fortunate to have him. Our loss is truly your gain. 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	Very friendly and reassuring right away. Two other physicians missed my diagnosis, but he tested for the &quot;rare&quot; problem and found it. Much more discussion of studies and research into my syndrome. He made us feel a part of the decision to go ahead with the procedure. I had been to Mayo and Abbott but this was so much more personal and every bit as professional (I think he trained at Mayo). He did the ablation procedure himself and explained everything to my family. I would recommend him with no hesitation.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
87	0	Dr. Parker does know some functional medicine and helps with some complex cases, but she did not help me.  I have an immune deficiency that she didn't know how to handle nor did she know how to handle the many virus' I had.  I wasted one year with her.  She is definitely not a Lyme expert either. 	2	4	3	2 	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	She is a very compassionate doctor who really tries to help you.  She is not experience with complex, difficult cases like Lyme disease with other medical issues and has her limitations on how she can help. She has training in functional medicine, but she is so new at it and her knowledge is limited.  	3	5	4	3 	Insurance:Medicare
87	1	Dr. Parker works at two different places that take insurance.  She is an experienced MD, but also has a wonderful background in holistic practices.  She gave me more comprehensive care than ever before.  After she found and undiagnosed food allergy, I was able to cure a variety of problems for free, by simply omitting it from my diet.  She changed my life for the better! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	He listens carefully to my concerns. He remembers me and can pronounce my unusual name. He doesn't treat me like I don't know anything about my own health. He cares.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
88	1	I have been seeing Dr. Pallas for at least 15 years and he has always been a warm and caring physician. He treats me with respect and a genuine concern.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
88	1	Great person. Treats you as if you were his only patient 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	. Excellent very friendly Doctor! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
90	-1	Very rude bedside manner.frequently changes mind.says one thing and does another.willing to do injections all day when they don't work.won't give you anything for pain or help you sleep or relax afterwads. think more training would help him 	1	1	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
90	-1	Staff rarely returns phone calls; when they do they are unprepared or not able to help you.  Wouldn't wish this clinic on anyone...we got so fed up we switched clinics.  They are either overworked or incompetent and I'm leaning toward incompetent.  	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:Workers Comp
91	-1	 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
91	0	dr perrone is one of the OBs that i see in the group.being 37 weeks pregnant and refusing to be induced (normal non stress test, good baby movement,healthy heart rate, and baby growing though on the small end of normal) he stated he wanted to check my dilation. as he was doing cervix check stated &quot;just going to scrape something&quot;-he swept my membranes WITHOUT my consent.my birth plan that he has read clearly states no interventions. he was clear on my intentions. as i stated my anger i was dismissed.-the receptionist called later that day to again push induction even after a lengthy conversation as to why i didnt want it and they could provide no proof as to why it was necessary other than baby is on small side of normal. i wanted to forewarn other soon to be mothers about this scenario of my membranes being &quot;swept&quot; by this physician.(update:) after seeng another dr for second opinion, AND A THIRD, the stated all the reasons i should NOT be induced- i decided to change drs.  	3	4	2	3 	Insurance:HealthPartners
92	1	I have been seeing Dr Petrie for over three years . He is very thorough,always polite to the point, direct which is what I like.He takes his time and listens to your concerns.A good family doctor.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
92	1	He is a good Doctor. When I didn't feel right he would do tests and refer if needed. And did not give up until I felt right. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
93	1	Dr Pena was very to the point was very proffesional and I felt he was the best dr to do this type of surgeryif you are looking for a Dr that is real fluffy type of dr he is not that .He was very direct but and excellent surgery I had a bone spur and had to have my achilies tenton detracted and reattached.and the bone spur removed. the surgery has a very long recovery time his office was excellent at answering any questions and would always return your messagesIf you would have to have ankle surgery I would put dr Pena top on my list  of dr To do this type of surgery just know he can be very blunt but an awesome dr 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
93	1	i fount Dr. Pena very helpful and insightful. I have extreme complications due to my diabetic condition. I appreciated the time taken and ability to educate me regarding my condition, options, and followup. His surgical skills were top notch. My life is better as a result of his work. I have much more mobility, no longer need leg braces, and now pain free. His staff are also excellent as they are skilled, explain what they are doing with me, provide information for my own self management. Overall, a great health team and I heartfelt recommend the Pena team for others.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
93	-1	This guy shouldn't be allowed to practice. I can't go into everything he did wrong on my ankle and foot - suffice it to say I looked for an attorney until I realized no doctor will testify against another doctor. I had another doctor recently tell me he didn't even think the surgery I had was necessary. I was sent home 2 hrs. after this major foot surgery, bleeding through the ill-fitting cast, diabetic, dizzy. Needed 2-3 cast changes after that. Went to ER due to pain: doctor left stitch in me, screw in foot came loose. Keep in mind I'm diabetic, and he knew it. Had to re-operate on foot; no improvement in foot function - in fact, it's worse! It's affecting my gait and pain level in my back. I've had one knee replacement & need the other one done this fall. He's a pompous little guy who thinks he can do no wrong. Dug around my foot w/o anesthetic until I told him no more, unless he used a pain killer. He told me it would take too long for the anesthetic to work.... STAY AWAY!!! 	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
94	1	Very thorough, and helpful. I would definitely recommend her. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
95	1	I have been under his care carological for five years both as inpatient and outpatient. His superb medical knowledge and treatment are equaled by his personal interest in each patient and by his professional manner and warmth.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
95	1	Very Professional 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
96	1	Best doctor for any need.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
97	-1	I saw this doctor in 2001, after my long standing ENT doctor refused to do surgery, saying it would not be advantageous.  Dr. P suggested a tympanoplasty, assuring it would be beneficial.  I had heard great things about this physician and agreed.  After surgery, I had multiple complications and this doctor would not listen to any of my complaints, which included swelling, loss of taste, an inner ear infection, mold in my ear, and severe headaches.  Eventually the tube that was placed in the eardrum fell &quot;inside&quot; to the middle ear rather than out.  I went back to my original ENT doctor and begged him to continue to treat me. He agreed to and after several months of antibiotics and visits, I had this ear operated on again because the eardrum eventually collapsed and had to be rebuilt.   Maybe I was a more complex patient than what he was used to treating; I'm not sure.  I think the most fearful thing was that he didn't listen or seem to have compassion for me. 	3	4	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
97	1	I had sudden deafenss in one ear. He was amazing.  I can now hear again and was exceptionally pleased.  He was very pleasant and kind as well too. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
97	-1	Absolutely worthless.I went to him via a referral from my local audiologists after hours of testing in which they determined what my problem was, and then sent me to this expert to have it fixed. They sent my paper work with me to give to him, to make sure he got it. He didn't even look at it, and asked me questions trying to fit me into a disease I didn't have and wanting me to do a procedure that didn't apply. I insisted I had a fistula, he looked at my paperwork finally, and agreed. Then he had me come in for testing I had already done, and decided it was the left side instead of the right side I had the problem on. I thought, okay, well, I'll trust him and have surgery on it, and if it doesn't help then we know it was the right side and I'll get surgery on the other ear. Surgery didn't help, and I went back a few weeks later, he refused to listen to me, insisted it was indeed the left ear, and dismissed me. Now I have to find someone who will do the correct surgery. Waste of time. 	3	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
97	1	As with most doctors he was in a hurry and I had waited two hours past my appointment. 	2	1	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
