dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	-1	I have Hashimoto's and felt that I was still very hypothyroid inspite of having tried different medications.  Actually I was on Armour at this point after years of trying Synthroid and while it was the best I had done I still had a great deal of edema on my legs and abdomen.  He walked in, no eye contact, looked at my chart and said loose weight.  He initially did not examine me, did no testing, and did not ask me about my level of exercise or habits of eating (they were excellent). He disagreed with how my current endocrinologist was treating me, and gave new advice for the med.  I ended up with my TSH going back to 19, and in far worse shape.  My hearing specialist at the Mayo had set this appointment up since my sudden hearing loss in both ears came at the same time as my TSH being very high.  If he had any knowledge to help with my severe edema and other hypthyroid symptoms he certainly didn't present this during my appointment.  He walked out within 5 minutes of walking in.  	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	1	Dr. Forrester is extremely patient and helpful.  She takes the time to listen to her patients and to explain the various tests/procedures.  She is very good and I'd recommend her to others.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
3	1	I have been seeing Dr. Fitch for over 5 years and she is incredible. She is so very caring and understanding. I don't know what I would do if she left Park Nicollet..I've never had such a wonderful doctor.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
3	1	She is very caring and treats each patient with the respect they deserve.  She doesn't just label you and then treat you like that label.  She treats you like an individual.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
3	1	I've been seeing her for several years and I adore her.  My old psychiatrist didn't have a nurse, or emergency appointments.  It didn't matter how poorly I was doing, I only saw her every six to eight weeks.  With Dr. Fitch, I think the longest period of time I have gone between appointments was eight weeks.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
3	1	 	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	0	She's young and not very open to new ideas. 		4	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	A kind and courteous physician. He also explained things clearly and answered all of our questions.  He took his time and made us feel very comfortable and cared for. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	-1	He insisted that four years of back pain was only &quot;sore muscles&quot; and I should exercise more. I finally switched doctors and got an x-ray - it's severe scoliosis. If Dr. Fink had listened to me four years ago it would not have gotten this bad. His priority seems to be to write the maximum number of prescriptions.  	3	3	1	2 	Insurance:HealthPartners
6	1	Dr. Fischer is great- very approachable, knowledgable, and direct. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	Knowledgable and helpful, friendly and very practical in her approach to treating the problem.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	1	Went there after a persistent yeast infection. She wanted to hear the story from the very beginning, took her time to listen and was friendly and very helpful. Will definitely see her again.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
6	0	Not very detailed and leaves me with many unanswered questions. 	3	3	3	2 	Insurance:Unknown
6	-1	 	1	4	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	Dr. Frederick and her staff stay very current with the state of dentistry today. They care and it shows. I learn something new with each and every visit. She presents treatment plans as if I were a family member.  I love my smile and the compliments from others about it! (Male in his 50's) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
7	1	Great Dentist, very nice and caring. Her staff is great, very professional and helpful. Doctor is very skilled, helped me with my gum disease- used a laser! I would highly recommend her. I am thinking about doing 6 month braces with her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
8	1	Great doctor.  Very caring.  Would recommend him highly.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
8	1	He is my heart transplant and was my CHF doctor. He is wonderful!! He's upfront and to the point, but has a sense of humor. He's compassioniate and turely wants to get to know his patients.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
9	1	Dr Feather did a fantastic job in correcting a neck injury that I sustained during exercising. She also helped my wife recover from a bad accident. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	She's very professional and knowledgeable.  I was highly impressed with her entire consultation.  She took extensive x-rays and thoroughly explained what they indicated (contrasting it with a healthy spine).  She's excellent and very personable. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	Dr. Flannery has been wonderful. He has spent a lot of time working with us on our son's terrible reflux.  It means so much to know my son is in such good hands! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	1	I have seen Dr. Flynn at the Urgent Care in Roseville, MN.  He was extremely thorough and very easy to talk with.  He was excellent with my daughter and was very knowledgeable.   I would highly recommend him! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
12	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	-1	. Very impatient! 	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	Great psychiatrist!! Has been helping me with my depression and ADHD meds and is a very good doctor.  Very trustworthy and caring.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
14	-1	Dr. Fox did a lot of testing but would not show me the results.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	Extremely helpful to adolescent client.  Very straightforward and respectful. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	0	Gave a misdiagnosis and less than empathetic. 	5	2	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	very helpful consultant. Excellent fund of knowledge 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	-1	Doctor did not want to answer any questions or talk about his report.  		3	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
16	1	Dr.Daniel Faber is the best doctor i have seen he is very caring understanding and will explain everything about your condition. he will not give up on anything until he finds a way to help you get better. and is the most respectful and caring dr. i have ever seen. i will follow him to where ever he goes.  he deserves the very best i will recommend himto anone that needs a great dr!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
17	-1	this doctor could not find a reason for my 2 week old sons ailments and instead of referring us to someone who may be able to help (such as the Mayo clinic) she refused because it was not in her network. The care of my son was not as important as the &quot;bonus&quot; check they receive when referring children to clinics outside their network.  When I tried to contact her to understand the process of referrals and networks she refused to take my call. I in no way wanted an argument. I wanted understanding of her position as a doctor and mine as a patient trying to find proper care for my son. I hope she understands the world of hurt she put us through.  Glad to say I was able to find a way to get my son to the Mayo clinic without her help and hes a healthy sweet 7year old today :) 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:HealthPartners
18	1	Went from needing glasses to 20/20 vision after LASIK procedure! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	I have been using Dr. Finell for years. He is very knowledgeable, understanding and listens. He cares about your family history so to help with your own medical issues. I would highly recommend Dr. Finell.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
19	-1	Seems to busy to really pay attention to his patients.  	1	2	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	1	I have always have excellent care from Dr. Freeman and his staff.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	-1	I went to him numerous times to complain about dizziness, his response was &quot;I don't know what is wrong with you it will have to be something your going to have to live with!&quot;  I went to another Dr. and he diagnosed me correctly. I had a New Cholesteatoma! TUMOR Jackass!!!!!!!!crappy bedside manner and diagnosis all wrapped up in one! what a winner!!! 	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	Dr. Freitas always spends time with me to address my concerns, and treats me as a whole person (both physical and emotional).  She is never hurried, and is genuine and kind.  She took great care of me after the delivery of my first baby and helped me through a stressful breastfeeding experience and post-partum depression.   I would highly recommend her!! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
22	1	I have been a patient of Dr Fisher since I relocated to Minneapolis 10 years ago. I am devastated that she has moved on and I like many others are trying to track her down. I hope she is happy wherever she is. I only ever saw her on average once every couple of years but she treated me like a returning friend everytime. I am looking for a new practice now as Allina has lost its comforting environment and turned into a well oiled machine.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
22	1	I am SICK upon learning that Dr. Fisher is no longer at Allina.  She is absolutely the best at what a doctor should be.  I always felt that she LISTENED and cared about me.  I pray she opens a practice and please if someone hears let all of us who love her know.  I've seen 2 other doctors at Allina on emergency basis and they looked at me as if I were nothing more than the patient number on their chart.  Not Dr. Fisher.  And like some other folks mentioned, she was often late, but I know from experience that it was because she was with a patient who needed her.  Good luck finding a doctor who gives a damn about you the way Dr. Fisher does. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	I miss Dr. Fisher, she is the best doctor I have ever had.  She was the kind of doctor that you felt like you could be totally honest with and she always made you feel comfortable. When I came into the office she had a way of making you feel like a friend not a patient.  Also she always seem to be pretty quick at returning to the room to help you instead of letting you sit there for ever. We love you and miss you. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	I am so very sad she is no longer with Allina clinic.  She listened and really cared.  I too am trying to find out where she went. She was very knowledgable on many subjects and when a referral was necessary sent me to excellent doctors.  I miss her already.  It is difficult to find a doctor that is caring and professional.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
22	1	She is the best doctor I hve had in years.  She always listened and made sure all my concerns were taken care of.  I was trying to find where she went when I came across this site.  	5	1	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	1	Both my husband and I saw Dr. Fisher for our primary care. Like many people have reported, she honestly listened and spent time to care for her patients. I came upon this site only because I was googling to find out where she went. I will no longer go to Allina Clinic now that she is gone. I saw another physician there and was unimpressed.  	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	1	I too was heart broken when I got the letter that Dr. Fisher was leaving the allina clinic.She is the BEST.  Does anyone know where she is going&#63; 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
22	1	I have just learned that Monica Fisher is leaving the Alina clinic. I go to that clinic only because she is there. Never before have I encountered a medical professional who is more attentive or effective. I am broken-hearted. I hope that I will be able to locate her new practice. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	I agree with the other positive reviews Dr. Fisher CARES! I too started by seeing another doctor at this clinic and only saw Dr. Fisher after my regular Dr. was unavailable. I switched that day to Dr. Fisher! That said she does run late, but that is due to the fact that she is constantly trying to provide true care. When is the last time your doctor would discuss one of your concerns for 45 minutes. I hate my insurance company and don't really like my clinic either but Dr. Monica Fisher is worth it! I have and will continue to beg her to open her own practice as anyone who cares about her patients that much should. If you are old enough to remember when a family doctor would sit you down to discuss any issue or call a patient at 7:00PM just to make certain that everything was OK with a current injury or concern then you already know what a visit to Dr. Fisher is like. Dr. Fisher don't ever stop being the great caring doctor that you always have been! 	4	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	I saw another doctor at this clinic at first.  I saw Monica Fisher once when my regular doctor was not available.  I asked to switch to her as my primary. She really seems to care.  She also seems to remember you.  I agree with the last comment that she spends a lot of time with her patients..which is why she is often running late, but that is OK because she gives you 100% too.  	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
22	1	I didn't see Medica listed in the insurance choices. I have been seeing Monica Fisher for several years and she cares soooo very much about her patients, in fact, if anything, that is her downfalls, she probably spends too much time with each patient so she's usuually running late (I just make my appointments early). She also care very much about the medical industry and how to find ways to treat her patients well and fair and gets frustrated with the hoops we all have to jump through just to get to see our doctor. She openly talks about her children, pets, etc. I would have left this clinic a long time ago if it weren't for her, the staff has been rude and like militant robots and terrible phone manners. Now with that said, the last two times I have been there, I've had perfectly acceptable service so things may have changed. Monica Fisher is the most compassionate doctor I've ever had and recommend her every chance I get! 	1	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	-1	I found this doctor did not listen well to my concerns, lacking in skill and judgement.  		3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	-1	This doctor is no doubt a good surgeon.  However - with the family member he treated - Dr. Fennel never took the situation seriously enough, so did not treat the hand injury as it should have been.  This has resulted in major long term pain and disability, which wouldn't have happened if the injury had been taken seriously and treated correctly from the start.  Dr. Fennel's attitude with the 6+ office visits and long distance phone calls was always too dismissive for the seriousness of the situation.  Family member ended up at Mayo in Rochester MN due to the complications that arose from the neglectful medical care through Dr. Fennell.  The top hand surgeon and 5 other had surgeon docs were in on the meeting - they were appalled at the lack of care our family member received through Dr. Fennell 	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	Had distal bicep complete tear in 1997. Dr. Fennell is the AMA expert for this injury and did a super job on my arm. He laid out the rehab time and exercises, phased in over about 15 months. Since then I got back to my typical 60 rounds of golf per year, with no pain, 100% functionality, and no loss of golf distance/strength or accuracy. Without the surgery, I would not be able to open a door or lift a glass without pain. Thinking back, it was obvious that the operating room nurses liked to work with Dr.Fennell, as he is very knowledgeable(knows and applies the research), very skilled with muscle reconstruction, very skilled with stitching(virtually no scars), is a team player, and is a caring doctor. I am also familiar with Dr. Fennell's excellent and well-respected work on arms/fingers for very difficult cases involving brain-injured patients. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	She is very knowledgable, helpfu and friendly! I have recommended her to many of my friends!! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	Great personality. Loves children. She listens well.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	Amazing doctor.  Very caring and thorough.  My kids adore her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	1	Love Doctor Fisher, and have been seeing him for probably around 15 years, and i will soon be to old to visit him anymore! :( He is a great doctor, and is very caring.  He always does a thorough exam, never leaving anything out! I highly recommend doctor Fisher! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	1	A wonderful, caring doctor that my kids have been seeing for years.  He really relates to the kids, and they love him! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
27	1	Very professional.  Young and enthusiastic and actually got the feeling that he wanted to help.  I didnt feel like a normal &quot;patient&quot;, i felt like he actually cared about my overall health. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	I have been treated for Peripheral Neuropathy by Dr. Francis for a number of years. I have always found her to be both brillant and caring, which seems to be a rare combination these days. I would highly reccomend her to anyone suffering a similar condition.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	1	Compassionate. Brilliant. Treated my SOD when no one else could.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	1	When no one else could relieve my pain, Dr. Freeman was a godsend.  He has done 2 procedures on me and I feel great.  I can eat anything I want.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
30	1	 	4	2	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
31	-1	I found Dr. Foster-Smith to be very professional as well as personable.  His diagnosis was right on and the care I received was excellent. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
32	-1	My dad went from Type I urinary cancer to dying of Type IV liver cancer under Dr. Flynn. In one case a tumor was found in Feb - treatment didn't start until APRIL!! When it was clear dad's cancer was terminal, Dr. Flynn gave him 6 months to prepare his things - he was dead in 13 days. Horrible horrible doctor.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Tricare
33	1	Wonderful doctor!  Spends time and listens. The best! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
33	-1	Had a horrible post partum experience with Dr Flom. I had second degree lacerations at the time of my delivery and had to go in early at three weeks for my post partum visit because of excrutiating pain that was not getting better.(at 3 weeks post partum) She said I was not helaing right and will probaly need repeat surgery to fix things.Also told me I was infected, yet did not prescribe anti-biotics. Told me to return in 3 weeks. I went to another OB/GYN who did prompt surgery in a week's time and told me I had deeper tissue infection. If I had listened to Dr Flom would have suffered and pprobably ended up with some kind of permanent damage. Also was very rude with my husband when he expressed his concerns over my condition.They do not understand that post partum pain if not treated well can be a major cause of post partum depression!! I felt that my doctor just did not care.  Staff was polite though, always had to wait 15-30 minutes to see my doc, sometimes longer!! 	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	1	She is the best OB out there!! Very intelligent and works for the PATIENT.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
34	-1	I was not impressed with my service though CentraCare with Lauren Forest. She was biased, judgmental, and made unrealistic recommendations on how to handle my disorders. Furthermore, I feel she did a poor job listening, and didn't grasp the full situation. I was offended that she had told me to &quot;just learn to cope&quot; and &quot;quit my job because everything is out of my control.&quot; Though with grabbing a copy of my medical records, non of this is documented. She failed to document over half of what we had talked about within our hour sessions. I feel I have wasted my time, and that I would have had better luck with a different psychologist.  	2	2	1	2 	Insurance:Anthem
35	1	Great experience working with Dr. Flanigan!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
36	-1	.  	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:HealthPartners
37	1	I would highly recommend Dr. Fisher. Dr. Fisher takes all the time you need and explains things very well.  She is a very caring person.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
37	1	First Gyn to take my pain concerns seriously, and be proactive with regard my reproductive help. Made decisions that would benefit my fertility instead of endanger it. Listens empathetically and takes time to ensure she listens to every presented concern and question. Staff is excellent about returning phone calls and answering concerns in a timely manner. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	Fantastic Dentist, as long as I live in the twin cities I will continue to go to him. I have recommended him to my friends and family. Great staff as well. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	The best dentist I have ever had.  I don't currently live in Minnesota, but see him for all my dental care. He does terrific, meticulous work. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	I have to say he is one of the best dentist I have seen in many years, I was even late on my last check up by almost 30 minutes but he took me during his lunch break and completed my checkup. He is also honest and tells you what you have to have done and what you dont have to have done.  Best office staff I have interacted with in years and Im in healthcare.  Glad I found this office.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
38	1	When I broke out my front teeth on Labor Day, he was the only dentist out of the some 25 I called that was willing to come in and fix it for me right away. He said, &quot;That's an emergency, and I will make time for you.&quot; He did, and he did without making me feel like a jerk for ruining his vacation. I decided to continue going to him, and every time I've found him to be thorough, talented, and kind. Additionally, he doesn't try to make conversation when he's got something in my mouth. Awesome. There's nothing worse than trying to talk around a tooth-cleaning device. I've recommended him to all of my friends/coworkers/anyone-who-even-kind-of-brings-up-dentistry, and I've only heard praise for him. He is fantastic. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	Excellent attention to patients, thorough, listens carefully and responds to specific patient concerns, asks follow up questions, makes sure he understands the situation and the patient care needs.  Refers to specialists when appropriate. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	I have found Dr. Fedje-Johnston to be patient, kind, personally concerned, and professionally very competent. If you're looking for a family doctor, I'd recommend him highly.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
40	1	Dr. Florey is a great doctor.  He listens well, and is very down to earth.  He is easy to talk to and feel comfortable around.  I see his in the shakopee allina office.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
41	0	have not checked carefully.. 	1	4	5	1 	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	This doctor goes above average for his patients is willing to take time to listen to their concerns.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
43	1	Gives you full attention and very knowledgeable. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	Gives you the time you need. Explains your condition.Non judgemental.  Sincere and cares about you and wants to help.  Seems quite technically competent. Seems quite dedicated to providing good sensible care. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	This site lists Dr. Famuyide's gender as female, but he is male.  	4	3	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	1	Dr. Flynn is a great doctor! I was very nervous, but I felt so much more at ease after I met her.  Very easy to talk to and she cared about the problem I had! I would definitely recommend her! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
46	1	Dr. Falk is GREAT! I had waited too long to see a doctor and had a few issues.  Dr. Flak really took his time to get to know me and explained everything very well.  I really wish that I would have found him about thirty years ago!  I ended up having a question in regard to some test results and he personally called me back and answered all the questions that I had.  I thought it would be one of his nurses that would call me, so this was a nice touch.   In all my years, I have never had a doctor show so much concern! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
46	-1	He was really nice and helpful to me until he found out I suffer from anxiety/panic attacks, then was quite dismissive of everything I came in for after that.  I do have a lengthy health history (main reason for my anxiety!).  Treated me like a person who goes 'fishing' for antianxiety meds, and basically humiliated me and I cried on my way out to the car after my visit with him.   My last visit to him was for a terrible sore throat, and I was also running a low temp.  Asked if there's a chance I might be pregnant, I answered 'yes'.  Sent me home saying I had bad heartburn.  Turned out I WAS pregnant, but he didn't bother checking for that and told me to take Prilosec (contraindicated during pregancy) which I did. :-/  Also had never heard of a medical condition that I suffer from that is not that rare.  That was the last straw for me. 	3	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
46	-1	Arrogant, argumentative, mean-spirited, self-righteous and hostile toward patient.  Refused to listen to, or take responsibility for patient's blood pressure medications not being refilled - blamed patient for not being &quot;adequately assertive&quot; in demanding a timely appointment.  Also claimed patient had been notified about the need for a semi-annual check-up by a pharmacist, contrary to reality.  	2	2	1	3 	Insurance:Medicare
46	1	Very thorough, friendly, knowlegable. I felt like he knew I was in the room and he cared about my needs. This has not been my experience in the past. I am so glad I changed clinics. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
47	1	I liked Dr. Finger, I wish he had more say on his patients at U of M , but they have to follow orders I guess. The U of M sucked, Dr. Finger great Sherry Everett 	1	4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	I recently had a tummy tuck, augmentation and lipo with Dr. Fasching.  I LOVE him!  He is so nice and a true artist and I'm amazed with the results!  Every time I see a choppy tummy tuck incision online I smile to myself thinking how perfect my incision and cute little belly button is.  You can not go wrong with Dr. Fasching!  His nurses are awesome too! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	-1	 	4	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	Wonderful experience!! Dr. Fasching is very knowledgable and also very nice. I felt 100% comfortable going forward with my tummy tuck, breast augmentation, and liposuction! So happy with my results!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	I went through breast cancer surgery with Dr. Fasching.I didn't want implants and he told me about another option I wasn't aware of. He & his staff were sooo nice throught the whole procedure. It was a hard time for us, but we are glad we had Dr. Fasching and staff on our corner.  Recently, my eye doctor wanted me to have eye surgery, but I've went back to Dr. Fasching to do it because I trust him to take good care of me.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	1	I've been very satisfied with my procedures and so have my friends. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	I travel from SD tp Mpls. to see Dr. Fasching. I have had wonderful results and can say nothing but the best about him and his team.  Truly and artist and loves to do work! Takes lots of time to explain your options and recommends what he feels would be the best for you.  He is great!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	He is a caring, intelligent doctor. He remembers things about my life in general and is always friendly.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	-1	I am disappointed by: 1. The lack of referring me to someone with more experience in the area of medicine necessary. 2. His condescending attitude and lack of taking my condition seriously  3.  His nurse-one that I've listened to complain in his office, and on the phone I've experienced she would rather get rid of you than act like she really wanted to help you. 4. Mankato Clinic: Coordinator of Family Practice-would rather dismiss a complaint than actually deal with it.  I have found my experience with both this doctor and nurse discouraging.  At one time, I rated both excellent.  I don't know if they are working in a difficult situation - it seems as if Dr Fraley has too many patients for what he can physically handle.  To me, his nurse has become not a happy person.  I don't know if this is reflective of what is happening in the clinic or from outside matters. I would recommend prospective patients take a look elsewhere-both doctor and clinic. 	1	4	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	Dr. Fraley is one of the easiest doctors to talk to.  He is friendly, knowledgeable, and puts me at ease.   I can't recommend him highly enough! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	-1	Extremely condescending. Treated me as if I were in the military.  Switched from him because of his nurse, who would rather argue than assist! 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
49	0	I would disagree and say that he was extremely condescending! But worse, was his nurse. She is the reason I switched to another Dr.  	1	3	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	1	Wonderful personality.  Explains everything thoroughly without condescention.  Very much a &quot;real&quot; person.  	 3/4/08	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	1	. Great Doctor 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	1	he's a nice enough guy, and like the person before me said, he thought he knew right away what was wrong with me and told me my life was going to get a whole lot better. however, his diagnosis was either wrong or the treatments were completely ineffective- either way, my life continues to deteriorate from my disabling problems. it's great to give people hope, not so great if it's false hope. i think he should have kept his mind open to other possibilities as well, because there were several other types of specialists at the mayo clinic i believe i really needed to see, and because he was so sure of the diagnosis he did not allow me to and i do not have the funds to go back there again. 	5	5	4	3 	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	Dr. Fischer is AMAZING!!!!!!! I am one of his patients and he is one of the best doctors I have every seen. He is EXTREMLY HELPFUL CARING AND KIND.He sat down with me and my mom and told us right off the bat that he was going to improve my quality of life and he has!!! He is POLITE, FUNNY, and CHARMING!!!!! He always took his time, when I saw him, and did his work carefully, and very well. Most of all he found me a diagnosis!!!!!!! the trip to see him at the mayo clinic was more than worth it. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
51	1	Great adjustment!  Just what I needed to feel better. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	Dr. Feyma listens, connects with parent and patient, and really wants to help.  The best Dr. we have been to for my daughter's chronic pain. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
52	-1	We would NOT recommend this pediatric neurologist. He is unprofessional and unethical. There are a lot of other choices out there; we recommend choosing someone else.  	2	2	1	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
53	1	Very thorough and serious about his work. Very pleasant to talk to and made me feel very comfortable. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
54	-1	they did nothing to help my husband the night he died.  He died in extreme pain and there is no excuse for doing nothing. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	Nevr on time, very knowledgable and friendly.  	5	1	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
55	1	Words can't express how thankful I am that God placed Alicia in my life when I needed her the most.  She was the only person that I have ever had who truly listens when you speak and is there to offer genuine comfort.  Alicia is very open minded and she helps you to feel validated in your feelings but also helps you to change areas in your life that may need fixing.  I have seen other therapists at Nystroms and other various clinics and I have yet to find somebody as genuine, caring, selfless, and knowledgable as Alicia.  She is a diamond in the rough.  The only downside is, Alicia is no longer at Nystroms and I have been searching all over the internet trying to find her because I'd really like to see her again.  If anybody knows where she is, please email me at amber.alman@mail.northcentral.edu.  Thank you, I'm desperate.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
55	1	I could never say enough about Alicia and how wonderful she is. I will  never find another therapist as long as Alicia is around. She has changed my life already and we're just getting started.She listens to everything, she remembers things you have told her in the past. She is very knowledgable and doesnt judge you for anything you say or do. I wish I could have everybody I know talk to her.  	2	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
55	1	Alicia is a wonderful therapist. She's caring, compassionate, and more like a friend than a doctor. I would recommend her to anyone I care about.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
56	0	I was double billed for the operating room for having two epidural steroid injections during the same appointment! As she kept jabbing the needle into BONE, causing much discomfort during the procedure, she told me to &quot;suck it up&quot; when I told her it hurt, before she changed the angle of the imaging apparatus and noticed she was not in the right area at all.  Horrible experience.  	3	2	1	4 	Insurance:Medicare
57	1	Dr. Filetti has been my son's pediatrician for 7 years and he has always been great.  He takes his time with us and is always kind and understanding about concerns.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
58	1	Dr. Feyereisn DOES NOT have a condescending arrogant or confrontational bone in his body!For several years, I had been suffering horrible chest pains 10 to 12 times per month. Despite having undergone a cardiac catheterization in Texas by a very reputable cardiologist,I was   told that my chest pains were definately NOT AT ALL RELATED TO MY HEART and that it was just heartburn pain. That doctor put me on  proton pump inhibitors and I continued to suffer chest pains, often in the middle of the night. I decided to go to Mayo Clinic and was lucky to get an appointment with Dr.Feyereisn.He very respectfully listened to my story and told me before even sending me for any tests that he suspected that I was having Coronary Artery Spasms caused by a heart condition called Prinzmetal's Variant Angina. His expert diagnosis was confirmed by a second cardiac catheterization done  at Mayo Clinic. My chest pains went away after treatment and I feel he saved my life. He is a kind and caring doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Assurant
58	1	I suspect he is a good doctor if you're just doing the basic physical, but he seemed to lack the inclination, or time, to effectively coordinate digging into a specific/tricky health issue with the other MDs at Mayo. He does seem to be very knowledgable of the basics though; however, he can sometime s be a bit condescending/arrogant/confrontational  in his bedside manner. 	2	2	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
59	1	He is very modest and always jovial with my kid who is his patient. My kid asks me wether we can see him for all other illness also.   Great diagnostic skills and always treats to perfection. Thanks a lot for talking such a good care of us so far. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
59	1	Dr. Ferenci has been treating my daughter since she was a  premie in 1996. She's now 12 years old. He is a &quot;straight to the point&quot; kind of guy, which works well for me. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	What a great physician.  I just can't say enough.  She took on our complicated case and has been so helpful, including communicating with the primary care physicians at home.  I can't say enough good things about her.   A+++++++ 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
61	1	I had a great experience with Dr. Frederixon, and I take my young kids to him as well. He has been practicing a very long time and comes highly recommeded by us. He cares and listens attentively to your concerns and is very thourough in coming up with a diagnosis.  	 11/7/11	5	4	5	Insurance:HealthPartners
61	1	I have been going to Dr.Frederixon for years and he is always very professional and down to earth. He always takes his time.  Dr. Frederixon has a great bedside manner and is great with my kids.  He might be a little late sometimes, but always takes his time with me and my family.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
61	1	Dr. Frederixon is an amazing doctor - I have been seeing him for years and he is not only down to earth, but very knowledgeable having years of practice and experience.  I would recommend him to absolutely ANYONE who is looking for a great doctor that takes the time with patients and not just interested in making money.   He has a true passion and does an excellent job! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
61	-1	Unprofessional, late, not very knowledgable, unwilling to admit mistakes, attempts to cover his tracks more than help a patient.  I will not be going back.  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
61	-1	I should have checked this website before I went to see a doctor. I just randomly chose this doctor from the website of the medical center and though he couldn't be too bad as he practiced 35 years. I was wrong. He is one of the worst I ever encountered. He asked a few questions less than those the nurse asked, he didn't gave me any exams only looked eyes, ear and mouth, that's it. It was wasting my time and money, really disappointing. I would not recommend this doctor. Check this site before you see a doctor if you don't know which one is good. 	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
61	-1	This doctor told me I had many other things, which I didn't. For 9 years I trusted him, and had no change.  I finally went to a different doctor and the same day he found out what was wrong with me! I do not trust this doctor and would not recommend him to my dog! 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Tricare
62	1	Was slightly skeptical visiting a chiropractor for the first time but was exceedingly impressed at how attentive Dr.vRyan was to my needs. He asked me what I wanted to get out of my treatment and showed me how I could get there. After a few visits, I was pain free for the first time in 2 years. Very Impressed. 	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	Very personable, knowledgeable, and concerned physician.  He went to great lengths to insure that I understood my diagnosis and treatment.   He spent much more time with me than what I usually experience with physicians.  I would very highly recommend Dr. Freking.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
63	1	I've been seeing Dr. Freking for 12 years for my multiple sclerosis.  He has been an outstanding source of excellent care and considerate discussions about what really matters to me.  He has always taken the time to listen and to give sound advise, even if it wasn't what I wanted to hear at times.  He always takes the time to answer all of my questions and to work with me to develop a comprehensive medical plan to manage my MS. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
63	-1	Rude, insulting and accusatory. He is the reason my disease is now incurable.  He didn't even know it was a neurological disease! 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
63	1	Great listener, very knowledgable about multiple sclerosis and treatments for the condition.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	-1	Weak nursing staff with high turnover; friendly doctor but simply overmatched for anything but the most basic care.  	1	3	2	1 	Insurance:HealthPartners
64	1	I had two foot surgeries. Excellent work.  Friendly.  The staff is nothing special, however.  	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
64	-1	Not at all impressed. Very poor nursing staff.  	2	3	2	1 	Insurance:HealthPartners
65	1	Dr. Ferry was very professional. Took time to listen and thoroughly explain things to me. Would definitely recommend him! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	Dr. Ferry is my previous family doctor few years ago until he moved to other clinics. I know Dr. Ferry has been disciplined by the medical board before. But, who else here never made any mistake before&#63; Remember, no one is perfect and everyone deserves a second chance. As long as that incident is a thing of past, you shouldn't care much. The important thing here is if he is helpful to you&#63; He is my previous family doctor. From my experience with him, he is very helpful and knowledgeable.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
65	1	I have seen Dr Ferry several times over the past few years, at the Fairview Zimmerman Clinic each time.  My rating is based on my appointments with him and I found him to be respectful and knowledgeable each time.   I was surprised to see that he has such a low rating here, and having read the past few comments, wonder if those comments were made by actual patients.  	 10/8/10	5	5	5	Insurance:HealthPartners
65	-1	I am confused about the differing opinions. I also found him to be extremely arrogant.  And, having read his medical board report (sexual misconduct with a patient) I will not be visiting him EVER again.  I don't know where other people are coming from, perhaps you feel that since it didn't happen to you, since you weren't personally victimized by it, it isn't a big deal&#63;  I can say for a FACT though; My wife or daughters WILL NOT be seen or treated by a man who has been reprimanded by our own State medical board for having SEXUAL MISCONDUCT with a patient.  I suspect... that Dr. Ferry has been adding his own comments or having his friends add comments to this website. One in particular stating 'I followed him from Woodbury to Zimmerman' I find that very difficult to believe even if he was a great doctor that someone would drive over 60 miles one way just to go to the doctor. After further reading, I learned that his new position is his 3rd job in 4 years.  RED FLAG goes up for me.  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
65	-1	I wouldn't trust a dr who has a history of sexual misconduct with patients and HIS OWN NURSE. It's not a mystery why he has to keep moving from health system to health system and further and further away from the metro.  	2	2	2	1 	Insurance:HealthPartners
65	-1	I don't know if I can trust a Dr. who keeps moving from clinic to clinic.  	5	5	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
65	1	I cannot condone some of his past decisions and I have no information to judge what what happened with his past / current personal relationships.  Dr. Ferry was my doctor, my wife's, and delivered our first two children.  He took personal interest in ensuring good care, listened, and worked very hard to ensure my satisfaction.  I was very disappointed when he left Allina Woodbury.  From a professional perspective he is a fantastic doctor and I would highly recommend.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
65	1	Dr.Ferry is a great doctor. I wish he didn't move so far away. HE LOVES what he does he is very helpful and very knowledgeable. He takes his work very serious. My daughter and I were patients of his before he left Woodbury for about 4 years. I have told many people about Dr.Ferry and everyone that i have referred to him has loved him as much as my daughter and myself. I know I miss him at Woodbury along with many others but the people of Zimmerman are very lucky to have Dr.Ferry!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
65	-1	Dr. Ferry has a poor bedside manner. He does not take enough time with patients and has a very arrogant attitude.  		5	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
65	1	I thought Dr. Ferry was great! He took time with me and answered all my questions. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
65	-1	If you make a request from the MN Board of Doctors you will received a documentation several pages long on Dr. Ferry. He has a history of sexual misconduct with patients & nurses alike. 		3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	I was a caregiver for my husband at Mayo Clinic and at that time experienced an irregular heart beat. I was seen by Dr. Foley (very polite and attentive)and put through many tests.  He discovered a heart problem and assisted me with it.  I live out-of-state and if I had a question, he would return my call. He recommended a doctor from Northwestern Hospital....which is in my area.  I would highly recommend him. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
67	-1	Dr Feely treated me like a drug addict rather then a patient. He offered no advice on my situation and instead seemed to try to dismiss me as quickly as possible. Most time spent with him was under five minutes per visit.  	5	3	1	3 	Insurance:CIGNA
68	0	I did not get a thorough checkup.  He asked very few questions.  	3	3	2	3 	Insurance:Anthem
69	1	Very caring, willing to listen, and thorough in dealing with patients.  Easy to talk to. Acts like a human...not a machine. Willing to contact other doctors if more info is needed.  Not arrogant. For over 14+ years our family has never had a bad experience with Dr. Franta.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
70	1	Jill Freeman is a fabulous urologist!  She is extremely nice and listened to every consern and answered every question I asked.  Jill took her time and thoroughly listened to me.  I will defiantly use her as a permanent urologist.  I was extremely pleased with her services.  The nurses and staff were extremely friendly as well.  I felt very comfortable during my appointment. 	 2/12/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
70	-1	I have never been so insulted in my life.  I work for the same Allina hospital chain and wanted to be seen within my network to maximize my benifits.  I was having severe abdominal pain and urinating A LOT of blood. The office set me up with Jill Freeman who turned out to be a nurse practitioner (I usually trust them just as well) So I needed a CT scan and they automaticly set me up with one of their contracted services.  I asked them politely if I could stay within the Allina network, and the nurse ARGUED with me.  &quot;It's the same, we use them!&quot;  Its NOT the same as far as insurance coverage, and working for the company I know this!  So I got on the computer in the exam room and pointed out ALL the places I could go within Allina.  The nurse stormed out and was complaining to OTHER nurses about how difficult I was trying to be&#63;!&#63;!  I am just PROACTIVE about my heath care!  I ended up needing emergency care later that day.   Another note-appt time was for 40 minutes-was seen less than 10 	1	3	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
71	1	He knows what he's doing. Very helfull and polites!!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
71	1	Really knows what he is doing and is on top of things! 	 11/6/06		4	5	Insurance:Unknown
71	1	Very helpful and always goes the extra mile to help you and accomodate you. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	Never returns calls. Very difficult to get your return appt. scheduled. Runs 1-3 hours behind. Once you are in the appt he is very helpful. The staff at the desk makes excuses and tells you they can send a message but he probably will not reply. Not very professional staff. Seen him 4 times. I like him as a doctor but must be over booked all of the time. 	1	1	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
73	-1	Dr. Fong did not help me. He said he could. He took my money. He made the issue worse. I went back to tell him, and he did not care.  He didn't offer any apology. He didn't offer to redo the procedure, and he did not offer my money  back. He basically didn't care. A problem he said he could improve, he actually made 100% worse. And he didn't even care. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	Very professional, very skilled doctor. He is thorough and caring. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
74	1	I saw Dr. Freeman for an eye exam and contact lenses.  I waited about 10 minutes for my appointment.  She was friendly yet professional, and I felt very comfortable trusting her with my vision. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
75	1	She is very knowledgeable doctor. She ruled out that there was a problem with placenta on my ultrasound and admittied to hospital right away.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Sask Health
76	1	Very smart doctor, the only thing was I don't agree with what he said was NOT causing my symptoms. he diagnosed me with agenesis of corpus callosum and septo optic dysplasia, reffered me to an endocrinologist but also said there isn't much anyone can do for me. he did fully explain my diagnosis and showed me what he was talking about on my CT scan. I feel more could have been done to make my life bearable though, through medications.  But he was the FIRST nuero that gave me the correct diagnosis so at least now I know what I am dealing with:) 	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:Medicare
76	-1	During my initial visit to Dr. Farache I was impressed with his thoroughness with ordering tests. Unfortunately, during my follow-up appointments he not only contradicted information he relayed to me previously, but he was condescending, scoffed at me for reporting symptoms that he stressed I should report immediately if I experienced any. He gave me outdated information regarding a disease that he speculated I had, which contradicted information I found at the mayo clinic's website as well as several others. There is a definite language barrier as well, he is difficult to understand and often mistakes words: example: term Abortion was used when &quot;miscarriage&quot; would have been accurate.  	5	2	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
76	1	Dr. Mustafa is awesome. I think he is the best neurologist ever. I wish we had more doctors like him in this area.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
77	1	Spends the most time with me of any Dr. Ive ever been to discussing several things per visit and asks about coverage in an effort to save me money.  Very professional, cares a ton.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
77	1	I've seen Dr Feyda for a number of years now and he goes out of his way to help his patients.  He has a lot of concern for them, listens to them and explains what is happening and any needed treatment very well 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
77	1	 	5	2	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	Dr.Chris is very friendly ,very good listener and clarifies all my queries with lot of clarity.  Vinod (Woodbury) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
78	1	Dr.Foss really listened as I described my symptoms. He then ordered the neaded tests to be conducted, and was able to make a diagnoses (hypothyroid), and prescribed the needed medicine. My condition was previously overlooked by another Physician at a former clinic in which I was going. Both my Wife and I really appreciate the fact that Dr.Foss is thorough, and very compassionate. I would highly recommend Dr.Foss to anyone.Thank you.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
78	1	My visits to see Dr. Foss over the last three years have all been very positive. I see Dr. Foss as a very gentle physician and wants to make you comfortable. He listens to you as a patient, and is very knowledgeable about the latest medicines, tests, etc. He is very complete with his evaluations. I would refer him to anyone. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	I love Dr. Falconer. I have been going to him for years and trust him very much. He has always been very informative and helpful with my wrist. If I have questions, he always takes his time to explain. I rate him with the Doctors that first did my surgery at Mayo. 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
79	0	Dr. Falconer of Summit Orthopedics was clearly overscheduled.  We waited 45 mins to see him. He spent 2 mins with us diagnosing our daughter's broken arm, and in that time managed to be condesending and arrogant!  His staff isn't much better.  They are presumptive and assume that their lack of communication is YOUR problem to deal with.  Would not recommend this practice at all.  	2	1	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
79	-1	My wife waited 6 weeks to see Dr. Falconer to get a image guided injection to the radial nerve in her arm. One hour late we were taken into the exam room, two minutes into the exam Dr. Falconer had my wife in tears, from cranking and twisting on her on her arm. We were told that most of her problem was that she was a female over the age of 40 years. Dr. Falconer agreed with Amys doctor that she had a radial nerve problem and he was the person that could do something to get her better. He advised us that he could do the injection and if it did not work there was nothing else that could be done. Surgery was only done if the injection relieved the pain for awhile. Having said all this he took out a shringe and filled it with pain killer. Then while the door to the exam room was still open he numbed the area in the forarm and stuck her with needle and pushed all the fluid into her arm. Our comment was &quot;IMAGE GUIDED&quot;&#63;&#63;&#63; His was, &quot;that is for doctors that dont know what they are doing&quot;.  	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Workers Comp
79	1	Dr. Falconer...is wonderful!! Kind, helpful, takes the time to explain things to me. I highly recommend him. 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
79	-1	This amount was paid by the OWCP. What a waste of time and money. He hurt me, discredited me, assumed things about me, made quotes on the OWCP letter that I did not say, was very very rude, and was working 100% for the DOL/OWCP. He was paid a lot of money to keep me from getting my benefits. He examined me for about 20 minutes, said that I faked the tests and in his &quot;opinion&quot; I should be video taped because I was faking on all the tests and was getting paid by the DOL with out me being injured. Because of his decision, I am facing foreclosure, loss of my vehicle, no pain medication for my 24/7 pain, faced with thousand's of dollars in Dr. bills, and no income coming in whatsoever. I would not suggest this Dr. for any type of procedure. He works for money only, not your welfare. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	Dr. Finken has been my primary doctor for almost five years now. I can always get an appointment, most of the time the same day. She takes her time, answers my questions and values my opinion. I could not ask for a better and more caring doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
81	1	She has been seeing my daughter since her birth. She is a very friendly and wonderful pediatrician. I trust her diagnosis to the end of the earth. She is extremely knowledgeable and very willing to take the time and explain what she is thinking and doing. She is also very good with kids. Excellent beside  manner.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
82	-1	Very disrespectful and a poor listener. NOT one of the best in MN as listed to STPM magazine! She will not work along with the patient but instead talks over the patient and makes conclusions. I always get respect from doctors but this one is hard to deal with.  	4	5	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
82	0	This doctor was very rude during a procedure.  	5	5	2	3 	Insurance:HealthPartners
83	1	Very friendly, professional, and made my kid feel at ease.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
84	1	Dr. Forliti is courteous. Explains and answers questions clearly and thoroughly.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
85	0	 	4	4	4	1 	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	Listens well, cares about you.  	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
87	1	He does not wait for me to ask questions.  He starts talking and drawing pictures in regard to my concerns and situationsl  I know where I am at when I leave his office.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
88	1	Dr. Flynn is very knowledgeable and easy to communicate with. She takes the time needed to understand your needs as a patient and is interested in following through with quality care.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
89	1	I have been a patient of Dr Figueroa's over 15 yrs. She is not only an excellent physician, she also cares a great deal about her patient's overall well being. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	She is a good doctor with vast knowledge in the area of Family Practice.  	1	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
90	-1	Very unhappy with my choice of using her as a doctor... She seemed very nice the first visit. But other than that this is not a doctor I would recommend ANYONE. I am pregnant with my first baby and have very high expectations for a doctor. As a patient being pregnant she makes me feel clueless although I myself am very educated on pregnancy. I asked for prescribed prenatal vitamins, she told me they aren't necessary and didn't give a reason but just said no. She also told me that she can't write my work a note saying I have back problems and I can't lift heavy objects she said I could lift 50 lb weights if I wanted to.. When clearly you can't lift heavy things while pregnant. I also mentioned I needed something for my acne. A topical cream because my last doctor recommended it and she said I'm young so no I'll break out anyways....  I'm running out of space but my point is she does not cater to her patients needs and I'm defiantly in the process of switching doctors!!! 	4	3	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
90	1	She listens.  She's nice.  I like her.  She never calls me.  Her staff does not return calls.   Conditions go on forever 	2	1	3	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
90	1	Dr. Frane is very knowledgeable about medicine and cares very much about her patients well-being. She always takes her time with me when needed and that is why I make early appointments.  I don't mind waiting when I know she is tending to someone else. She is proactive with my migraines and when one thing doesn't work we try something else. She doesn't like to give patients antibiotics because it will stop working for you if you use it too much. You'll need its good effect if you get a &quot;Superbug&quot;. Problems usually exist because the patient isn't willing to listen to the doctor.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
90	-1	Dr. Frane is very frustrating! She sent me to have tests done at the hospital and then wont return my calls to give me the results! When I was in her office last week, she said her computer blew up. Now this week, the reason she hasn't returned my calls is because her computer blew up on Wednesday! WHAT&#63;  You can't tell me that her laptop is the only place to access a patients info! I've waited in her exam room over 45 minutes several times now! I will NOT see her again! I have a new clinic Starting Monday.  	4	1	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
90	-1	I'm glad to see these neg. reviews on here RE Dr Frane After sometime of battling with her to get me better I was beginning to feel like I didn't know my own body This is the second major thing I've taken to her to help me with and I have no support on making things better or her being proactive Its definitely her way or the highway  You name it she knows about it but never fixes resolves or even helps you out of your misery with a problem Shes like going to the most knowledgeable mechanic in the automotive world but cant use a screwdriver or a wrench to fix a thing I will now start looking for a new dr that will return a phone call one that wants to be proactive about your health and give you relief when youre sick and miserable! I will find a dr that is concerned about weight loss instead of telling you years ago you weighted less than you do now when you saw me! Even when I can stand to gain 10 pounds without being sick! She has never been able to resolve any issue brought to her. 	3	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
90	0	I have found Dr. Frane to be a bit relaxed about things. She's not exactly &quot;proactive&quot; and if you are wanting to be, and wanting to know how to improve certain conditions - she might appear to be blowing you off. I don't believe it's intended that way but she just has a very relaxed demeanor about things. You will wait a VERY long time to see her. If your appt is at 3pm do not expect her in the exam room until 3:45 pm. I don't know the reasoning for this but it might be because she does take her time with you. You don't feel rushed out of there. If you are one who wants to do something proactive about your health, are interested in &quot;what else can be done&quot; you might be frustrated by her lack of interest in that. Sometimes comes off as &quot;it is what it is&quot; attitude.  	3	2	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
90	1	I cannot belive the ratings of Dr.Frane. Ayear and a half ago my legs collasped on me. I went in for a exam and she was very aggresive in how she handled my problem. She has taken care of me very well and I owe her a great deal of thanks. 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
90	-1	Dr Frane doesn't return her patients calls.  She leaves them unhelped.  This must be why she always has appointment openings, whereas the other doctors in her clinic don't.  Don't go to her! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
90	-1	Dr Frane is unwilling to give antibiotics for a patient when needed.  She wants the patient to deal with the infection, whether it be a sinus infection or bronchitis, without antibiotics.  Thus causing the patient more misery.  She doesn't want to help the patient feel better.  Don't go to her unless you don't believe in modern medicine.  Which in that case, why would you go to a doctor at all. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	Wonderful doctor.  Very helpful.  Gives great advise.  Have recommended him to many people. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
91	-1	While Doctor Foley has good medical skills and surgical abilities, he is excessively arrogant and even rude. When I had dry-eye syndrome, he did not seem to know anything about punctal plugs which would have fixed the problem immediately; I went to another doctor who knew about and suggested this, and my eye recovered rapidly. More egregious though was Doctor Foley's treatment of my elderly father; when dad had shingles the doctor refused to call me back, so I had to go to his office; he said only &quot;I don't know what to prescribe until I see him and I have other patients now,&quot; then turned and walked out. If I had known he would have said this I would have made better efforts to get my father treated quickly; as it is I must now wait 24 hours to get dad in to see someone, which could cost him his eye. Doctor Foley is consistently impatient, angry and arrogant and I would suggest that you stay away from him and see Dr. Susan Quick at the St. Paul Eye Clinic instead.  	4	4	1	3 	Insurance:Medicare
92	-1	Saw Dr. Fisher several times and really wanted to give her a chance, but each time  I left very frustrated. She offered little to no actual advice, feedback or validation; often sat in silence after I provided a short response to a question- very odd. 	4	5	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
93	-1	He sucked. He made me wait an hour and a half to get in, and I was late for work because of that. When I saw him, his diagnosis was really bad it didn't help one bit - webmd.com was more helpful than an actual doctor, thankfully that's there for the unfortunate people like me who get stuck with a quack. 	2	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
94	1	BEST Doc ever. Smart, listens, explains and does his best to understand. Bright Doctor. Rare to find such a committed Doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
95	-1	My mother was in the hospital this spring with abdominal issues.  Dr. Feldshon was assigned to us while she was there.  He was cold, unresponsive to her questions and concerns and would not return my phone calls. This happened not just once, but on several occasions. I have no idea if he was knowledgeable... the guy wouldn't give us any feedback!!  We were supposed to do a follow-up visit with him at his office... I told them he was rude and we wanted to see one of the other doctors. I told the girl on the phone at the office if there was some  &quot;Patient Liaison&quot; she could report this to I would appreciate it - not sure if anything ever happened.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
96	-1	Terrible experience,  I would not recommend this doctor to anyone. I was treated very disrespectfully and felt like any question I asked was a complete inconvenience and waste of time to her.  	5	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
97	1	Great doctor, and wonderful LASIK surgeon. Highly recommend him for any eye care needs 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
98	1	Front desk staff are kind, respectful, helpful and welcoming.  Clinical staff and Dr. Ferrara are the best,taking time to listen, answering your questions.  Making sure you understand what is going on and the next steps in your health care.  I even had Dr. Ferrara follow up with a phone call to my home after a recent hospitalization to see how I was doing.  Thank you to all the staff at Family Health Services in Inver Grove Heights.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
98	1	I've started seeing Dr. Ferrara in the early 80's.  He delivered two of my children.  He was always late, but it's because he actually took time to listen to his patients.  He is a wonderful and caring Dr who went out of his way to help them.  He helped me through a lot of tough times and I appreciated that.  We moved too far and his front desk staff were unfriendly to make it worthwhile anymore.  I've not bonded with another Dr since I left him in the mid 90's.  He is too kind and to some that may seem he is overbooked an unfriendly.   You aren't the only patient he has, and the wait is well worth it! 	2	3	5	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
98	-1	just took all my money and referred me to specialists. feel totally ripped off and physically worse. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
98	0	I've had uneven results during appts. with Dr. Ferrara.  There are times he is patient and caring and other times when it's the opposite.  I think he has good intentions but over states what he is really going to do.  He is good with diagnosis.  He is not good with people who are not his primary patients.  He blew off my mother and my sister when they had to see him when their primary care physicians were unavailable. I would not bother to see him if you are not one of his primary care patients.  He doesn't want to &quot;get into&quot; it.  You might as well see another physician in the clinic if yours is not available and you're dealing with a serious health problem.  	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:HealthPartners
98	1	Dr. Ferrara has been treating me for over 30 years.  He is always willing to take time to explain things to me.  I think that might be the reason for him not being so punctual.  He treats you like a person and not a patient.  I guess I think that's worth the wait.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
98	1	I been seeing Dr. Ferrara for 30 years since the birth of my son.  He has seen our family through many difficult times especially with illness of my husband and most recently his death.  He went above the call of duty many times for us and was always there for my family.  He always takes the time to hear your concerns and work with you to find out what is going on.  My children are adults now and continue to see Dr. Ferrara even with clinics closer to their home and to me that says alot about him.  Dr.  Ferrara truly cares about his patients and their families 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
98	1	I have asthma and had a hard time finding a decent doctor until I met Dr Ferrara..  You got to trust me, we are going to change your meds...after about a week, I had forgotten what it was like to feel healthy.  My wife was also having some trouble with a &quot;flu bug&quot;  After 3 visits to his office, he says we are going to run this test, because you are showing me some symptoms of CLL (leukemia). Dr. Ferrara was right right on on his diagnosis, got us referred to a specialist, went through Chemo and no signs of CLL.  We caught it in time.  I always call him my hero, but he shrugs it off and says I'm just doing my job for my patients.  Thanks Dr. Ferrara and bless you for your hard work and long hours that you work for your patients.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
98	-1	. rude and yelling an elder person on phone and ever answered question 	5	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
98	1	Wonderful caring...tries to treat everyone somtimes making things run behind but wonderful man. 		1	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
98	1	Even though you have to wait to see Dr. Ferrara, he always gives you all the time you need with him. He is great at explaining results of the physicial exam and what the treatment options are. He is very thorough with his diagnostic testing and followup and does not hesitate to provide a referral if needed. 		1	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
98	-1	very rude and unfriendly - bad bed side manner 		2	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
99	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
