dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
16	1	 I highly recommend Dr.  Rake, he is very knowledgeable, professional and kind! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	commentsExcellent Pediatrician. My daughter has been seeing her since the day she was born and I don not have a single complaint. 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	 Dr. Radcliffe gave me my life back! She figured out the combination of meds and supplements I needed to finally feel well again. I absolutely adore her.  Highly recommend her! 	5	3	5	5	Insurance:HealthPartners
23	1	 Dr. Radcliffe saved my life.  She diagnosed and has gotten me through a life threatening illness.  She is the best doctor I have ever had.  She is patient and kind and uses a holistic approach when possible.  She is the best!  I would recommend her to anyone that wants an exceptional doctor.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
23	1	commentsDr. Radcliffe saved my life.  She diagnosed my ovarian cancer 5 years ago.  Since that time, she has helped me through living with the after affects of fibromyalgia and depression.  I don't know what I would have done without her support and encouragement.  I love Dr. Radcliffe! 	4	3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	commentsFor me she has been opposite of the other rater. Yes, often she is running behind but has always spent whatever time it took to provide the service I went there to get. She has also helped me try to look at things in a different 'light' (I had no idea what holistic was nor went for her for that and still don't!). 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
23	-1	 I went to her because she was supposedly a holistic doctor.  She is rude, dismissive, and not interested in helping you at all.  If you give an opinion or ask her questions, she gets very threatened and argumentative.   Who needs a doctor like that!  Stay away from this doctor! 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	commentsvery good 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	commentsDr. Ragab is outstanding.  She really cares and listens.  She has bettered my quality of life in so many ways.  I think of her as my friend as well as my doctor. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	comments 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	 Great alternative/complementary/holistic M.D. She will suggest vitamins and supplements but will prescribe pharmaceuticals when necessary. She takes time and values patient input and involvement.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
37	0	.  Went to see Dr for thyroid and diabetes; I make an appointment and she is always late anywhere from 30 to 45 minutes; 	3	1	2	4	Insurance:United Healthcare
37	1	.  Doamna Amgela sa stiti  ca  sunteti cel mai bun doctor pe care lam intilnit in MN,din toate rezutatele  de singe  pe  care liam  dat eu  pe  la   diferite  policlinici,,cel mai  corect rezultat  a  fost  al  D-voastra)) mersi mult, 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
38	1	 I have 4 boys, ages ranging from 7 years to 25 years old.  Dr. Rahm has been their doctor for the past 5 or 6 years.  They all have the deepest respect for him.  He is knowledgeable, patient and personable.  When appropriate, he will refer us to a specialist and every time so far he has been right on.  We could use many more doctors like him.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	1	 He is a very through doctor. Great bed side manner and great with kids. He has been my kids doctor for 7 years now and they will not see any other doctor they love him. And he is not afraid to let you know if the issue you have at hand is out of his knowledge. He will refer you to a doctor that is just as understanding as himself.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	1	commentsDr.Rahm is a sweet doctor. He is easy to talk to and will take the extra time if needed as well as get you referred for what you need if he cannot do it in clinic. He is very caring and a good doc! 		4	4	4	Insurance:Unknown
58	-1	commentsI will not be returning to Dr. Rajtora and would not recommend him to others due to his disengaged, condescending attitude.  After ignoring my chief physical complaint, he proceeded to suggest I educate myself on another issue.  Never have I felt so mistreated during an appointment with a health care professional.  Park Nicollet patients deserve better. 	4	5	1	3	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	 Great Dr, the best internal medicine Dr I have ever had.  Furthermore his support staff and the Park Nicollet Clinic are outstanding.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:HealthPartners
60	-1	 This Dr. does NOT listen to you. Period. She is rude and condescending. She actually walked out of the appt while I was still talking. I seriously can't believe she is still a Dr. that Essentia supports. Terrible bedside manner. She said she would call in two prescriptions...she never did. I could go on and on. I found a new Dr. fast. I feel sorry for anyone who has to endure her.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
60	-1	 She never listened to me &amp; was rude &amp; condescending.  I refuse to see her again.  Put me on antibiotics &amp; refused to do any testing I requested.  My skin broke out like crazy &amp; she still refused to listen to me.  	2	2	1	1	Insurance:United Healthcare
60	-1	commentsTotally misdiagnosed a health issue I was experiencing which I discovered after getting a second opinion.  Because the issue was not related to the ailment i was seeing her for at that particular appointment she did not want to know.  Very bad attitude from this doctor.  I will not be seeing her again. 	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
60	-1	 This doctor doesn't listen and doesn't care about her patients. She has her own agenda and doesn't care what you say. I will be finding a new doctor.  	4	4	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
60	-1	 Saw Dr Raduege for a yearly physical and wanted to discuss using a form of birth control that was non-invasive and didn't contain hormones. Told her that I would like to be fitted for a diaphragm, but would also be using condoms. She couldn't believe that I would ask for that and told me she was 'extremely biased' against diaphragms so wouldn't do it. Told me to be seen at OB/GYN and have an IUD put in. Was extremely rude for rest of appt. Will be finding a new Doctor who is non-judgemental and who encourages responsibilty.  	5	5	1	1	Insurance:HealthPartners
60	-1	 Her knowledge of pediatric care is suboptimal. She would not listen to the me when I stated which antibiotic had worked in the past and put my child on the incorrect antibiotic three times. Each time I had to go in and see a different doctor and that doctor didn't understand why she used the antibiotic.She is also does not understand disease of the thyroid and caused me to have TSH levels that were too high (even though in her notes she states she could feel a nodule on my thyroid gland and created other health problems. I would not recommend her.  	3	2	1	1	Insurance:Tricare
60	1	comments 	4	2	5	3	Insurance:Unknown
63	-1	 Went in for what i thought was a sinus infection. Very rude, acted like i was wasting her time.  Ended up having to go to another doctor to get a prescription to get it cleared up. Was told by her to go home and take my alergy medication because i didn't have a sinus infection.  I know many people who avoid her. look out.  	1	3	1	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$25
64	1	commentsGreat doctor, great bedside mannor. really helps his patients 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	 Great new location. Dr. Raih has repaired both of my patella tendon tears and has done an amazing job.  Recovery was much faster than others with similar injuries.  Very knowledgeable and efficient.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:HealthPartners
70	1	 I had a serious Achilles tendon tear, which Dr. Raih repaired through surgery. It has been a long and slow recovery, but Dr. Raih has been very helpful and responsive as I have healed.  I would strongly recommend Dr. Raih to a friend.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
70	0	commentsHe spent almost no time with me after I had waited 45 minutes and was fairly patronizing...I will probably be spending a considerable amount of money for a brace and an &quot;I don't know why you have pain, there is nothing showing up on your xray&quot;. 	5	1	2	3	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	 I have had 2 surgeries, full knee replacement and Rotator cuff/ Bicep repair by Doctor Raih.  I found him to be caring and excellent at his craft! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
70	0	commentsIn a rush, doesn't have time to listen for the answers to the questions he poses. Too busy to give the time DESREVED for each patient on an individual basis, based on my experience. Very professional and courteous. 		5	3	2	Insurance:Unknown
75	1	.  Very nice and thorough and willing to answer all of my questions 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
76	1	.  excellent 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Delta Dental
78	-1	 On Another Planet does not pay attention to what you tell him.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:$20
88	-1	commentsI saw this man once years ago for a standard STD screening because my regular Dr was out & I needed a hepatitis screening because someone I knew had it. He was the most rude, obnoxious, jerk I've ever met! He asked if my boyfriend has yellowing of his skin & when I mentioned he was black he asked if he used needles for drugs. When I told him know he asked me how I could be sure of that. I wanted to punch him! Then he proceeded to lecture me on safe sex, which was not the issue. I would never recommend him. Stay away from this man! 		3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	commentsAwesome, compassionate physician that actually listens to his patients. I can't possibly say enough about the wonderful quality of care I received! 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
95	1	commentsDr. Rahman has been the best Dr.I've ever had. I rated this Dr.the best because he understands any health situation  promptly and accurately. A  lways treats you like a person. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
98	1	commentsFriendly, timely, and thorough.  I am completely satisfied with my visit and will use this doctor again. 	3	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
