dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
2	1	commentsThis is the first time I've ever felt comfortable at a dentist office. 	4	5	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	 Dr.Waddell seems to enjoy the work he do but he has a stafff full of unprofessional witches,who enjoy wearing scrubs to work but not the actuall work that comes with wearing the scrubs,they are also very loud,and somewhat ghetto...they didnt seem like nurses at all.I notice when ever DrmWaddell would be around they had a professional attituide but when he wasnt they were really unprofessional like little kids the constantly need someone to watch them,in order to do there work professionally. ...its sad to see grown women act so disgusting..Also when you need to get a urine test they  ask you to tinkle in a cup--- so unprofessional why do you feel you must make  a mokery out of Dr. Waddells  patients&#63;&#63;&#63;&#63;&#63;On my next visit I will complain and video tape all I SEE!!!! 	1	1	3	4	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
7	1	 The doctor is a good man and very caring but his staff is the absolute worst. This office will NOT see the same day if you are having a problem.  NOT GOOD BUSINESS FOR ANY DOCTOR! 	1	2	3	4	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
7	1	commentsWonderful 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	commentsI have seen him several times over the past few months. I am very satisfied as to his knowledge and general attitude. i would recommend him to anyone needing a Dr. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	 Dr. Waites has taken care of several family members, including my dad. He is the kind of Dr. you enjoy going to but, not for the reason. He is the BEST HEART DR. IN HATTIESBURG! He has a great bedside manner, very knowledgable and educated, wth great skill. Believe me, he understands how you feel, he been there! I would recommend and HAVE, to family friends and patients. I have worked with him in the past, and beleive me when you work side by side with someone you get to know their skills. Great all around guy and Dr. (HAS TO BE TO PUT UP WITH MY BIG FAMILY!).... (3b-fgh) 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	-1	 Slow to react.  Slow to return calls.  No energy in his attitude.  Had to change specialists before my father died.  	3	1	1	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	-1	 My insurance paid all.  I can't imagine how much peope without insurance pay.  This door like many others will bill medicare a thousand dollars for a 5 minute test and medicare pay 25 or so for it.  The doctors I know personally says they still make money from medicare patients.  This guy did not seem to know the lung from the kidney.  I was just glad my mother got out alive from that hospital he put her in.  it is not the people who are insured that commit fraud, it is the doctors and hospitals.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Medicare
19	1	commentsThis doctor is top notch.Very knowledgeable about lung disorders. May seem a little distant but dont let this bother you. I very much like this doctor 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
55	-1	.   	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
55	-1	comments 	4	1	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
59	1	commentsI love his character and his personality. He is very detailed in finding what's wrong with you. He leaves no tables unturned. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
59	0	commentsThe staff is AWFUL!  They don't listen or follow instructions and take DAYS to return calls. 	1	1	1	5	Insurance:Unknown
59	1	commentsWONDERFUL DOCTOR, TAKES TIME AND LISTENS AND ALWAYS TRIES TO DO THE VERY BEST AT HELPING . 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	 Dr. Wall was very good at what she did while working for Jones Family Clinic. When I found out she left, I never went back. She was the only doctor there who listened to me and helped me with my health problems. I sure miss her. I think she went to work in another state.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
66	-1	commentsStaff - How is the service and helpfulness of the doctor's staff&#63; (This category is NOT included in the &quot;Overall Quality&quot; rating.) 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	 He has been my doctor for a lot of different nuclear medicine tests. He often calls my primary doctor with the results which speeds up my care.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Tricare
66	1	comments 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	commentsDr. Walker is approachable and friendly.  We like his sense of humor.  He is thorough and always willing to listen to concerns.  I like that he starts out with the simplest medical tests and explains what other options there are if those are not enough.  Both myself and our son have consulted Dr. Walker and his treatment was very helpful. 	2	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	commentsExcellent and caring.. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
72	-1	 Told my self and my son that we needed all this work and got a second openion and found that everything she told me was a lie.About $2500 out of my wallet worth.Started checking around and found other parents were being told the same thing.two parents got second openions and found that there children dident need the work she told them also.  		1	1	1	Insurance:CIGNA
87	1	comments 	3	3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
99	1	 Dr. Walt and Libby, his nurse, are a great team and take good care of me. They are always friendly, professional and efficient. I truly appreciate that Dr. Walt talks to me using medical terminology rather than using baby words (tee tee, for example) for bodily functions. I also appreciate the fact that he takes the time to explain conditions, medications and their effects.  	5	3	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
