dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
6	1	 Wow!!! Dr. Dale is wonderful!!!!  I have been lucky enough to be seen at this practice for the past year, and I will definitely continue. He set a detailed plan to follow, even works with the billing to ensure correct billing. His staff rocks, too!!  I will definitely continue to see him as my dentist. Nice, personable, and always worried that you are ok during whatever procedure is being performed.  Love them!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
13	1	commentsRealy good Docter.He delivered 2 of my children and was my family Dr. for meny years. I highly recommend Dr. Dailey 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	commentsDr. Damba is very thorough. I really appreciated the time she took to explain things. I did have to wait, but she did take time with my appointment. 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
16	0	 Not all, but many of the staff are rude and inconsiderate. The doc is also rude. She thinks everything wrong is due to being over weight. I went in the last time with 3 injuries..she didn't even LOOK, just wrote scripts! Also she left on vacation without folowing through with my service. I had to wait 5 extra days to find out if I had cancer or not.  	1	1	2	3	Insurance:Anthem
17	-1	 Root canal in wrong tooth in December 2007 - then refused to see me to do the correct one without full payment in advance, after leaving me in pain thru January 08.                  Asked for a full copy of my dental records because he started insisting on full payment in advance.  I figured out by reading those dental records that he'd made at least one of my crowns for my teeth wrong (cost $750 each )because he wrote that in my chart which he thought I'd never see.                                     He NEVER re-made the crown correctly, I've been wearing the bad one for many months now.  Brought to his attenion he said, we all make mistakes, I just overlooked it. (How do you OVERLOOK re-measuring & ordering a crown you did wrong&#63;&#63;&#63;)                                  Billed my insurance wrong - then tried to collect from me. Did finally write that off due to his staff's error. (I paid my part in full) I'm going to Dr.  Messer now !!! USE GREAT CAUTION 	2	1	2	2	Insurance:Aetna
19	1	 It was a pleasure meeting you.   My husband was very pleased with the service received.  Good valueable information we both received was impressive.   THANKS 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	 5+ years of experience with this doctor. He is competent, engaged, and professional. I feel safe with him and almost always take his advice. I always bring a list of issues with me -- he listens all the way through and makes sure that everything on the list gets discussed. He does patient education as well as or better than any doctor that I've ever had. Although he works in a large clinic, his office staff is excellent. They follow up superbly on insurance issues, referrals, and prescriptions. I am glad to have him my medical team.  		4	5	5	Insurance:Coventry
31	1	 All my family comes here. I highly recommend Dr.  D 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Delta Dental
31	-1	.  POOR KNOLEGE, UNPROFFESIONAL 	1	3	3	1	Insurance:Delta Dental
37	-1	 Has a very unprofessional approach towards his patient. Makes very inappropriate comments and doesn't seem to know how to treat effectively.  Would NOT recommend him to anyone! 	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-CalPaid/Co-pay:$2
44	-1	 Worst Pain I have EVER felt, he specifcally told me I was the worst patient he has ever had. which was really reassuring.....not! Still having a few ingrown toe nails per year, obviously his technique did not work. I will go to dr.  pete next! 	4	4	1	1	Insurance:AnthemPaid/Co-pay:$40
44	-1	 Unnecessary surgery on both feet. 6 mos to squeeze into shoes. 6 years later extreme pain, no feeling in some of my toes, walking nearly impossible,  cannot flex or bend toes.  Shoes nearly impossible to find. Have seen other MD's, not sure how to repair my feet.  	2	3	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	-1	commentsHe did a lot of unnesessary surgery that had nothing to do with my problem.  I had to go to another doctor to have his work corrected. I Wouldn't recomend himto any one! Paid/Co-pay:$500	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
44	-1	 Dr. Dailey messed my feet and ankles up so bad, I could hardly walk for a year. I went to another Dr. who had to do more surgery to undo the damage he had done. He does unnessesary surgery on almost everyone who walks through the door, including young children.  	5	3	1	1	Insurance:United Healthcare
44	-1	comments 	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	commentsVery professional. 	3	3	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	commentsHe was wonderful!  My daughter felt secure and her surgery went very well. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
46	0	 Wonderful demeanor and seemed both candid and caring, but misled me about surgical outcome. Went in for outpatient lapropscopy but ended up filleted like a trout and he only visited once during my 3-day hospital stay. Ouch.  	5	3	3	3	Insurance:CoventryPaid/Co-pay:$15
46	-1	 A few years ago I was in the hospital recovering from a surgery when this clown came into my room and said &quot;Oh, I see you're not my patient.&quot; and left. Since he was the fastest claimant to Blue Cross he landed within my deductible and sent me a bill. I complained about the bill but I ended up having to pay him cash, since he threatened to send me to collections for the fictitious services not rendered. I reported this to BCBS but they were no help whatsoever. He certainly knows how to work the system. What a guy! I'll never forget his name. This D.O. will not be allowed to touch me, even in an emergency room, or anywhere else, even if I am dying. I just pray I will have energy enough and the presence of mind to reject him. He is definitely on my list of bad actors.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
46	0	 With a wire in my breast to show him where my tiny bit of cancer was he cut into me twice, scrapped my chest muscle, left me bleeding after surgery (I had to stay the night--he wouldn't come see me till morning) and MISSED some cancer--no clear margin.  He sent me to cancer doctor (he spoke on the phone first to cancer dr. before I arrived).  Both men forgot to mention the pineapple size blood clot in my now black and purple sore breast to me and acted as everything was normal for this operation.  Cancer dr. suggested cutting off the breast.  I went to a breast surgeon (Dr. Jew) who told me what I had and she treated the open wound when the blood came pouring out over several months.  When I finally healed she did surgery on my breast and took out the cancer he had missed and got clear margin.  Dr. Daggett &quot;thought&quot; he had gotten it all.  Doing breast surgery may not be his thing.  He was very nice but his lack of candor concerning my breast/left cancer/pain I suffered caused rates.  	2	2	3	2	Insurance:Humana
46	1	commentsvery good bedside manner. very excellent surgeon 		4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	commentsThis is one great dentist! I would recommend him to anyone. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
61	-1	commentsAmanda Daho is extremely arrogant. Very cold, short and demeaning. 	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
65	0	 A good doctor if you share his same interests (hunting fishing), otherwise won't give you the time of day. Nurse is very slow in getting back to patients and not very organized.  Easy to get appt, but not too easy to see dr for more than 2 minutes 	1	1	2	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
73	1	commentsgreat 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
76	1	 Dr. Dalal is the best!  His rapport with the children, parents, and other medical professionals is exceptional.  His critical decision-making ability is balanced with risk-reward of the patient and family always.  He truly is an exceptional doctor and individual, and I would never hesitate endorsing him to anyone.  Not only is he a wonderful doctor, he's a wonderful, caring man.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
76	1	commentsYou will not find another pediatric oncologist more qualified than Dr. Dalal.  I acn't describe what he means to my family, especially my son. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
76	1	 Dr. Dalal is simply the finest child oncologist available.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
80	-1	commentsWe disturbed his reading with the birth of our son.  He had very poor bedside manners.  The nurses were helpful in our situation.  They are the ones that helped to difuse the situation. We wrote letters to the State Medical Board and got responses from SLU and Depaul which were mediocre at best.  It is hard for the small guy to deal with big jerks.  If there was a way of getting rid of this guy I wish the board would do it. 	3	3	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	commentsHe is a wonderful Doctor and I have my entire family with Doctore now....He sits and listens and truly pays attention to your concerns as well he addresses his concers also.  Great family doctor. 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	 Been my doc for 8 years. Will not look for another.  I drive 50 miles just to see &quot;my doctor or Lisa&quot; 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
82	1	commentsDr. D'Amour is great. Have referred lots of people to him.  Have been pts for over 5 years. Nurse prac not so much. She use to be approachable like she really cared. I use to refer pts to her but after experience with her I make appts w/dr. only. 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	 PRO:Not in a rush. Will sit and visit with you about your concerns. Gives credible advice. Will refer you to the appropriate consulting physicians when appropriate. Caring and concerned attitude. Offers medication samples if available. Cons: often have to wait for weeks to get an appointment. Office nurse does not always return phone calls. Office nurse doesn't always mail out or fax lab results as the ofc says they will. May take a couple of days for the ofc nurse to call in or authorize refills. Does not see his patients when admitted to the hospital--a hospitalist doctor takes care of you while in the hospital.  	4	4	4	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
82	1	 In the last 3 years, my son has seen the doctor only once.  I really liked him.  We usually see the nurse pra., and she is wonderful.  My son is very confortable with her.   And her nurse is great!!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
84	1	 She is very friendly and listens to you.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
87	1	commentsAn outstanding doctor who never rushes you and always listens and gives caring advice.  Never had a doctor with this kind of bedside manner. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	commentsAwesome physician! Truly cares about his patients, spends as much time as needed to help with any medical problems and questions. Follows up promptly on lab results and referrals. Office staff is polite and knowledgeable. Paid/Co-pay:$20	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	.  excellent doctor very caring takes a lot of time with you makes you feel comfortable 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
89	-1	 After waiting for over an hour in the waiting room and then another 40 minutes in the exam room, the doctor had still not even spoken to me. I left - got a refund. The staff was rude. Nobody even once had the courtesy to explain 1) that the doctor was running late, or 2) why the doctor was so late. Frankly, an appointment is supposed to be exactly that - an appointment. I know things can happen, and I'd have been fine if somebody had contacted me before the appointment (they had my number) or had said something upon arrival. Dreadful service.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:$40
99	1	 my 20 year old daughter was suffering from migranes. Very helpful, took alot of time with us. Not rushed at all.   Explained the different medicines and when to take them.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
99	1	 He took the time to talk to me, explain in a way that I could understand without making me feel that I was taking his valuable time. His staff were friendly which is something I expect as they are my first contact when I call the office.  		5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$40
