dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
10	1	 Also had Tricare.  When I was diagnosed with prostate cancer, my nurse wife called her physician friends and they all said they would have the Dawkins/Carter team operate on them.  I've seen Craig Dawkins for over 20 years and he always takes his time, explains everything and truly cares about his patients.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	1	 Great Doctor. I would recommend him to my family and friends. My wife and I both are patients and have had great outcomes. His Dr/patient relationship is without equal.Our experience is with both medicine and surgery, always successful.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
10	1	comments 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	 Dr.Davidson is one of the most compentent and caring doctors I have ever been to over the years.His nurses are excellent and very caring.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	 Cannot praise entire staff enough. Dr. Davidson cares enormously about your illness and aggressively endeavors to find the right treatment for your illness.  He uses all avenues of research centers available when needed. And so often not found today... is the epitemy of a gentleman. The treatment nurses are tops at their profession..and with all my doctors and hospital stays, I certainly would know. All the nurses throughout the clinic... are genuinely caring  and serious of your situation. They seem to display the right amount of sympathy and humor to make you glad you are there...doesn't that sound unbelievable&#63;  But it's true.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
16	-1	comments 	5	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
17	-1	 Dr. Darsey is rude and was not aware of newer medications we asked about.  He became very angry when I asked him questions.  He was very helpful initially and we agreed to place our relative in a nursing facility he is associated with.  After that, he has been rude and disrepectful.  I do not feel my relative and receiving the care they deserve.  Do not use this doctor if you want to be able to ask your doctor questions or know what is going on with your care - particularly in the elderly.  	3	2	1	1	Insurance:Medicare
17	-1	 Dr Darsey was very helpful and professional initially, but became negligent.  I would not recommend him to anyone especially elderly patients.  	4	3	1	2	Insurance:United Healthcare
17	1	 Dr Darsey is a very good Dr.  He has great bedside manner, and has always been very attentive to my needs and my family's needs. He is now my fathers Dr too after a stroke and we only have good things to say.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	-1	commentsDr. Darsey is the pcp for my 80 yr. old mother.  Dr. Darsey is unreceptive to family concerns, and very dismissive of family members who disagree with him.  This is quite disturbing. 	4	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
17	-1	 This doctor is currently treating my 81 year-old mother. She has many ailments that we, her children, have questions about. Dr. Darsey appears to dislike questions from family. He can be quite short and curt at times as well as unapproachable. I can't wait to switch doctors.  	3	3	1	2	Insurance:Medicare
17	-1	commentsThis doctor treated my grandmother for years. He only spent a few minutes with her and then would throw some new medicine her way. After she found out that he had misdiagnosed her with diabetes, she decided to change docs. 	3	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	.  Very much a people person with good bedside manner 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	-1	 She acts crazy, like she does not know what she is doing.  Confusing! I really do not think she should be practicing, she should retire!! Not recommended at all!! 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$895
19	1	.  Excellant physician very good bedside manner controlled my thyroid more than any other Md I've been to in the past highly recommend this dr 	4	5	5	4	Insurance:AetnaPaid/Co-pay:$67
19	-1	 Never in the office, out sick, changes appointment times, never gave diagnosis, blood work was $5000, stress test $2000, MRI $2000. Left practice before completing my work-up.  		1	1	1	Insurance:AetnaPaid/Co-pay:$1000000
19	-1	commentstold me i was hyper when in fact i was grossly hypothyroid-which my lab results confirmed; was alarmed at her diagnosis and took my med records elsewhere for treatment 		5	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	 Dr. Daly is the best doctor I've ever used.  He makes each one of his patients feel like they are his only patient.  He is very smart, and will send you to a specialist if he cannot help you.  I recommend Dr. Daly to everyone.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
43	1	commentsThere is no better!!!!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
53	-1	 I went in for a problem that was causing me severe pain. He had they Hygienist take two x-rays and then had the Hygienist tell me I needed to have a filling redone. He never saw me, never looked in my mouth!!! I came back two days later and he redid the filling. Again he came in to do the work and immediately left. I'm still in agony! Then his Hygienist told me I had a small cavity on a wisdom tooth that I could either get filled or just pull the tooth.  What a bunch of idiots!! 	1	2	1	1	Insurance:United Healthcare
56	1	commentsShe is very good at what she does! She has delivered my last two children and I have recommended her to my female friends and family! I hope she never leaves this area! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	 Dr. Damallie is the best doctors i've every met. He's understanding, patient, and pays close attention to his patients. He makes time for us all regardless of how many comes in for him. Like he've said b4 his memory is like an elephant bcuz he remembers everything. He remembered my daughters name after a year later and my aunts son's name without us bringing it up.  Great Great Great Doctor!!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
68	1	commentsThe absolute best doctor i have ever seen. caring, knowledable and kind 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
68	-1	commentsDr. Damallie delivered three of my children. He did a fantastic job. He made sure I was comfortable. He took care of everything. If it was something I needed to know and he couldn't answer right then, He found out immediately and told me what his opinion was. I just appreciate doctors like him who treat patient as if he had known them for years. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	commentsGreat Doc!!! 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
