dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	He is arrogant but that's because he really does know what he is doing. I think he is the BEST on the Gulf Coast. He has saved many a life including mine. 	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	She really is knowledgeable of her practice.   She is very kind to her patients and very thorough!!! I recommend her to my friends even!! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
2	1	Great doctor! Would recommend her to anybody. She takes time and has patience with her patients. Always offering the best advice no matter what the situation maybe.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
2	1	Dr. Nadine Zekam is one of the best obgyn doctors that i have dealt with since i been in Mississippi. She a person who cares about her patient.she really take time to explain to you whats going on and show that she cares. I really appreciation her effect and work and thank god for her coming to mississippi.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	1	I'm very impressed with Dr. Zekam. She was very nice and attentive. I feel, I she will now be my MD, from this point on.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	-1	Dr. Zekam seems to have potential to be a good doctor.  However, during my first trimester, which was suppose to be very exciting, I experienced long waiting time, bad service, and what seemed to be an impatient doctor.  I was very disappointed.  Every appt., I witnessed a bitter doctor who didn't seem too concerned.  I was thinking maybe she was tired but when looking for a doctor to deliver your child, you want someone who has patience and maintains professionalism.  Also it wouldn't hurt to see someone who seems to enjoy thier job.  She was the complete opposite.  I have been searching for a new doctor and as far as I can see, her partner, Dr. Livingston, is a winner.  	3	1	1	2 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
3	1	 	5	5	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
4	0	He's great for a common illness--flu, sinus infection, strep throat, but recently misdiagnosed a lung condition.  I went for a second opinion today and I'm glad I did.  If it's a unique issue I would say to go to an internal med doc instead of him.  He also advocates diet pills which I think is weird.  	3	4	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	Dr Zimmermann has treated our family for years. We have always been happy with his treatment. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	-1	This unconscionable individual crowned an upper rear molar and left me with no occlusion on the left side of my mouth.  The tooth was also digging and cuting into my left cheek. When I returned to ocmplain, he referred me to a periodontist and an orthodontist; specialist who could not fix his shoddy workmanship.  He also attempted to keep the insurance reimbursement for this mess after being paid in full. He will not hesitate to recommend unnecessary and useless treatments by expensive specialists. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
