dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
2	-1	commentsI completely agree ...Dr. Shannon Calvert is extremely rude and does not at all seem to care about her patients even though they are just children!!!  I have quit taking my children to her and have found a wonderful doctor that actually does care about their patients!  Please do not waste your time with this doctor!!! 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	commentsI took my daughter to see Dr. Calvert for the first time last week.  My daughter is 7 and has a history of asthma.  Dr. Calvert seemed very interested in getting a detailed medical history of my child.  I didn't feel like the visit was at all rushed and she asked me to give her a follow up call to see how the medication she prescribed was working out.  She is a younger doctor with a bubbly personality.  My girls loved her. 	5	5	5	3	Insurance:Unknown
2	-1	 Dr. Calvert was very rude.  She didn't like it when I asked her questions and just recently she yelled at me because I told her I was uncomfortable grouping my sons shots togheter so closely.  She became very defensive and began to scream at me that I didn't know what I was talking about and she asked me at least five time if  I had gone to medical school so how should I know.  Shannon Calvert is very rude and she doesn't care about the patient she cares about the paycheck. She also messed up my sons circumcision and would take no responseibility for it she tryed to blame on me being a bad parent.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
6	1	commentsTremendous fund of knowledge, compassionate and caring.  Good family doctor.  Excellent diagnostician. He helped me tremendously and listened carefully to my 87-year-old mother.  Diagnosed her cancer when others missed it.  Good doctor. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	commentsHe's such an amazing doctor!  He really cares about his patients. 	5	3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
13	-1	commentsDid not like me asking questions, very condescending, he didn't even show up for my surgery sent his partner,never again 	1	2	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	 This office has the nicest staff I've encountered in a very long time!  They explained all the work I needed and broke it down along with my insurance so I knew exactly what I was looking at before I started.  Very professional and very honest people are what most offices lack.  Way to go Dr. Steve.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Humana
19	1	 A very good doctor, just very busy, witch is with all good doctors. Takes time to explain things not in long tech terms. Good bedside manners. I dont know how she keeps up with the hrs though, (being on call at the hospital). But even when her staff could not show up in a blisserd she still showed up and ran the whole show by herself. now that is dedication.  	3	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	 Very willing to listen.  Quite knowledgeable.  Will send to another doctor if not something she can handle.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
45	1	commentsA great doctor and a truly great man. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	commentsDr. Call explained the procedure to me immediately upon entering the office and competently anesthetized me before extracting a tooth.  He followed up with a call to see how I was doing that evening and letme know I could call for any additional help needed.  The staff was very friendly and supportive.  The days of doctors spending unlimited amount of time with patient are gone since the days of managed health care.  As long as the dr. is competent and lets you know she/he is available for questions and help with post-procedure complications, I feel unhampered by unrealistic expectations. 	5	4	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
49	-1	commentsZero chair-side manner; over-booked; rushed; insensitive, and inept. 	3	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	commentsDr. Call is polite and explaines everything he is doing during the procedure. He also does a follow-up call to see how you are doing and to answer any questions you may have about your procedure. 	4	2	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
51	-1	commentsDr. Caffery felt ultrasounds were not necessary.  Even though I told him that I could see my son turn his head at the top of my uterus throughout the end of my last trimester, he did not believe that my son was breech.  He insisted that he could feel my son's head in the proper position.  After 10 hours of labor he broke my water (the hook sliced my son on his rear - thank goodness he was breech) and then ordered an ultrasound.  My son was not only breech, but stuck.  I was treated to a C-section and released in two days.  A very unpleasant experience. 	4	4	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
51	1	 Dr. Caffrey is a wonderful doctor. This is my first pregnancy and i could not ask for better. He is very patient and always concerned about anything you would bring up to him. He tries to do as much as he can for you to make you always comfortable. I searched a lot to find a good doctor and read his ratings on many other websites and it is just as he was described. He is very experienced. I would highly recommend him.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
51	1	 Great doctor and staff, have been going to him for many years and wouldn't think about switching. Very concerned about your health and well being, and very gentle and friendly.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
51	1	 Wonderful!! everyone I know recomened him and hes been nothing but helpful. I wouldnt go to anyone else.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Coventry
51	1	 The doctor and his nurses are very pleasent and helpful. I would recommend seeing him to anyone. He is very concerned with your needs and makes sure you questions are answered. Great bed side manner.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
52	-1	 I found Dr. Callahan to be rude, unprofessional, and didn't show any concern for the patient.  He failed to return phone calls and failed to consider other medical personnel with first hand knowledge of the problem in his diognisis 	3	3	1	1	Insurance:CoventryPaid/Co-pay:$40
53	1	 this doctor deserves a medal, he is at hospital at all hours to see patients.  He was very polite always helpful and helped my husband thru a diffacult death.  I will always remember him and his kindness.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:GHI
53	0	comments 	3	3	3	3	Insurance:Unknown
59	1	 I had a wonderful experience with this doctor. He knew what he was doing and was very professional. I highly recommend him and his group.  	4	4	4	5	Insurance:Aetna
62	1	commentsdr. samer cabbabe is professional, personal, and has a wide range of knowledge and experience. he spent as much time with me as i needed in order to feel comfortable with my procedure. his bedside manner is warm and he is a perfectionist in his surgery. i would highly recommend dr. cabbabe to anyone considering plastic surgery. you will be  thrilled with the results! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
63	0	commentsMy nose doesn't look one bit different than it did.  Took my money and didn't care that there was no change. 	3	3	2	3	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	 Dr. Campbell has bee my kids doctor for over 7 years and I could not be happier with her services.  She cares for each of my kids and has a excellent relationship with them making sure we understand everything there is  to know about the health and well being of my children.   Thanks Dr Campbell 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
73	-1	 This doctor seemed very knowledgable; however, his level of concern for his patients well-being seemed lacking.  	4	5	1	3	Insurance:Medicare
73	-1	 Suppost to have taken my Childs tonsils out... Instead, He almost killed my child by nicking the main Artery in my child's throut. Of course he covered it up so his butt wouldn't get into troble... So if you have to get your tonsils out DO NOT GO TO HIM...  My Child was a victim, Don't let your child be!! 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
88	1	 Dr. Camejo is the best!! I went to him for both my children. My first was very easy and quick. I was induced at 7 am and had her around 4:30 pm with no pain because of the epidural. I didnt even feel the contractions. My 2nd wasnt so easy. I was induced and wouldnt dialate but Dr. Camejo comforted me and talked me into a C-section. His staff was great. I didnt see him during every appointment but he is a busy man. Thats the point of having a practitioner. I loved everyone at that office and they made me feel so much more comfortable being there. I lived closer to his office when i started seeing him but moved over an hour away in the middle of my first pregnancy. I refused to switch doctors because i loved him and his staff. I even made the long drive during my whole second pregnancy. I am actually going to talk to him next month about a tubal ligation.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
88	-1	 WORST DR EVER HE SENT ME HOME TWICE FROM THE HOSPITAL WHEN I WENT IN FOR CONTRACTIONS WELL AFTER THE THIRD TRIP TO THE ER HE FINALLY DECIDED TO DELIVER MY BABY AND IN THE DELIVERY ROOM DURING MY C-SECTION HE SAID WELL GOOD THING WE DID CUZ YOUR UTERUS WAS ABOUT TO RUPTURE AT THAT TIME HE CUT AND CATERIZED MY TUBES. 5 MONTHS LATER I HAD AN ETOPIC RUPTURE AND HE TOLD MY MOM MY HUSBAND AND MY 7 YEAR OLD SON THAT HE HELD THE BABY IN HIS HAND AND TOLD MY HUSBAND THAT HE ABOUT KILLED HIS WIFE... I WAS THEN PREGNANT AGAIN 5 MONTHS AFTER THAT (WITH ONLY ONE TUBE THAT WAS CUT AND CATERIZED) AND ONE OVARY AND ENDED UP HAVING A MISSCARRIAGE, THE I WAS PREGNANT AGAIN 6 MONTHS AFTER THAT. THE STAFF IS SO RUDE AS WELL. I TRIED TO TALK TO HIM ABOUT MY ISSUES OF LOSING 3 BABIES AND HE SAID IT WOULD JUST TAKE TIME FOR ME TO GET OVER IT ALL..... I DO NOT RECOMMEND HIM TO ANYONE EVER! BY THE WAY 3 YEARS AFTER MY TUBAL LIGATION I AM PREGNANT AGAIN.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
88	1	 And Dr. Camejo delivered both of my children my first was a emergency c-section Dr. Camejo helped me stay calm during that very scary time he saved my life because i almost bleed to death my second was a scheduled c-section which thanks to Dr.  Camejo went very smoothly he has been amazing I have and will continue to recomed him to everyone and I will continue to go see him :-) 	3	3	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
88	-1	commentsVery rude. I will not go back to his care nor will I reccomend him. If anything, I would recommend against him. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	commentsBest doctor I have ever seen!!! I had heavy bleeding and had tried for about 2 years with different doctors.  He did a procedure called endometrial ablation and I have very light peiords (almost none) since then.  I recommend him without hesitation.  He is worth the wait! 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
88	0	 Went to him for my fist pregnancy and he was great. Had a beautiful little girl.  Went back to him for my second pregnancy which was a miscarriage and he told me to go home and try again.  Went back after my second miscarriage and he told be that he would not do anything until I had several miscarriages.  I do not recommend him for any high risk pregnancy.  	3	3	2	4	Insurance:United Healthcare
88	-1	 I have only talked to Dr. Camejo for about 5 minutes my entire pregnancy and I am about to be in the 2nd trimester. He doesn't even talk to you at your appointments. Not even a quick pop in to ask how you are doing. The office is extremely unhelpful as well and I'm switching doctors asap.  	2	3	1	3	Insurance:Tricare
88	1	 Wonderful Doctor!  Be prepared to wait a little longer because he does spend time with his patients but it's worth the wait.  He is very professional and friendly.  	4	2	4	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
88	1	commentsDr Camejo is the first doctor that took the time to answer all my questions.  I did not feel rushed and I felt he really cared about my problems. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
93	1	commentsDr. Cadez is great.  The office staff is awesome,especially Sharon and Lisa, however, the nurse, is very hard to understand and asks the same questions over and over. 	2	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
93	1	 Dr. Cadiz is the most knowledgable and compassionate doctor I have ever been to.  He will do whatever it takes to get to the bottom of your problems not just mask them with medicine.  If every doctor was like Dr. Cadiz the medical field would boom with patients actually improving!  He is unbelievable!  His staff can sometimes be a little difficult but dealable.  It's worth it to be able to be treated by him.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
93	1	 I was very impressed yesterday for my first initial visit.  He is very smart, gentle-spirited, compassionate, and a good listener.   All wonderful traits that not many doctors have! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
93	1	 Dr. Cadiz is excellent. He takes all the time you need to discuss your health & doesn't rush you out.   Real good about calling in Scripts if they can't get you in 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
93	1	 DR. CADIZ, IS VERY KNOWLEDGABLE AND HAS A GREAT BED SIDE MANOR. HE TAKES TIME FOR YOU AND EXPLAINS WHAT IS GOING ON. HE GIVES YOU TIME TO ASK QUESTIONS ABOUT YOU ILLNESS. HE IS A GREAT DOCTOR AND I WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND HIM. P.S. HIS OFFICE STALL IN FESTUS IS THE GREATEST VERY FRIENDLY AND HELPFUL.  		5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
94	1	 She is a very friendly doctor, reminds me of a very kind grandmother. She explains stuff in good detail. She is helping me with my major depression. She seems very concern with my well-being.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
98	1	commentsDr. Campbell is awesome! I have been to many chiropractors before but none have helped me as much as Dr. Campbell. I have had low back pain for years and now I am finally getting relief. I just had to find the right doctor and I highly recommend her to everyone. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
