dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
3	1	 went to Dr.Ukena for 2 years, had 2 crowns done, full upper denture and lower partial.  All are doing fine.  Had a problem at first with teeth falling out of upper denture (twice), they are fine now and it has been over a year, only reason i changed dentists is became of travel distance.  	5	5	4	4	Insurance:Delta DentalPaid/Co-pay:N/A
14	1	commentsHAS BEEN VERY HELPFUL IN MY TREATMENT. GOOD BEDSIDE MANNERS 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
19	-1	commentsthis physician was not freiendly at all. her staff acted as if they did not care about our needs. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	 Very interested in diagnoses rather than just treating symptoms.  Extremely thorough testing for unexplained symptoms.  A little quirky, but a happy guy, and above all, a fabulous physician.  	4	3	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
36	1	commentsI found Dr.Ure to be extremely helpful and proficent at explaining my situation and what he was going to do and why. 5 stars in my Book 	4	3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	commentsI would recommend dr.ure before any other doctor. He is very knowledgeable, and he takes his time with each patient. Most doctors spend maybe 5 minutes in the room with you while Ure spends anywhere from 20-30 minutes with each of his patients. He actually cares about his patients and is more then willing to go the extra mile to make sure he is doing everything he can to help his patients with their medical problems. 	4	3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
36	-1	 I have brought in my son to the ER in Brookfield, MO on 2 separate occassions. One he was 4 months old having seizures and foaming at the mouth he would only fill out the paper work and did not even look at my son who was seizing on the table.  Him and the staff were telling jokes, talking about the weekend plans, ect..While my son continued with seizures.  When we asked for his attention they asked us to change our tone of voice and that his heart rate was normal so he was going to be fine.  We ended up leaving immediately and driving 2 hrs to another facility (Children's Hospital in Columbia) where he was admitted for 6 days under observation and the final diagnosis was he had epilespy.  This doctor is such a jack ass he has no business being in the medical field.  He refused to take his blood or even really pay attention to his seizures...Very incompetent.  Spoke to the CO of this hospital and they dismissed any charges due to his behavior.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:CIGNAPaid/Co-pay:N/A
36	-1	 This is hands-down the worst doctor I have come across! I seen him in the ER. For my pain in the foot, he gave me a &quot;lecture&quot; on the use of aspirin and told me it was so much better than modern medicines. Then he proceeded to tell me to take aspirn 2 tablets 3 times a day. When I asked him what dose, he said, &quot;Oh it doesn't matter.&quot; So in that effect (if I didn't know any better) by his directions, I could have taken aspirin 500 mg 2 tablets 3 times a day. Add it up; that 3000 mg of aspirin a day! On top of that, I seen him standing at the nurses' station, dancing and flapping in his arms in the air in amusement over something on a cell phone, while I waited to get the x-ray results back. It cost me 1000 dollars to see him for 30 seconds.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
38	1	commentsHe's been our family doctor since 1986. Taking care of my grandmother, mom and myself. Has always been a kind, caring doctor to all of us, old &amp; young. Prior to Dr. Uhrig my grandmother almost died of being over medicated. She was taking 11 medications and Doc took her down to 4. Her health greatly improved. 1994 When she was 89 and at the end of her life he was very caring and there for us. He made the process of her dying easier so that she was peaceful and painless and no longer suffering. I will always appreciate his kindness towards my grandmother. 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	 Dr. Utterson is seeing my 2 year old for stomach pain.  She did several tests on him and when I called her after hours number on the weekend she personally called me back.  She answered all of my questions and didn't make me feel rushed at all.  She was great with my son during the appointment too.  	4	3	4	4	Insurance:AetnaPaid/Co-pay:N/A
46	1	 Dr. Upchurch is very caring, and he takes all the time neccesary for a thorough understanding at the patient's level of understanding.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
46	1	 Outstanding young neurologist.  Seems very compassionate, and understanding.  Visit was excellent.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
55	1	 Dr. Uhls has always answered any questions that I have had.  I had to have surgery and she was awesome.  I would recommend her.  She is very knowledgeable in her field of work.  I would not want another physician.  I have moved from Cape and live an hour away and will continue to use her as my OBGYN.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
55	-1	 Rude, poor bedside manner, dismissed my questions, made surgical mistake.   would not recommend or ever use again! 	3	3	2	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
55	1	 Dr. Uhls is all business and very professional.  She took all the time I needed her to take and answered all of my questions thoroughly.  She does not &quot;sugar-coat&quot;, and she did roll her eyes when I admited that I had done something stupid- the same I behavior I would expect from someone who cares for my safety.  I love that she is a no-nonsense doctor, I do not expect to be babied when I see my physician.  She pro-actively tested, diagnosed, and treated my medical issues.  She's a wonderful physician.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:AnthemPaid/Co-pay:N/A
55	-1	commentsThis doctor was not &quot;no nonsense,&quot; as the previous rater said.  She was plain rude.  I sat waiting in the exam room for a very long time, ten minutes of which she was talking about her weekend with a nurse RIGHT outside my door.  A full ten minutes-- I watched the clock.  Very unprofessional.  She very obviously cringed with disgust when I moved down to the edge of the bed for the pap.  (I have excellent hygiene and am in shape and had carefully bathed, as is polite for a patient to do).  I do not know what her problem was.  She laughed at my questions about my menstrual cycle.  She did not answer them, besides saying that my abnormal cycle could be a result of any number of things, and laughed again.  She did not ask questions to try to help diagnose the problem, even when I was obviously worried.  I would NOT recommend this doctor to anyone.  She acted the whole time like i (and all other patients) were disgusting and a burden. 	2	1	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	 No nonsense attitude may seem a bit abrasive to some, but you know where you stand. She gives straight answers and is very receptive to answering questions.  If you want someone who sugar-coats things and just tells you what you want to hear-go to someone else.  	5	2	5	5	Insurance:AnthemPaid/Co-pay:N/A
55	-1	 Dr. Uhls treats you like you're a burden, not a person. She ignored my concerns and rudely told me what I'd been diagnosed with and treated for years for, didn't exist. She refused to refill my medication. I switched to Dr. Woolard and got the care that was best for me.  	4	3	2	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$20
61	1	commentsDr Utech will always listen to you and doesn't make you feel rushed and remembers who you are. She is thorough and takes the time to explain why she's prescribing something for you as well as what you should expect from it.She returns your call even if its 7pm. Her nurse Mary is great too and very friendly and pleasant to deal with. 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	 Takes a while to get in to her for the first time but she spends time  with you and listens.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$15
61	1	 I HAD A SINUS INFECTION AND SHE PUT ME ON ANTI BIOTICS AND CLEARD IT UP.  THE BEST DOCTOR I HAVE EVER BEEN TO, AND I WAS HESITANT AT FIRST GOING TO A FEMALE DOCTOR SINCE I AM MALE, BUT SHE IS THROUGH AND VERY COMPITENT.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
61	-1	commentsDr. Utech is nice but doesn't like to prescribe antibiotics. I was made to suffer through a horrible sinus infection for 2 weeks, and I finally went to another doctor that helped me clear it up. She also is too busy with too many clients now. 		4	1	3	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	 I do not want too many people to know how great Dr. Utech is. I'm afraid she will get swamped if everyone finds out.  		5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
61	1	commentsDr. Utech is the best! I agree that if she ever moves I'll have to move too. My daughter and I are also pleased that we can see a female doctor. I never feel stupid when asking her to explain something, and when she is not sure about something she doesn't hesitate to refer me to a specialist! Also, I am pleased she is a Christian and has Christian literature in her exam rooms. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	commentsI had some back pain. Dr. Utech being cautious ordered a CT scan which resulted in finding a mag. tumor in my left kidney. Kidney was removed and I'm still alive. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	 Dr. Utech is the best doctor I have ever had. She is so thorough, and really takes the time to listen to and get to know her patients.  If she ever moves, I will have to move with her! 		5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNAPaid/Co-pay:$10
61	1	 Very thorough doctor who really goes out of her way to make sure you feel taken care of. Her nurse Mary is also a doll! The only downside is some of her front of the office staff is a little unfriendly and don't smile alot but the Dr.  and her nurse are awesome! 		5	5	5	Insurance:HealthPartnersPaid/Co-pay:N/A
63	1	 can not get a straight answer from front office staff.  validate with your own insurance program if you are covered with this doctor.  Do not take office staff info - they will tell you that you are covered.  Office staff is not knowledgeable about insurance, and will not explain anything adequately.  complete double talk.  doctor is excellent, but office staff is smug, condescending, needs to be replaced.  	1	5	3	5	Insurance:Delta DentalPaid/Co-pay:N/A
70	1	commentsvery friendly and caring. Felt well cared for 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
