dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	I loved Dr. Hierlmeier! He's the best!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	greatest doctor ever, and I went to many of them.  Thank you for helping me! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthFirst
3	1	Have used him for years and have worked with him at Gilmore Hospital(i am a RN). He is incredibly smart and thorough. Very good doctor. 	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	Saw Dr Hathcock a few times and results are generally the same. Good all around attitude and tries to actually help people in need. Other doctors could use him for an example to be like but then healthcare would have to change. We all know that is not going to happen. 	5	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	One of the few Doctors in area who really seem to care about their patients. 	4	2	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
4	0	 		3	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	He has been very helpful since we located to this state with myself and both my daughters...Big thumbs up to himself and Shelly.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Hamiltons for 11 years now.He has seen me through 3 pregnancies and actually delivered 2 of them.He actually listens and will even research to give you the most up to date info.He really cares about his patients.I have laughed with him and at him and even cried on his shoulder.He answers any and all questions both myself and my husband have ever had.When I was went into labor 4 weeks early,he knew I was afraid to go home for fear of having the baby at home so he let me stay on until I felt comfortable going home.He then allowed me to be induced 2 weeks early so I would have my little one in the hospital.He also allowed me to have my epidural early as he knew how terrified I was of the idea of having to give birth naturally again.His nurses are also great.They talk to me like a person or a friend and not just a patient. I always feel very comfortable at my appointment which is not an easy thing to be when you are at the female doctor :) 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	-1	I had an automobile accident and was in the hospital 10 days.  My legs and neck  were in severe pain and had no feeling in the lower part of my body.  This Dr. stood at the foot of my bed and said two different times, &quot;I don't know where the pain is coming from.&quot;  I was released and went to a neighboring city and the Dr. that saw me there (It took me 2 months to get this new appointment) immediately did test and came into my hospital room at 10:00 p.m.  and told me that I had a crushed spinal cord and compression.  I was then sent to a neurosurgeon and had surgery but the compression and crushed spinal cord had been going on for too long and I have permanent nerve damage to my legs.  I have been told that I cannot be released to return to work and have no income or insurance as my employment has been terminated.  No I would never recommend this Dr. Hashmat from Meridian, Mississippi.  The two Drs that saw me in Jackson, Ms are baffled why this condition wasn't found when the acc happ.  	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	1	. Was helpful In treatment and diagnosis as well would recommend him 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	-1	Rude, impatient; does not answer questions, uncaring. He does speak perfect English, however. But he answers all my questions with an emphatic &quot;no&quot;, no matter how detailed the information requested.  	1	4	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	Dr Head is a great doctor. Her staff is wonderful and very knowledgable. The office is clean and beatifully decorated. There is a huge fish tank in the waiting room for the childern to look at.  I will never go any where else with my childern! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
8	1	Specialist in MS, though he also does general neurology. 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	Dr. Heath is very well educated, graduating head of her surgery class.  She is very patient, understanding and caring with her patients.  Her patients love her and she is highly recommended in the community.  One mark of a good doctor is how that doctor is regarded by other doctors, nurses and hospital employees.  Dr. Heath is highly respected by others in the medical field.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
9	1	dr. health was perfect!!she diagonosed me and healed me and i thank her so much. on top of this she did every think she could to help me get threw this horrible issue and was never rude to me or anyone in my family.  she is a wonderful person and also a wonder docter!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
9	1	In my opinion, Dr. Gina Heath was honest, caring, and made me feel like it was very important that I get the best care possible, which I believe I received. I would recommend her to anyone. She has a wonderful bedside manner, listened to my problems and questions, was very reasonably priced, and made me feel that giving me the best care possible was her goal. I would give her and A+ rating... 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	. wonderful doctor! very knowledgeable - won't do unnecessary surgeries! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	0	 	4	4	5	1 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	. knowledgeable,instrucions easy to understand, 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
11	-1	I agree, he cared more about his patients when he first started.  Now he can care less.  You can't get this guy on the phone.  You probably have a better chance of contacting the president of the U.S.  Your just a number in his book.  You call his office and can't get a straight answer from anyone.   He needs to make more time for his patients and call them back when they call. 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	. HE IS ALWAYS THERE FOR ME AND SAVED MY LIFE MORE THAN ONCE WHEN OTHERS REFUSED 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
11	1	i have seen dr.homayuni since june 2005.i have atrial fibrillation.i don't need surgery.it's a matter of medication and diet and exercise.i find dr.homayuni very helpful and knowledgeable.he answers my concerns.i'm glad i have him.i think he's a great doctor.his staff is excellent too.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HIP
11	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
11	-1	he has 100 + pts a day.insane way to care for people. he doesnt even look at you never mind your cardiogram. his staff is so young and inexperienced its scarry. years ago he was the best, should reconsider what he is doing!!!!!!!!! would NEVER go back!!! 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	he is an outstanding cardiologiist and saved my life when other doctors didnt bother to care. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	Great experience.  Dr. Herrin is wonderful. Pain free experience.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
12	1	Great dentist--kind, patient with me and my children.   So glad I have finally found a dentist who is competent, kind, and doesn't hurt!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
13	0	Dr. Harkins is my cardiac specialist and regulates my medications with blood work. When very ill, called for an appointment, was told to go see primary physician for a work up and submit a referal. I was unable to obtain a physician that day, however I did see a nurse pract. When I visited his office, He had to help me to the car, and instructed me to go to the nearest hospital stat.  I went to River Oaks hospital where I received multiple infusions of blood and was a patient for 5 days.  During all of this time, Dr. Harkins did not visit at any time.  The discharge paper stated for me to see Dr. Harkins on the day I was discharged.  When I contacted his office, I was given an appointment for the following month. This is not a doctor to rely on in an emergency. 	2	1	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
14	0	Very short tempered.  He has the &quot;Napoleon Syndrome&quot;.  He may be knowledgeable in his field, but his bedside manner with parents has a lot to be desired.  	3	1	1	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	1	Dr. Hitt was very kind to our child when he had surgery.  He made him laugh and took away his nervousness.  He was very friendly and made us feel much better. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	-1	Dr. Hitt was my anesthesiologist when I had shoulder surgery in 2007.  They did a block for post op pain.  He inserted the needle too deep and hit the pherenic nerver than goes to the right lung and paralized my lung diaphram.  Now my diaphram is permanetly paralized and I have developed ashtma in the other lung. No one has taken responsibilty for this and he would not even come and talk to me.  If someone has to have surgery, I recommend that they ask for someone other than him.  	1	4	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	-1	Doctor has an arrogant attitude and poor bedside manner.  Does nothing to put the patient or family at ease and provided very little information unless he was asked specifically by me or my family.  This is based on 3 emergency room visits for 3 different situations involving an eye injury and a heart attack and another heart incident. Thank goodness for the other medical staff who gave good care.  	4	2	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	-1	This doctor treated my grandfather, who is in very poor health, like an animal.He talked down to both him and my grandmother.  He acted like they were stupid for even coming into the hospital. I do not recommend anyone to see this particular doctor.  Baptist Desoto has been very good to my grandparents in the past, so I don't want to discredit them. They are not to blame. This doctor was very rude and unhelpful. I thought a doctor's job was to take care of his/her patient's and to treat them with respect. I hope this man never has to experience what my grandfather did last night. VERY UNPROFESSIONAL!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	Best doctor in Batesville. Only doctor in Batesville if you want someone to cover ALL your problems without being questioned. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	Dr. Holbert is amazing.  He is the best doctor in the world.  I highly suggest using him.  He treats the whole person, body, mind, and soul.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	1	Dr.Holbert has been my doctor since 1980 during the years we lived in this area. He is a very knowledgeable and caring man, I cannot say enough good about him as a doctor and a person. If it weren't for Dr. Holbert I wouldn't be alive today. He believed there was something wrong with me and that it wasn't in my head, and he was right. I had a pulmonary embolisim that didn't show up on the first test. I thought I was going crazy. A great christian doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
18	1	On my first visit to this doctor, I felt as if I was blessed to be in the the precence of God himself! He prayed with me first.  I was in pretty bad shape emotionally, which I knew, but was not aware of the poor phisical condition I was in.  I had lost 20 lbs in 5 months and was SCARED! I could not eat, could not sleep and was always tired. This doctor made me believe in myself and God that is in me.  Thank you very much Dr Holbert.  After treating my medical conditions, I have gained my weight back, have no problems at all and am doing well.  This is a GREAT doctor with a wonderful and caring staff. Once again, Thank you for helping me get better.  I LOVE YALL111 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
18	1	Dr. Holbert is outstanding. Very friendly and extremely knowledgable. Takes all the time you need to diagnose and treat his patients. He is a caring person who is also very religious. I would recommend Dr. Holbert to anyone.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	Dr.Melissa Holland was such a joyful doctor during my first pregnacy. She made things seems so simple and easy. I would recommend her to anyone for their next delivery. I actually had a emergency c-section with my first child, i was so nervous when i was rushed into the ER for my surgey. She was right there beside waiting patiently for my husband to arrive for the birth of our son. She truely cares about the patient more than any other doctor i have seen in the past.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
19	1	the best doctor i have ever been to! i loved her throughout my first pregnancy and would recommend her to every pregnant woman. she knows her stuff and is very personable. I'm heartbroken i cant use her for my second pregnancy.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
19	1	I am so pleased with Dr. Holland. She is knowledgeable and caring. When her office staff have overbooked her, she has been apologetic but professional. When we initially discussed surgery, she told me she wanted to tell me everything about the surgery because, &quot;I don't want you to go home and Google this, and say 'She didn't tell me that.'&quot; During my surgery when she noted unforseen complications, she quickly called in another surgeon to assist. She kept my husband informed during the surgery as well. She treats me like a human being, looks me in the eye when I talk, answers all my questions, and asks me if I have any other questions. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	Excellent bedside manner.  Made me very comfortable and would not think of using anyone else.   Love her! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	Dr. Holland is amazing! A friend recommended her to me and now I have recommended her to many of my other friends. We all love her! She is very patient whenever I have questions. Also, Dr. Holland makes you feel like you are her most important patient.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
19	1	Great person and doctor. She is actually concerned for her patients well being physically and emotionaly. She always has a smile on her face. She was my doctor as well as my sister in laws doctor. She treated both of us as a friend. In fact it was my sister in laws recommendation that made me chose her for my second pregnancy.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	What an amazing woman!  She was the on-call physician when I delivered just seven days ago. She was so wonderful; I am now going to start using her as my primary dr.after being with my doctor for nearly nine years.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
19	1	Dr. Holland is a caring, helpful doctor. She has treated me through cervical precancer and is delivering my baby. I'm very happy with her. She always takes time to listen to my questions and concerns, and takes my concerns seriously.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	Dr. Holland always make me feel like I'm her only patient. She doesn't rush through my appointment and always has time for questions. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	-1	This Doctor was rude and condescending.  He didn't listen to me at all.  He didn't even examine me or run one test.  I would NOT recommend him to Anyone!!  I went for help and got nothing but insults and rude comments!!!!  He even told me I was fat.  I'm 5'10&quot; and weigh 173.  I'm not skinny but I not huge either!  What a JERK!!!!  He's lucky my husband didn't deck him! 	4	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	-1	very condescending....doesn't listen.... talks constantly 	5	1	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
21	1	Great overall experience. I will be back. Doctor was great and staff were helpful. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	this was a great dentist. the hole family has been using him for years 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	-1	This dentist does not have a good personality. He's not good at all with children. He made my 5 year old daughter's last visit to the dentist extremely traumatic because of his treatment of her and the way her talked to her. We will not be going back to this very rude dentist! 		3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	He's gentle, caring, skilled and an expert in  his field of medicine.  He's not greedy and  doesn't do procedures that aren't necessary.  He has a well-trained, top-notch staff.  He's a good dentist and a good man. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	I kept seeing Dr. Herring for 3 years before I moved from Starkville. He is very knowledgeable and very nice. I used to have very severe periodontitis and had a few teeth loose. He recommended deep cleaning and answered all my questions to my satisfaction. He also referred me an excellent periodontist to treat the deepest pockets by surgery. My teeth are much healther after Dr. Herring's treatment.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
23	1	Great doctor!  I would highly recommend this doctor to anyone.  He is always on time and very nice.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
23	1	Wonderful bedside manner. Listens to you and trys to find the right medicine and treatment to your specific needs.  	4	5	5	4 	Insurance:Medicare
24	1	treats his pt. like their stupid. that he doesn't have time to take care fo them 	1	1	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	Dr. Houin Very  concerned and helpful. Took time and explained things in detail.  So satisfied that I took 2 relatives to him and his great staff.----------------------------------------------     However, Dr. Burk at same location a different story. No patience and money hungry!  Wanted to charge $50 to look at my chart when I requested some additional free sample medication. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
27	0	 	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
28	-1	I use Gautier Medical Clinic for its convenient location, but I have seen the light!  I went in this week for a sinus infection and came out scheduled for an echocardiogram and stress test (I am 40, eat a good diet, and exercise regularly).  This was all based on my complaint that I felt like my medicine didn't go down right and was stuck in my esophagus.  They did an EKG for this (&#63;&#63;&#63;), which came out fine, but they still scheduled an echcardiogram and stress test, which I'm cancelling.  I felt taken advantage of, to say the least.  I can't imagine my insirance would pay for those things for nothing!  BTW, you will rarely ever see the actual &quot;doctor&quot; as his nurse practitioner takes most patients.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	i am waiting to get my services rendered 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	Dr. Honeycutt and his staff were very polite, helpful and knowledgeable.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
32	1	good doctor very nice man office staff is very friendly 	5	5	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	GREAT DOCTOR!                        When dealing with such emotionally charged,highly complex,and seriously stressful issues as addiction and recovery, it is imperative to have a doctor (and staff) who not only is very experienced but keenly capable and deeply compassionate in the process of helping to transform the lives of those in their care. Dr.Hambleton is just such a doctor!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	Dr. Hood delivered my son. I had some complications in labor, and most physicians would have performed a c-section. I was very adamant that I wanted to deliver vaginally... He did everything within his power to make sure this happened! He is not one of the many doctors who will do a 5:00pm c-section because he has other plans!! His bedside manner is better than any physician I've been to.  I would recommend him to any of my family or friends!!  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	1	I was referred to Dr Hood by a friend of mine and I am so glad I was! I absolutely love going to the doctor as long as its him.  The staff is awesome and Dr Hood is the best! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
34	1	Dr. Hood is a caring sweet Dr. The best I have seen. He's been my doctor four years. I won't see any other doctor 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	I adored Dr. Hood. He was so nice and made me feel extremely comfortable throughout my entire pregnancy. In fact, I wish he were my regular physican so I could see him more frequently...  :) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
34	1	Have had different gynos before and did not like them. I just put up with it. When I got pregnant with my first child I was blessed to find Dr. Hood.  I could'nt have asked for more a kinder, caring doctor than  he is! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	1	Robert Heath is an excellent physician but his best attribute is bedside manner.  He has always treated us as equals, explains everything in detail, and is very personable.  We would highly recommend him to anyone.  Bob is also very good at talking to you like a friend, including kicking you in the rear end if you need it.  Our experience with Canadian-trained doctors has shown them to be more patient-centered and down-to-earth than their American counterparts.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	1	. Dr heath us an absolutely fantastic physician very knowledgable spends time with you wants to be sure you understand your condition and how to treat it 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
35	1	I've been seeing Dr. Heath for about 15-18 years now and will not go anywhere else for general health issues. He is very attentive to my problems, makes prescriptions only after fully assessing my symptoms, changes medications when symptoms persist, and refers to specialists when he is unusure of treatment plan. I would recommend Dr. Heath to anyone in our area. Very good man............  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
35	1	I have been seeing Dr. Heath since 2000. Because of his thoroughness, he discovered I had cancer before any symptoms manifested.  He has a very warm, caring personality. He is very knowledgeable and keeps current on health issues and spends as much time as necessary answering any and all questions I may have about my health problems or prescriptions he gives me. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	Great orthodontist! Highly recommend this practice. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
37	-1	.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
38	1	Dr. Handley is always friendly and helpful.  And I have not had to wait for any unreasonable amounts of time.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
39	1	Love Dr. Henderson. No only does he look good but he is good at what he do. All questions asked are important to him and he treats you as if he is related to you. Love this man! But no more babies for me... first and last!! ;-) 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
39	1	. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!! He shows concern by listening and he made me feel comfortable about asking question, to which he gave great feedback!!! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
39	1	Dr. Henderson is caring and compassionate. Because he delivers babies and sometimes they don't cooperate with his schedule, he is sometimes late. When it is my turn, though, he takes time to answer questions and doesn't seem to be rushed or exhausted. He answers questions as though the answer is as important to him as to the patient. I'm glad he is my doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	1	My visit was mis-filed with my insurance company and Dr. Henderson's office refused to change it, so I was stuck paying a bill I didn't anticipate at all, and that would have been covered by my insurance if appropriately filed.  	1	1	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	1	I really like Dr. Henderson. He saw me during my second pregnancy. My first baby was born premature and Dr. Henderson kept an extra close watch on me during this one. Every time I though something did not seem right, he would do a sonogram on me to check the baby. He did everything he could to make sure that everthing was o.k. I ended up having to have an emergency c-section 6 weeks early, and he came to the hospital to do the surgery and he wasn't even on call that day. He really cares for his patients. I will definately use him again. 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	I was very happy with my prenatal care and delivery experience with this doctor. He is kind, personable, and understanding. My only problem is the ridiculously long waits I often endured at the office. It probably isn't his fault, but I suspect he could do something to improve the situation. 	5	1	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	My husband and I tried for 3 years before being referred to Dr. Hines. As we entered the process, I found Dr. Hines to be extremely caring and helpful. We endured 2 unsuccessful rounds of IVF before finally getting pregnant with a FET, and our baby is due in October. Dr. Hines always took time to listen to our concerns and questions. I did a lot of online research throughout the process, and he was always very helpful in answering my questions about other procedures and why they would/would not work for us. I felt like he was 100% invested in us, and I truly felt like he cared about our success. He and several others on his staff have become personal friends, and I wouldn't hesitate to recommend him to someone else.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
40	-1	I'm very uncomfortable with the rude lady named Mary up front at Dr. Hines office. First impressions are critical and her demeanor is extremely rude. I hate having to greet or speak with her over the phone and have read comments on forums and reviews stating the same thing as I have seen regarding this woman. Some reviews stated that they have actually declined medical treatment at this facility BECAUSE of her bigotry. I thought I was the only one considering this. I was truly disgusted when she kept asking me if I had paid a bill TWO weeks after an appointment. I usually wait a few weeks after my insurance pays. When she asked, I had already paid EARLY. She refused to answer my question and was only concerned about money. She is just a receptionist. This is the duty of billing who never had any issues with me. Because if this I will go elsewhere. I have PLENTY of money and WONDERFUL insurance. I refuse to see a Dr. who hires rude staff. 	2	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	Our experience with Dr. Hines and his staff was more than excellent! It was pleasantly memorable! After going to another fertility specialist in the area and not having a successful or pleasant experience, we can truly say that Dr. Hines and his staff made us feel as if we were the only patients he had in the IVF cycle. Thank you Dr.  Hines and staff for making our dreams come true! Our sweet baby girl made her entrance in August and we are on cloud nine! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	1	Just a few words to describe Dr. Hines would be caring, compassionate, and understanding. He was always willing to personally talk to my husband or myself on the phone. He never made us feel rushed. I can only speak positive words about him. His nurses are just as wonderful.  However, his front office lady made us feel uncomfortable on more than one occasion. She made us feel like we were bothering her each time we called. I would almost dread calling just because of having to talk to her. I actually referred a friend to the practice that said the same thing. She  canceled her appt and scheduled with a different doctor in town because of how she felt when she called. If you can het past her unpleasant attitude, you will feel so comfortable with Dr. Hines and his precious nurses.  	2	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
40	1	Since I have only one Repro Endocrinology Dr. in my area and the waiting list was 6 to 8 weeks out, I drove all the way from Florida to Jackson Mississippi to have surgery. All I have to say Dr. Randell Hines EXCELLENT! The staff EXCELLENT. The Dr.  and staff truely care about their patients and truely go above and beyond to give the best patient care possible:) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
40	1	After having trouble getting pregnant we were referred to Dr. Hines. He was so nice and very patient with all of our questions. He took time to make sure that we understood our options and even took our many phone calls. After exploring all of our options thanks to Dr. Hines and his staff we are now expecting our first. I would  recommend him to all of our friends and family.  He is the BEST!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	1	My wife (and I) saw Dr. Hines after a very tough miscarriage and struggle with infertility.  We had been to 2 others doctors without clear answers or results.  After two years of trying (only 6 months with Dr. Hines) we have a baby on the way!  As someone who has grown up around physicians and has worked in the medical field, I can, without a doubt say, Dr. Hines has an EXCELLENT bedside manner.  He was always willing to answer our random questions and offered hope to us, while also being very realistic.  I would not go to anyone else.  In addition, his staff are very helpful and equally caring.  They share the journey with you.  By far, one of the best doctors I have EVER interacted with.  I have no reservations about recommending him and his staff to anyone in the same situation.   They are great! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	1	Excellent doctor who truly cares. Thorough and kind nurses. Fertility is a long process but Dr. Hines and his staff will get you through it.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	-1	AVOID this doctor.  HORRIBLE bedside manner.  There are SO MANY BETTER reproductive doctors out there.  Do not waste your time like we did. He does not do what is in the best interest for his patients.  He does not care.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
41	1	Dr Harper is always very professional and helpful.  She addresses all of my questions and concerns.  I have never had to wait more than 10 minutes.  The staff is very nice and friendly.  I have total confidence in her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
41	-1	Did not address my medical issue. Staff was rude and bad mouthed other patients openly after they left. Long waits in waiting room.Had to go to another doctor to resolve medical issue.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
41	-1	2 hrs. or more in waiting room several times. Was left in exam room,fell asleep & woke up 2hrs.later cold. Appointments had to be made 8 months in advance,even in emergencies. Rude staff. Overheard staff complaining & making fun of other patients out in the open hallway in front of other patients. Ignored my medical complaints.ended up with another MD who had to perform a hysterectomy because medical issues had been ignored for so long.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
42	1	HE'S A PERSON THERE WHEN NEED OR THE FAMILY HAVE QUESTONS ON FAMILY MEMBER 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	Great physician, easy to talk to and approachable.  Friendly staff and prompt service.  Overall, excellent experience.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
43	1	The staff, nurses and doctor were very personable and helpful. I felt like I was important to each of them.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	1	Dr. Harless is absolutly wonderful! He's very caring. Has a great personality. Never in a rush, and knows his s**t! We love him........ Wanda and Tammy 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
43	-1	His personality leaves something to be desired. Medical skills are okay.  		3	1	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
43	1	&quot;HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS EXCELLENT DOCTOR&quot; 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	Dr. Harman is very knowledgeable, patient and willing to listen to your concerns. He does not over schedule and your office wait is never very long. I would recommend him highly.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
44	1	VERY GOOD UNDERSTANDING DOCTOR!! LISTENS TO PATIENTS NEEDS AND DOES A GOOD JOB AT FINDING SOLUTION TO PROBLEM! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	Dr. Harman is a very smart Dr. He is very sweet dispositioned. Always friendly with a smile and takes very good care of his patients. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	-1	Didnt spend much time with me, but spent plenty of time arguing with his office manager/wide. So very unprofessional! 	3	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
45	0	i didnt find him to have a very good 'bed side' manner, in fact most times he sat there and yawned.i never knew when he was going to be in a bad mood or brusk with me.  	2	1	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	1	I love Dr. Heitzman, if you have to wait, be patient, he will spend as much time as you or your one requires.  He is an awesome, and caring physician.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
45	1	I have used him for years. This man is a gifted diagnostician. I think he is one of the best physicians I have ever consulted.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	1	 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	Dr. Hammack is THE best doc I've had. He listens to the concern and will go beyond expectations to help. He is truly concerned about one's well being, rather than the number of clients he can bill in a day. Not sure why I'm recommending him...if everyone found out how great he is, I would never be able to get an appointment :) 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	Dr. Hammack's office is very clean and the staff is super nice. There have been times when I didn't have an appointment and I was still in and out pretty quickly. They really know how to manage time! Everytime I take any of my kids in, Dr. Hammack is very professional and explains things thoroughly. He is easy to talk to because he listens to everything you have to say before responding.   He was able to get my child a diagnosis that his pediatrician could not do.  Dr.  Hammack has been a great family doctor for us so far! I would highly recommend this doctor if you are looking for a great family doctor! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
46	1	Very professional office staff and clean new office.  Dr. Hammack was on time and explained things very well.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
47	1	While Dr Hester conducted the testing used, it seemed as though he really wanted to obtain as many details as possible to make his diagnosis. He makes you feel comfortable and confident in the treatment plan that he puts in place. I also believe he could not have refered me to a better MD to figure out the type and amount of medication needed to help me. Life has been completely different and its outlook brightened ever since I left his office.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	-1	This doctor did not want to see me, did not want to treat me and overlooked my symptoms.  Because of this, two weeks after seeing her I was diagnosed with bilateral optic neuritis and multiple sclerosis.  She was rude and lied about tests for MS.  I know because I am a nurse. This group treats people bad because they are the only neuro group in area.  I am not the only dissatisfied patient of hers. My family physician says his patients he has to send to her always come back unsatisfied.  I will never use her again and neither will any of my family.  I use a real neuro, Dr. LaGanke in Cullman, AL.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	1	He's an amazing Doctor. I like him and have recommended many of my friends to him in which they used, too. I used him for when I had daughter 6 yrs ago and then for my son 2 1/2 yrs ago. Makes me feel comfortable right away. Very funny man.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
49	-1	He never answered my questions and was rude. I had a very Painful pregnancy &amp; he didn't give me any information on what was wrong. Now I can't stand for long periods or walk long distances without pelvic pain.  	4	4	1	2 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
49	1	i have had nothing but wonderful experinces with Dr.Horn and his staff, they know me by name. They have made things really comfortable for me... i would never like to go anywhere else.  Thank you all! I could never say it enough! Ya'll are the best! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
49	0	I left this practice mid pregnancy due to the fact I always felt rushed and despite asking, many of my questions were often left unanswered by the haste of both Dr. Horn and the staff. I understand that this is a high volume office, but women don't take their prenatal health lightly. I probably would have stayed at this practice had the doctor and nurses taken a little more time to listen to my questions and concerns. 	2	3	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
49	-1	i had my daughter may 20 2009. dr horn didnt make it to deliver her my nurse had to.the next day i had my tubes tied went for my six week cheakup i was still in alot of pain.the nurse pract, blowed if off as nothing 2yrs later i am in the worst pain ever.i vomit every morning my stomach swels to look like iam 5 or 6 mouth and they did nothing i now am seeing dr albert diaz paying cash money to be fixed.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
49	1	I  like how fast he was.. He did a wonderful job on my c-section:) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
49	-1	Dr. Horn is horrible! His staff is very unprofessional and rude. He is rude most of the time, and when you go into labor he takes his sweet time about getting there and blows you off like you dont know what you are talking about etc. I know a lot of people who have had numerous complications after giving birth as well mostly with infection after c-section, and vaginal delivery, because he acts like he is in such a rush he does his job poorly. My son came out face up and then Dr Horn did not hold his head correctly and it fell and almost broke his neck during birth. The nurses were the ones telling me this including my husband. I would NOT recommend him to anyone. When I have my choice again it will def. be Dr. Christie in Ocean Springs.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Tricare
49	1	As I,ve gotten in those post-menopausal years, I have become more reluctant to go to any obgyn and with past experience with doctors and their readiness to put me on perscriptions that I felt I didn't need and after stating my concerns, I would get &quot;Oh at your age I'm sure you'll feel better with this&quot;. Well, i&quot;m the kind of girl that believes If it's not broke don't fix it. Long story short, after eight years of just my GP I decided to go to an OBGYMN and Dr. Horn was recommended by a relative. I was very apprehensive, but, Dr.Horn came into the exam room and shook my hand and introduced himself to me. His personally instantly relaxed me. He talked to &quot;ME&quot; the whole time He was examining me. After he realized that I had not had test done in eight years, He reassured me that this was very important and made me feel he really cared. I am extremely happy with my new OBGYN. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
49	-1	I just did not feel comfortable the time I saw Dr Horn. He was not dressed very professional. I really could not tell much about his staff they talked more to each other than to the patients.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	1	I have used Dr Horn for Almost 3 years, and have always been very happy. I fill so comfortable with him, and his staff is always on key. i will always be glad to say Dr Horn is my Doctor. I have been trying to get Pregneant the last year, and he has been so helpful and patient with me and my husband. I have had a lot of questions and he never has rushed me or made me fill stupid. I love Dr horn.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	1	I was scared to visit an OB/GYN when I turned 18. My mom told me that I had to go anyway because I was having problems. When I met Dr. Horn I became comfortable. He's very funny and down to earth, and he made my visit a little easier. I would trust him with all my feminine problems. Great job Dr. Horn 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	He is patient, understanding, shows caring, and is very knowledgeable. Very intelligent and respectful.  I would trust myself, and the life of my unborn in his hands! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	1	Dr. Horn is a very funny guy who makes you feel very comfortable. He is funny and down to earth. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	Always has a good attitude. Looks out for the patient.  This is after 8+ visits with him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
50	-1	I waited 2 months for an appointment with a specialest.Then called to make sure he had not forgotten about me. I was told &quot;no you will be called with a date&quot;, 4 months later I was still waiting so I found another doctor who informed me that it was now to late to fix my problem.  	3	4	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	1	His staff has got to be the worst in Meridian and that is saying alot! It takes days for them to call you back and they are extremely rude everytime I go in there (once every 2 months atleast) They really just don't care. Even trying to get an appointment takes forever. The only reason I stay with Dr. Henderson is because he is a good doctor.  His whole entire upfront staff needs to be replaced! 	1	3	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	0	gives patients the run around when he doesn't want to fool with you. when you call for refils or info, staff does not call back in a timely fashion. it takes days. 	1	2	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	Dr Henderson is a great doctor and very personable.  He doesn't have an attitude or agenda, he doesn't mind talking to you.   Unlike others in Meridian, he is a great doc! 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	1	Dr. Henderson and the staff at Immediate Care Clinic are awesome! 	 1/25/10	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	Dr. Dan took care of my asthmatic/allergic son for two years. I am a nurse and I was very confident with his knowledge and care. He has a wonderful bedside manner with children! My son looked forward to going to his office. If we ever return to Meridian, I would look forward to him caring for my children.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
50	-1	When I went to see Dr Dan Henderson, he was in the office with his wife Dr.  Tammy Henderson, I became very unconfortable when I heard them shouting mean things at one another 		4	2	2 	Insurance:Medicare
51	1	Love LOve Love Dr. Harris!!!!! The receptionist i can do without entirely.  Not very nice and seems to have an attitude! 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
51	1	Dr. Joe is a wonderful doctor, he is nice and knowledgeable; however, his front desk receptionists and billing personnel are horrible. They are rude and could care less about patients. They mishandled my children’s insurance information and made the same mistake again and again. Try to see Dr. Joe at other locations if possible.  	1	3	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
51	1	Dr. Harris is a wonderful doctor. My son was referred to him for his ADD treatment. Dr. Harris sent us to a child psychologist who determined that my child had depression, not ADD. Joe Harris is a wonderful man, he is caring, compassionate AND ACTUALLY LISTENS TO THE PARENT!!! I would recommend anybody to take their child to him. I currently take both my children to Dr. Harris. Wonderful does not describe this man. He is the best pediatritian in north Mississippi! His nurse Opal is also a gem! He reminds me of the old doctors who actually gave a darn about their patients. He makes the children feel comfortable with him and not intimidated or frightened.  Love this man!!! Kristy Hunt Oxford Mississippi 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
51	1	Dr. Joe is a wonderful doctor. I have three children that have seen him since they were born. Also, we have another baby on the way who will without a doubt see him. I drive over an hour to take my children to him. I would never trust any other doctor with my children. The only problem I have is with the receptionists. They are extremely rude!! They will not offer help when needed. &quot;Dr. Joe, please get new receptionists.&quot; I would hate for them to cause you to lose my children as patients. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
51	1	I have taken both of my kids to Dr. Harris for every doctor visit they have ever had to have. They receive their checkups, shots, everything at his office. He sits down with you, discusses your children. He is very friendly. I highly recommend him. He is great! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	very thorough, spent time listening to concerns; non hurried approach 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
53	-1	.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	1	I am very satisfied with the surgery.  I have kept all the weight off - in fact lost an additional 5 pounds.  I have lost 90 pound total - and feel so much better mentally about myself. 	5	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
55	-1	This doctor took me off all my meds because he thought I had fibro. The problem with that is some of the meds I was taking had severe side effects when stopped abruptly. Therefore, I was sick as a dog for a week because of his stupid mistake. Turned out I didn't have fibro after all. THEN I found out the REAL reason he took me off my meds: SUBOXONE INDUCTION. I heard him tell a resident physician out in the hallway that &quot;these suboxone patients are an easy money maker&quot;. I never went back.  	5	3	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
56	1	I would highly recommond Doctor Price.  She is very knowledgable, explains procedures well, and is extremely kind and considerate.  I feel blessed to have her as one of my doctors.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
57	1	 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	My wife and I have both used Dr. Holday for neck and back surgeries...He is very understanding and did an excellent job...My wife is back to 100% after cervical surgery and I am still recovering from my 3rd back surgery.  The first 2 doctors could not get it right so I went to Dr. Holaday and he solved my problem..  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
58	-1	This man has no communication skills.  He does not comprehend what the patient tells him, and he does not make an effort to come up with alternative treatment plans if his first plan cannot be implemented.  Not someone who makes an effort to put his patient first. 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
58	-1	I found Dr. Holaday to be stand-offish and lacking in any type of patient communication.  He did not listen when I spoke, or if he listened he did not process the information and use it in his performance.  I would not recommend him to anyone. 	3	3	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
58	-1	Dr. Holaday seemed to be oblivious to the reality of my pre-existing condition.  When I spoke to him, he seemed unable to comprehend what I told him.  He sent me to St. Dominic's for an MRI, and then asked why I went to that provider.  He said he could not read the x-rays, but later decided he could read them on the computer.  It appeared that if my condition was not something he could treat with invasive tests or surgery, he wasn't interested in treating me at all.  	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Workers Comp
58	1	good 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
59	1	Good doctor and great nurse love them. I have been taking my kids for 5 years now and love it. 	5	4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
59	-1	I should have done my homework before going to see this doctor. Very poor communications and he obviously didn't read the patient intake forms that I filled out. There were a couple of medications that I wrote that I didn't like because they made me feel sick. What did Dr Hathorn do&#63;  Left the room and send his help back in with the same dang medicine. I should have checked before leaving but I expect my doctor to at least be courteous enough to listen to me and read what he asked me to fill out.   Do your research and see anybody else.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	-1	I've seen this MD about 5 times.  I have become increasingly disappointed with each visit.  His communications skills are very poor.  He does his exam and then leaves the room and doesn't return.  He sends his very unpleasant nurse in to tell you his rare instruction or to hand you prescriptions.  There have been a visit or two where he just says &quot;huh&quot; and that's the end of your interaction.  I expect a physician to at least attempt to explain how a medication is supposed to help, or the basic concepts of a diagnosis. Don't expect any information from him.  He repeatedly ordered tests and the staff never contacts you with results.  The most irritating thing is that he frequently wants to refer you to a &quot;specialist&quot; for every little thing.   Isn't the point of seeing a GP to get a diagnosis (or at least an attempted diagnosis)&#63;  If you are searching for more than a &quot;huh&quot; and a very expensive referral for a diagnosis that he should have made, then avoid this doctor! 	1	2	2	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
60	1	Very caring and empathetic. Took excellent care of my wife pre and post operatively.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
60	1	Failed to disclose expected need for blood during surgery.  Casually mentioned it after surgery was over like it was no big deal.  Thankfully, no blood was needed, but he said he *had* expected to need it before surgery ever started. 	4	5	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	This doctor is both very good and very honorable, even though he is reported to have once referred to himself as a &quot;Dog.&quot; 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
61	-1	he is the worst surgen on the earth he caused me to have to have a shoulder replacement do the his crapy work 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	Good man, nice to his patients. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	As a health professional myself, I can tell you that I don't know of a more talented and knowledgable family medicine doctor.  Dr. Harris listens to his patients very well and does all he can to help him.  He's the doctor all the nurses and staff want to see and who they send their families to see.  I would recommend him to anyone.  You won't find a more thorough or intelligent physician. 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
64	-1	not certified in any speciality 	2	2	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	GOOD DR.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unicare
66	1	I started using Dr. Hodges in early 2005 and will never go anywhere else for dental work! He is truly concerend about your comfort and contantly ask if you are ok through any work that he is doing for you. He is very knowledgable and is office staff are always very friendly. After major dental work (root canal, extractions, etc) he will call in the evening to make sure you are feeling well and aren't experiencing any problems or pain. Great dentist! Would recomend to everyone! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
67	-1	Not pleased at all!!! Bad attitude, waited for hours each time. Poor listener. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	THIS DOCTOR IS VERY KNOWLEDGEABLE. HE IS KIND BUT HE IS TO THE POINT AND SOME PEOPLE INTERPET THAT AS RUDE. BUT HE HAS MANY PATIENTS THAT HE HAS HAD FOR MANY MANY YEARS AND THEY LOVE HIM. HE WILL DO HIS BEST TO GET TO THE ROOT OF YOUR PROBLEM AND TREAT IT THE WAY HE THINKS IS BEST FOR YOU. HIS STAFF IS VERY KIND AND WILL BEND OVER BACKWARDS TO HELP YOU ANYWAY THEY CAN. EVERYONE HAS BEEN VERY KIND TO ME.  	5	2	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	-1	Not a good communicator, terrible bedside manner, does not listen to you, gets angry when asked for other options. Wait time min. of 2 hours usually, poor system.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
67	-1	Dr. Henserling's staff lost vital paperwork that I spent a significant amount of time compiling even though I delivered it to the office staff by hand on the day of my visit.  They intermingled another patient's records with mine and insisted repeatedly that I had seen a physician for testing that I had never seen.  Dr. Henserling initially told me that he could spend 2 days explaining to me what was wrong with me and I still would not understand it.  I was so upset when I left the office that bloodpressure escalated when I left the office and continued to be elevated into the following afternoon.  My daughter was very upset when she heard what happend and called the office to complain.  When she spoke to one of the staff and asked if that staffmember's parent had been treated in the same manner what would she have done and she told my daughter &quot;I probably would have gone to the doctor with my mother&quot;, as to imply that my daughter was to blame for my treatment.  The physician apologized 	1	5	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	1	DOCTOR IS CARING AND COMPASSIONATE, ALWAYS GOES BEYOND THE CALL OF DUTY TO HELP PATIENTS WITH MEDICAL CARE ISSUES. DOCTOR HAS A WONDER MANNERISM AND REALLY CARES FOR HIS PATIENTS WELL BEING.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	-1	Would not recommend at all!! Very unprofessional and would  not satisfied with the service of the staff nor was with Dr.  Hollister 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	1	He is very easy to talk to and will go over things very well.  Tends to go toward depression when symptoms do not point to anything clear though. He does take his time to look you over and has a great bedside manner.  I recommend him to most people.  	5	3	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	1	The BEST!  He is so kind and helped us at one of the worst times in our Family.  He makes you feel important and is knowledgeable. Our Family goes to him and we all love him 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	Dr. Hollister is the absolute best.  He is kind, considerate and really listens to you.  He is very complete in diagnosis.  He has been my Dr. for a good number of years and I have never had a complaint.  He really cares about his patients and it shows.  He treats them with respect which is rare these days.  I would recommend him to anyone needing a Dr.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
68	1	I CAN ALWAYS ASK HIM ANYTHING AND HE TELLS ME LIKE IT IS. HE NEVER LIES TO ME AND ALWAYS HAS TIME TO TALK TO ME. NEVER RUSHES ME OUT OF HIS OFFICE.  GREAT GUY!!! 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	-1	multiple clerical and med errors.  Gave me a major misdiagnosis.  Corrections to errors only begat more errors.  Office manager rude and unhelpful. Drop me as a patient when trying to clarify these errors.  	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:CIGNA
70	1	a doctor who cares and will do all he can for  u 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
71	-1	HORRIBLE DR!!!~!!!! Her and her husband all they do is pump ur kids full of meds they don't need or put them in the hospital or both but she doesn't ever find out what is wrong with your child! DON;t GO TO HER OR HER HUSBAND HE IS AN EAR, NOSE, and THROAT dr.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
71	-1	Her quick cure all for everything is to put your child in the hospital and pump antibiotics into them. My child has been sickly ever sense she was born and Dr. Marta refused to send her to a childrens hospital to find out what's wrong with her. Now we are possibly looking at cancer... that could have been caught earlier. I would NOT recommend her to anyone! If she doesn't know what's wrong she'll just put them on strong antibiotics, over and over again. 		2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
71	1	Great Dr. I wouldn't want to use anyone else but her. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	She is a great Dr.  She helped me with my problem and had a great bedside manner.  I highly recommend her!  One of the best doctors I have ever been to.  She really cares.  	1	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
72	1	She seems very nice. She gave me free samples because I didn't have insurance.  I'm going to her for Smoothbeam treatments next month.   I will review her agin after I receive them. 	4	3	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	Dr. Headley listens to what you say and doesnt just rush you in and out. He actually cares about his patients.Some days the wait can get long, but I am sure it is because he is going the extra mile to help one of his patients. Very good Doctor.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
73	1	Dr. Headley is kind, patient and listens when you describe symptoms.  I have always gotten good care from him during the 15+ years I have been his patient.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
73	1	A wonderful, caring physician who has treated my illnesses with thoroughness and accurateness.  If only all doctors were like this!! 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	Dr. Headley is one of the best doctors I've ever seen (and I've seen many)!  He is patient, kind, caring, and very empathetic!  My 19 yr. old even doesn't mind going to the dr.!!!  We are so very lucky to have him as our primary care physician!  He is a gem and the medical profession is so lucky to call him own of their own!  We appreciate his concern and sympathetic nature!  Many thanks to Dr. Headley and his great staff also.   They are very kind and enthusiastic also; always willing to help you! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
74	-1	smug not willing to listen and very unhelpful.  	5	5	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
75	1	best in the business. hands down. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
76	1	Dr. Huckabay is the best dentist I have ever used.  She is knowledgeable, gentle and always willing to answer all my questions and offer suggestions for my dental needs.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
77	1	treated me and my children like he had known us forever.  every one in the office was very friendly and cheerful.   it was a really good experience 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
77	1	EXCELLENT PEDIATRIC DENTIST. IT APPEARS HE GENUINELY ENJOYS WHAT HE DOES AND IS VERY GOOD AT IT. A HELPFUL AND FRIENDLY OFFICE STAFF 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	Wonderful.. Dr. Hanna is great. She makes you feel very comfortable and her employees are nice as well.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
78	1	Dr. Hanna is very helpful, discreet and makes the patient feel very comfortable.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	1	I loved Dr. Hanna. She has an excellent bed side manner and takes the time to fully answer all questions. She also has an excellent reputation with the OBGYN nurses at Memorial which really says something.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:HealthFirst
79	-1	OMG!! i just found out recently that he had done the same thing to one of my close family members, and it wasn't just a small amount either. someone need to step up and do something about this before he does it to someone else. also he is bad about overprescribing narcotic medicines. 	2	1	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
79	0	this doctor has borrowed money from a family member of mine. this is terribly wrong.  something needs to be done 	2	1	3	2 	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	 	4	4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
82	-1	I regret seeing this doctor. Dr. House was extremely rude. He actually walked in the room and said, &quot;what do you expect me to do, I can not help you, you are just deaf and that's that&quot;. I have partial hearing in one ear and am totally deaf in the other. My ear was aching and I did not want to go deaf in that one. He replied. &quot;Oh well, whatever you did to get deaf in the other ear, don't repeat it so you won't be deaf in this ear&quot;. So it's my fault I am deaf&#63;. He would not help at all. No prescription, x-ray, hearing aid, or anything. He simply walked out after this two minute rudeness. I was floored. Shocked. That was the ugliest thing for any doctor to tell a patient. I went to another doctor and immediately received a prescription for an infection which probably saved the little hearing I have left. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	Dr. House is an excellent doctor.  He took great care of me both in informing/answering questions of my condition and in correcting it through surgery.  He is very polite and well-mannered.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
82	-1	Worst doctor I've ever met. Refused to help me understand what happened to cause my deafness in one ear and dizziness. Refused to tell me what next steps would be if current procedures would not help. Responded to my questions with sarcasm, condescension, open hostility, outright refusal to answer. Clearly was too busy to be bothered with me. Clearly did not know or care that a human being was attached to the ear. Not sure he cared about the ear either. I do think he did the appropriate protocol because my ENT sent me to him for that protocol and my research confirmed it was appropriate. He has wonderful professional nurses assisting. I'd like to go to them every day.  	5	5	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
82	-1	Worst doctor and bedside manner I have ever seen. Simply walked in the room with a frown and negative attidude, did not say hello, turned his back reading and said &quot;I can't help you, what you want me to do&#63; Just try not to do whatever you did to get sick!&quot; Very rude. Then he was basically silent with the door wide open. No consideration for our privacy. If he was having a bad day, why did I get the the result of it. PPL, do not waste your time. Another doctor diagnosed me with a more severe problem and corrected my issue with emergency surgery. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
83	1	Great doctor. Really knows what he's doing. He has the latest technology. He has a clean facility. All of his staff is really nice. Just a really great place. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
83	0	only ENT dr ever used til last year,then advice got very short & almost rude. Have been in for occasional sinus & broke nose in years past. Have since changed.  do not recommend 	 5/1/07		4	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
84	1	cares about his patients 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	Very pleased with this doctor, I have been a patient for 7 yrs.  	5	5	4	4 	Insurance:Medicare
85	-1	he has messed up so many woman and been sued alot.he let one woman die because she was on medacaid and didnt want to fool with her.i know it was my family member.i know alot more also. very rude and hurtful to bigger woman.he puts them down while examineing them.  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
85	1	 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	She is a great doctor. A few years ago I had a sickness that was not really common.  When I went in she knew before she ran any tests what she thought I had.  She was right.  Also she does talk to you like you are old friends.  They also had to work with me a month ago on changing my meds to the ones on $4. list because my prescription plan maxed out for the year.  The entire office staff is very helpful and super nice.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unicare
86	1	She is the most interested doctor I have ever found. She wants to know everything that effects you, because they may all effect your health. She does research, and has a great bedside manner. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	The staff was nice but not very friendly.  Dr Hall is amazing though! Highly recommend! 	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
88	1	Dr. Harvey was the doctor for both of my parents until they died, and now for my brother. He is very kind, knowledgeable, and has a great bedside manner. He is the most compassionate doctor I have ever met. 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	Dr Helmhout is the world's best doctor.  She has been my doctor over 10 years. I live in Byhalia and I still drive to Oxford to see her. Its a great feeling to know your doctor has your best interest in heart.  She is very knowlegable,caring and compassionate.  I thank GOD for a doctor like her. She had an intern on my last visit. He was being trained by the very best.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
89	1	A very special doctor.  Willing to go the extra mile to get you feeling better.  Very easy to talk with and shows compassion and understanding.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
90	-1	Dr. Hubbs is very condescending and does not back up his assertions with scientific evidence. He has made several statements which are clearly not in line with current medical understanding. HE will make the decisions and you are not supposed to question them. I am an intelligent person with a nursing degree and I was made to feel very stupid and insignificant. He effects a very paternal attitude, &quot;the doctor is always right&quot;, and does a lot of knee-patting. I will not be returning to his office, despite his wonderful nurse and nice staff.  	4	4	1	2 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
91	1	A very wise,helpfull,considerate and patient Dr. I have a lot of faith and respect for this Dr.He has a great bedside manner and to me that counts for a lot!!Some of his staff has a rude tone on the phone,but he is an all around teriffic Dr.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
91	1	Dr. Haidar is caring, punctual, actually takes time to listen and responds in a professional manner. He doesn't try to strap you with the most expensive drugs and will work with you and your insurance company on options available.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
91	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Haidar's for many years now. I consider him far more than my doctor. I consider him a friend because he truly cares for me even aside from my medical needs. He is definitely a welcome asset to this entire community. The people of Picayune love him and hope he never leaves. On a scale of 1 to 5, I rate him a 10...off the charts.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
91	1	I recently changed my physicians due to unsatisfactory visits with my prior doctor and chose to switch to Dr. Haidar thanks to recommendations by friends. I am 100% positive i made the right decision, and often thank God for that. Although I have not known him for long, he cares for me as if we've been long time friends. He seems genuinely interested in me and my ailments, rather than putting on false 'act' to care as my prior physician did. He is an amazing doctor and an all-around kind and good-hearted person. There is such a huge difference of care I recieve with Dr. Haidar and my prior doctor, and I can honestly say that I know the value of a good doctor. The only complaint I have is the waiting time is a bit long. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	Has been my doctor since I was a teenager.  Very good 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	I am a 67 year old male living in Picayune, Mississippi.  After Hurricane Katrina I was trying to cover my steep damaged roof and slipped and fell to the ground.  No one saw me fall and I was unable to move or call out for help.  Dr. Haidar's daughters saw me as they passed in their car.  They went home and told their dad.  He came right over and began diagnosing.  He was able to determine that I was not paralyzed.  He stayed with me until the ambulance left for the local hospital.  He then went home, changed clothes, and came to the hospital.  He stayed with me, assisting other doctors, and going out to tell my wife what was going on.  He personally called a great hospital (Forrest General) in Hattiesburg and arranged for an ambulance to take me there.  I had 16 broken bones and a punctured lung.      During my recovery at home he would stop by and check on me.  He refused to take any payment saying he was just being a good neighbor.  We call him our miracle and I am OK now. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	Dr. Haidar is a fantastic doctor. He reads your chart prior to coming in the room and then treats you like family. He offers-up types of treatments even for conditions which have required special treatments in the past. Yes, there is waiting in the office at times, but then this is due to him giving you all the time you need to explain your problem. He does not rush you in or out. Dr. Haidar seems to know all the up-to-date news. He come highly recommended.  		3	4	5 	Insurance:Humana
91	1	Very caring doctor. Pays attention to the &quot;little things&quot; going on with his patients. 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	Dr. Haidar is an excellent physician with an excellent beside manner and true care and concern for all his patients. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	Excellent doctor, very thorough and listens attentively. Very interested in EVERYTHING in her patient's life that may impact his/her hrealth, not just the complaint of the day.  I wish my other specialists were like her.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
93	1	Excellent doctor. Caring. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
94	1	Ive never had a more understanding OB Dr. in my life..God couldnt have blessed me more to have him as my Dr. I am so sorry to hear these unhappy comments about him. Im 30 weeks pregnant with 12 pregnancys, so needless to say Ive been through my share of OB Drs. Dr Holzhhauer understands all my concerns and my health problems and has done everything I feel in his power to ease my mind, even down to me being a VET. Things that dont even concern the pregnancy he listen and is truly concerned. When he did my cerclage he even cared enough to send a beautiful flower after. I hear this is common for him but it really helped me a lot. He and his staff are very attentive and truly care. I love the fact he is religious. There is so much thats hes done already its unreal now a days and I feel truly blessed. Im not going to go on but I strongly recommend him and his staff...God Bless 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
94	1	Dr. H. delivered my daughter, who is now nearly grown.  I interviewed a lot of doctors because I wanted natural childbirth after a c section, and he was the most cooperative. My daughter's birth was beautiful and completely natural. Dr. H. has been my doctor ever since. He treats me like an intelligent, educated adult, even sharing research findings with me. And he is kind and caring.  Going to see him is like going to see a friend. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
94	1	I am a RN and have worked in OB/GYN for seven years. Howeve, I have never worked with Dr. Holzhauer. He delivered both of my children. He is a phenomenal doctor. My second child would have died if not for him. He discovered I had a rare blood clotting disorder that would have killed my baby in utero that none of the other doctors even tested for. LOVE this doctor.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
94	-1	DO NOT GO TO HIM.  he induced before my due date and had an emergency csection.  he put me in labor, broke my bags and it's like he forgot about me for three days!!!  in labor.  I had a fever and my baby did also.  we almost died.  my baby has a scar where no hair grows b/c he stuck a device in her head with a huge needle.  they teach you about it in childbirth classes.  well, he's the one who induces and uses that unnecessary device.  Oh, and is very insensitive about weight and unhelpful.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
94	1	So easy to talk to and willing to help you no matter what your problems may be. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
94	1	This Doctor is the best he has good bedside manners. He listens to your problems, he does everything in his power to make you feel comfortable during a physical,he answers all of your questions. He has always held my hand until I went to sleep before surgery which was a blessing to me, this shows he cares about your feelings and wants you to be comfortable and NOT scared. I would recommend him to anyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
94	1	He has delivered all 3 of my children.. he was WONDERFUL. Very good bedside manners and over all he cares about his patients. I wouldnt go to any other doctor around this town.  He is the best!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
94	1	This is an awesome Doctor. He has the best bedside manner in the profession. When I had surgery in July '05, I was frightened because I never experienced being on the operating table. Dr. Holzhauer pretty much held my hand the whole way, including sending me flowers to the hospital after my surgery. He educates me thoroughly regarding my health, making sure I understand completely. Most doctors I have experienced are very rude and dry with overweight patients; Dr. Holzhauer is very sensitive, yet straight forward regarding my health. When he gives me my pap exams he is very gentle to me and wants to always make sure I am comfortable during the entire exam. He is also very active in assisting me with all my healthcare issues and all treatments work!!!  He’s the best . He has a wall dedicated to satisfied patients’ of the beautiful babies he delivers. Way to go Dr. Holzhauer!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
94	-1	Dr is very unprofessional and likes to deliver babies early for no apparent reason at all even when the mother doesn't agree. 	5	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
94	-1	This doctor was horrible!  I visited him for my initial pregnancy appointment.  He was very insensitive and spent the majority of the appointment talking to my husband about all of the animals he has killed.  He did no inquiry at all about how I was feeling, or if I had any questions or concerns.   Beware, terrible bedside manner! 	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:Tricare
95	1	Dr. Haley is fabulous, I have been going to him for two years, he always is interested in what is new with me and I feel open and secure talking to him and his staff about medical issues.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
96	1	Dr. is patient with my list of problems, listens to my concerns, asks thoughtful questions, is always courteous to to me (an older lady). HE IS A GREAT DR. AND HAS A GREAT STAFF!          NOTE:  the amount I pay varies with the tests and what is done.  	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
97	1	I've been seeing Dr. Herrington since the age of 6.  He is still the best dentist I have ever seen, and balances professionalism with his easy-going nature.  Great guy. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
97	1	Excellent care, on time, polite, listened carefully to issues.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
98	1	Really not even the fifteen percent. I love her nurse Amanda. She is just a sweetheart and they both truly care. Just love them and would not go anywhere else. Finally I have found the doctor for me.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
99	-1	He was very inconsiderate, not compassionet, ignorant, callous. I thought doctors took an oath to have compassion for their patients instead he rushed out of the room and didn't really care about my sick child and because he did that she is back at the doctor again. He could have cared less. I would not recommend him to anybody!!!!!!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
