dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	Absolutely LOVE Dr. Forseter! We switched to him when I was 35 weeks pregnant because we weren't sure my other OB was going to support unmedicated birth. He is definitely quirky, but both my husband and I felt so comfortable with him. He was so supportive right from the start in helping me know that the decisions were mine to make. He would suggest options after I passed my due date (stripping the membrane) but never did I feel pressured to do anything. He was supportive during our birth experience and helped me acheive the natural, unmedicated birth that I wanted. But do make sure you know your stuff and prepare. He really respected the knowledge that we had and helped a lot! And he was very supportive after the birth as well.  I can't wait for number 2 so that we can go back to him again! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
1	-1	 	1	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	Dr. Forseter is AMAZING!! I cannot say enough wonderful things about him. He is compassionate, funny,  knowledgeable and really includes you in making decisions. When I was having a very slow and painful start to my labor he called me to discuss what I wanted to do. He supported my and my husbands decision and followed our lead. I have referred many friends to him and look forward to having him be a part of all my future pregnancies and women's health needs.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
1	-1	I would not normally write but i searched a very long time for a good OB someone who would respect my want for a completely no meds birth. Forseter wasnt the most professional doctor but i was ok with that. We went through my birth plan many times and he confirmed he would follow it unless there was a medical reason to move from it. If that was the case he would speak with us and we could make a informed decision. When i went into labor he didnt follow my plan, we had to contact him after hours and he didnt seem to remember what my plan was nor did he care to listen. I finally ended up with a c section. My baby could have been delivered naturally but because i was not progressing they wanted her out. This is not a doctor to use if you want to have a natural no med birth. During our appointment after the birth he confirmed to me that the meds i ended up taking were not necessary. Plus he isnt very gentle when doing exams. Would never use him again or recommend him. Terrible Doctor. 	1	1	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
1	0	*WARNING* We set up Dr. Forseter as a back up doctor as we were having a home birth. Upon his reviews he seemed very natural birth friendly.  Dr. Forseter told us to call him when we started labor. When we called he told us that he did not recognize who we were and that he was not going to be our back up. This was after 2 office visits and him telling us that we didn't need to see him any more unless we had concerns. He basically ditched us, alluded to us lying to him, and this occured at a very crucial moment during our labor. Horribly unprofessional and very erratic behavior. This is unacceptable. We don't doubt his knowledge or practice but those in this situation should be forewarned. We will not consider him as an option in the future.  	5	5	1	5 	Insurance:Aetna
1	1	Dr. Forseter is AMAZING! I can not express in enough words how helpful, attentive, respectful, encourage, honest, and caring he is. He has very good communication skills and people skills. He is very knowledgeable and goes above and beyond to be there for you. Thank you Dr. Forseter for caring for your patients and doing everything in your power to help them.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	1	I really did not want to see a male Dr but decided to give him a try because of all the good comments.  I am very glad I did because he was wonderful!  He was very informative on what was going on with my body &amp; ways he will be able to help with things.  It was only my first visit but so far so good.  The staff was very friendly also.  	 5/19/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	1	As a doula, I recently attended an all natural birth that Dr Forseter attended. He was outstanding, supported their birth pan 100% and let this amazing woman do exactly what her body was designed to do. He is a doctor who puts his patients first and trusts the birthing process.  I only wished I could have used him to deliver my babies!! AMAZING!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	I can't say enough GREAT things about Dr. Forseter. I started seeing him when I became pregnant with my 6th child because I wanted some alternative birth options (water birth). We found that he was very supportive and flexible. When I ended up losing our baby due to Parvovirus B19, he was absolutely amazing - so compassionate, and gave us options that we didnt know we had, making us feel like we at least had a little control in an awful situation, and making it more bearable. When I had  complications and then infertility, he was very thorough and understanding. And when we finally conceived our beautiful Sophia, he was very understanding of all my fears and concerns (both real and imagined, lol), and was sooo patient and reassuring. When we had a few minor complications with Sophia's birth, I knew I was in the best possible hands and didn't worry (for once). With Dr. F I always feel that I am important - I'm so confident in him that I even take my teenage daughter to him! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	Dr. Forseter and his staff are young, friendly and prompt.  His medical assitant is extremely sweet and compassionate.  She makes me feel like my issue is important every time I call.  The doctor is easy to get ahold of and is wonderful at sharing his knowledge and advice.  I reccommend this office to everyone. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	He is amazing! Makes you feel so comfortable and welcome every time.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
1	1	I Just started going to Dr. Forseter and he is great. The only problem i have with his office is his medical assistant I wont say her name but she is very young and very unfriendly. Doesnt return your calls the same day.Cant even read the blood pressure right.I guess you can say im frustrated in that part of the service. Once he has some good medical assistants in his office i woould recommend him to anyone! 	2	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
1	1	Dr. Forseter is, by far, the best physician I have ever seen. Now that our baby is born, I am actually a bit sad not to be seeing him on a regular basis! As a childbirth educator, I was specifically looking for an OB who would partner with me in my pregnancy, rather than simply &quot;take care of me,&quot; and someone who would respect my knowledge about pregnancy/birth as well. Throughout my entire pregnancy, he was extremely respectful of wishes (which at times included refuses certain tests), supportive of my decisions and always had time for me. The fact that he uses email to communicate w/his patients, in addition to the phone, really helps break down the formality often found in traditional doctor/patient relationships. He is also very humble and open to new ideas, even when I expressed to him that his cervical exams were painful. He wanted to know what he could do differently so he didn't cause me pain.  I honestly could go on an on about what a phenomenal doctor he is! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
1	1	Dr. Forseter is PHENOMENAL! After a TERRIBLE experience with my old OB, I went home feeling violated and in tears....After a real, professional ultrasound the next day, it was confirmed I was pregnant. Thankfully my girlfriend had been to see Dr. Forester and she referred me to him. He is smart, young (fresh ideas and enthusiasm), empathetic, understanding, FUNNY and makes you feel comfortable talking to him about ANYTHING and I do mean it. He was just as excited as I was about my baby. My husband even loves him :-) Even when there were times to be concerned, he was reassuring in the fact that he would watch out for me and my baby. If you e-mail him, he responds almost immediately (definitely by the end of the day). He even called my girlfriend and her hubby at 10:30pm to confirm that they were pregnant! And when I asked him to be there at delivery, he was. If you need a great doctor go see Dr.  Forseter! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
1	1	Dr. Forseter stands above and beyond every other doctor I have ever had or even met. My husband and I are both nurses and we are around many physicians daily. His ability to relate and support is unmatched. Because of his expertise and determination I am now pregnant after experiencing recurrent miscarriage. I would recommend him to anyone looking for an attentive, patient, wonderful doctor. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	I've been going to Dr. Forseter since he started his practice.  I had sworn off male OB/GYN but he changed my mind.  His youth is a credit, I know he'll be around for a long time.  He always takes time to listen and since I'm nearing menopause I have lots of questions, which he answers without using a bunch of medical jargon.  He is a real breath of fresh air when it comes to male OB/GYNs. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	Dr. Forseter is very open and supportive, and always takes time to make sure we understand clearly and completely. We had a difficult situation, and he was very compassionate and caring, making sure that we knew all our options and that our wishes were met. We feel very secure and safe in his care, are greatly impressed by his bedside manner, and would not hesitate to highly recommend him to others. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	Young, fantastic and attentive. Willing to listen to concerns and be flexible. Responds quickly to email and is very available. Well spoken and never patronizes. Is very open to questioning his recommendations and explaining why.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
2	1	I have been going to Dr Foote for about 10 years for dental work. He is an extremely professional, knowledgeable, and reputable dentist. He genuinely cares for the health of your teeth. The hygeniests at his office are well trained and very friendly. He and his staff put me at ease when getting checkups, fillings, etc. I would highly recommend Dr Foote to anyone in the Columbia area.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
3	1	she was a angle to our family and specialy sent for my husband, he could walk 3 days after open heart surgery and on 5th day he was released from hospital, I don't know how to ever appriciate her, I always remember her in my prayer.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	Dr. Farkas is the worlds top doctor.  She is kind, caring and takes her time to make sure the family understands everything that is happening to their love one.  She operated on my sister and stuck by my entire family the whole time even after her job was done. she is truly wonderful. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	We would follow Dr. Farkas where every she is practicing. Nothing matches her kind, comprehensive, compassionate expertise! She is diligent, thoughtful and communicates freely to patients and their families. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	Dr. Emily Farkas was one of the most competent and caring physicians I have ever encountered. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	Dr. Fitzgibbons was wonderful with my recent procedure.  I found her to be very knowledgable, and explained the anesthesia I would be receiving very well.  She spent time answering all of my questions (I had a lot!), and I felt much better as I was very nervous!  I recommend her completely!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	0	Seemed very unprepared for the serious job she is preforming. Did not like her bedside manner, but that is less important than what I feel was lack of experience.Just my opinion regarding my recent procedure.  	4	5	3	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	Dr. Fenwick did surgery (tracheostomy)on and continues to monitor my husband for laryngeal cancer.  He was very knowledgeable, personable and thorough. His staff was effecient and friendly. He's a fine doctor and I would recommend him highly. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	Dr. Fenwick did surgery on my neck. It was the second time in a little over a year that I had to have surgery in this location.  He did a very good job.  The incision looks really good.  He is very personable and took the time to explain everything to me and my husband everything that he was going to do.  He was very quick to get me the results of CT scans (the same day).  His staff has always been very helpful and considerate.  I have never had to wait longer than 10 minutes in the waiting room before going back to the exam room, and then the wait was usually only a couple of minutes at the most for the doctor to come in and see me.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
6	0	I was very unhappy after my visit with this dr. Her attitude was very arrogant and I felt I was being talked down to the entire appt.  She acted as though my questions were dumb and my problem was not a very big issue.  I will be seeking a second opinion as I don't feel my exam was very thorough 	4	2	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	Very Nice Office.. Dr. Finkle was very knowledgable in the practice and great bed-side manor. Only had to wait about 15min including completing paper work.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
6	-1	Everything was going fine with Dr except for both routine visits she was extremely late &amp; or rescheduled us. on 2nd visit my wife listed her concerns about some tests and tried to provide feedback on something the Dr. needs to hear &amp; understand about her client. Dr. Finkle dropped my wife as a client against my wife's wishes over the pretense that my wife was upset information was not shared.  My wife was simply trying to give insight to Dr. on how it impacts a patients understanding on decisions to do certain screenings during pregancy. In a rather short phone call the Dr. dropped my wife &amp; the next day we received a letter stating we cannot use any other Dr. in the the Rockhill Women's Care practice...all because of her inability to take constructive feedback (no yelling or cursing at Dr.) We were pleased so far with overall care &amp; staff so we were shocked when the Dr did this to us. We are filing a complaint with the AMA in MO. We are still in disbeleif.  	5	2	1	3 	Insurance:CIGNA
6	-1	This provider is HORRIBLE!  After totally dismissing the reason for my appointment: extreme pain related to swollen kidneys and extra amniotic fluid she proceeded to insist that my &quot;pain&quot; was related to depression.  Despite the fact that the urologist, my OB and perinatologist all have been treating me for the pain.  And the number one reason patients seek care with these conditons are pain.  My daughter has a birth defect and when the provider asked why I wasn't taking the narcotics on a regular basis.  I stated that since it's a category C and that they do not know long term effects on children I want to limit her exposure.  She went on to say &quot;well she already has such and such defect, what are you worried will happen to her&#63;&quot;  Basically - my child is already defected so I might as well take the medication.  She was completely unprofessional and did not treat me with dignity or respect and insulted me on numerous occassion in the short 30 minuet interaction.  	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:Tricare
7	1	. He listened to me and did not give up on my problem~Everyday he checked on me before the sun was up while I was in the hospital ~ very hard working ~ one staff person did not return calls but I don't remember who the rest of the staff was very good ~ he also explained everything to me and my husband and anwered every &#63; 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
7	1	Dr. Fleshman operated on me on New Year's Eve day in 2001. I had abscessed diverticula and was very ill. I spent one month prior to surgery on feeding tube to settle the infected colon. Dr. Fleshman did a superb job on curing me. I found him to be very professional and kind. He avoided giving me a colostomy which had been a possible outcome. This man saved my life from a very serious situation. I will be grateful to him forever. And his staff was most considerate and friendly.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
7	-1	Dr. Fleshman made mistake during surgery, then because surgery didn't work he told me it was my fault because I'm overweight, which was never discussed before surgery. I usually don’t ask questions, but I tried to ask 2 once &amp; he refused to answer, rolled his eyes, and told me I could ask questions at my next appt. (3 months later). His NP, Debbie N., refuses to fill out FMLA paper work correctly. She won't use new FMLA forms with each new FMLA Claim.  She just used an old form and used white out on it in spots, forgetting to change old dates, procedures, etc. Then my work would deny my FMLA, because she was too lazy to fill out new forms. Very Stressful! I think she ignores her phone messages. I called her with an emergency, left message, but she never called me back, &amp; I ended up having to call emergency exchange. I've got a new Dr. now and 4 months later we are still waiting for a copy of my record. 1 good thing at Fleshman's office - his reg. nurse is very sweet. 	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	Problems were listened to and given much attention and helpful copeing skills advised.  	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:AARP
9	1	Dr. Filardi is great with my one year old and takes time to answer the long list of quesions that we have at every appointment.  She is very thorough and goes over what she's looking for and why at each well visit.  I highly recomend her.  	 1/6/10	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	Their office staff isn't as friendly as I would like, but Dr. Filardi herself is absolutely the best. She seems to be very open minded and is willing to speak to issues as both a doctor and a mom. We've seen several docs with our two little girls and she is by far my favorite. She does advocate for vaccinations but she was also happy to work with my request to develop an alternative vax schedule for both of my kids. I highly recommend her.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
9	1	Dr. Filardi is a great doc.  She listens to your concerns and has a great bed side manor.  The office is run smoothly and the staff is very helpful both nurses and billing.  She unfortunatly no longer accepts Humana.  She is wonderful and would like to have kept her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
9	1	I highly recommend Dr. Filardi.  She is incredibly helpful, thoughtful, and listens intentively.  Unfortunately we had to relocate to another state, and I am having a hard time finding a pediatrician who compares at all to Dr. Filardi.  She is fabulous.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	Dr. Filardi spends a considerable amount of time with me at each of my daughter's well-visits.  She personally called me to follow-up and give me the results of a standard blood test.  I am extremely impressed with her knowledge and helpfulness.   I would definitely recommend her to anyone looking for a Pediatrician! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	1	Good doctor. Knowledgeable and listens. Will use again. 	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	Excellent care and knowledge.  Puts patient above money and self. Knowledge and Experience second to none. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	Very caring and smart.  Helped me much more than two others I had seen before her. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	-1	Dr. Floro is UNPROFESSIONAL AND ARROGANT. His staff is ignorant and demeaning to the patients. My mother received terrible care. She had some small veins injected near her ankle. She ended up with a completely eviserated wound almost down to the bone about 7 inches long. It caused her pain requiring large narcotic doses for many months. 6 months later she still has a huge deep hole in her leg requiring daily dressing changes. She has been to 4 other doctor's since then. None of them have ever seen anything like this. During this time, she had to deal with my father's last terminal days and plan and attend his funeral. Dr. Floro and his staff basically blew her off and acted like this was not a big deal. When I went to the doctor's office with her, Dr. Floro was unable to look me in the eye. He felt the need to tell me how great he is. He treated my mom like she was stupid. He refused to admit that something went WRONG and that this is not normal (OBVIOUSLY).  I do not recommend Dr Floro 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
14	-1	Dr. Faddis is a perfect example of how an individual’s credentials can be misleading. This “professional”  employed cheap scare tactics to expedite the consultation I had with him. Reporting that I had “no wiggle room to wait for my surgery” .  Immediately following the rather urgent advice given from one Dr. Faddis I attempted to follow said advice by scheduling my surgery to put in an internal defibrillator. Nearly two weeks later I received a call back from this high demand low supply “professional”. However, per his advice I had already had the unit implanted.  In my opinion, which we are all entitled to, especially when informed: if you are looking for someone with the credentials to set your mind at ease I do recommend Dr. Faddis. However, if you are looking to truly understand your condition, receive personalized health care and have prompt service I would investigate your options. That is if you have the ‘wiggle room’ Dr. Faddis fames not to have.      Good day and God bless.  	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
14	1	 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	-1	I went to this doctor complaining of seizures and passing out, her diagnosis was that it was all just stress and told me to find a counselor! Asking around, I've come to understand that she has also done this to other patients. I was deathly disappointed and will be moving on to another physician.  	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
15	1	Highly Recommended. She's in Springfield, MO now.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	-1	Staff said they would verify insurance coverage and never did.  We asked 3 or 4 different staff members to have Dr Fern call and he never did.  	1	2	2	2 	Insurance:Coventry
16	1	Dr. Fern is so friendly; he immediately puts you at ease.  Diagnosed intestinal bacterial infection but performed colonoscopy and upper GI to eliminate other concerns.  Patient friendly and returns calls; also listens.  Would return without hesitation.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	I have the highest regard for Dr. Fern.  He puts you completely at ease, treats you with respect, and has a really nice facility and competent staff.  It's easy to talk to him.  He's been very helpful in treating my IBS symptoms and pain after gall-bladder surgery.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
16	1	Dr. Fern is an excellent Doctor for treatment of Hepatitis C. He is SO NICE and personable.  He never failed to return my calls and he remembers my name and my details! He is knowledgable about the newest treatments and is not too arrogant to listen to what YOU have found online! I consider him a friend as well as my gastro Doc! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
17	1	Dr. Ford isn't afraid to tell it like it is. Some people might not like this, but in the long run, it helps you more than sugar-coating things. His knowledge is second-to-none and when he doesn't know an answer he is not afraid to ask other doctors. If you are in a genuine life-threatening crisis, Dr. Ford is who you want to see. He will put all of his attention and effort on you. ..However, if all you want is narcotic pain medicine for your toothache you've had for eight years, you probably won't care for him much. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	-1	 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
19	-1	She is not very friendly. Her recommended course of treatment was divorce husband, kick kids out of house, get rid of cellphone, quit grieving death of youngest son in six weeks of treatment. She got very jealous that student loans are being worked with due to disability.  	 9/4/12	5	3	1	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
20	0	. this office is terrible when it comes to calling you with test results and scheduling!!!! 	3	1	2	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	1	It took me almost 50 years to find a great doctor. Dr. Karyn Fowler is the best! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	Dr Fahrner and her staff were excellent, diagnosed with breast cancer at age 33, she preformed a bi-lateral masectomy.   She is very passionate and caring and so is her staff, I wouldn't have been treated by anyone else! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	Dr. Fahrner was selected for us by the hospital under emergency circumstances.  She is very busy and hurried, and I think that might have contributed to the last rater's comments, but aside from that, she was nice.  Her office staff is also knowledgable and friendly.  The surgery went very well and she was timely with paperwork, etc.  Scars are minimal!  Great job!  I would choose to go to her again.  	5	3	4	5 	Insurance:Coventry
21	-1	Mean. Uncaring. Rude. Don't waste your time going to her. She's awful. Beyond awful. 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	A very nice and helpful doctor.  He listens to what I have to say.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
22	1	He has been seeing me and my children for five years. Very knowledgeable and timely with patient visits. Diagnosed with chronic illness and referred to specialist.  Has a broad knowledge of medicines.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
22	1	I have been there various times and appreciate how knowlegable he seems.  Although his nature is a bit aloof he seems to be smart and wise when it comes to what counts, my medical care.  	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Medicare
22	1	I think very highly of Dr. Foster, I have been taking my children to him for the past three years.  He is very helpful, and his staff is very accomidating and will get my children in on a spur of a moments notice.  When I first took my children to see him, I did what I've done with previous docs in the past, told him the past situation with another doc (resulted in a death of one of my children), and asked that he doesn't do that to my children or me.  This is the longest I've had my children seen by one doctor. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	-1	Was very unhappy with this doctor. When asking about something I was concerned about with my 4 year old daughter, I said &quot;I know I'm no doctor...&quot; and he interrupted and very snot-like said &quot;That's right, you're not a doctor&quot; and proceeded to tell me that I was over-reacting and made me feel that I had no business asking questions about my own child! My kids didn't like him, he was haughty and always acted like he couldn't wait to get rid of you. I've also been told that our hospital refuses to allow him to do surgery on his patients so he has to refer them to other doctors anyway. We switched to Dr. Thrasher and are VERY pleased with him. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	Everyone in this practice is very kind.  My 2 appointments were on time.  Dr. Foss was kind and pleasant.  He explained everything to me in detail so I knew what was happening every step of the way. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	My regular dentist whose opinion I highly respect referred me to Dr. Foss.  Dr. Foss explained all procedures clearly and answered all my questions completely.  I was very satisfied with the treatment I received.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
23	-1	The other endodontists I have been to, were kind and patient. Not so with Foss.  The first root canal I had w/him, he had the nerve to say to me, &quot;Are you the nervous type&#63;&quot; when I asked for nitrous oxide for my procedure. Even if I where &quot;the nervous type&quot;, who says that to a patient&#63;  I went back to him (against my better judgement) today for another root canal and he accused me of being late for my appointment.  I played the message on my phone for him and he did not apologize for being snotty.  He said, &quot;I am not going to sit here and argue with you about your appointment time&quot;.  No apology or anything.  He told me to &quot;calm down&quot; and that we would get started with the root canal.  I told him &quot;NO THANKS&quot; and took the bib off and left.  DO NOT go to him.  Terrible bedside manner.  I had already had the painful shots and was numb but KNEW I didn't want this guy working on my mouth.  Left with a numb mouth and no treatment.  He probably will have the audacity to bill me. 	3	4	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	This is the best eye doctor ever!!!!!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	He is a very funny and professional doctor. He has been great to my family. He has a very caring and wonderful medical assistant.Her name is Stacy and her mother runs the front office and is very plesent. It is just a warm feeling when you enter the office.  Great Team 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
26	1	We love Dr Felkel.  He always answers all our questions, unlike our previous pediatrician.  My kids actually like going to the doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
27	1	. Outstanding doctor! I would highly recommend him!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
27	0	Usually very nice in office visits. Delivered my son. When stitching up my 4th degree tear without ANY numbing using 4 entire sutures, however, he told me that if I didn't stop &quot;wimpering&quot; he would take me to the operating room to finish because I was &quot;distracting&quot; him.  	4	4	1	4 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
28	1	Very precise work.  I know Dr. Finke is the best dentist I have ever been too. I drive my mother from 200 miles away, she will not go anywhere else.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
29	1	Dr. Fisher is an amazing physician and we are more than happy. Her staff is amazing and we love Nicole.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	0	I guess my criticism is more so about her Nurse Practioner and staff. Towards last, most of my appointments were with her NP. When I first met the NP (name unknown), she seemed to take a personal offense to my asking what an NP was and the scope of their training. When I developed symptoms of a problem and called, the NP passed off my symptoms several times over months. When I pressed for an appointment and insisted on a U/S, a problem WAS found and resulted in a D&C; to remove a sizeable polyp. Later, while on fertility med, her staff messed my prescription and dosing instructions, gave innaccurate info to me & pharmacy and also mis-schedule a time-sensitive appointment. Another patient left her after the doctor dismissed a pregnant woman's concern of a lump which turned out to be lymphoma. I'm done with them! 	 3/4/09	2	3	3	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	. nice doctor; answers questions thoroughly; 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	1	Dr. Farley/team,was very very good!   they were very helpful, and if i left a message they returned the call....politely!!!!  i will have too say, it was not the usual experience for surgery( 2/23/12) and follow visits.  it was first class all the way.  Dion and Todd were great also.thanks, JK 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	I went in for an occasional shoulder pain (one sharp pain per week) could not see anything definite on mri. suggested going in and looking around and grinding away under clavicle. BUT while in there saw a &quot;step-down&quot; on the cartalige on the ball of my shoulder. It didn't look bad to me in the photos during surgery.Farley decided to scrape the remaining cartlige down to the bone and do a microfracture. recovery was slow and now I am in constant pain- difficulty sleeping- one and a half years after surgery I cannot do simple things without bone on bone pain. at 44 I no longer enjoy the things I once loved to do. weight lifting- archey- skeet shooting - throwing a ball to my kids. when I speak to Dr Farley about this he says I have arthritis and there was alot of damage to my shoulder.  DON'T LET SOMEONE SCRAPE OFF YOUR CARTALIGE 	4	4	3	4 	Insurance:Anthem
31	1	Dr Farley did a total shoulder replacement due to a bad fall he is great and he really cared he is the greatest 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	HE HAS DONE SURGERY ON MY HUSBAND, DAUGHTER, AND SON. HE IS ALWAYS PROFESSIONAL, POLITE, KIND AND WILL SIT AND TALK TO YOU. NOT AT YOU. I AM SEEING HIM MYSELF TODAY. HE IS THE BEST. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	-1	Told me I could return to construction work on 11/9, but needs to operate on my knee 11/18 to possibly remove and replace cartledge in my knee.  I was sent to him by the Work Comp insurance company.  	4	1	1	2 	Insurance:Workers Comp
31	1	Farley did my total knee replacement surgery...I choose him because there are other doctors in the same office I have used for maybe 25 years or so...They recommended him...I had problems with the surgery, found out I was allergic to the heavy pain killers...the PT in the hospital was way to aggressive on my therapy, but that is not Farleys fault...my recovery was slower than normal...had a few other issues that I went to my general practioner for and got relief...Farley just does not seem interested in the patient AFTER the operation...I think he is a good surgeon, but his post operative attention is not up to his surgical standards...his DA is very, very good...but the office staff is dismisive, slow to respond, just not &quot;friendly&quot;...I have another knee to do in another year or so, I will look around for another surgeon, as I'm not sure if I will use him again or not... 	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	Staff at the Spine Care Alliance not very polite or friendly. The Kirkwood office staff was very nice. I've had knee pain for over 20 years. No other doctors have been helpful. Dr. Farley gave me three injections and my pain has been reduced by more than half. Dr. Farley didn't fix it but made it much more manageable. Thank you Dr.  Farley! 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	1	The receiptionst was not very friendly did not acknowlege me at the window. Once she did, no greeting just asked who I was and gave me amount of co-pay. Dr. Farley however was great, he was straight to point. He made me get additional X-rays because he did not like the ones that were taken previously...wanted different positioning of my knees.  He was very informative. On Januaery 14, 2010 suregery took about an hour. I don't have extra pain other than the soreness from the surgery. I am not using crutches and already starting rehab today. I believe I'll be up a running sooner than later. When I need future surgery for type of problem I will definitely use Dr. Farley.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
31	1	Dr. Farley treated me very well. I went to him after feeling like an inconvenience to my original doctor. Dr. Farley performed carpal tunnel surgery on me and changed my life for the better.  I really wish I had found him sooner! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	1	Dr. Farley is great.  When I went into his office I was in the most pain I have ever been in.  2 hours later almost pain free. 	3	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	Dr. Farley is by far the best orthopedic surgeon I have been to.  I went to see Dr. Farley because I was still having pain in my knee after having surgery done by a different doctor.  My mother recommended Dr. Farley after having two successful surgeries done by him.  He is wonderful, very caring, and interested in helping ease your pain in whatever way is appropriate.  It turns out I did have to have surgery on the same knee and now everything is fantastic!  No more pain at all.  Dr. Farley will be the ONLY orthopedic doctor I go to if I have any other joint pain.   Their office is very busy and you may have to wait a while, but well worth it! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	1	I finally met with Dr. Farley after visiting 7 other doctors. Dr. Farley was thorough and treated me as if something was wrong instead of just brushing me off. It turned out I had two tears in my menicus and a kneecap problem. I was in pain for nearly 4 months until Dr. Farley came along. I can't wait to see how my knee is going to be in a month or so. Dr. Farly thinks I will recovery within 4-6 weeks and be able to return to normal activities. I hope he is right.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
31	1	What a wonderful surgeon.  I had trouble with my knee from a prior ACL replacement and Dr. Farley was the first to suggest what was causing my continuing pain.  Would not go to anyone else for my knees. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	Dr. Farley was the FIRST doctor to believe me about my knee problem! I had gone to three others who brushed it off! Even though nothing showed up on xrays and MRI's he knew something was wrong! He did ortho scope and found a plica issue.  My knee is a 100% better. He is knowledgeable and friendly and so is his PA. When I found out he left MO bone and joint, I sought him out.  I WILL NOT trust anyone else with me knees.  In fact he's operating on the other one in December.  I think he is wonderful! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
32	1	He is very odd and goofy looking, but I think he knows what he is talking about 	4	5	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	I cannot say enough wonderful things about Dr Faust and his staff. They are always there to listen and offer advice and are just so wonderful in dealing with kids.  He actually managed to explain to my son how his brain is different from everyone elses in a way that made him feel good about himself! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
33	0	Dr. Rachel is knowledgable in her speciality.  However, her bedside manner leaves a lot to be desired.  She is very cold, seemingly uncaring.  She's more concerned about her DEA license than she is about the patients welfare.  I would not recommend her to anyone who preferrs a doctor who is willing to listen to your needs.  	5	3	1	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
34	1	I found Dr. Farrell to be very attentive and gave me lots of guidance to care for my kids. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	She is very knowledgable, very friendly, and goes the extra mile.  We are sad to know she will be moving away from here.  She is a wonderful doctor.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	-1	I told her my daughter was sensitive to antibiotics and to give her a low dose, she refused to listen. My daughter had such a terrible reaction, a day later she had to receive shots of cortisone. 		4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	Dr. Feeler has been my doctor for almost as long as she has been in practice. She's wonderful and I trust her completely. She has always been friendly, caring, and has always diagnosed me correctly. She was so compassionate when I lost my husband, I hope she is around for a very long time. Some of the staff is just ok and some are great. That is the way it is everywhere, however. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	0	I really liked Dr. Feeler the first time I went to see her, she considered a problem that my previous doctor had not thought of, explained everything to me very well, and her bedside manner was great. The second time though, I came in with 4+ separate issues and she wanted to send me off for an x-ray, so she told me where to go downstairs and quickly walked out of the room, I followed her into the hall and tried to catch her and said &quot;Before we do the x-ray&quot; and she put her hand up to me (literally, a &quot;talk to the hand&quot; gesture) and said &quot;I'm not talking about anything else until afterwards.&quot; I wanted to ask for a pregnancy test, and it turns out I was a month and a half pregnant but had an x-ray anyway. They put the metal cover on me downstairs because I told the tech about the conversation and no harm came, but I will not go back to her because of that visit and the rudeness she put off towards me.  	4	4	3	3 	Insurance:Coventry
35	1	I like Dr. Feeler a lot and her nurse practicioner is also great.  My only issue is that her other staff has a poor beside manner!  I dread getting one nurse in particular because she is so cranky and grumpy..I'm not sure I've ever seen her smile and I've been a patient for years.   On the other hand, Dr. Feeler is EXTREMELY intelligent and can answer about any health question you can possibly come up.  She's also just a nice person. 	1	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	I'm a bit biased I suppose.  I've been going to see Lory for over 20 years.  She is a great physician and counselor about health and ways to stay healthy.  I would recommend her to anyone for family care.  Office is nice and the staff are wonderful. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	Dr. Ferguson saved my life.  He completely removed a very large brain tumor without any complications.  He was great.  I trust him very much. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	my son had a fracture which required surgery and he was great, and he followed up with us daily and even keep in touch which us to see if he is playing sports again..  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
36	1	I have even had the pleasure of working with the doc a few yrs ago and he is very kind,knowledgable,and helpful.All the staff at that office are great. 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
36	-1	Saw this NS when diagnosed with a brain tumor. I don't know how competent a surgeon he is because we couldn't get out of his office fast enough. There was no air to breath because his EGO had sucked it all up. 	3	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
36	-1	no good at all. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	Dr.Feinberg is an excellent doctor he didnt just go by what others doctors wanted he relyed on his own test and records. If your looking for a caring compassionate doctor who puts your needs first he is the one! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
37	1	Great doctor.  Takes the time to get to the root cause of your problem.  I would recommend him to anyone. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	Dr. Barry is a God Send!!! After multiple unsucessfull surgeries and constant chronic pain, Dr. Barry is the only Doctor who has helped me. He is so caring, kind and considerate and is willing to not give up on me when other doctors have.  I am so blessed to have found such a wonderful person/doctor!! I have all the faith in the world in him.  He will get me back on the road to recovery. Thank You Dr.  Barry! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
37	1	Dr. Barry has done more for my chronic pain issues in 10 months than every other doctor over the past 13 years.  He was truely a God send during a very difficult time in my life.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
37	1	Dr. Feinberg, Was the only Doc. that could or has been able to help me deal with the pain that I experiance on a daily bases. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	He offers a lot of time for questions about the procedures. Very knowledgeable. I went in for injections, and they worked like a charm. I don't trust his wife... she's very rough with patients...  but he is the BEST! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	1	. ok,average 		4	3	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	1	. knowledgable, friendly, provided treatment options, kept my out of pocket costs in mind 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
39	1	THE DR. IS VERY KNOWLEGEABLE,BUT VERY IMPERSONAL AND DOES NOT LIKE TO BE QUESTIONED. HE CONVEYS NO FEELING TO THE PATIENT,NEVER LOOKS AT YOU AND DEVOTES LITTLE TIME TO THE PATIENT.AGAIN I MUST SAY THAT THE DR IS VERY KNOWLEGEABLE AND WELL INFORMED.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
39	1	I have been going to Dr. Faron for about 15 years and think he and his staff are wonderful. I have moved 45 miles away but still travel to him.  sometimes the wait is long once you are there, but he never rushes me out the door and listens to what my concerns are.  One of the best.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
39	1	 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
40	-1	Worst, most disrespectful/condescending experience I have ever had with a &quot;doctor&quot; (she is a PA in the ER at the University Hospital) in my life. If you go to the ER and you get her, ask to be seen by someone else... seriously... I went there and knew what was wrong with me, she tried to treat me like I had no idea what I was talking about just because I am not a doctor; I had my own doctor confirm later I was right and he said I was right to refuse the tests she ordered and he gave me the medicine I needed in the first place. She wasted my time and insulted me. She needs a new line of work. No bedside manner and little knowledge of her field. 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
40	-1	Linda Fields is a PA in the ER of the MU Hospital. I rated her as both unhelpful and knowledgeable because she refused to treat me with respect or to listen to my account of why I was in the ER. Unnecessary tests were performed, I was subject to pain, both physical and mental, because of her arrogance and insensitivity. If you are assigned her as PA when at the MU ER, request another doctor. 	3	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	Dr.F is both knowledgeable and skillful. He is patient and has shown genuine concern.  He took time answering many questions without making me feel being rushed.  It really made a difference during this difficult time of my life.  I had surgery in Jan. 2009 and felt a comment is long overdue.  Thanks, Dr. Failing.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
41	1	Explains treatment very well.  Listens and answers all questions.  Excellent 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	. They took the time I needed and were available whenever I needed them, and very knowledgeable! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
42	1	I LOVE Dr. Fogarty! She dilevered all four of my children did a D&C;, and my Adiana procedure. I recommend her to EVERYONE! She is a wounderful person and doctor. She is the best! She truly cares for and knows each of her patients.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
42	-1	 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	Dr. Fogerty did my c-section when my water broke and my daughter was breech.  She had the cord wrapped around her neck several times and had a true knot in the cord.  Dr. Fogerty did a great job on the c-section and kept us calm during the procedure.  We didn't know about the difficulties until later on.  My c-section healed beautifully with very little scarring.  The nurses kept commenting on how good my incision looked and how Dr. Fogerty does the best c-sections.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
42	1	Dr. Fogarty is a caring and compassionate doctor. She is knowledgable and professional.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
42	1	Her staff was unprofessional, and she was a little too friendly for me, but very nice and seemed very knowledgeable.  	2	3	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
42	1	Dr. Fogarty is a wonderful OBGYN. I went to her due to infertility issues and she was very knowledgeable about the treatments and was up-to-date on recent research. When I discovered I was pregnant, she was so excited for us. Unfortunately she could not deliver our baby since she was on maternity leave herself at the time. But I saw her for all my prenatal appointments and she was wonderful. A truly caring individual. I recommend her to everyone I know. 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	Very nice,kind and does not rush through the appointment.  My children like Dr Fletcher and his staff.  Dr Fletcher also provides referals to excellent specialists when needed. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
43	-1	He was the rudest doctor I have ever seen. When I was telling him the things that were wrong w/ me he acted like he was overwhelmed.  At one point he hit himself in the face and asked me &quot;what do you want me to do about all this, I'm just a doctor!&quot; I thought that was the job of the doctors to listen to you and try to find a solution! 	5	5	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
44	-1	Horrible patient care. Refused to take patients pain and input into diagnoses treatment. Very smug demeanor and horrible attempt at helping patient without expensive, in clinic tests that were not needed. Stay away from Dr. Fisher. She was the least helpful physician I have ever seen. Liberty Clinic staff were also slow to process paperwork, even holding it up to talk about unnecessary issues not relating to the clinic among themselves.  	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
44	1	Listens really well, takes time with you. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	0	The Dr. Became seamed confused as the details of my case, even after I provided the extra information he requested. There was also confusion about my prescriptions. I wonder about his mental state. His personality is cold and distant. I finally started going to another Urologist.  	3	4	3	3 	Insurance:Medicare
45	0	Stressed out staff. Seemed more concerned with getting more money than patient care. Did not like insurance claims and amount paid. 	2	2	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	Dr. Fitzwater has came out of church to meet me at the emergency room to take care of a lip that needed stitches.  Also when I was between insurance and my son fell and needed 7 stitches in the back of his head, Dr. Fitzwater gave him care and allowed me to pay him back in monthly installments. How many doctors care that much now days! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
47	1	Dr Fitz is knowledgeable and highly skilled AND he is able to share that knowledge in a simple and understandable manner to the layperson.  He is efficient, to the point and always seems to operate at high speed, yet he always takes the time to make sure you understand, answer any questions and explain anything again if you don't understand.  I highly recommend him and trust him with my eyes.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
47	1	. very knowledgable doctor and a man with good intentions 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:AARP
47	0	I've gone to Dr. Fitz for years.  I have always thought him to be arrogant and snooty, but as long as he knew his stuff it didn't stop me from going to him, since he used to be the only Ophthalmologist around the area. 	4	2	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
47	1	I believe he is an excellent doctor, and the other two comments are wrong. He is a very nice, smart doctor, who is in his business to help people see, not to just help himself. He saved my eye sight, and and is very reasonable.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:AARP
47	-1	overbooks, egotistical, self centered and patient care last thing important to him. he is in it to play god and have power trip 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
47	0	Doesn't take enough time with patient. Talks more than listens. 		1	1	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	A very gentle dentist. He took the time to listen to what I had to say. He immediately knew what was causing my problem and took care of it the same day. I will definitely recommend him to my family and friends. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	Outstanding pediatrician.  He is knowledgeable and extremely caring.  He spends time with you discussing your children, not just their symptoms.  His entire staff is phenomenal.  I have complete faith and trust in Dr. Farberman and have recommended him to every parent that I know.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
49	1	I take my son to the office in ofallon and usually we see nelms (she is amazing too) and that office from its staff to the docs is amazing..  doc farberman is really smart and has answered every single quistion that i have thrown at him for a year now! i would sugggest them any day! :) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
49	1	. He was MY pediatrician and now he is the pediatrician for my 3 kids!  He is so comforting and knowledgeable!  He really helped us through the new parent stage!  We've even called the exchange at 3am, just to have him call us back!  I would recommend completely! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
50	1	I feel Dr. Foote is always thorough with his diagnosis and he is most concerned about his patient's progress.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
51	1	She was an excellent counselor. There are none out there that could compare to her. She is so helpful and encouraging- a huge blessing. She saved my life... She helped me thrive instead of just survive. She always goes out of her way to let you know she cares. She has a beautiful heart and truly cares about the success of her clients 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	:) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	this doc sat and listened to my problems , was available for follow up visits and paid attention to my over all health . He diagnosed my cardiomyopathy and started me on treatment , my heart function has improved from 25% back to normal 56% . great guy with great office staff . he is now in columbia MO.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
53	1	Great guy.  Funny accent, but easy to understand. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	I found Dr. Ferris to be very knowledgeable &amp; kind. As a part of a Medical family,I believe she addressed my concerns,listened to my complaints with understanding &amp; I am glad I was able to see her quickly  &amp; she was careful not to order expensive tests. 	3	5	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
54	-1	This doctor should not be called a doctor, I have a major medical problem and when i was getting ready to leave they gave me someone elses perscription. this is uncalled for and they want me to come back to her for some tests but I refuse cause they will probably get my test results mixed up with someone elses and end up giving me a hysterectamy and not need it 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
54	-1	Dr Faris has the personality of a box of door knobs. Very terse with no bedside manner.  Makes you feel if she is doing YOU a favor by letting you be her patient. I fired her for this reason. Knowledge without compassion isn't what I call good care. She would be best suited working with coma patients, that way they don't have to endure her insensitive nature and cold attitude.  Faris - you suck.  	3	1	1	3 	Insurance:Aetna
54	1	Not sure what all the negative comments are, but I think Dr. Faris is excellent.  Always helpful and caring too.  	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
54	-1	This doctor definately doesn't want to spend the time with you.  You can tell that she really doesn't care.  She makes you feel like you are a burden on her.  I would not recommend her. 	2	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
54	-1	She would consistently run more than an hour late. She would be unfamiliar with my past medical tests (although she had ordered them and they were done in her own office).  Absolutely clueless.  The most unhelpful staff you could ever imagine.  I switched and have never regretted it.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
54	1	I really think that Dr. Faris and her staff are good people I even referred my daughter to her.  The new office space is wonderful.  	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
54	-1	I arrived for my first app't two days after my father committed suicide, and I was still in shock but going through the motions.  When I stated this to the first nurse, I got a &quot;step on the scale&quot; as response.  Dr. Faris responded the same way, as did the person who performed my bone density scan.  I resported to Dr. Faris that I was experiencing a loss of libido (I was 51 at the time), and her response was, &quot;Well, if you have sex when you're on vacation and not stressed, that's O.K.&quot;  I told her that this was not the case.  She responded by telling me to see her again in one year.  I have never had such a demeaning, demoralizing, stress-inducing experience with any professional, medical or otherwise.  Dr. Faris' behavior and medical treatment were no less than appalling, and I never hesitate to tell other women who are looking for an OB/GYN to avoid Dr. Faris if they want a capable, empathetic doctor who takes seriously her vow to &quot;first, do no harm. &quot; 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	-1	For my first appt., I was kept waiting in the very plain, run-down waiting room for more than an hour because &quot;people had walked in without appointments&quot; (and apparently received preferential treatment over those of us who had one).  The receptionist was unable to give me a receipt, other than to write it out in red pen on a blank piece of paper.  I did not get to meet the doctor prior to having to disrobe, which puts you on unequal footing right off the bat.  I had to ask for a larger robe, which is humiliating.  Dr. Faris seemed unable to grasp that I was an intelligent being; when I said that I realized I needed to lose weight and described my medical condidions, diet, etc., her brilliant thing to suggest was &quot;Have you considered Weight Watchers&#63;&quot;  Dunh!  No, I've struggled for years, am a college graduate, and was the first to bring it up, but I've never heard of WW &lt;sarcasm&gt;. I felt like a piece of meat. I will not go back nor recommend her.  	2	1	1	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
54	1	Dr Faris has always been very helpful and is an excellant listner.  I have been her patient now for appx 10 years and wouldn't think of going anywhere else 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:HealthPartners
54	-1	her office was not as sanitary as one should be and when it was discovered that i had fibroids her first and only recommendation was a hysterectomy. at that time they were still fairly small. i could not believe they she responded to me. she was very dismissive. 	4	4	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
54	-1	I haven't been happy with her either. Not communicative and a bit alarmist. Has made me worry on several occasions over nothing. I have a friend who sees her and had a similar experience; my sister-in-law went to her and had a very uncomfortable visit and never went back.  		5	2	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
54	-1	Although this was some time ago, a good friend had a very bad experience with this physician. She found her dismissive and unprofessional - and unable to diagnose what turned out to be a very common and straightforward condition. She has since met other individuals who have had the same trouble with this physician, as well. 		4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	I have two children and they have been seeing Dr. Fernandez for about 9 years.  She is a great doctor who is very knowledgeable about children's issues.  She is treats the whole child and not just the illness.  I never feel rushed when my children have an appointment.  Her nurses are great.  I would highly recommend her.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
56	1	I have been seeing Dr. Rachel Feinberg for over 8 years now. I was a miserable mess when I went to her. In serious pain, severely depressed, and not very mobile. She has saved my life, and my quality of life. She is so kind, understanding and knowledgeable - and her Staff (esp Nurse Lindsay) are amazing! I have referred at least 15 people to her over the years, and they are all as pleased as I am. I don't know what my life would be like without her in it. Her facilities are top notch - with a lavish office and waiting room, on site surgery center, on site Physical Therapy and more! If you are in any type of pain - then trust me when I say - call Dr.  Rachel!! (314) 985-3002 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
56	1	I have seen Dr. Rachel,since July 2010. She tolerated my obnoxious behavior and encouraged me to &quot;continue with treatment,&quot; when I was frustrated and wanted to be put in box. Each week she said, &quot;I can help you,&quot; &quot;to please return,&quot; and that she &quot;worked for me.&quot; I was very depressed, didn't believe a word she said, was in constant chronic pain and extremely frustrated. She has given me a NEW lease on life. She and her staff at Injury Specialists and Rehab Dynamics—specifically Christine Arienecke, helped find relief from 35 years of chronic pain. I kept going and doing exercises Christine required. Today the difference in my posture and attitude are remarkable. After 35 years of varied pain related diagnoses, &quot;Tinkerbell&quot; has provided me with relief I didn't think was possible. I love this woman and will never be able to repay her for her encouragement, support, and medical skills. If you are in pain, Dr. Rachel Feinberg is a must see.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
57	0	The nurses are amazing but the doctor is not able to accommodate the amount of patients she has taken on.  She always makes the patients wake an excessive amount of time and you have to schedule your appointment 6 months ahead of time even if you are already a patient. 	5	1	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	I made the above review the other day.  Since then we were contacted by the dentist's office and informed there was a miscommunication and that the filling that was not covered by our insurance would be covered by the dentist.  I appreciate this office's reaching out to correct this issue.  	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Delta Dental
58	-1	We had to have fillings and other work done on our young child a couple years ago. Dr. Feldhaus did the work. We were quoted $1000 out-of-pocket but were billed over $2000. About 1.5 yrs later one of the fillings fell off. Dr. Feldhaus recommended to just recap it. Our insurance then declined the bill because they only cover a filling once every 5 yrs. A few months later the replacement came off again. When in the office we were asked if our kid eats apples. We were told that it probably should not be recapped but either left alone or extracted. The tooth looks the same as a few months ago when it was first recapped, and it honestly looks the same as it did when the operation was first done. We feel the fault here is in the twice recommended procedure. We were not offered other options until the recommendation failed twice. We were not told our kid could not eat fruit ever. Dr. Feldhaus will not forgive the expense for the bad recap. We are changing pediatric dentists.  	2	3	2	2 	Insurance:Delta Dental
59	1	Dr. Fose Provides excellent patient care. As a patient I appreciate how promptly she is to all my appointments.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	1	Dr.  Fose exhibited great patient care!  Highly recommend! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
60	1	. not the best 	5	4	4	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
61	1	LOVE Dr. Fivecoat.  She was my OB for my first pregnancy and I never felt like I asked silly questions or was rushed through the check-ups.  She was so invested with us that she actually came in during her vacation to deliver my son.  I can't say enough wonderful things about Dr. Fivecoat.   I very strongly recommend her! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
61	1	Amazing lady. She made me feel very comfortable. Her staff was very friendly and cooperative. You can ask her anything and she gives you a good reliable opinion.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
61	1	Dr. Fivecoat is my first Ob/Gyn and she helped me a lot and made sure I understood everything she was doing.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
61	0	Very disapointed in the medical compassion this Doctor showed. 	5	4	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	This was one of the only doctors that would take all three of my children ages 5, 4 and 3 months.  We are cautious when it comes to immunizations and our oldest 2 have not had them, as well as the baby. We were turned down at two previous offices due to this.  This doctor took them all without any previous medical history. She was thorough in the exam of our 3 month old and was very friendly.  She was very open to questions and concerns, gave good recommendations, and was very open about discussing our concerns with the shots. She was not pushy at all and did not make us feel as though we were making a bad decision or being neglectful as parents.  I would definitely recommend this pediatrician to others.  	5	5	4	4 	Insurance:Anthem
63	1	Great Dr.  I highly recommend him. It is worth the drive to St. Anthony's to see him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
63	-1	Dr Fonseca is unfriendly and unprofessional.  He can't admit that maybe has done something in correctly, instead takes a negative posture.  Needs to develop some bedside manor - keep away from him. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	Great Doctor 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	Very knowledgeable and caring in her practice.The staff is very courteous and helpful.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
64	1	very thorough! Great holistic approach on healing. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	I am very suprised for the bad rating too. Dr. Forsen is a wonderfull doctor. Very kid friendly, calm, knowledgable, thorough, caring ( he called to check on my son multiple times). We have visited his office multiple times and he never failed to give us all his attention and plenty of time. I highly recommend this excelent MD. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	Our childrens have seen Dr. Forsen for about 9 years. We love him! Now our youngest (who is 3) is still under his care. He is a wonderful doctor and the kids love him 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	Dr. Forsen is a wonderful doctor.  He is friendly and does a very good job of calming my little one who has Down syndrome.  He has a calm, laid-back demeanor, which is what I think the others are mistaking for arrogance.  He is thorough in his examination and explains my son's diagnosis in an easily understood manner every time we visit.  We have been seeing him for 6 years now and have never had a bad experience.  I highly recommend him for both children with and without special needs. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	Dr Forsen is a patient and caring doctor. My son looks forward to his visits.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
65	-1	I agree with the previous comment, dr forsen was not 'kid' friendly for being a pedi ENT.  He was arrogent, and was very short tempered with my son.  He should not be working with pediatrics.  	4	4	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
65	1	very surprised at the bad rating.  Dr Forsen has been an exceptional ENT doctor to two of my four kids with issues.  He is pleasant, extremely knowledgeable and very helpful.  I would recommend him to anyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
65	0	I have had to take my son to Dr Forsen two times and each time he was arrogant and not very good at explain my sons condition. I had to consult with my pediatrician several times to get the answers that I needed.  	4	4	2	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
65	1	Dr Forsen was a second opinion I chose for my son's speech issue. His helpfulness and knowledge led us to the right treatment after a year of running in circles due to referrals from our pediatrician. He checked on my son many times in the hospital after performing my son's surgery, and called repeatedly when we had an issue post-op at home. Always acted like he had all the time in the world to explain treatment and care to us parents. Very professional, highly recommend. 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
66	-1	Never in the office - an dyou wait and wait and wait - never on time and the wait can be 2 plus hours. Then after all that waiting he stares at his computer in the room and types - never speaking a word. If he does finaly talk it is to say a quick how have you been since the last time - you may answer better or worse - but do not try to elaborate. Your meds willbe refilled and you will be escorted to the door. End of visit. You will not be examined or allowed to discuss your concerns - but you will see Dr. Flynn type - and rub his chin.  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	-1	I went to talk about my Crohn's disease. He did not look at me the whole time I spoke. He asked if I had HepC, I said no. He then said cocaine users are more likely to contract HepC. I was offended &amp; told him I am not a cocaine user. He then ordered a blood test, to check my lipid panel &amp; test for Hepatitis!! I am seriously offended! I will never go back to see him. I have Crohn's disease, NOT hepatitis............ He didn't answer my questions, &amp; accused me of being a cocaine addict (which I am not &amp; have never been). 	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
67	0	She was always late with appointments.  She gave me a lot of uneeded procedures, which ended up in terrible nerve pain.  Didn't answer emergency phone number after hours. Overpriced and rude staff. She would also be talking to her assistants about their personal lives the whole time she was working on my teeth. Very unprofessional.  	2	1	2	3 	Insurance:AARP
68	1	Been using Dr Ford for more than 3 years, managed my pain more than anyone Ive ever been too. Thought I would need surgery on my shoulder when I started going to him now I have no problems with it. Hes Great 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	This may be the most caring doctor I have ever met.  He takes time to listen to you.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
69	1	. Very helpful and interested in my case 	4	4	5	4 	Insurance:Medicare
70	1	I was fortunate enough to be under Dr. Faulkner's care some time ago and went looking for her on the Internet which is why I landed here. She made the most consistent and concerted effort to treat and prevent my multiple chronic conditions that I have ever had with a physician.  I am sad that I don't live near her practice now!  She actually listens.  So rare. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	Dr. Faulkner took a great deal of time discussing my various health issues during the office visit, and followed up promptly after the lab results came in.  She is very pleasant and very knowledgeable, and is easy to communicate with.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
70	1	Dr. Fualner is very caring and courteous. She realy cares about each patient and trys very hard to help you. She has a huge heart and a wonderful way of healing.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
71	1	Very friendly and imformed staff.  Dr. Fassler was very courtious and provided easy to understand responses to all my qestions.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
72	1	Dr. Feit is the type of doctor that most us of wish every physician &amp; specialist would emulate because of his commitment to being the best &amp; giving his patients 100% of his personal attention &amp; not just filling a quota! His staff is managed very well &amp; treats everyone with respect &amp; common courtesy so you feel welcomed.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
72	1	It took him 3 days to get a prostate diagnosis back to me. All negative.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
72	1	Dr. Feit is an excellent doctor.  He always returns calls, is extremely caring, and very competent.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
72	0	Too busy for patients. He took 3 months to diagnois my prostate cancer.He was always late, once 1 1/2 hours.Go to a different urologist!!! 	1	1	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	Dr Feit is a great doctor and a wonderful person. He treats you as if you're his only patient and will talk to you on the phone, or return your call if he's busy at the time. Has helped me through a bout of prostate cancer for the last four years. Great sense of humor! Everybody's idea of the ideal physician.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
73	1	A coworker recommended Dr. Fiscella to me and I am so thankful that he did.The Dr. is very knowledgeable and very caring.He explains everything he is doing and why.I have been in pain for three yrs.and he is the only one who has been able to help me and honestly cares about the pasin that I am in.The staff is just marvelous.It does not feel like a doctors office it feels more like you are at your families home.Everyone is super helpful and friendly and happy to see you.Ialways am seen on time and if I due have to wait a few minutes it is worth it for the treatment and special care that I receive.I thank God that I go here.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
74	-1	Dr Finney didn't seem to want to have the true &quot;patient doctor&quot; relationship.  She acted as though she didn't believe my sons when they had a health problem.  She also refused to give my son a doctor's note to excuse him from school the rest of the day after we thought he had broken his arm.  	2	4	2	2 	Insurance:CIGNA
74	-1	Told my elderly dad &quot;If anyone read the package inserts on drugs no one would take them.&quot; then proceded to give him Levaquin, even after being advised he has more than one fluoroquinolone contraindication, and suffered the very symptoms listed in the package insert. Claimed she'd &quot;never heard of that&quot; when told the problem instead of listening.  If she was a quality doctor she'd not only read the package inserts and educate herself she'd pay attention to what her patients are telling her.  Boo!  We found another doctor. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
74	1	Dr. Finney and her nurses are very helpful and very caring, her office staff on the other hand are some of the worse I have ever encountered.  	1	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
75	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Fishman for approximately 2 years and have found him to be very knowledgeable and caring person.  Diabetes is a very difficult condition to manage but I put my trust in Dr. Fishman to deliver the latest options. His staff is fantastic. Keep up the good work.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
75	1	I haven't had a problem with Dr. Fishman.  He may not have the most time, but he's fine, maybe not outstanding though. 	4	5	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
75	-1	Dr. Fishman may be very knowledgeable, but he is not compassionate or able to communicate. In order to get test results, had to return to office and pay AGAIN! The test results were negative and he did nothing as a result of them. He could have easily called me to deliver them. In fact, he seemed annoyed that the tests were negative and acted like I was wasting his time. If you want information and to feel like your doctor cares about you and your health, go to his daughter. 	1	2	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
76	-1	.  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
77	-1	Poor bedside manner. Never seen the surgeon once after surgery. Postop care was lacking. 	2	2	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
77	1	Dr.F is a lifesaver. Best and friendliest doc I've ever been to! Highly recommend him.  And his nurse Debbie is a sweetheart! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
77	-1	Saw this doctor on 3 different occasions. Not once did he examine me or even touch me himself. I had a requested MRI and brough back the results for him to evaluate. He then set up a spinal block that was to help him determine what course of action needed to be taken. The procedure was very painful. When it was completed I was asked by the Dr. who preformed it how I felt. I replied that I was better just from the fact that the needles were out of my back. I went back to Dr. Dr. Feigenbaum at the required time and he was a no-show. On the second visit after the procedure he asked how I was doing and if the block seemed to ease the pain. When I responded that there was no change he said then thet there was nothing further that he could do. I wasted a lot of time, money, vacation time and went through an extremly painful process just to here that. I would have been better off to not do anything.  	3	3	2	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
78	-1	After two months of believing my baby had some rare condition on the second visit he all of a sudden decided she's just fine. All this time I spent in the library &amp; hours online researching, all of the lost hours of sleep...all stress for nothing. It doesn't seem he knows what he's doing but more or less showing off to the staff/residents. His reaction wasn't an I'm sorry, he just grunted &amp; quickly left the room. Its very hard to have confidence in any medical professional after this, not to mention the huge bill that will take at least a year for me to pay &amp; I haven't even had the delivery yet.  	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
78	1	I LOVED LOVED LOVED Dr. Floyd!  He is a wonderful man.  He took his time during our appointments and made me feel very comfortable!  He delived my twins via c-section and if I were to ever have any more children I would want him to deliver them.  He sent me flowers too!  THANK YOU DR.  FLOYD!!! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
79	1	My baby had pyloric stenosis , he did surgery on him and he did a great job . He fixed the problem when he was 5 weeks old. hes a healthy 3 year old now . and has never had any more problems.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
79	1	If its the same Dr, which I am sure it is, my son was about 2yrs old and he had done a hernia operation. He is very curtious, very nice, and showed alot of concern. I would recommend him. He did great on the surgery. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
80	-1	Charges more than is quoted by his staff after they call your insurance company for a quote. Do not believe he knows what he's doing. 	2	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	Great staff and doctor - very helpful with my learning about contacts. No problems here at all, unlike my last doctor in town.  Highly recommended! 	 7/4/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
80	1	My first visit to see him - everything was great. Glasses were fine. I don't like pupil dilation but they have to do it.  	 4/4/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Tricare
80	1	Very good doctor! My family sees him every year. If it's good for your eyes, he will tell you --- even if you don't want to hear it! Always great with my 2 kids! 	 9/17/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	I've seen him for 10 years. Only eye doctor that helped my headaches. Nice staff too. 	 8/2/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
80	-1	 	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	Wonderful OBGYN. He delivered my son, and when I called to alert the practice (9:30pm on a Saturday) he immediately called back to check on me. I was dilating by 5 months,a nd he took everything VERY seriously. He met me at the Hospital and I delivered 3 hours later, 2 weeks early. I had been on bed rest for several months prior  and he was great. Knowlegable and helpful and so nice.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
81	-1	Made comments about my weight and said if I was ever told I needed a hysterectomy I should go to KU or some other specialists used to dealing with &quot;people my size&quot;.  After several visits and exams including a surgical procedure (& givng my history including the fact that it had been several years since my last PAP)I found out he had not done a PAP. When I asked about this he told me I'd already had one -- neat trick since he was the first ob/gyn I'd seen in a number of years -- did you read the history I filled out&#63;  I don't think so.  A previous doctor had told me that it would likely be necessary to have my ovaries removed because of cysts.  When I asked Dr. Fitch about this he blew it off then when asked again he told me I was surgery seeking and needed to go somewhere else. A consult with someone else gave me the info that it is no longer recommended to remove the ovaries in this situation (why didn't Dr. Fitch just say that instrad of insulting me&#63;).  	3	2	2	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
81	-1	Terrible practice.  The Nurse Practioner ordered unnecessary tests and completely missed the important issues.  I will never go back to this practice. 	2	4	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
81	0	Dr Fitch is very knowledgable however has HORRIBLE bedside manner. I had some slight blood pressure issues during my pregnancy and around 34-36 weeks he very bluntly stated my babu could die.  I understand the seriousness of the condition (which we believed to be caused by anxiety as my blood pressure readings were only high at the ob/gyns office and I never had any complications) but one should never state something so bluntly to a woman in that state.  I was so glad he was not on call when my healthy, full term baby girl was delivered. 	4	4	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	Very knowledgeable, takes his job seriously, informed me of what to expect during my c-section delivery and even came in on his day off, to check up on me after my surgery.  Dr.  Fitch is a great doctor! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
82	1	The hardest working dr. I've ever been lucky enough to have. Knowledgable, easy to talk to. If he has to refer me to specialist they're the best you can want. Returns non emergency calls in the evening so that you're not tied to the phone all day waiting for him to call. When my mom was in a nursing home and we had to find a new dr.for her. He was the only dr. I found that went to see her. When we needed to change PCPs I didn't have to look any further. Sometimes you have to wait 45 minutes in the waiting room because he takes the extra time for patients when they need more from him. That's okay because when I need that extra time, I get it.  	5	3	4	4 	Insurance:Medicare
82	1	Dr. Fortunato makes you feel comfortable and free to ask questions. He returns all my calls himself, instead of having his staff do it.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
82	1	Very good and caring doctor. No problems renewing medications, good sense of humor. Very pleased.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
82	0	Well my husband and I have been seeing him for about a month are so we are not happy.First we had blood drawn and it was never picked up they said it was Quest fault. We where very understanding with that and went back and gave more blood. We got our results back threw the mail everything is there but my thyroid test I called about it because I have thyroid problems and guess what I am stillwaiting for a phone call .I have called 3 times no phone call .I wish I would have looked at the lab form better because I do not think the box was marked after I asked to make sure it was marked because I am not feeling well. I think thats why I am not getting a phone call back because my husbands is on is lab report but mine is not .I think I am going to be looking for a new doctor yet again.  	1	4	1	4 	Insurance:CIGNA
82	1	He's a good man.  He cares about his patients and their families.   Hard worker!! 	3	2	4	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
82	1	I had visited him several times over a couple years and was not particularly impressed with all the drug rep garbage in his waiting room. I called for some nausea/vomiting issue one time and I asked they call something in to my pharmacy. I never heard back from them and assumed he was not willing to help if he wasn't getting a copay, even though any other doctor does this for regular patients. I changed dr's. 	4	4	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	Dr. Fortunato is very knowledgable and takes the time to listen. Visits are always pleasant. Dr. Fortunato is always on time. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	Dr. Fortunato seemed very patient oriented and knowledgeable. He was only about 5-6 minutes behind schedule. He took all the time I needed to ask questions and he gave easy to understand responses to my questions. It is my opinion that you will find this doctor to be a thourough and compassionate person.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
83	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
83	-1	Avoid these people!  On the initial visit, a stated $200 routine exam became $300 without warning or need, though they knew I had no insurance.  It took several calls and 2 trips to get my x-rays.  But I'm glad I did because my new dentist found Ferguson had missed a cavity by a crown and was going to fill several good teeth unnecessarily.  He is no longer the only biological dentist in the area - Keep Looking! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
84	-1	self serving 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	I think Dr. Fernando is one of the best Pediatricians around. He has always been very helpful and caring. My son has been see ing him since he was 3 months old and he is now 8 years old. I would not take him anywhere else. Dr. Fernando is the BEST!!! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	Dr. Fernando is Great. He is always willing to answer questions and keep explaining things until we understand. His nurse's are usually nice...only a few problems with them. Only downfall is that he has really started getting busy and now you have to wait to get in...usually 45-90min after appt time. Although that seems to be the norm around here for a good doctor. He has never took chances with our girls...(being our 1st was 9 weeks early) I feel he is one of the best.  		4	4	4 	Insurance:HealthPartners
86	1	Dr. Fears is amazing. Great service.  Very compassionate! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
87	1	Dr. Follis was Awesome!!  Would totally go back to him!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
87	-1	There was extreme last minute confusion and changing of our appointment time by the staff. We waited 45 minutes to see the doctor. The doctor refused to provide surgery to remove a 2.25 cm stone. He stated that the medicine Thiola would possibly dissolve the stone. Thiola is a chelating agent, it does not dissolve stones. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	Dr. Fleming is a dear. She is very knowledgeable and takes the time to listen carefully to your worries. I always leave feeling better, even before I take any medicine.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
88	1	I am so happy I found Dr. Fleming. She has been my primary caregiver for 6-7 years now and I can only give her rave reviews. She answers all my questions at my level. I also appreciate the fact that she considers the patient's pocketbook when prescribing care. Dr. Fleming relates well to her patients and always seems to have a smile. She also refuses to give antibiotics when not necessary, which is important to me.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
88	1	I have been seeing Dr. Fleming for five years and find her to be the perfect doctor for me.  Appointments are easy to schedule, no long wait time in waiting room or exam cubicle and reasonable pricing.  All calls are answered timely and lab reports are provided in verbal or hard copy.  She spends time talking to her patients even when I was a new one.  No problems with insurance filings either.  I use GEHA insurance. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
88	-1	this doctor is very rude and uncaring for her new patents she thinks just because you are younger and take daily meds for a bipolar disorder, that you are  selling them and will cut you off your meds all together. So please please don't go to her go to someone else that you can trust.  	5	2	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
89	1	. Great-Would recommend-spent plenty of time with me and listened 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
89	-1	I would never go back to this doctor ever again. 	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
90	1	The best Dr I have ever gone to!  He spends time with you. Has a great bedside manner.  Good with all ages. Great since of humor.  Most important he is GREAT at what he does.  He did surgery on my knee and it went better than I expected!  I have seen him for a broken foot as well, he could have pushed for surgery and he didn't.  The only thing negative I could say is to plan on spending some time waiting. The reason for this is he actually spends time with his patients, he does not rush you.  I have never felt rushed by this Dr. and actually look forward to seeing him. He listens to my concerns even if they are not related to what my appointment was made for.  He is a joy to spend time with and a fantastic Dr. Highly highly recommended!!! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
90	1	Great doctor.  Takes time with you.  After my elbow surgery, I felt good as new.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
91	-1	HIS LICENSE WAS REVOKED BY THE STATE OF MO APRIL 2010 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
92	0	Recent new patient - waited over an hour from scheduled appt (for which as requested I was 30 min early).  I am ambivalent about her expertise as of yet but I do think as they use to say &quot;she needs to work on her bedside manner&quot;.  No warm and fuzzies.  Looked more at the computer than me.  	3	1	3	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
92	1	I had a different experience with Rachel Oiknine. She was always very prompt (never waited for more than 10 minutes) and   I have had more than 5 appts with her in the last 5 months. She was also very nice and personable. I was able to ask questions and she gave thorough answers. She remembered everything about my case at each appt and even made adjustments to her schedule to accomodate me.  I would recommend her to others.  	3	5	5	4 	Insurance:Anthem
92	-1	This applies only to my experience. While she seemed initially knowledgeable of my condition, she was extremely dedicated to one particular medication despite that my worst symptoms were not improving. I suffered for over a year because of her single-mindedness, but improved dramatically upon a physician and medication change. On my last, long-scheduled visit, I had to wait over two hours because she was late. Her manner was almost consistently abrupt, disrespectful and extremely doctrinaire. In my experience with her, she lacked empathy, interacting on a more mechanized, impatient level. She was frequently unable to answer my questions and would complain about her own personal problems. I am sad to say that I could never recommend her to anyone. I also had a difficult time getting copies of test results and there seemed to be a strong over-reliance on test results alone.  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Aetna
92	0	She seems to be a very knowledgeable doctor, but could use some improvement in her bedside manner. She is very short and to the point with her answers and seemed to be in a hurry. As a new patient, she probably spent 10 minutes with me.  	3	4	2	4 	Insurance:Aetna
93	1	Dr. Farias was incredible from beginning to end. He walked me through my procedure at the Lifestyle Lift and was there for me all the way. I love my results!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
93	-1	Had the lifestyle lift twice and still have my jowls. wrinkled neck.  Now I also have my ears sewed to my face and my ear lobes are gone.  After all the pain, I look the same! 	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
94	-1	Went in the morning after I hurt my groin area the night before. He prescribed me a weeks supply of pain medicine and referred me on to one of his specialist buddies in St. Joesph-two full weeks after my initial visit at the MC clinic. I called asking for more pain medication after the weeks worth was out and he denied it saying I should take tylenol for my quite painful groin accident. Very frustrating to work with, especially if you have to transfer meds from a doctor you used to see to his office. He won't prescribe anything risky, i.e, narcotics, sleeping aids, or anxiety medications, even if the previous doctor you saw had you on them. 	3	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
95	1	She saved my life.  Simple as that.  I believe she can help anyone who is willing to work.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
96	1	Hard to  get in touch with.  	4	4	3	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
97	-1	I was not impressed with any part of my visit. First I waited 2.5 hours to see the doctor..hard to do with a 1 year old, to end up getting the issue resolved with a different doctor at a different practice, since dr firlit did nothing to help. Second I have been billed for the full price of the exam, since they keep billing my insurance for the nurse not the DR we seen. It has been over a year now, and over 15 attempts to have them bill my insurance the correct provider and noone in their billing department can get it right. Very frustrating. STAY AWAY FROM THIS OFFICE, unless you have years to deal with billing issues for a doctor that cant resolve your problems, and keeps you waiting hours to do so.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
98	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
