dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	-1	This is the 3rd visit where Dr Quinn has stated he does not know what is going on. Waited an hour and a half for him. He cant get out of the room fast enough. You can't even ask him questions he gets out so fast. He just keeps saying come back in 2 weeks. 	2	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
2	-1	I saw him two times. He was always in hurry, trying to get in and get out. On my second exam, I could not stand. He quickly explained and referred me to another doctor. He did not even ask me if I had medicine for pain. I called the referred doctor and they could not prescribe me anything as they had not seen me. I went through the similar process in a different city 3 years ago, and that was such a good experience. I am now on the waiting list for surgery as well as waiting for prescription. 	4	4	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	I just happened across this website by pure mistake however, I must say this:  I was with my mother-in-law to see Dr. Quinn just last week and yes, he was quick to say what he wanted to say and move on and he was very straight forward, which is important as he obviously has surgeries to perform.  I have to say, his Assistant Dave was AWESOME and explained everything to my mother-in-law and myself and we both felt Great to have someone as Good as Dr. Quinn after all, he may be quick in to see you but he is the one that does the surgery and I feel that God is with us in the decision to use Dr. Quinn.  Thank you Dr. Quinn and Dave I believe he has a title of more than just an Assistant as he was very helpful and assurred us that we were in excellent hands with Dr.  Quinn!  Thank you Dave, you are Awesome and made my mother-in-law feel great when leaving to come back next week for surgery! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	-1	This doctor acted like he did not have time for me.  He was standing at the door with his hand on the doorknob while I was trying to ask questions.  He did not ask me if I had any questions either, I just had to try to ask my questions before he went out the door.  I did not feel like he took enough time with me to explain what was wrong with me, what may have caused the problem, what to do (or not) to keep it from happening again.  	4	3	1	3 	Insurance:Coventry
3	1	. Very knowable, understanding, easy to speak to 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
4	1	Rating is based on 6-7yrs w/Dr Qureshi both as my personal physician &amp; thru St John's Urgent Care. I have found her to be knowledgeble &amp; caring. She supports good health, offering ideas and resources based on individual &amp; family needs. Also, Dr. Qureshi has been great with my kids (boys &amp; girls pre-teen to 18+). They feel comfortable with her in every situation. There was a comment re: short office hours (9:30-3:00) &amp; no referrals, ending in ER visits. St John's Urgent Care is in the same offices as Dr. Qureshi &amp; 2 other doctors. Often she is the doctor in charge during Urgent Care hours: 5:00-9:00pm M-F &amp; noon - 4:00pm(&#63;) weekends. I think we're so lucky to have this service in the Monett area; Urgent Care visits aren't much more than regular regular office visits &amp; it sure beats the wait &amp; higher costs of the ER. Enough said! Love St.John's; love Urgent Care; LOVE Dr. Qureshi!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	-1	Terrible hours - she is usually only in the office from 9:30-3:00 and doesn't refer patients to anyone else if she isn't available or claims she is full for the day.  You end up going to the ER for a non-emergency because there is no where else to turn. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	Knowledgeable, caring, and very professional. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	-1	This doctor is a prescription writing fanatic.  He doesn't pay attention to how the patient is physically doing.  If a medicine is causing a side effect he just writes out another script instead of trying a different dosage or trying another medication that may not have such a severe side effect.  He answers personal phone calls in the middle of talking with a patient &amp; only spends approx. 10-15 minutes with them to begin with.  	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
7	1	Dr. Quint is a great doctor - works at Family Health Center- Low cost clinic.  He sometimes runs late 	4	2	5	4 	Insurance:Anthem
8	1	I absolutely love this doctor.  I feel that he has a genuine concern for me and he allows me to be an active partner in my treatment.  I'd rate him even higher if there were more options.  highly recommend. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	-1	Misdiagnosed me.  He actually accused me of being depressed and thought I was making up my symptoms.  (which turned out to be TIA's, and I have a rare disease) GO TO ST LOUIS, KC, or somewhere else it could save your life.  Trust me!!! 	5	5	3	1 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	Dr. Quinn is very knowledgable and has a wonderful bedside manner. I would recommend him to anyone needing his expertise. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	Dr. Qayum is awesome. He's very caring and knowledgable. When you walk into a doctors office physicians sometimes act like robots and treat you as justanother patient. Not Dr. Qayum. Dr. Qayum acts like a real human being. Very down to Earth, sociable, and has a good sense of humor. He treats you like a REAL human being. I Recommend him to anyone searching for a primary doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
10	1	Dr. Qayum is currently assisting and treating an embarrassing condition I have developed. He's very professional, caring, funny, and a great listener. He treated my grandma's cancer and saved her life. I recommend him to anyone. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	Dr. Qayum seems to really care what you have to say.  He want's to find out what is causing your symptons - not just hand out drugs to treat them.  He is willing to spend time with you and listen to what you say.  He seems very knowledgable.  I would recommend him. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	Dr. Quinn is an amazing pediatrician. If I wasn't 21 and could still go to her, I definitely would. She has been my doctor since day one. She is incredibly helpful and insightful.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
12	-1	I will never go back. Dr. Quist was hired by the Alcona Health Center in Oscoda, Michigan.  He is running this center into the ground.  A of former patients have already found new physicians.  I would give it another 6 months and they will be closing the doors because of this Doctor had his qualifications.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	1	the VERY best...i felt completely informed and at ease...thank you for this rating opportunity...  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Veterans Administration
13	1	Excellent bedside manor. Answers any questions that you may have. Will explain things to you in terms you can understand.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
