dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	 I see Dr. John a couple times a month to help relieve pain in my neck and hips.  I started on a wellness plan where I was seeing Dr. John 2-3 times a week.  Now I only have to visit 1-2 times a month.  I would highly recommend him.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	-1	 This man hurt me worse than I was. I had an L5S1 herniated disc that was pinching my sciatic nerve. When I saw him I waited over 3 hours in his office. It was like romper room in there. A pill factory. He recommended I do an ESI. The day of my procedure I waited 3+hours. The nurse anesthesia was very rude and ugly about me taking pan meds. Made me feel like a pill seeker. The meds they gave me for sedation didn't work. I felt everything. When I got home I laid in bed as ordered. The pain was worse immediately! It never got better either. 4 months later I ended up having surgery. I am now pain free. Praise God.  This dr didn't help me at all! 	5	2	1	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	1	commentsi was on my way from biloxi and had a flat on the way and called to let them knw what had happened and told me i had 15 min after my appointment time i got to 92b and had to go to 95b so called said i was passin 92 said it was cool should be there on time so cvalled back and let them know i might be 1 2 mins late they said it was cool had till 145 i made it at 146 and was told to go back home when ws told that was fine to jus hurry up so i did and was 1min late told me if i start having withdraws to go to emergency room that i had to go through them for 10 days that would be my next appointment Paid/Co-pay:$120	2	3	2	5	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	 Dr Barclay is a very good and personable dr and he know what he is doing.  He has given me injections in my back and my neck and it has helped.  He seems to always be behind but I want to think that it is because he takes time with each patient.  	5	3	5	5	Insurance:MedicarePaid/Co-pay:$1900
10	1	commentsWhile Dr. Ball is nearing retirement, he is a very good doctor. I've seen him a few times and he is very caring and knows his stuff. I highly recommend him. 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
13	-1	 NOT ON TIME AT ALL. APPT AT 8AM FOR SURGERY DIDNT START TILL 11AM. DID NOT NOT KEEP FAMILY MEMBERS INFORMED AT ALL.  I FEEL VERY DISRESPECTED!!! 	5	1	1	1	Insurance:Medicare
13	1	commentsDr. Bailey's detachment could be mistaken for rudeness. However, I found him to be a highly skilled doctor. He greeted me warmly, examined me, diagnosed my ailment, performed the surgery, and I was on my way in under two (2) hours. I was quite satisfied with him. Also, his nurse is a jewel. Paid/Co-pay:$32500		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
13	-1	 Very arrogant. Rushed through visit. Did not listen to me or my family member.  		3	2	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$2000
19	1	 A great Dr. who cares about his patients sincerely and goes above and beyond to make sure they are taking care of.  He spent a great deal of time with me trying to learn all that he can to help me with my condition.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
19	-1	commentsDr. Baker is notoriously bad at communicating with his patients. You have to ask him the same question repeatedly, and even then he may or may not answer your question. Be prepared to &quot;pull teeth&quot; for answers to your questions if he's your doctor. He also advised a 5'11&quot;, 300 pound heart patient to &quot;keep on eating what you've been eating&quot;. This is obviously poor advice. I would defintely recommend finding a different cardiologist. 	3	2	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
19	-1	commentsWhile installing a new pacemaker lead, he punctured the wall of my heart, and sent me back to my room. I bled outside my heart for about three hours, then &quot;crashed,&quot; and spent the next three days in ICU. He did not have the courage to face me for several days, and never admitted fault. His supervising cardiologist, Dr. Sangani, is great, but no longer does procedures. I changed practices because of this, fearing a medical emergency in which I would have to rely on the on-call physician in this office and the possibility of getting this doctor again. 	1	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
23	0	commentsDoctor was 2 hours late for the appointment. Was left in waiting room during this time. Misdiagnosis as well. 	2	1	2	3	Insurance:Unknown
23	0	 She doesn't seem to believe in the people who trust her. I went to her for three years and she blew me off. So i had to find a dr. who was willing to help me.  	2	1	2	3	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
31	1	 Great bedside manner.  Very caring and knowledgable 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	1	 Dr. Nathan Baldwin is one of the best family doctors I have ever encountered.  My family and I live in Tupelo, MS, but we drive all the way to Booneville, MS, approximately forty minutes out of the way, to see Dr. Baldwin. Not only is his staff friendly and caring, so is he.  He can walk in the room and know what's wrong with you.  I'll tell you this for sure, he never leaves the room to look in a book when diagnosing you or your children. I feel he's a blessing from the Lord.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	1	commentsDr. Balder is WONDERFUL. I recently had gastric bypass and was very nervous about making the final decision.  Dr. Balder is very patient and understanding.  If he is late for an appointment it is because he is spending time with another patient explaining their needs to them. I know during my consultation he spent over an hour with me discussing the surgery options and which one he thought was best for me.  He made me feel like I was his only patient and I really appreciated that.  He has a wonderful bedside manner.  He is not ashamed to recommend faith in prayer, having God in your life, and studying the Bible.  This provided me with a lot of confidence in knowing that I had chosen the best doctor for me.  He gives his patients his personal cell phone number and expects them to use it if they have any questions at any time.  I couldn't have asked for a better or more caring doctor than Dr. Balder. Paid/Co-pay:$15700	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
68	0	 Please compare dr's! No one is perfect but some feel they are.  	4	2	2	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	0	 Had to wait over an hour and he didn't appolize for the wait. The staff was very helpful. Not sure I will continue with Dr. Balder at this time.  	5	1	2	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
71	1	 I have been in chronic pain after my failed back surgery for over 10 years.  I was treated by &quot;Pain Management&quot; for many years with high doses of Methadone causing me to be unable to work, spend time with family and enjoy hobbies as I felt &quot;doped up&quot;.  I finally found Dr. Barfield at Comprehensive Pain and Rehabilitation.  They have helped me regain me life.  Contrary to the previous reviewed, I have a spinal cord stimulator now that has decreased my severe chronic pain by more than 80%.  I am so grateful for the compassion, time and energy as well as the advanced knowledge of the doctors at Comprehensive Pain and Rehabilitation.  By the way, I am off Methadone and feel so much more like myself.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
71	-1	 Don't see this doctor ever!!  this doctor and his staff will make you suffer in pain and they will never give the proper or right amount of pain medicine to you.  They want to install a $20,000.00 spine stimulator with $5,000 a year follow up appointments.  Worse group of doctors and PAs I have ever seen.  	2	2	1	1	Insurance:TricarePaid/Co-pay:$12
72	-1	 won't actually treat anything.Doesn't listen to patient's complaints.  	5	3	1	1	Insurance:Medicare
72	-1	commentsdosent listen to u take time miss dignoses u and treat u like crap Paid/Co-pay:$1000	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	 I love Dr. Barbieri he has done 4 diffirent hand surgery out come great. Toe surgery some trouble but my fault because I kept falling and messing it up.  Very friendly and professional.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
73	1	 VERY KNOWLEDGABLE; WOULD RECOMMEND THIS DR. TO ANYONE. THIS WAS THE BEST MEDICAL EXPERIENCE THAT I HAVE EVER HAD.  		3	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
74	1	commentsI have used Dr. Ball for 18 years. I have found him to be a very nice and professional caregiver. On routine check ups, he does rush you through so that he can get to his next appointment but on other occasions, he is good at what he does. 	5	5	3	5	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	 Very cordial and helpful.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
92	1	commentsDr Bailey is wonderful! I wemt to her for the first time and was very pleased! Since I was a mew patient she took time out to talk to sit down and meet me on a personal level. She sat down thoroughly explained to me what as going on with my body and all the details about the medicines she was prescribing. She gave me lots samples and pamphlets. She is an amazing OB/GYN 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	 Dr. Bailey is a wonderful and kind dr. She takes her time during the appointment and answers any questions you have.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
93	1	 He was very comforting and patient with me.  This experience is already somewhat uncomfortable for a woman, but Dr. Ball is the consummate professional, and he really went out of his way to make me comfortable.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
93	1	.  outstanding 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$235
