dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
3	1	commentsDidn't keep me waiting when I had my appointments!  I love that. Explained procedures in understandable language; called me at home to see how I was doing after in-office surgery.  His office personnel are helpful, cheerful and polite.  My experience was completely satisfactory. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
3	0	commentsno answer for what is wrong 	4	4	3	3	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	.  he's the best 	5	3	3	5	Insurance:Medicare
4	1	 The most knowledgable and helpful physician I have ever been to.  My wife had surgery which was a total sucess.  He spends time and is very thorough.  Very caring.  May be one of the best total knee doctors in the country.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	1	 Dr Omohunro is the finest Doctor I have ever treated me. Great bedside manners No nonsense perfect 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	1	 Very easy to talk to. Makes me feel comfortable with anything.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	-1	commentsI would not recommend Dr. Oertman.  A MRI done by my Spokane allergy doctor proved repiratory problems I was having to be caused by debris in my sinus cavities found to be threatening to break through into my eye and brain areas and as housing an infection.  I returned to Kalispell in critical need of an operation.   Dr. Oehrtman scheduled my operation but felt that I didn't need first need antibiotics to clear up the infection.  I had to go to a walk in clinic to get the infection cleared up first, so canceled my operation with Dr. Oehrtman and re-scheduled it with Dr. Hill who I trusted.  Unfortunately, a few years later, my ex-husband had neck surgery done by Dr. Oehrtman with bad results.  I am sorry to say I would not trust Dr. Oehrtman to do any surgery. 	3	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	 Good rapport, explained problem and recommended another dr. to treat condition.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
21	1	commentsDr. Owen provided excellent care for me and helps me to my preference.  I give her and excellent review and I suggest her to anyone who has dermatology needs. 	5	5	5	4	Insurance:Unknown
21	-1	commentsDr. Owen did not seem to be at all focused on what she was scheduled to be doing medically - she seemed to have her mind on something pressing. Her  practice of using a reusable pen/marker on unscrubbed skin concerned me in terms of risk for nosocomial infection and her knowledge or caring about that. I also did not notice her scrubbing the site with any kind of antiseptic, neither before or after marking. The marker was recapped but not disposed of. Dr. Owen did the 'prep' herself, not the nurse. Because I was alone with the doctor at the time, I did not feel comfortable questioning her moves right before she was going to cut me open. So in terms of my perception of risk for infection and overall comfort with procedure and with the doctor personally, I did not rate this doctor highly and I would not recommend her to others. 	5	5	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
27	-1	 I would never recommend this doctor to anyone.  My son suffers from PTSD and Dr. Olson was not helpful to my son, we wasted money on tests and medication that were unneccessary.  He  continually cancelled and changed appointments and now refuses to give us a copy of our medical records even after we signed and paid for the copies.  He actually told us in order to get the records my son had to come back for another visit with him and then he would give him the records.  	1	1	1	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	-1	 Dr Olson is running a common sceme against unsuspecting individuals. He makes you pay up front (500.00), and approx 150.00 per visit afterwards. My daughter was his patient fro approx 17 days. In that time we had to pay upfront 615.00. On approx the 17th day the Dr sent her a letter saying he was no longer her Dr and would not provide ant info as to  why. She was seeing him for opiate dependance -so you can imagine the turmoil his common scheme caused our family. We are in ther process of sueing him for theft..Check out his reviews on &quot; Vitals .com&quot;.      If you love yourself or your family members, please do not go to this doctor.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	1	 The best.  Very insightful and very thorough 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	1	comments* understands that older patients are not naive to their potential disorder--he works WITH you, allowing you to take an active part in recovery.      * open to various approaches to treatment       * was attentive and informative throughout.        	5	5	3	5	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	.  Has been very good with myself and my daughter 	4	5	4	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	-1	comments 	4	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	 Had been vacationing in the Mission Val. when I presented to the ER @ St. Lukes in Ronan with pain @ 8/10,RT L. Ing. Hernia with a protruding piece of bowel. Was taken care of STAT. Dr O'Conner saved my life. F/U was superb, painless staple rem'l X 16. Dr O'Conner is a tremendous assest to your wonderful &amp; beautiful community. Thank You, Thank You, Thank You.  signd  CD Clingerman Retired RN.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
46	1	commentsI started going to Dr. Osborn after my 1st child was born. She is great. Very straight forward. She does tend to be late for appointments all the time though. Usually because she is in surgery or something, but I had to wait 1 1/2 hours for her one time. 	4	2	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
51	1	commentsOutstanding physician!  Dr. Oliveira takes a personal interest in every patient and has a thorough understanding of medicine. 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
51	1	 Dr. Oliveira has always been very helpfull highly reccomend 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
51	-1	comments 	2	4	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
