dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	. she is amazing 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
2	1	Diagnosed my problem in minutes, verified by lab tests the same day. prescribed medication. Relief! I highly recommend Dr English.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	1	Dr English is the most through doctor I have ever met.  She is very gentle, answers all of your questions and gets to the root of the problem that is going on with you!  I would recommend her to anyone seeking a Rheumatologist! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	Very knowledgeable and conservative to operate.  Will confer with other doctors in office to choose proper course of action.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	0	The dental assistant and the receptionist would actually talk about other patients and make nasty comments about them from behind the partition. I could hear them while sitting in the waiting room! Dr. Elkin has a good chair-side manner. I did notice that whenever he worked on me, my jaw was sore for about a week afterwards. I also had to redo a root canal that he did because he missed some nerves the first time. The other work that he did for me turned out fine.  	1	4	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	I think Dr. Diane Eodice is an extraordinary doctor. I have never yet had to wait for my scheduled appointments, although I would be glad to if she is giving everyone the kind of attentive care I received in her office. I recommend her highly.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	-1	don't go to Dr. Diane if you have any kind of time limits don't go to her. She was my primary doctor for 3 years. Never once did I get in to see her without waiting more than an hour.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	My husband was fortunate enough to get Dr. Eodice as his phycisian when he went to the ER at a hospital in Maine. She is an excellent doctor. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	Both doctors are awesome. They make you feel welcome and important. You can talk to them and they truly listen. I am very happy with both of them.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	My family has been seeing Dr. Eodice for 7 years.  I really like her.  Whenever one of my kids has had a trouble, they get seen asap, squeezed in somewhere if necessary.  We never have to wait a week to be seen like some places.  Dr. Eodice's husband is also a doctor and also great! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	 	2	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	Excellent knowledge base. Chooses the best specialists through research. Caring, thorough. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	Dr. Ecklund is very knowledgeable and involves me in my treatment. I have had RA for more than 40 years and have visited a number of physicians across the country. He is excellent and by far the best in Bozeman.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
7	1	One of the best at communicating with a patient and actually listening to a patient rather than coming in with preconceived notions. He is fabulous, although I still suffer from my illness.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	Dr. Ecklund has treated me for ostoarthritis for over ten years. He is kind, compassionate and pays attention to detail. I am an R.N. and have seen three other area rheumatologists in the past and have found them bored and disinterested. I find Dr. Ecklund to be the best in the area. He works with me as a team and I feel that I have an active part in seeking the most optimum health that I can achieve under his guidence. He listens and cares. He never brushes off any questions or complaints, never talks down, and always tries to get to the source of the problem. If I need physical therapy, he orders it. If radiology or blood testing is indicated it's done. And he lets me know the outcome. I never have to hunt him down to learn results. He is very careful,  meticulous and knowledgeable.  I am extremely fortunate to be under his care.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
7	1	I have had R.A. for 33 yrs and seen MANY Rheumatolists and I found Dr. Ecklund refreshing. Very professional and knowledgeable. He took a T.B. test (I take biological drugs) and informed me of the need to have this done yearly while on biological medicines. I have been on biological meds for 5 years and never got a T.B. test with my previous doctor. I am impressed so far and I hope I continue to be so.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
7	-1	This doctor was not helpful.  He would give you pain medication and if you had to take extra ones throughout the day from a higher pain level, he would accuse you of being an addict.  Very rude and didn't care to listen to the reasons for increased pain like moving! Beware! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	Very personable physician. Excellent bedside manor. You will be pleased with his staff who reflect the same great attitude as Dr. Ecklund.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	1	Dr Elrod is a great doctor. Very Intelligent and has great advice. He was the only one that helped me with head injury symptoms that I didn't understand and other Doctors could not seem to help me with. He listened and helped easy my pain, he helped me find medications that helps with symptoms of depression and seziure like attacks that occur. Although I still deal with short term memory loss and these same issues day to day. I would return to Dr Elrods care in an instant. He is a lifesaver and and wonderful doctor who helped me when no one else would. I owe him great Thanks.  (Thank You Dr.  Scott) Kelly 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:MSP
8	0	This man has a patronizing manner.  He is knowledgeable, but too quick to assume he knows and also, over estimates his knowledge.  I don't trust that he learns anything new.  He confused my medical issues with mental.(despite lots of well known current information)  He was behind the times on my issues.  I think this man would leave anyone who goes to him, feeling smaller than when they first walk in the door.  	1	5	2	4 	Insurance:Medicare
8	0	He knows his stuff but his bedside manner is poor. He focused on aspects of my life that were not relevant to my problem and jumped to conclusions too quickly. He made me feel uncomfortable and agitated.  		2	1	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
8	-1	Uses high doses of neuroleptics. Says one thing and does another. Tells you he will reduce neuroleptic medication and then doesn't. Can not be trusted. Thinks old elderly age doesn't begin until you reach 85. Condescending.  		3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	-1	Appears to be very uncaring, unsophisticated; quality of care may well be a reasoned basis for litigation. Relies heavily on high doses of neuroleptic, psychotropic medications and has been very slow to respond to patient reports of adverse medically dramatic side effects. 		2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
9	-1	He attempted to insert dye into my shoulder and after much pain which took him 30 minutes... it bruised my entire shoulder.. As I laid there he said don't look at me!  Extremely rude and I would not have him touch me if I was dying.  	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	Dr. Ericksen was great! He made sure that he was making the correct diagnoses rather than just guessing. After trying several different options surgery was highly recommended by him. He was a great surgeon - I had the surgery performed in their surgery center onsite. Definitely would recommend him for morton's neuroma. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	Foot and Ankle specialist as well as sportsmedicine expertise.  He worked on my daughters ACL and it was very sucessful.  Excellent physical therapy office in their office but not owned by the doctors.  I would recommend that office for all your needs.  	 4/19/08	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	1	Kara Erickson is a PA-C.  She is very good and provides excellent care.  Not overly hard to get into see.  The office reception staff are excellent however Mrs Erickson's nurse is most unpleasant to deal with.  	 6/23/08	3	4	4	Insurance:United Healthcare
11	-1	He is very hard to talk to, will not listen and wants to run the show. unfortunatly he is not the sick patient!! He has no humor, no emotions at all and I rate this guy poor on any scale. 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
11	-1	No personality. Rude, condescending, and uncaring. 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	Paul, is a great DR. he listens, cares, and has a great sense of humor to boot.  He puts the human back in to going to the Dr. Stay independent Paul, Don't let St. Petes push you around and take over your freedom. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	Paul is a caring, independent doctor who will not be bullied by St. Pete's.  He is great.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	1	Dr. Eodice is wonderful! He is the first doctor that I have ever had that actually listened and cared about me. He engaged in conversation about my life and then asked about the things I had said on my next visit. He really seems to care. The staff is great, went out of their way to help when I needed my records copied. Would recommend him to anyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
12	-1	I have a back injury. For a year he put me on Oxycontin. NASTY!! Pain was awful!!!year later got my surgery. A lil pain. I'm good. My problem with him is he dubbed me an addict. When in fact he never gave me physical therapy; injections of cordisone. Nothing NON OPIATE!! Needless to say Dr. Eodice did more HARM than HELP.  thx! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Workers Comp
12	1	 	2	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	-1	I went with my daughter to this man (I say man because he has not acted like a DOCTOR). He refused to give her the meds she has been on for years before moving to Bozeman - we had documentation from her other doctors AND she is awaiting her disability for PTSD. He then contacted the ER where she went for help and LIED - he described her as an addict (3 to 4 xanax a day does NOT make an addict) and an IV drug user!!!!  She has moved here to help us out and she got treated this way! She proved she has NO drugs in her system at the ER. He is not only incompetent but harmful in the way he treated my daughter. IMO he should have his license revoked. Talking with a lawyer today. 	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	Knowledgeable Doctor. She hates to be corrected though...a little head strong and Condescending. However, as mentioned she is extremely knowledgeable in her field. She is not a family  or General Practitioner. She is Endocrinology. I would see her again just keep my opinions about all else quiet as she insists on being &quot;right&quot; on other topics outside of  health care. 	5	3	3	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	0	 	5	1	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	Very knowledgeable about his surgical procedures. He has a great bedside manner, kind, gentle and cares about patients and their families. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	We had five children under Dr. Ezell.  He is not only very knowledgable, but extremely caring.  He helped us through the loss of a twin and a miscarriage.  I would highly reccomend Dr. Ezell to anyone who need a fantastic OBGYN.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	Very knowledgable.  He makes you feel at ease.  Experienced 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	. Very helpful and always willing to take as much time as he needs to make sure all my questions are answered 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
18	1	 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
19	-1	Dr Erpelding examined me for 6 min. He told me I should get over it &amp; go on with my life after A near fatal car crash that left me with A shattered hip& massive intrrnal injuries &amp; 1/2 of A left lung.& A left leg that is 1&quot; shorter than the other!!& my stomach sewn to the bottom of my left lung to patch me back together. DR erpelding was hired by the insurance company responsible for payment of my injuries to eleviate their liabilities for my permanent disability without any regard for my continued pain and suffering. He was more interested in my driver's license to secure payment than my injuries. He acted like he didn't want to be bothered. I take full responsibility for everything written above, you can call me at area code 406-445-2248, 1PM to 6PM mountain time. Thank You. Wayne Mihalyfi 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	I have had 2 carpel tunnel surgeries and my husband a knee replacement.  We won't go anywhere else.  We think highly of doctor and all staff.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	 	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	Great Doctor..Has been right on with all diagnoses when others have not.  He treats you like family.  Love the staff and the clean environment.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	1	Dr. Engbrecht is compassionate. The first time I saw him I was afraid he would treat me badly, like a few other doctors I'd seen before, but he has been wonderful over the 15 years I've been in Great Falls. I am quite happy I have found him and I appreciate the time he takes during our appointments.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
21	1	Dr. Engan did my gallbladder surgery and it went great! It was done with laparoscopy and the healing time went by fast and I was back to my old self in about 7-10 days. He did a great job! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	. EXCELLANT DOCTOR VERY CAREING AND SUPPORTIVE VERY DOWN TO EARTH BUT YET EXTREMELY ON TOP OF HIS GAME 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
