dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
2	1	commentsFantastic Doctor!  Went out of her way on numerous occasions to help.  Very knowledgable, pleasant, and caring.  Thank you! 	3	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	comments 	5	5	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	.  Appreciated the care I got from dr Maddio and his staff 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	-1	 I can't believe that this guy can continue to practice. He is the utmost worst I have ever come across. I know several people that have gone to him and feel the same way. I'll leave it at that and if you decide to see him just remember, I told ya so.  	3	2	1	1	Insurance:United Healthcare
16	-1	 The absolute worst Dr. you could see.  Stay away!!! 	3	2	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	-1	commentsSave yourself alot of grief and avoid this Dr. like the PLAGUE. I wish I had known about him before I let him cut on me and screw me up. He does not take responsibility for his actions and could care less about his patients. I wished more people would look at this website because I hope I can save someone the grief he caused me. 	3	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
16	-1	commentsI had what was to be a very simple surgery done by Malloy, at least that is how he explained it to me. (He doesn't even deserve to be called a Doctor) I ended up having a disasterous outcome from the surgery,and it was impossible to reverse what he did. He didn't care one bit about what had happened. He did tell me that I could sue him if I wanted to. Not only did he not take blame for what he had done but then he makes fun and tells me to go ahead and sue him. He has a very arrogant and cocky attitude. When you are in his office it seems like you are wasting his time, and he doesn't have time to bother with any of your questions or concerns. I should have acted on my gut feeling the first time I met him and stayed away from him. 	3	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	commentsExcellent oncology doctor, he has been treating me for leukemia for eight years. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
27	-1	 Understaged a tumor and thereby undertreated the disease, monitoring of chemotherapy for complications was not in line with his claims for monitoring. Did not respond to complaint letter.  		2	1	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	1	commentsHe's a doctor that is in it for the money, not because he truly wants to help people. I heard great things about him so expected a lot more than I got. I won't be going back. 	5	5	3	4	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	commentsHE GIVES THE IMPRESSION OF BEING VERY CARING AND UNDERSTANDING. GIVES YOU PLENTY OF TIME AND EXPLANATION. SAYS THAT HE WILL GET TO THE EXACT DIAGNOSIS. BUT   NO FOLLOW UP AND NO DIAGNOSIS AFTER INITIAL VISIT.   VERY DISAPPOINTING! 	4	4	5	3	Insurance:Unknown
30	-1	.  Seemed more interested in racking up patient visits -- to pad earnings -- than resolving the ongoiong suffering of a toddler, which was finally resolved by going to another doctor 	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	1	commentsExcellent shoulder surgeon and also is one of the only doctors in the area that can scope hips. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
34	-1	 I say Stanley in KRMC ER after amputating my finger on jobsite.  I packed the finger in ice and brought it to ER.  Makman stated &quot;not a good candidate for reattachment.&quot; Asked if he was sure and he said yes.  Let him sew the stump shut.  Post-op, the end of my stump was EXTREMELY bulbous and sensitive.  A breeze across it would bring tears.  I noticed small white spot in the middle of suture line and asked if he had left a nerve end exposed.  Makman blew off question and did not look at spot.  After 3 months the stump hadn't improved.  Makman now said not swelling but scare tissue.  If I wanted it fixed the tissue would have to be cut out by his partner, THE HAND & FINGER SPECIALIST.  I asked if he had contacted his partner before surgery & he said no.  Then admitted that he had not reattached finger since med school.  TOTAL QUACK.  had reputable doc fix stump. post 2nd op doc stated that time since 1st op must have been painful because of exposed nerve ending.   AVOID THIS &quot;DOCTOR&quot; 	4	4	1	1	Insurance:Workers Comp
38	-1	.   	2	2	1	1	Insurance:AARP
38	-1	commentssome visits she never lays a finger on me.  just talks and gives you about 10 minutes per visit.  charges are about $125 for that 10 minutes 	4	4	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
38	-1	commentsMarx think well or research to resolve medical issues that she cannot solve. Right after I began seeing her, I fainted and continued to do so until I left her after close to ten years. I wondered if it was the hypertensive medicine she put me on. I worried it might be my heart. She said there were only two heart conditions that could cause me to faint and both checked out normal. She failed to consider an inherited heart condition caused by a mutant gene whch caused the heart muscle to thicken. The blood pressure medicine made the condition worse. Athough I fainted while driving and fell and injured my foot, she did not refer me for tests to determine the cause of fainting. She  couldn't think of another high blood medicine for fear of slowing my heatbeat. I had symptons of hypertropic cardiomyopthy: lightheadness,fainting, chest pressure and breathlessness and she still didn't refer me to a cardiologist. She believed I was out of shape and anxious and sugested meds for anxiety. 	2	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
48	0	commentsVery expensive. Dr. Amy only works on Tuesday and Thursday.  Difficult to work around her schedule. 	3	3	3	3	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	 Very up to date dentistry.  Not your usual office.  Staff is very aware of each patient.  My dentist is a part of my health package, just like my chiropractor and medical doctor.  Experts in health awareness as it relates to dentistry and the whole system.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
56	1	 Dr. Charlotte Massey is a truly compassionate individual.  It was so nice to have a doctor be so thorough in discussing my health history, and current situation.  She has been a pleasure to deal with as a physician and has provided me with much information/research that was pertinent to my particular needs.   This is not an in and out the door clinic! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
56	1	 Dr. Massey is extremely knowledgeable about women's health and she was able to easily diagnose my issue that other doctors couldn't.  I highly recommend her.  If she doesn't know the answer, she will research it and get back to you.   Very personable! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
59	-1	commentsI came to him and as a first-time visitor I expected to have a pelvic exam performed, but he never even did it and although I had an abnormal bleeding he never looked concerned and suggested me to use... condoms! Great advice and total lack of care. He said he was more into delivering babies. I guess you have to be pregnant or have cancer for him to be interested in your money. Shame! I will not recommend any of my friends to go to him - he doesn't care about women's health. He pretty much asked my why I came to him! Unbelievable. I just wanted to find out what is wrong with me and now I know I have a cervical cyst (went to different doctor) but I could just follow his advice and use condoms...  Living example of someone who becomes a doctor for a paycheck. Very disappointed. Paid/Co-pay:$200	4	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
59	-1	 In the two minutes in the room he was there during my appointments, I never once got a straight answer out of him, was told repeatedly he &quot;wasn't worried&quot; about things that DID end up happening, was treated very poorly by rude receptionists, and had half my appointments canceled because he was on vacation or other non-work related activities. The appointments were always at very inconvenient times so to readjust my schedule only to be canceled on anyway or to have driven all the way up there was incredibly frustrating, even more so after having to deal with condescending receptionists to reschedule an appointment for the third time. I do not feel he cared about me as a patient one bit, just the paycheck. In, out, cold, and distant. The only decent people I met in that office were the nurses.  	1	1	1	3	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
67	1	 Randy has always been helpful and listens.  Able to call him at home regarding issues w/ our daughter.  He does a really good job and comes recommended by many others.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	1	 Randy is a good, caring physician. Willing to consult with other doctors to help determine problems or get opinions on additional treatment options.  		4	4	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
72	1	 Good office staff, good physician who takes time to answer all questions and is not in a rush to get out of the exam room.  Appointment was long enough for all questions to be asked and answered.  Very good experience.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
74	-1	 Had two procedures done by this Dr. The first one was a fusion and hardware put in my back three months latter I had to have another surgery only to find out that several screws loose had to be replaced with more bone graff and more hardware installed. Complained to him that I still had pain going down my leg, I went to him for another year complaining only having exrays done, I finally decided to go get another opinion only to find out by three different Drs telling me x-rays were a waste of time and money that a MRI and Milogram was needed. I found out that harware was loose again with some harware not installed for support in the back. I went back to him only to have him and his nurse very mad about it and that the bone graff was the problem, as per the other three Drs the bone graff is okay it was the lack of support of hardware not installed in back that caused this problem, I would not recommend this Dr to anyone 	1	1	1	2	Insurance:Medicare
74	-1	commentswould not answer questions nor talk to me about scheduled surgery - very poor communication and extremely unprofessional in dealing with patient 	2	3	1	3	Insurance:Unknown
74	1	commentsVery professional, explained procedure in a manner that was understandable. Highly recommended by a fellow neurosurgeon I had been with befire moving back to Montana. I couldn't have been in any better hands with my issue anywhere in the country. He is great. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	 Dr. Malters is very courteous and helpful. She listens to you and doesn't judge you.  I would sincerely recommend her to ANY and ALL patients.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$35
86	1	commentsDr. Malters is superb.  I've been seeing her for 7 years.  She listens, respects the dignity of her patients, and employs a thoughtful combination of counseling and medication. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	commentsThe best dentist, the most helpful and caring dentist around. He also took my 93 year old mother as a patient where other dentists in California and Montana wouldn't touch her. My highest recommendation! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	 Dr. Maes is the premier dentist in Helena.  His new associate, Dr.Sealey, is following in his footsteps.  No dentist in Helena works harder at keeping up-to-date.  His attendance at advanced seminars is recognized state-wide. Some suggest they were pressured into getting services they did not need.  My experience is entirely different.  He informed me of several options, and I made a decision.  No pressure.  Persons commenting about his staff obviously have an axe to grind.  His staff is as friendly and helpful as any medical staff I have encountered in my 66 years. If you want the best, Dr. Maes is it.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
89	1	commentsThe negative comments written below stem from a lack of knowledge. Dr. Maes does more pro bono work than any dentist in the North West. He was awarded the Humanitarian Award by the Academy of General Dentistry along with the Clinical Excellence Award. In addition is considered to be in the top 100 dentist in the nation and does more for his community than anyone I have ever met. A great man with the most helpful and friendly staff I have dealt with in my 60 years of life. He has always been helpful whenever I have been struggling financially and is worried about my health first and foremost.  I highly recommend this doctor, couldn't find a better man. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	commentsIt is important to me to have a dentist that stays current with education and procedures. I know he uses only the best labs and materials that he trusts and will stand behind his care because of it. I trust him with my dental care explicitly. He and his staff explain options for my care so I can understand and make decisions that will work best for me. 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	 Dr. Maes and Dr. Sealey are two of the finest dentists in Helena.  They genuinely care for their patients. Both doctors have converted me from a dentist phobia person to someone who is in every six months for a cleaning and check-up.  The front office staff has to be the best I have dealt with.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Delta Dental
89	1	commentsDr. Maes has been my family's dentist for over 20 years. He really cares about his patients and his work is top notch. I have several crowns that are still going strong decades later. He's gentle as can be! Paid/Co-pay:$800	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
89	-1	commentsWill tell you anything to get money. Told me I had bad teeth, needed expensive work. I balked. He next (separate discussion, different day) told me I had some of the worst teeth he'd ever seen. I still balked, knowing that wasn't true. Still wanting my money, he then told me I had the worst teeth he'd ever seen. I then went to other very reputable dentists and got fresh opinions. All told me my teeth were normal for someone my age. And, in fact, the work I needed did not cost very much and my teeth are in excellent condition now. I could go on... I understand this dentist has HIPAA claims outstanding against him (federal violation of privacy laws) and... If you want to donate money to him, go ahead. I recommend finding a good dentist and sending the extra money to a good charity. Paid/Co-pay:$500	1	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
89	-1	commentsA dentist to be avoided. Has goal of getting as much money as possible by doing unneeded work, claiming problems that don't exist (as confirmed by an expert dentist). Has zero communications skills as well--cannot explain rationale for supposed required services (perhaps because they truly are not required), even upon repeated requests. Avoid this dentist. BAD. 	1	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
89	-1	commentsAvoid this dentist. Based on my bad experiences with him, he won't work with you on problems you have, rather aims for maximum, expensive, unneeded work to support his exotic coral aquarium (in the office) and his retirement, apparently. He charges for work that is neither needed nor completed--as confirmed by a very experienced dentist after this supposed (unneeded) work was supposedly done (and required payment for). Additionally, when repeatedly asked WHY some pre-treatment actions were needed, the dentist could not give any answer. He was pushed on this, as was his staff, but none could give any explanation other than &quot;it's so cool!&quot; (to use the expensive equipment). Bottom line is he wants to use his expensive &quot;toys,&quot; expects patients to help pay for them, but they'd accomplish nothing, at least nothing he and his staff could or would explain. If a professional cannot explain to me why something is needed, then it must not be needed. AVOID this dentist like the plague. Paid/Co-pay:$400	1	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
89	-1	commentsAvoid. Initial exam done by hygienist--dentist didn't even look in mouth at that appointment, dentist requires additional $300 &quot;consultation&quot; to address even simple problems the initial exam appointment was made for (e.g., chipped tooth) appointment was made for. Other very bad experiences relative to unnecessary supposed deep cleanings and such. Avoid. Paid/Co-pay:$400	1	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
97	-1	 Went to this doctor after car accident, was refered to him by attorneys anderson/blievens. Found out they were all great friends and had a team going to make money. They would meet at andersons office every wednesday night for pizza. This doctor misdiagnosed me, and I recieved hardly anything from settlement. Dr Martini would not stand up in court for me, now I know why, he wasn't Lic.  	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
97	-1	commentsThis is one very bad Dr. !! He is no longer practicing,due to his own drug problems.He has lost his privelage to write prec. He was the direct cause of the death of my brother.  He also lost his medicial license in the state of N.Y. that is why he came to MT. DO NOT GO TO THIS SO CALLED DR. 	3	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
97	-1	comments 	4	1	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
99	1	commentsDoctor is extremely knowledgeable, Great personality.   Very consciencous have sent my Father and Mother to be patients. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
99	1	 Great Doctor - does what ever it takes.  Runs what ever tests & does not give up until he gets to the bottom of a problem 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:TricarePaid/Co-pay:$12
99	1	commentsVery patient-oriented physician. Will spend ALL time necessary to resolve any and all patient's concerns. 		4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
100	1	 Professional, friendly and more than competent as a surgeon.  I am very pleased with the results of my surgery.  I appreciate his direct manner of communication. Even though  answers have not always been what I hoped to hear, I've come to trust his professional judgement.  If you want an honest appraisal of your orthopedic problem and the best possible solution, Dr. Martin is an excellent choice.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Tricare
100	-1	.   	5	4	1	1	Insurance:Medicare
100	0	commentsI was referred to Dr. Martin by my regular Dr. after an MRI for back and leg pain. He wasn't my choice - they got me in to see him. Summary - I left crying and frustrated. Dr. Martin was quick to judge me with very little conversation and he made me feel like I deserved my back pain as a punishment for being overweight. He discounted my own pain assessment and made me feel like a cry baby - which I am not. He was scornful of what my other Drs have told me about my arthritis. He gave me about a minute's worth of dietary tips I could have found in Family Circle magazine. He made me feel like I was wasting his valuable time by being there. I have no reason to doubt that Dr. Martin is a great surgeon but he was no help whatsoever to me. His nurse Julie was great. 	5	4	2	4	Insurance:Unknown
100	-1	 I agree very callous rude indifferent and diagnosed complete opposite five other Drs. Who is he working for&#63; It seems like the insurance industry. I have s.s.I I'm not trying to make a Buck.  	4	1	2	2	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-CalPaid/Co-pay:$4
100	1	commentsI have no complants about this DR he DOES listen to me and respects my wishes.I will have to have neck sugery anf i trust him to do this 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
100	1	 Have to say he did an awesome job when it came to my back surgery.What I don't like is his God like attitude and the fact that he had no time to talk with me about my concerns after surgery.He thinks way to high of him self.  	5	5	3	5	Insurance:Workers Comp
100	1	 Dr. Martin gave me my life back!  I'm 51 years old. My L4-L5 disc had slipped out of my vertebrea &amp; was causing major Sciatica pain down my legs, down to my toe on one foot.    I received the disc replacement + 2 rods + 4 screws fusion 2 months ago.  I haven't felt this good for over 30 years!  When I awoke from surgery the recovery nurse asked me how my pain was. I answered, &quot;When is the surgery&#63;&quot; She said I already had the surgery &amp; again she asked how my pain was. I said, &quot;He fixed me! I don't have any pain!&quot; She said I had to have some pain I had just had major surgery. Then I wiggled my hips &amp; said, &quot;Oh, yes I do have a little pain.&quot;  My pain was so little I required only low doses of pain relievers for 2 weeks.   I was up &amp; walking the morning after my surgery. I was told I was going to spend 3 days in the hospital but, I did so well Dr. Martin released me early.  I only spent 27 hours from the time I walked into the hospital until the time I walked out totally on my own! :) 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
100	1	 Dr. Jeffrey Martin is the BEST.  He did my back surgery with 100% success.  His staff is wonderful, helpful and kind.  Dr Martin is insightful, knowledgeable, and a great surgeon and would and have recommended him to others.  So grateful to be out of pain.   Thank you Dr Martin and Staff 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
100	-1	commentsThis Dr. is callous, rude, does not listen or receive anything you say. He talks over you.He has no knowledge or experience in pain management.Makes a quick/rash diagnosis without any kind of evaluation as he is so busy listening to himself speak. very hyper( high strung) the worst physician I have EVER had contact with. Do not waste your time or money on this fool that has no business treating anyone! 	3	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
100	1	 I can only praise Dr. Martin for his work...he was very forthright in the information I received and he was funny, too, which put my nervousness to ease.  I had surgery on my neck several years ago to secure a herniated disc.  I had several other issues and he suggested we secure the one disc to avoid a permanent disability.  I'm very glad we went that route as I am able to work, drive, and do most everything I have done in the past. Dr. Martin couldn't guarantee that the procedure would last forever - as my cartlidge is a factor with the other two discs, but I appreciate being given the option.  I wish he were back in Corona, CA.  Much to my disappointment, he left to pursue other opportunities.  	4	5	4	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
100	0	commentsThis dr is impatient and verbally abusive. He refused to listen to my complaints and was beligerent 	5	1	2	3	Insurance:Unknown
100	1	commentsHe saved my mothers life and her leg! Wish he didn't move out of California because we just don't trust anyone else. 	4	4	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
100	0	commentsI was there for a very long time, took xrays that were not the correct view he wanted and after being there for almost 2 hours he wanted me to go downstairs again and wait to redo my xrays.  The whole experience was very unorganized.  They should not have opened the new building without everything being in place.  Billing was a nightmare and 2 days later I am still trying to speak with someone who knows what they are doing. 	4	2	2	3	Insurance:Unknown
