dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	comments1-Dr. hankins was my boyfriend and my doctor for quite awhile.My boyfriend has serious issues and we both liked him alot I believe he is a great doctor and a great man.He spent time taking to you and made sure everything was understood..I miss him alot' Sherry Everett 507-514-3501 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
1	-1	commentsdoctor is rude, ignored a written message from me entirely. 	4	2	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	 After being very sick for 9 years &amp; seeing many doctors, Dr. Hankins was the only one who found out what was wrong with me.  He was very kind and knowledgeable and NEVER made me feel like he didn't care.  He never humiliated me (like other doctor's have).  I owe him so much!  I did have to wait to see him but that is because he does take the time necessary to take a patient's history and listen to what needs to be said.  	5	2	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	-1	 Very vague about results on scoping procedures.  After you go home, he has not made you feel that he has given you a full, complete picture.   Not satisfied with scope procedure, VERY painful! 	2	3	1	2	Insurance:HealthPartners
5	1	 Dr. Harris & his nursing staff are fantastic.  He doggedly pursued causes of and solutions to my infertility & pregnancy losses.  I have one wonderful son because of Dr. Harris' help.  He was always so supportive, understanding, knowledgeable, open to new ideas, and my cheerleader through two full term pregnancies.  I know I received world class care, monitoring and uncomparable compassion.  When we lost our daughter at full term, he was as devastated as we were yet he was there as our rock - so helpful, caring and concerned.  If there was any way he could have prevented her death, he would have.  I wholeheartedly and without reservation recommend Dr. Harris to anyone.  He's also a really funny guy, and a terrific general ob/gyn!  Before Dr. Harris, I used to dread gyn appointments, but somehow he makes them easy.  	5	1	5	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	commentsDr. Harrer is an outstanding oncologist who treats his patients with caring and respect.  I highly recommend him. 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	 Had Dr. Grant W. Harrer since l993 as my doctor in Great Falls, Montana. He is very efficient and knowledgeable.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	-1	 hand surgery in powell, wyoming.  carpal tunnel and metacarpal boss reduction.  Not warned of the instability and constant pain resulting from the boss.  It is not a commenly recommended surgery, I had no idea.  Seeing neurologist tomorrow and a different surgeon tues to see if we can fix it.  Does not want to hear about problems.   What is this about him getting kicked out of his office for drugs&#63; 	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	-1	commentsTHE WORST...I ACCIDENTLY GAVE HIM THE WRONG RATING BEFORE. 	1	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
12	0	commentsTHIS DR. MESSED MY BACK UP TERRIBLY. NOW I LIVE WITH THE PAIN DAILY. HE PUT IN METAL FIXTURES THAT WERE DESIGNATED FOR ELBOWS AND KNEES, NOT BACKS. HE WAS RUDE AND INSULTING. TOOK AWAY MY PAIN PILLS AND YET WAS KICKED OUT OF HIS OFFICE FOR TAKING THEM HIMSELF! HE PUT ME IN THERAPY THAT WAS WAY BEYOND MY ABILITIES AT THE TIME. I WAS CRIPPLED UP FROM THAT AND HAD TO QUIT THE THERAPY. AFTER REALIZING THE CARE I WAS GETTING FROM HIM WAS NOT BENEFICIAL TO MY HEALTH, I CHANGED DR.'S. HE DOES NOT CARE. I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND HIM TO ANYONE WHO NEEDS SURGERY OF ANY KIND. 	1	2	5	1	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	 The best place I have ever been to.   Dr Hager is amazing and Tammy his Secretary is wonderful! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	commentsAbsolutely the most honest and healing chiropractor I have ever visited.  THE BEST! Paid/Co-pay:$30	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	 He is very busy and therefore can only spend so much time on each patient, but he is very sweet and listens well.  	4	5	4	4	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
43	1	commentsDr. Haller performed a modified neck dissection for removal of cancer in my left tonsil, roof of my mouth and tongue 8 years ago.  He did a beautiful, and effective, job.  He is one of the best, if not the best, head and neck surgeons.  Excellent bed side manner.  Takes the time you need. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	 Wonderful Dr., Wonderful Surgeon, very helpful, very knowledgeable. Talks to you, not down to you. would recommend him to anyone needing an ENT.  Calls me to check on me, helps me manage my condition, and is extrememly caring!  2 thumbs up, cant say enough good things about him! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	0	commentsI came in with a minor problem that only required cream to heal which had been diagnosed by two other doctors before Dr Harrison. Without asking about any of my symptoms he recommended putting me under with IV anesthesia and doing a procedure that could best be described as a half colonoscopy. All I had was a minor tear in my backside from a bad bout of constipation! I'm under 30 and perfectly healthy in every other way, so I said that was unnessacery (as politely as possible while trying to figure out on what ground he was recomending such an extreme procedure for such a minor problem), and that all I needed was a prescription. At that, he got angry and went off with his voice raised. It was very strange... I've never had an experience like that with a doctor before. I will definately be finding another specialist, probably in Spokane :( Paid/Co-pay:$100	4	5	2	4	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	 Upbeat, enthusiastic and informative.  	5	3	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
45	1	commentsI am very satisfied with my surgury results. Dr.Harlan is very quiet and serious but is in a serious business. He answered all of my questions and was very helpful to me. I would not hesitate to go see him again and have recommended him to many woman. His office staff is wonderful and very knowledgeable. My surgury was nothing but a very positive experience for me! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	commentsI had a breast augmentation done a year and a half ago. Im very satisfied with my results. I agree that Dr harlans bedside manner could use some improvment.Id much rather have a dr that knew what he was doing then one that i wanted to be friends with. If your thinking of implants id deffinatly recomend him. Also the staff is wonderfull. Paid/Co-pay:$5000	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
45	-1	commentscosmetic procedure performed.  Had to get bad outcome revised and fixed by another doctor, costing 3x's more.  Horrible experience. 	1	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
45	0	commentsDidn't feel like I had the chance to ask questions or give better explanations of my wishes. Office staff was fantastic, however. The scarring from the procedure is no different than having a regular physician do it, which is what I will do next time. 		3	2	4	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	commentsNot much personality/bedside manor but work was adequate. Office help better at explainations. After care fair/ok--not super. Thought he was a little expensive but I'd request him if needed again. 		4	3	5	Insurance:Unknown
45	-1	commentsprocedure was done on wrong part of face. No after care provided. Had to go to specialist out of state for correction. Paid/Co-pay:$1		2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
45	-1	commentsBotox that did not work, and had to return twice. No discussion and felt rushed. Paid/Co-pay:$1000		2	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
49	-1	commentsDr. Hardy was a pleasant guy. His staff was terrible. They told me I was scheduled for surgery on Friday. Surgery was supposed to be on Tuesday. When I didn't receive my surgery packet on Monday I called the office. The unapologetic and apathetic Tiffany informed me that I hadn't called in time on Friday, therefore wasn't on the list. They told me they left a voicemail - they did not. So even if I had called to late to confirm I would think the proper procedure for a professional medical office would be to clearly convey to me that I had called to late, not tell me that I was scheduled for surgery. The women working there have not made any attempts to try to  make it right, and what's more - they have refused to have any accountability for their actions. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	commentsDr. Hardy has a great bedside manner as well as a top plastic surgeon.  i had a complication with an abdominoplasty adn he bent over backward to make sure it healed correctly and was very understanding of my meltdowns with pep talks. I had to have a follow up surgery adn I wasn't billed for anything--not even follow up visits.  great experience had.... Paid/Co-pay:$10000	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
49	0	commentsDr. Hardy was kind and knowledgeable.  However, follow up from his staff was non existant and ended up costing me the ability to have my surgery scheduled before my deductible year ended.  His office staff was alltogether unhelpful and uncaring.  Upon submitting a &quot;gee I wish you could have been more helpful&quot; letter I was promptly terminated as a patient.  It was a very disheartening experience for me. 	1	5	1	5	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	 Dr. Hardy is a really nice person and quite informative. I believe he is a fairly skilled surgeon but not the perfectionist I was hoping for. I would not return to his office or recommend him to others mostly because his office staff is rude and has very little communication. When your spending thousands of dollars you expect great things.  	2	5	3	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	1	commentsDr. Hardy corrected my sons cleft palate, and he did a wonderful job!  He was very informative, and put my mind at ease for my sons two surguries.  His staff was always helpful whenever I called and had a question, or had to schedule a surgery.  I would recommend Dr Hardy to any parent who had a child that needed facial reconstructive surgery. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	commentsThe best plastic surgeon in Montana.  He is an incredibly kind and caring physician.  Will recommend him to everyone I know. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
49	-1	commentsI went to see Dr. Hardy for a free consultation regarding a tummy tuck. He visited with me for about 5 minutes; said I would be a good candidate, then left. One month later I got a bill for over 100 dollars. 		3	2	1	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	commentsMost women who probably not feel comfortable meeting a doctor for the first time, and having to show him your **** and let him examine them, but he makes you feel very relaxed, and not so nervous. He also does a great job with the surgery, and scar reduction. Any women who is looking into getting a breast reduction should look up Dr.Stephen P. Hardey. Paid/Co-pay:$8000		3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	 I was impressed by Dr. Harper's professionalism and relaxed demeanor. He immediately put me at ease. My referring doctor had opted for a procedure that Dr. Harper did not feel necessary. Instead, he scheduled me for a follow-up in one year. He answered all my questions and offered more information about what would constitute a dangerous condition and what would not. Our meeting would be considered brief, and yet I feel very confident that I got good information and a sensible plan. On a personal level, I found him very likeable.  	3	3	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
56	1	 A talented surgeon that knows his medicine, is very professional and takes a real interest in his patients total well being.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
56	1	 Absolutely first rate.I am a 51 y/o male Nurse with many years experience as a surgical scrub Nurse. Although I never had the privilege of working with Dr. Harper, I was immediately reassured by his sense of self-assuredness and aire of confidence. This intuitively comforted me as I knew my care was in the hands of a highly skilled, experienced, and competent Physician/Surgeon. He is very patient centered and patient focused which very much alleviates the sense of anxiety, fear, and impending doom often felt by patients awaiting their procedure ( even if you are a Nurse and know what to expect ). He was very kind, empathetic, and comforting to my wife who is also a Nurse with 20 years experience. We were equally impressed with his demeanor. The results of my procedure were excellent. We were well informed and there were no suprises, just a very predictable course of recovery. I was also extremely satisfied with my after care. Again I repeat, absolutely first rate across the board.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Workers Comp
59	1	 Very good, intuitive doctor. Pays special attention to your needs and explains stuff very well to you.  She has never messed up a diagnosis with me, and always always is there for anything I need 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-CalPaid/Co-pay:$90
61	-1	commentsThis man was soooo rude! My 14 yr old daughter's wrist was injured, and we got right in to see Dr. Ham. I was so glad that we could get right in the very day I called. But things went downhill quickly. He asked my daughter what happened, and she told him she fell off the bed. He said he didn't believe her and that since she is 14 we will probably never know the truth. After diagnosing her, he said she should take 1 Advil 3 times per day. She's 14 and weighs 200 lbs. 3 Advils are hardly suffecient. I asked him for something stronger and he said he never gave narcodics to children and then as he walked out the door, said Nice Try Tho...I was floored!! Nice Try&#63;&#63; I can't even imagine what he was incenuating. I do not recommend this doctor to anyone! 	1	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	commentsDr. Harper and her staff stayed late last Friday night to see my husband who had a scratch on his eye from cutting wood.  They were all so nice and helpful and we couldn't have asked for better care, especially since John had not seen Dr. Harper or been in their office before.  Penelope Fedro 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	commentsIncredible doctor!  Very helpful to new parents, great listener! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	commentsLove her - takes her time and has great staff to help. 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	 Dr. Hall is fantastic! Both of my children love going to see her and she is great with them at every appointment. She takes the time to answer all my questions and always remembers us. I highly recommend Dr. Hall and have been very happy with the care she has provided to my children.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
66	-1	commentsThe worst bedside manner i have ever seen. I went in with a basal cell carcinoma that needed to be removed and then reconstructive surgery as it was on my eye lid. he very quickly went through what HE was GOING to do. He did not like my husband or my self asking questions, then said &quot;you seem unsure of what i have recommended&quot; I said &quot; excuse me but just Friday it was a little bump and now needs surgery to fix. His reply was &quot;well its cancer now!&quot; Very mean and if i would have gone alone i would have been in tears. He was going to go in and DO THE SURGERY HIMSELF AND EVERYTHING ELSE WE HAVE READ SAYS MOHS SURGERY THEN PLASTIC SURGEON TO CLOSE AND RECONSTRUCT. We left his office in amazement and did not trust a word the man said. i was worried we would get in there and he wouldn't have the time to close after he cut me as quick as he tried to get through the office visit! he would not even say he would try to minimize the pain for me he in turn said &quot;we wi 	4	4	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	commentsDr. Hansen doesn't make you feel like just a patient, he makes you feel like a person he cares about and wants to help. He takes the time to talk with and get to know his patients.  He is fairly young, so he doesn't know everything, but he will always go to the ends of the Earth to find the answers for you. I know that not everyone cares about this part, but I do. He is spiritual, so I think he prays for his patients which makes me feel secure. He delivered one of my babies and I felt safe. Obviously, I have a high opinion of him, so I strongly recommend him. 	5	4	5	4	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	 Dr. Hager is a very competent family doctor.  He is great with small kids to adults.  Always has time for you and does everything that has to be done for his patients.  Has a great personality and shows a lot of respect.   This is a doctor you can trust! 	3	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
95	1	commentsDr. Hardy has been my pediatric cardiologist for years, and he has always been great to my family and I. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
95	1	 Dr. Hardy has been caring for our son for several years.   He is a wonderfully caring man and we are thankful to have him! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
