dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	A wonderful doctor. Dr Rutherford  helped my mother avoid an unnecessary foot surgery with shoe modifications and a specialized rehabilitation plan. My mother is now out of the wheelchair and able to walk with a cane.  Her cardiologist also noted that her cardiovascular health has improved since then. Dr Rutherford is the only foot doctor for our family.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
1	1	Took away my pain and made my diabetic ulcers go away. He also made my nightime foot buring/ tigling go away without the use of drugs. Thank god, I'm no longer on neurontin! Dr Rutherford has been a godsend for me.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
1	1	An intelligent and caring doctor. Dr Rutherford found ways to cure my foot pain that did not require the surgeries and medications that the other doctors insisted on as my only options. Now that I can now walk and exercise, I have lost 97 pounds and no longer need my Diabetes Medication. Thank god for Dr Rutherford.  Mrs.  M 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
2	-1	I saw Dr. Rodriguez for severe lower back pain.  He talked to me with eyes closed entire time.  Said it was probably temporary, maybe pulled muscle--didn't think MRI was necessary.  Prescribed pain pills and physical therapy.  After continued excruciating pain and continued visits with his P.A., I saw a neurologist who ordered MRI within 24 hours, diagnosed severe herniated L-4, L-5 disks and I had surgery within 5 days.  Dr. Rodriguez is the worst doctor I have ever seen and didn't seem to care--talked at me, not with me.  I never went back to him and won't in future. Also...I need my doctor to make eye contact. 	5	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
2	-1	This doctor closes his eyes while speaking to you. I find this very odd behavior and would prefer being looked in the eyes. He was running late on my first appt and I wasn't even put in a regular room. He said he would absolutely &quot;cure&quot; my migraines. He didn't. In fact, my following appts were always with his asst and I felt like they really didn't care about me as a patient. They NEVER returned my phone calls to their office. I would NOT recommend him to anyone who has migraines.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	-1	I went to him for neck and lower back pain. He completely dismissed my complaints and told me to get a counselor.  Thanks to my internist who sent me to a pain specialist who gave me an X-ray & MRI. After being referred to a neurosurgeon, I was in surgery within 2 weeks due to a severely unstable neck. If I would have been in a minor car accident during the year gap without treatment, I could have been paralyzed. I believe he was extremely judgmental guessing it had to do with complaints about both my neck and lower back. Both areas were so bad that I ended up having surgery on both. Prior to seeing him, I didn't think that I had to justify and explain that the reason that both areas could be diseased  was that I was a national athlete during my youth. 	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
3	0	I ended up switching Dr's because of the poor staff service!  The front desk area is RUDE and IMPATIENT.  Dr. Randall was OK..I was handed a lot of papers and they way he spoke to me was like I was an idiot. I'm glad I switched to someone different.  	1	3	3	2 	Insurance:Aetna
3	-1	This practice is unwilling to do anything other than their own vaccine schedule. If you don't want to follow it then find a different practice. There is no discussion or education on their practices just fliers that they hand out that contradict themselves and what the nurses tell you.  	2	4	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
3	1	This doctor was the answer to our dreams, when our insurance was cut off, our daughters pediatrican no longer wanted to know her. This doctor stepped in, and made such a diference in the life of my baby. He sought out expert opinions of things he wasn't sure on, he sent my daughter to a urologist and correctly diagnosed my daughters problem. I will forever be greatful for his kind manor and his understanding when we weren't able to pay, he DOES care about his kids:) 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	-1	She is cold, unfeeling,doesn't listen,will throw you under a train to protect other doctors, even if they behave unethically or make mistakes, does unnecessary procedures. I had an accident in which I hurt my back, had bursitis in both hips, could barely walk or stand for months.  After being referred to her from the hospital, she refused to even look at my legs or back, I really needed x-rays, but she offers a colonoscopy and anti depressants for what felt like a broken back.  Very unapproachable 	5	5	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
5	-1	I saw Dr. Rhoades for a second opinion to possibly change physicians. She was extremely harsh and judgmental. Her report contained incorrect conclusions, which were based on what seemed to be an uncaring and vindictive heart. Since she did not know me, I don’t understand her harsh and critical attitude unless it has to do with her nature. 	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	. Listens well, speaks to your level, works with you for resolution 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
7	1	This is a brilliant doctor. Took the time to explain why he gave the treatment and what to expect from it.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	1	The best... 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	-1	Dr. Raiser operated on my mother.  At her post-op she complained of back pains and that she couldn't eat.  He released her.  Two weeks later she ended up in the E.R with blood clots and an infection.  She also complained repeatedly about problems with food getting stuck, he did not run any tests and dismissed her.  Thank heavens her primay physician took her seriously, ran the appropriate test and found a tumor.   YOU BE THE JUDGE.  	3	3	2	1 	Insurance:Aetna
9	-1	Don't let this man operate on you or a loved one ever.  	3	3	1	3 	Insurance:Medicare
10	1	I have been going to Kathy for about 4 years now and have never had any issues. She is very good at what she does, and is always willing to answer my qestions. I recently had heart problems, and she some how found what was wrong with me and after careful consultation, got me on a medicine regimen that has worked great. I am not sure if I would be okay today if it wasnt for her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	-1	This practitioner does not listen, she takes great offense if you speak up and she refuses to seek other doctors advice.when I went to her she did not listen to my problem, but tried to send me off with antibiotics with out helping me get a better diagnose, or send me to another doctor. In fact she took great offense when I asked for a second opinion.I believe she needs to be watched closer at the community health center, I am worried patients are not getting the care they need or deserve because she refuses to listen to the patient. 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	She is truly amazing. After struggling with continues bleeding for four years countless docs to figure out what was wrong one appointment and she had it pinned as pcos. We did surgery then fertility treatments and I am now happy healthy and 5.4 months pregnant with a beautiful baby girl. I can't thank her enough for how kind and caring she has been. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	Dr. Ross is the best doctor in the country.  She is caring and professional.  She has a great bedside manner and wants to do what's best for the patient.  She won't do surgery unless it's absolutely necessary (unlike some doctors who do surgery just to make more money).  The best thing about Dr. Ross---she listens!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	I am so grateful to have been referred to Dr. Rosen. After 16 docs, I was finally able to get an accurate diagnosis and am on my way to recovery. Dr. Rosen is a very kind, compassionate and knowledgeable doc.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
12	-1	Dr. Rosen shows little empathy.  During his divorce he aimed his anger at me. the entire time he was oogling at the nurse that accompanied me to my appointments. He lied about what treatments he would deliver.  Rosen is definetly a workers compensation doctor. I'm sure if you look at statistics for workers compensation he had lied and shown the employee as not as severe as actual  circumstances.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Workers Comp
12	1	 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	This physician is one of the finest plastic surgeons on the West Coast!!! I am a dermatologist who has watched him work for many years and endorse him without reservation!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	-1	I've been to this doctor twice in two years and I will not see him again, ever!  He is very rude and &quot;snobby&quot;.  I felt like I wasn't welcome to ask questions or comment on anything without being put down.  I mentioned that I still had a dark spot where he had removed a mole 1 year earlier &amp; he scoffed at me and said it's just pigment, you can't do anything about it.  Then while he was removing some moles on my back, he made degrading remarks about the tatoos on my back.  Aside from being treated like crap, he left large scars from my mole removal.  He cut out a lot of skin around each mole and left me with gaping holes in my skin, even a year later I have large divots.  I bleed through my bandaids and shirt later that day.  The scarring looks worse than the moles did, I shouldn't have let this guy touch me!  Not to mention, he charges about $300/mole to test them for cancer.  ANYTHING he takes off, even a simple red angioma, he sends to a lab &amp; charges you.  Good luck, hope this helps.  	3	3	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	Very pleased based on ten years service. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	-1	I cannot speak to this doctor's ability to treat his patients, but I can speak to the manner in which he treats teachers, students, and principals in our local school district.  Dr. Reeves was recently donating his time to a local school recently for vision screening.  I think it's admirable that he was donating his time.  But in the process, he acted very unprofessional towards students, teachers, and principals.  If you don't want to be there, Dr. Reeves, then please don't make the process more painful for other professionals, and especially children.  I'm disgusted with they way they were treated. 	3	3	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	What a great experience. He was wonderful with my children too (and they are pretty shy). He made helpfull suggestions and fit me in very comfortable contacts and some great glasses! And he had a very helpfull, nice staff. I would recommend him to everyone!! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	highly recommended.  He listens to his patients and that is so important to getting great care 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	Excellent doctor.  Good personality as well, very caring.  Educates his patients well and always has time for you.   Could not ask for a better dermatologist! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	1	I have a phobia of needles, and so this procedure was a huge step for me. There staff was AWESOME! So helpful and made me feel like everything would be okay. The doctor was nice, and was informative. The ladies in the room held my hand and was talking to me the whole time while they did the gas and the iv. I have attempted to get this surgery done before, and it was an awful experience..DO NOT go to bernedett wilson in whitefish! Impersonal, and hateful! She is absolutely awful! She made me feel horrible about myself for not being able to control my phobia, Dr. Ronald and staff i recommend 100%!!! Thank you so much for a comforting experience! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	Excellent! Seemed to really know what he was doing. I had six teeth surgically removed including two deeply impacted wisdom teeth. Recovery went very well, very little pain, no complications whatsoever! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	-1	All root cannals had to be redone. Enough said. Terrible. 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
19	-1	My family visited 6 years ago.  Dr. Roth was gruff and unfortunately rude. Out of the 6 mouths she filled cavities, 3 had reoccurring problems within the next year, which she took no responsibility for.  We were very dissatisfied with her dentistry and have found a new dentist since. 	3	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
19	-1	Terrible dentist, terrible experience. I've spent the last 6 months in pain due to her work- I still can't chew on the teeth she filled, my bite has shifted due to her excessive force and filling 5 teeth in one sitting. One of the teeth she filled was the WRONG TOOTH, ALL 5 TEETH NEED THE RESTORATIONS REPLACED, AND TWO TEETH NOW NEED ROOT CANALS AND CROWNS. The faulty work has been verified by FOUR other Missoula dentists and an endodontist. I have taken this up with the Montana Dental Association and the Montana Board of Dentistry. Dr. Roth has been extremely uncooperative and has unlawfully refused to release my records.  This is the worst dental experience I've ever had, and I know for a fact I am not the only one to suffer this way after seeing Dr. Roth. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	Dr. Rotar tries many different things before surgery, which is a very good idea.  But sometimes surgery is the best option and he still wants to try other options.  I am very pleased with his knowledge, skills, and manners.  	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
21	-1	Patient of his was having a heart attack in hospital. He would not go to the hospital to assess him and only gave a phone order for ativan for his severe chest pain. the next morning another doctor diagnosed him with a heart attack and sent him out for proper treatment. 	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	I have been taking my 3 children to Dr. Rencher for 5 years and have the utmost respect for his staff and himself.  My children now enjoy going to the dentist because of the fun atmosphere he and his staff have created. I have gone back with my children EVERY visit EXCEPT when my daughter was 2 and had to be sedated. Which, at that time it was clearly explained that he would give her a &quot;suprise poke&quot; and she became goofy. No, it wasn't a wonderful time watching my daughter cry... I cried, knowing it was my fault she was there in the first place but, she doesn't remember anything and loves to go back for each check up! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
22	1	I have been seeing Dr. Rencher for 6 years now and I really enjoy going to him! His office has such a friendly and welcoming atmosphere and he makes going to the dentist actually fun. I rarely ever see kids leave without a huge grin on their face!! I highly recommend taking your children to see Dr. Rencher for a fun for them, but professional and assuring visit for you!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	-1	Very uncomfortable with his giving shots through clothing. My son was very upset after the dental work was done. When we had some issues with the cap coming off, he did nothing to numb the area, but pulled the cap off in the exam room, with no regard for the pain my 6 year old felt, then tapped another on, again with no pain medication. It bled and was very painful. I am now going to another dentist who doesn't take the Healthy MT Kids dental, as I will not take my children back. His staff is kind and very personable. Would I recommend him to anyone&#63; NO.  	4	4	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	1	Dr. Rencher is one of the most helpful dentist I have every worked with.  He is very patient and kind.  An exceptional dentist.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
22	-1	We took our two year old daughter in to have 4 cavities filled. Before the procedure began we were in Dr. Rencher's office and he was going over the procedure with us. He said he was going to listen to her respirations. she was crying so he told her to give her daddy a hug while he listened to her lungs. While he was holding the stethoscope on her back she began to scream. Dr. Rencher had jabbed a needle through our little girls fleece coat and into her little arm without cleaning her arm, removing her coat or even telling us what he was about to do. When we told him we were concerned and very unhappy about the way he gave her the shot he said there was no scientific proof that supports alcohol swabbing to be effective,he always gives shots this way and we were the first parents to ever have a problem with it!When i asked to see the needle he was very reluctant and said it was fine.I wish I had read these reviews, we would have never taken her to Dr.  Rencher and we will never go back! 	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Delta Dental
22	1	Excellent care.  We drive 250+ miles round trip to see him and it is worth it! 	 7/5/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Delta Dental
22	-1	Used to take my children here.  Did not find the doctor to have any special skills above a regular dentist.  No special tricks to make seeing the actual dentist easier for children.  Sure, lots of games and fun in the waiting room, but not much to back him up in the actual chair that encouraged my child to cooperate.  Have found someone since that puts my child at ease. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
22	-1	Previously told us we could go into the room with my child. On the day of his procedure they said we could not.  Told us he would be wrapped in a warm blanket, instead they forced his arms in an awkward position into a pillow case &amp; strapped him tightly into a papose board.  He pulled ALL of his upper front teeth, 8 teeth in all.  Three have no cavities in them.    My child can't eat well or speak properly.  My child was vomiting large amounts of blood even though we were told he would not become ill.  When my spouse &amp; I tried talking with him he was very condescending &amp; rude.  He yelled at my child when he wanted to take the moniter off his finger.  He made a large gash on my sons lower gums due to some intrument they used &amp; we had to see our pediatrician to treat it.  He is a very rude person &amp; was not good with my child.  I would never go back to him.  	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	-1	hes really not a good dentist at all. he jab a needle into my daughters arm and bent the needle. while she was on the table she started chocking on the table and i tried too tell him but he said he had it under control. but i reached for her and he tried to push my hand awaybut i picked her up and walked out 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	I found my experience from start to finish most excellent.  Being in a stressful situation (I don't like doctors), the staff and Dr. Richards put me at ease and answered all of my questions.  I never felt rushed, from making the appointment, to the check in process, to my time with the doctor.  I didn't even get to sit in the waiting room and read the magazines.  I checked in, sat down for maybe 2 minutes and was escorted to an exam room.  Even there I waited maybe 1-2 minutes.  After my procedure, the doctor and staff called to check on me.  My billing questions were answered and dealt with appropriately.  Dr. Richards is an excellent surgeon, very compassionate and caring.  He never made me feel stupid, but gave me good information so I could make an informed decision.  I would trust him with my kids and my parents.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Assurant
23	1	I had surgery a number of years ago from him.  He was great.  He's really good with camera surgery, which meant I didn't have to have a huge incision.  I'd go back to him if I needed surgery. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	Dr. Rodriguez is very knowledgeable, caring and thorough in diagnosing and treating patients.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
25	1	Incredible knowledge, terrific diagnostic ability.  I wanted help not hand holding.  He solved my problem and called me personally to give me pathology results.  I would rate him 5-star.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	He found the problem and got me started me on a treatment. Two office visits.  Celiac 	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	0	He was not prepared for the initial visit (didn't have the details of cancer that had been removed) and then he got his freeze gun and hit the top of my head and in less than ten seconds of squirts costing $262 he was finished with me. He didn't do a complete job of checking the rest of my body for other cancers or pre-cancers. He came highly recommended by my mate, but I get the feeling that she received very different treatment. Yet her treatment was a routine check and my was after a cancer had been removed. You'd think that he would have given me at least as much attention as he gave her. Maybe he just gives females his own age great service.  	3	3	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	0	Very very expensive,  and in my opinion,  ripping off the system with his high fees.  	5	5	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	1	Dr. Rodgers is competent, helpful and efficient. She provides clear information and is direct. I have found her to have both a combination of years of experience and up to date knowledge of her field.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	1	Dr Rogers is absolutely wonderful. Her only concern is the well being of your child. Some times she comes accross a little strong but she is one of the few physcians who genuinely cares about your child. She is fantastic at giving me realistic advice. I love her. couldn't ask for anyone better.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
26	-1	Controlling beyond the authority of an on-call physician in the hospital setting immediately after 20 hours of labor for babies; rough with newborns--rude to mother.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
26	1	I adore Dr. Rodgers.  She has been my son's pediatrician since he was born just over 2 years ago and I can't imagine being happier with another doctor.  She was also the pediatrician for my two youngest sisters, who are adults now, but still love her.  She is wonderful with my son, puts him at ease, spends time answering questions from my husband and me, and offers useful information about children in a broader sense.  I have never had a problem getting an appointment, and have spoken on the phone to her nurse, who is very helpful.  I have recommended her to all my friends with kids.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	-1	We interviewed Dr. Rogers while we were pregnant and told her we had our own vaccination schedule that did not follow CDC guidelines. She said she was OK with that. Now--only 2 months later--she is not OK with it and has told us that because we aren't following the CDC guidelines she won't allow our child to get vaccinated at her clinic.  We are breastfeeding, yet the growth chart they use is published by Similac; the WHO came out with a breastfed growth chart more than 3 years ago but the clinic chooses instead to use the one published by a maker of infant formula that actually puts cane sugar in its organic formula.  Finally, she was concerned about our Amby bed because of it's hammock style. We told her it was JPMA certified--she had never heard of JPMA! It's the Juvenile Product Manufacturers Association--you know, the ones that certify all the car seats in the US!  Dr. Rogers simply regurgitates whatever the AAP tells her to say, without regard for her patient's needs or concerns.  	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	1	Dr Rogers is such an asset to our community. She is patient and kind and never rushes with her appts. We never have an issue getting an appt and feel the quality of care is exemplary. Her entire office echoes the standards set by Dr Rogers.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
26	1	Dr. Rogers and her entire staff are exceptional. She listens and answers questions with genuine concern and excellent knowledge. She is thorough without going overboard on unnecessary tests or procedures. She shows a great deal of respect for both the children and their parents, and makes parents feel that they are an important part of the process and medical decision making. I would highly recommend her! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	Ruhkala is the best dentist I've ever had! Nerve problems run in my family and so we've always had trouble with doctors not believing us when we say we can still feel things after the normal dosage. Ruhkala is always willing to give a high dosage, is patient with nervousness, and is always very polite! I wouldn't want anyone else working on my teeth. His staff is also very friendly and accommodating.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	1	I love Dr. Reid.  She has seen me for numerous things and also delivered my son.  She never makes me feel retarded for coming in.  I like her a lot and recommend her, especially for OB! 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	-1	i have custody of my nephew while my brother is in alaska because his ex fiance was drinking and driving with their baby in the car.  i took the baby to see her today because i was worried about him having fetal alcohol syndrome because she drank while she was pregnant with the baby.  she didn't just drink a little..she got **** a lot.  dr. reid acted like it wasn't a concern and she was more worried about the alcoholic mother who made her baby sick than she was worried about the baby.  i also told her that his ears bother him and she just shrugged that off as well.  she was treating me like i was the bad person and the mother was the victim.  she didn't listen to me at all and treated me like i didn't know what i was talking about. i just did not think that this was very proffesional and it was very offensive.  	1	5	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
28	1	Dr. Reid is one of those rare doctors that truly cares about her patients.   She is in the field for the right reasons and takes time to answer your questions and give you great advice! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	1	I had a general physical with Dr. Reid.  It was the best exam I have ever had.  She spent about 25 minutes with me and answered all my questions.  I have been to several Dr.s reguarding a specifis issue i have.  No other Dr. had been able to solve it... she did.  She was wonderful! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	Dr. Reis has been my doctor for quite some time. I have had many issues and Robyn his assistant is just fantastic too. He is a very busy doc so its kinda hard to get in to see him at times. but that's because he is good at what he does and cares about his patients. He makes every case personal and treats his patients like family. I have full confidence and trust in doctor Reis and his team. Signed Jay Stratemeyer.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Assurant
29	1	He took on a mess with my recent history, spent over an hour with me, really understood what had been going on, had a diagnostic plan, and best of all, made things happen fast with the labs, etc. Called immediately when he heard results, etc.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
29	1	Really like Dr. Reis. I have gotten some very good advice and information from him.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
29	-1	I saw this doctor for what I thought were minor stomach problems back in October of '08.  All Dr. Reis did was sit there and &quot;google&quot; my symptoms and then suggested we could try different medications to see which one worked.  Any doctor who has to &quot;google&quot; your symptoms is not a doctor to be going to.  I have never gone back.  	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Assurant
29	1	Very Nice and caring Doctor.  This Doctor is like Dr Welby on tv.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
30	-1	Jason Roan (charged with Felony Criminal Endangerment)is still practicing dentistry) He is (creepy) UNPROFESSIONAL!!! My daughter UDED to go there but after a few bad experiences and UNPROFESSIONALISM shown toward my CHILD, I got out of there! I also told anyone that asked about his dental practice that they should stay as far away from his practice as possible. Also, I know a teenage girl that went there and he was very UNPROFESSIONAL with her as well, alsmost soliciting a date from her.  Read more:http://helenair.com/news/article_28f6651c-a46a-11e0-... 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
31	-1	felt like i had been beat up emotionally and physically after leaving the office how is this person still treating people&#63; 	1	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
31	-1	Bad bedside manner!  Condescending, treated me like I was an idiot.  	4	3	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	-1	Impolite and unknowledgable about surgery complications and pain issues 		4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	Dr. Ruggerie is A+! He has been caring for our son for over 12 years. Even though our son is no longer &quot;pediatric&quot;, he continues to follow and treat his condition. If you need a good cardiologist for your child, look no further. 	4	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	Was verry helpfull. Listen to what I had to say. Listen to what I had concerns  about 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
33	-1	Very rude, short, stuck up. Will never go back.  	5	1	1	1 	Insurance:Humana
34	1	Called for an emergency procedure and only got charged for what needed to be done.  Very happy with the dentist and staff. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	-1	 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
35	-1	Most arrogant doctor i have ever seen, constantly talked over me, not once did he let me finish my sentence. He tried to make His poor record keeping/notes sound like it was MY fault 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	Fair Dr. overall. 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
36	-1	Doctor did not provide standard of care as reviewed by Montana  Medical Legal Panel 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
37	-1	VERY bad experience with both Dr Ryan and her PA.  	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	1	Dr Ravitz has a gentle bedside manner.  He is approachable, patient and has a way of speaking to you as an equal.  He knows his stuff and yet, I can also tell he's always learning.  That is what makes a great doctor superior and he is the best I've had.  he's been my doctor for 12 years or so.  I'm very happy with him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
39	1	Doctor Rauh delivered all 3 of my children; 1982, 1984 and 1994.  He was great and I'm thankful he was my doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	1	Dr. Rauh is very helpful and accommodating and takes the time to talk to you instead of rushing out the door. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
40	0	Dr. Rashid is, above all, sort of a creepy guy. He definitely made some comments while treating my ingrown toenail that made me uncomfortable, such as telling me he was going to leave his wife for me and saying, when he walked in the room and saw my mom and I, &quot;Two beautiful women&#63; They better not leave me in here with the door closed for very long.&quot; The only other staff is his wife who is the receptionist. She gave me the impression that she did not really understand how to handle insurance. Dr. Rashid also put me in a ridiculous amount of pain to remove the ingrown toenail and kept telling me to &quot;hush&quot; when I showed any sign of actually being in pain. In all fairness, he did get rid of the ingrown toenail, although it cost $250, which seems sort of expensive for the procedure. I would not see him again. I'm sure any podiatrist can cure an ingrown toenail without the creep factor or the intolerance of a patient in pain. 	1	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	Takes time to listen to your concerns.  Very Knowledgable.   Includes my spouse as part of &quot;the team&quot;  Wouldn't go to anyone! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
41	1	After several very bad experiences with neorologists Dr.Ried is by far one of the best of 3 physicians who has ever cared for me,and,the finest neorologist I have ever had. I trust her and recomend her highly.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
41	1	DR REID HAS HELPED MY 10 YEAR OLD WITH HER MIGRAINES WHEN ANOTHER DR IN MISSOULA TOLD ME SHE WAS TO YOUNG TO HAVE MIGRAINES AND THERE WAS NOTHING HE COULD DO TO HELP HER.DR REID HAS BEEN VERY PROACTIVE IN FINDING A WAY TO DEAL WITH MY CHILDS MIGRAINES SHE WENT FROM 22 IN 3 MONTHS TO ONLY 1 THIS MONTH THANK YOU DR REID.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
41	1	very helpful concerned and full of accurate info for me and my my family in a scary situation, thanks dr and mstaff!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	I can't say enough good about Dr. Rabinowitz and his staff.  I struggled for several years and searched for an answer to my problem before coming here.  Dr. Rabinowitz was willing to try something fairly new with me, and my health has improved drastically.  His demeanor helped me to relax, and I very much appreciate the respect he shows his patients, their family members, and his staff.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	-1	I can not truthfuly comment in detail without becoming libelous, it was the doctor and staffs actions that lead to this rating, not mine.  	2	1	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	-1	he did not help me at all. took two months for appt. and a referral to ortho doc. two weeks, still can not walk. the entire stall is rude.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
