dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	a doctor that listens to you and actually cares. she will do the best she can for you. she has a wonderful bunch of ladies that work with her that are just as wonderful 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	my son has been a patient of Dr. Gottman for 8 years. The first three years of my son's life was spent at Dr. Gottman's office once a week. He had three surgeries, two bouts of phneumonia, 15 ear infections all before he was three! Dr. Gottman is compasionate, understanding and works very hard to ensure your understanding of the issue and lets you lead the way to the 'cure' for over all decision making and is open to hear your opion and concerns. I highly recommend Dr. Gottman AND his staff! The entire crew at their office is fantastic! 	4	5	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
2	-1	Dr. Gottman was the on-call pediatrician when my wife was in labor. All of the staff attending to us knew that my wife had had Hepatitus B years ago and had completely cleared the disease. Two separate tests, years apart, established that she was not a chronic carrier of the Hepatitus B virus. But Dr. Gottman came in, just minutes before my wife was going to be wheeled in for an unplanned C-section, and told us that there was a 15% chance that the tests were wrong and that she actually did carry the virus. It scared us to death. I questioned him about it because we had done a LOT of research about this. He dismissed us--he was certain he was right. Well, he was flat-out WRONG. We visited the infectious disease expert and he assured us that there was zero chance of my wife passing Hep B to our child. Dr. Gottman's arrogance caused us a tremendous amount of grief--all of which was unnecessary if he had simply asked the expert (who was in the next building!) before assuming he was one. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	Was able to diagnose the problem specifically based on a stress test! Caring and helpful..got my father-in-law the immediate care he needed. Highly recommend!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	Haven't had appointment yet.  Going 1/8/09 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:AARP
4	1	Very helpful and friendly, much like the old school doctors who really care about their patients!  would Highly recommend 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	Wonderful doctor, takes the time to go over any and all questions and concerns, is one of the only ones that truly cares about the whole patient. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	This Doctor made me feel comfortable as a patient. She was very professional, and concerned about my well being. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	Dr. Gerbasi was wonderfull with our prenatal care and pediatric care of our kids.  He was well informed and a joy to visit.  Our entire family benefitted from his care of us! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	I love This doctor he is the best! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	Dr Griemann was so sympathic and empathic to our needs. Whatever she makes pay her more.. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	Dr. Gallo is wonderful. She was very respectful of my wishes as a patient and as a mother of a patient. She takes the time to talk to the kids before just swooping in and invading their space.  Don't really like the nurse though. She's quite rude.  	2	3	5	4 	Insurance:Aetna
8	1	 	1	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	Dr. Goodman is compassionate as well as knowledgeable. He is always willing to patiently address all of my questions as well as to discuss, evaluate, and encourage my search for dietary and supplemental additions to enhance my health and my survival opportunities. I have found Dr. Goodman to be very accessible both in-office and out. He often goes out of his way to insure that I have the knowledge I need about treatments, often researching and passing along information that aids me in the decision making process. Dr. Goodman's office is very organized and filled with friendly staff and nurses, so that I have never felt that I was lost in the cracks. As a team, they have gone out of their way to make it possible for me to continue treatment and monitoring at times when I was in financial straits. Overall, Dr. Goodman is the kind of doctor that not only does a professional job, but also genuinely cares about his patients.  He is trustworthy on all doctor-to-patient levels 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	-1	Dr. Gomersall, should not be trusted. I am unsure what it is she is looking for, but she is lazy and appears to be on the lookout for a better gig. Overall, I was very disappointed by her medical service.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	-1	 	2	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	Dr. Gunville is both of my kids pediatrician. I chose him because he was the pediatrician on call when I had my son 3 years ago. He is always very polite and calming. He talks to the kids where a lot of doctors I have been to act like the kids aren't even there His walls have different animals and so forth on the walls and he always takes the time to stop and point some new interesting picture to my son. My daughter is too little yet but I'm sure he will treat her the same way.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
11	1	He was my pediadritian when I was younger so I chose him for my children. He is very old school and does not like to prescribe medicine unless absoulutley necessary. This is both good and bad because he writes off a lot of stuff to just being a kid. My daughter was cholicy and had acid reflux as a baby. I brought her in several time because of her projectile vommiting, but he just kept telling my that babies ****that's what they do. Eventually, I took her to a different doctor who put her on Xantax and switched her formula. WOW toatally different kid after that. On the other hand, my kids have never had croup, bronchitis, pnuemonia, or any other severe illness and I think that has a lot to do with the fact that they have not been exposed to so many different medications. If you want old school tell you how it is, then choose Dr.Gunville. He is a VERY kind and caring man. By the way he does specialize in childhood diabetes.  	5	5	3	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	-1	She made a diagnosis without listening to the medical issues I was having. She was also incredibly rude, I left the office crying. One of the worst doctors I have ever seen. 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	Compassionate...answered all questions...took all the time I needed.  	5	4	5	4 	Insurance:Coventry
12	0	ver5y rude 	2	4	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	laproscopic appendectomy done in 2008.  No post op complications, and no hassel with insurance claim from Canada.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	1	Excellent bedside manner and very caring.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	Helpful and caring staff, thorough and knowledgeable doctor. Excellent with small children as well as elderly patients.  Available more time than most clinics.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
15	1	Great bedside manner. Very friendly. Had a minor issue with paperwork that was eventually solved. 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	very professional and easy to talk with excellent service 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	-1	I tried for five months to make an appointment with this doctor. The staff told me they wanted records from my former doctors and every time I called they either said they had not recieved them or needed something else. Finally they made me an appointment for three months from now. Don't know if he is good or bad as a doctor, but think I should have been told they did not want to give me an appointment and the reason before all that time pased.  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
18	1	VERY HELPFUL, KNOWLEDGEABLE, AND VERY CARING ABOUT HIS PATIENTS. HE TAKES TIME TO LISTEN TO HIS PT'S AND TRY HIS BEST TO HELP AS MUCH AS HE CAN 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	-1	. Spends too much time on computer and not enough time with patient 	2	3	2	2 	Insurance:Humana
20	1	Joan is great. She has helped me with a serious medical issue. I do not believe I could have received the same care from another psychiatrist.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	-1	I agree with the first person. I did not get much help; we did not explore my issues, just very general talk and writing scripts.  	5	5	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	-1	She is not someone I would recommend to solve important personal problems. Poor bed side manner, felt that I did not matter, write the script for meds, out the door. Find someone else to diagnose your mental health problems 	3	4	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
21	-1	does not know much about severe chronic pain. siad he is a MRSA expert. That's funny. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	Good doc. Knows his stuff. Lawyers wont take peoples rediculous claims because their wrong. DUH 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	-1	doctors assistant didn't treat broken arm correctly.  Doctor came in room for 15 seconds.  Broken arm displaced one week later causing permanent damage to wrist.  No attorney in area will take my case because the doctor seems to be friends with them.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	Wonderful Dr.. Had 2 procedures, both in office certified operating room, no problems at all, I was scared and Dr called me at home to check on me, wow wow wow... I recommend for breast reduction and tummy tuck 100 % 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	Dr. Garver and his staff has been with us since our sons birth, 6 yrs ago!  I love how he doesn't get worked up.  He has always been great with our son and Darcy is Awesome with the kids also!  We are thankful we have Dr. Garver as our Pediatrician! 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
25	-1	He and his staff is extreamly rude. His diagnosis skills are not up to par.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	Dr G is always so caring and informative. He never treats you like your concerns are unfounded and takes great care of his little patients. I would not take my son anywhere else.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
25	-1	Doctor Garver is not a helpful doctor; I took my daughter in for a fever and came out that I was breastfeeding wrong.  He never even checked why she was having fevers 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
25	1	I saw Dr.Garver my whole life,then, when I had my son his was the first and only doctor I wanted my son to see.He has always made me feel so comfortable and he is such a great doctor. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	We have used Dr. Garver for the past year and a half for both of our children. We've been completely satisfied. I've never had a problem making appointments. The nurses are great and he also has a wonderful nurse practitioner.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	He is very knowledgeable. He's very caring. He's a great child advocate. He wears jeans and cowboy boots. But, it is Montana (in speaking to the unprofessional comment). He's a very good pediatrician.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	. my son was life flighted to gt falls and dr garver was on call and saved my sons life i think he is an awesome dr 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
25	-1	Very non-professional and not very gentle with my son. Kinda creepy.  	4	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	1	I owe the man my life. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
27	0	Was referred to Dr. Gregory as I had no doctor.  The appointment was on time, DR and nurse we both very nice and made me feel good.  Had to follow up each week for 4 weeks and this went well, then was asked to follow up in 1 month.  Now I cant get anyone to return my calls.  I have called 3 times and no one returns my calls.   I am done 	3	5	2	3 	Insurance:Humana
27	-1	I was in my appt for 7 minutes, I was trying to tell him why I needed to see him. He wouldn't even listen to me- just said you can come back next month, which is what he had told me the previous month.  I was very frustrated and I will not be going back.  	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	1	I love this dr, and the staff is very helpful. I never wait long in the lobby or in the exam rooms.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
27	1	. great at answering questions, easy to get appointments, doesn't rush duing the appoinments 	4	5	4	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
27	1	I liked Dr. Gregory. He listened to my request, and explained things so that I understood why he was prescribing or administering things. His PA was also VERY helpful when I saw her. This office has been able to schedule my appointments quickly and accurately. Everyone is helpful and they have listened to my descriptions of symptoms without rushing me and interrupting.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
27	-1	 	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	I've been going to Scott Green for over 20 years.  I came from a big city with great medical facilities and was so pleased to find such a competent, reliable dentist in the Missoula area. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	-1	In 2001 Dr. Green decided to try realigning my teeth. I had my braces taken off early when I was a kid, but hadn't had any problems with my bite. Dr. Green decided he could do a better job and screwed up my bite so badly he threw my jaw out of alignment. Wouldn't admit he did anything wrong and even went so far as to call the next dentist I had my records sent to. Told him (Dr. Snively) I was making up my pain. I never could afford a specialist to prove he did anything wrong. Have had some help from good dentists to salvage his mess, but I live in severe pain. Ended up on disability. Do NOT see this man. He had to have known he shouldn't have been trying to realign a 30 year olds bite. He's sick. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	I felt better about my reason for seeing Dr. Garnaas.  He was so helpful and listened to all of my concerns..  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	1	I cannot say enough positive things about dr. Garnaas. His knowledge, expertise, gentle bedside manner and his willingness to hear what I had to say made me feel safe and cared for when facing surgery and during f/u.  I consider him to be an excellent physician and absolutely recommend him without hesitation or reservation.   His staff are friendly, courteous and helpful, his office pleasant and clean.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
29	1	Amazing! Personable, sincere, extremely intelligent and clear spoken. Dr. Garnaas is one of the best doctors I have had. His confidence, flexibility and positive attitude enabled me to have a positive attitude in the face of major surgery.  I give him and his friendly staff my highest recommendation! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
29	1	Dr Garnaas and his staff are awesome!  He takes a genuine interest in you and your growing family.  As a single person who wanted children he was very supportive, informative and honest about how the process would be.  He was always checking my needs to make sure I had the adequate support to bring two children into the world and be a good Mom to them.  I'm done having children but continue to see Dr Garnaas as my GYN and know that he listens and is sincere in his care for his patients. I will continue to recommend him to friends and family as I have already had friends and family seek his services. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	He is amazing.  We had a misscarriage - he not only was compassionate, but was caring, and honest.  We are now pregnant again, and I can't wait to keep seeing him.  After going through something like we did with him, I would not want to go to anyone else. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	I went to him while I was a gestational surrogate and he and his staff were wonderful and supportive through the entire process. I highly recommend him.  		3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	-1	My wife is seeing Dr. Garnaas for infertility treatments and we are extremely frustrated. We are spending thousands of our own money on the medications and no one in his office is communicating with each other or seems to have a clue what is going on. We never see the doctor, just his nurse practioner when she's available (which isn't often). We don't get the sense that anyone we're seeing is very knowledgable and feel like we are just wasting our money. The last time we tried this, we went to a fertility clinic in a metropolitan area. The doctor was the one giving the ultrasounds, so you saw a physician everytime you went in. Everyone knew what was going on, and everything was coordinated. After this treatment cycle, I don't think we'll be using Dr. Garnass again.  		3	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
29	1	I have had 3 children delivered by Dr. Garnaas and would refer him to anyone. I LOVE HIM as a doctor. We almost lost my first son and I feel by Dr. Garnaas fast actions he saved his life. I live 3 hours away from Missoula and chose to make the drive to have my last two children delivered by him because I trusted him and my unborn children to his care. He is the most compassionate and caring doctor I have ever had.  Franki 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	1	I have just had my first appointment with Dr. Garnaas. I found him to be very helpful, knowledgeable, compassionate and personable. Given the other posting here, I felt I should speak up...and I will continue to give my input as I continue to see him. I feel badly for the other woman who had a bad experience. I have a feeling mine will be much more positive, but only time will tell. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	-1	He was rude, insensitive, and could care less about his patients. He misdiagnosed me, and then refused to admit his mistake even when I showed him proof from another doctor. He also gave my friend an infection when she was giving childbirth that put her in the hospital for a week. And he told her he couldn't figure out what was wrong with her, so they would just put her on a lot of antibiotics and hope for the best. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
30	-1	My experience w/ Janice Givler: I felt very rushed and unimportant! This woman is quite abrasive and does not have that warm or compassionate nature about her. Many women &amp; friends of mine in our community think she is just plain rude.  	3	3	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
30	1	At 36 and 37 week appointments I waited over an hour to have a 10 minute  appointment. Sitting in the waiting room as I type this Livid! 	3	1	2	5 	Insurance:Unknown
30	-1	Dr. Givler has an INSANELY high C-section rate. Her bedside manner is horrendous. She is afraid of the birth process.  AVOID HER! 	3	3	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	1	I went to Dr Gillis for a big vaginal cyst removal. Although this is not a severe pathology, it was terribly bothering me, and preventing any intimacy. Dr Gillis was very gentle during the physical examination, very reassuring, and she managed to make me feel at ease. She was unable to remove the cyst in the office due to its big size and its high location, so she had that done in the OR. She gave very useful explanations about the procedure, what she removed, what to expect and so on. The post-op follow-up was very good, she always managed to see me between two patients to remove the gauze, check the stitches, etc. She was easily reachable for any question or problem. Today I don't have anymore this weird feeling of fullness, and my marital life is back on tracks, thanks to her. I will definitely come back to her for any gynecological problem, and of course I would recommend her for my friend and family. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	This is the best Urologist I have ever seen.  Took his time with me, was very concerned and I feel saved my life.  Treated me as a human being.  I thank god for people like him.  It makes me sick the hospital and the Great Falls Clinic is running him out of town. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	ALL I CAN SAY, IS THIS DOCTOR IS BEAUTIFUL. SHE CARES.  	 7/3/08	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
