dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
6	-1	commentsvery pompous , rude unprofessional, misenthropic 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	commentsGreat Doctor, Very knowledgeable hard working and caring. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
17	-1	commentsHe spent 10 minutes with me, asked one question and stood up and said, &quot;I can't help you, but thanks for coming.&quot; I drove 90 miles.  I can think of a zillion questions I would've asked as a dr.  Would not EVER recommend this guy. 	5	1	1	3	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	 Dr. Fischer was my third GI doc and by far the BEST! He's very down to earth, doesn't seem to think he's God, and gives very honest answers. He's very patient, listens, and is good about answering questions. He seems hesitant to look at your &quot;bottom&quot; unless he has to which is a relief after my first doc who seemed to want to shove everything up there. When I first saw him he immediately suspected I'd been misdiagnosed (which I had), moved me through bloodwork and a colonoscopy right away. He put me on Humira and I feel like I got my life back. He's referred me to specialists for other things. He's helped me so much.  He's a great doctor! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	 Pleasant, answers questions completely and frankly, acts like he cares about the patient.  EGD with Dr. Fischer was second in one week.  Unlike the first EGD by different gastroenterologist in same group, no throat abrasions or other complications.  	4	4	4	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	-1	 Dr. forney is the worst Dr. that i have EVER encountered. DO NOT TRUST HER JUDGEMENT,she almost cost me my life with no compassion,she does not deserve a license to practice medicine Thank God that I've retained a lawyer to sue her for malpractice,mind you not for money only,but to show her that you can not treat people in a manner as she does,I truely hope that no one goes through what she put me through EVER again 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Medicare
27	1	commentsDr. Francis is competent, efficient, and cheerful. It's never really enjoyable to be in the patient's chair, but Dr. Francis and his excellent staff make the experience less painful, less anxiety-producing, and relaxing. You know that you are in good hands when being Dr. Francis' patient. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	commentsGreat office and very enthusiastic young dentist that cares about his quality of work 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
30	-1	commentsVery offensive, unprofessional, confrontational. Extremley unpleasant. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	.  Spent an unusually long period of time with me answering all my questions 	4	3	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
57	1	commentsExcellent Doctor! Very friendly and caring! Takes the time to listen to you which is hard to find anymore!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	commentsDr. Forseth is a wonderful, caring OB who took the amazinng care of me and was very attentive to every aspect of my high-risk case. I wish more doctors were like him. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	commentsBoth my girls loved her and she was so knowledgeable of a wide variety of skin issues.  Very professional, extremely timely, (don't be late--she runs on time!) She is our new adopted dermatologist! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	 Thorough and very helpful.  Friendly, yet professional.  I recommended my daughter go to see her also.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
63	1	commentsDr. Foster is a fairly new Dr. but she is awesome!  I have a very rare skin disorder and I was seeing another dr. who no longer is seeing patients for non cancerous things.  Dr. Foster was knowledgeable and even helped me find more relief than I had previously.  She takes her time with you is caring and you can get in to see her faster.  Love her! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
77	-1	commentsFailed to do the proper thing. Like get samples of blood and pus to send into the VA LAB at Ft. Harrison,Mt. to see wshat kind of infedtion I had. When I went to him my lower right leg was swelled up very large and the big blisters along the side of my leg  had broken open with blood and pus ozzingout of them. By not doing the proper thing and so much time went by I had to be taken by ambluance to ther St. Vincent Hospital in Billings,Mt. Whdere I was admitted like right now. Bottom line for ocver a year I was in bed and as the hospital dischArge papers (After 11 long days) said Cellulitis/MRSA. So now I will have MRSA (Carrier) the fresat of my life all because of Dr. Falley did not know adamn thing. Like what to do. But VA doctors are like that 	3	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
79	-1	 not only does this doctor not listen but she refuses to help patients when she assumes shes right and the patient is wrong, she wouldn't listen to symptoms or problems. she caused me to have to go to the emergency room twice because she wouldn't listen and take care of heart problems, and overheating, I almost died because of her incompetence.       The Community Physicians group has a $9 copay when other physicians charge a $4 for the same copay when your on a limited Disability income and they expect you to see them 4 times + per month it adds up fast 	3	1	1	2	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
80	1	 Dr. Forseth has always taken great care.  She does my paps, blood work, was the one I first saw regarding the lump I detected on breast cancer.  She is very professional and caring.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
86	1	 I drove from Great Falls to see Dr. Fleischmann for insurance reasons and I also checked out the doctor ratings and he was quite a bit higher then anyone else in my area.  His staff was very helpful and nice.  I had never been put to sleep for anything so I was nervous!  He told me that I might feel the IV and that I might not, I hardly did.  I remember being all giggles with the meds and that was it...I woke up laughing too.  My husband got a kick out of me :S.  I have never had any problems with my implant and totally got a kick out of seeing him again for my follow up.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Tricare
86	1	 The staff was nice and so was the place.I really thought it was going to be a big deal he was right and I slept through it.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$1400
86	1	commentsVery smart and caring doctor!The staff are also very helpful and I had a great experience. Paid/Co-pay:$800	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
86	-1	commentsDoctor was completely un-prepared for an extensive oral surgery involving multiple tooth removal and tumor biopsy. Did not even arrange for anesthesia needed for these procedures. When asked for adjustment on the bill when procedures could not be completed the bill was adjusted with some procedures being doubled in price (had already paid our portion in full in cash)from the original billing only an hour prior and still there was a remaining overpayment that this doctor has refused to refund after numerous phone calls to his office. It has been three months and it is obvious this office has no intention of paying the excess money received. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
87	-1	 I saw this doctor for a second opinion after another doctor told me that I needed to have a revision of my knee replacement. He told me his opinion was that I did not need to have the revision done. When I asked him what I should as I was in contant pain, he refused to say anything other than that he had given me his second opinion. I had to see a third doctor to get a remedy for the pain I was in.  	5	5	1	3	Insurance:Medicare
95	1	 Very nice and thorough.  She really listened to me and made me feel comfortable.  	4	5	4	4	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
98	1	 I am so surprised to see the poor rating for this doctor on this site. My experience with her was quite the opposite. I found her to be one of the most caring and sympathetic doctors I have ever seen. I've only had one experience with her, so I don't know her total track record, but I will never forget how she treated me because it was the nicest experience I had with a doctor in a long time. If she ever moves to a regular family practice clinic, I will definitely consider becoming her regular patient.  	3	3	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
98	-1	 She was very rude, judgemental, and could not diagnose me accurately. Assumed i still smoked, assumed i don't exercise, and assumed i don't eat right.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
