dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	Dr. Lieber helped me so much with my back pain that I sent my husband to him for reflux and hypertension.  We were both nervous about needles, but the doc is very gentle and it didnt hurt a bit.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	1	He and his staff were wonderful. I'd had ongoing issues with RA and menopause.  My primary MD had given me a medication I've been able to go off of AND my bp is lower.  I can't sing his praises enough.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	1	genuinely cares about her patients 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	he is wonderful, really cares.. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	DR.Lechner is one of the kindest and compassionate people I have ever met.  He always has the time for me and truly listens to what I have to say. His credentials combined with his personality combine to make up a very rare individual.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	Best family doctor I have ever had 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	Dr. Kendra is a knowledgeable, caring and thorough professional, who listens to the patient and follows up, to the benefit of the patient.  She was my MD in Spokane and I am grateful for her diagnoses and treatment.....  I truly miss her great care and concern! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
7	1	he is a wonderful Dr., very compationate, caring, and there when you need him. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	dr Lindley is very good! Except for getting back to you about very important blood test/biopsy reports..  I have never got a report back promptly!! 	2	3	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
8	1	I love Dr. Lindley.  The amount of time he took watching my daughter during a simple well check and his observations based on that were wonderful.  He always takes the time to talk with me, listen to my concerns regarding my children, and either alleviate said concerns or follow up regarding them.  He takes more time than any doctor we have seen.  I have complete confidence in his care of my children, and will continue to bring my children there for care. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	Absolutely the best!  I would recommend him to anyone and have.  He listens and tries to get at the root cause rather than just medicating the symptoms.  Even though he sees a lot of patients and has a very busy schedule I got the feeling that he had all the time in the world to spend with me.  I sent my aunt to him too and she feels the same way about Dr. Lindley.   The BEST 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	1	Dr Lindley is the most amazing Dr. I have ever known. He delivered my daughter in 2007 and has been our family Dr. since. He takes time if you need him to listen, he is REAL. I would recommend this man to anyone. He is truly a God send. Some Dr.'s are only medically gifted..this man is a all around gifted, loving man. We wouldnt trade him for anyone!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	Dr. Lindley is by far the best Dr. I have had my daughter to. He genuinely cares about how she is doing. He always takes the time to talk to her about what is going on, explains everything in detail and never acts like he is rushed to get on with the next patient. In fact, he acts like we are the only people he has to see that day. I highly recommend him to anyone who is looking for a caring, concerned Dr. who treats people as he would want to be treated. He is the best.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	1	Dr. Lindley is definitely the best Dr. I have ever been to. He is very good at listening and explaining. He really cares about his patients. I'm sad that he will not be the one to deliver my kids. I wish he would decide to deliver again. He is wonderful! I suggest him to anyone seeking a Dr.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	1	Dr. Lindley is great!  He is so knowledgable and really listens to what you have to say.  His nurse is so sweet too! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	He is amazing always takes the time to listen to his patients! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	0	I will not be returning to Jeff Lindley's office. I waited in the waiting room for about 45 minutes, then when I was roomed, I stayed in the room for about an hour before Dr. Lindley could see me. When he did see me finally, he basically dismissed everything I had to say as if I didn't know what was going on with my body. He did not help me at all. A year later I had a chance to review my medical record and was astonished by some of things he had written in my record.  I would not recommend him to anyone! 		1	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	Ten years ago I went through a horrific loss at 8 1/2 months. Dr. Lavin was the best doctor I could have asked for during this difficult time. Despite having at least 200 other pregnant women at the time he always made time to check on me through the 3 day labor..and throughout the pregnancy his office staff was readily available to assist me with questions and help me get into an earlier appointment. He has an amazing ability to remember you and your family and is an incredibly caring and compassionate doctor.  I wish I didn't live 2 hours away now because I would choose him for my doctor for this pregnancy too! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	Fantastic, compassionate OB. Highly recommend! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	Doc LaPorte is awesome. He was Bolling Green team doctor. He's treated both my kids, and they recovered 100% from ACL surgery and numerous broken bones.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	1	Great surgeon, repaired my achilles.  And followed up with a personal phone call to my home while I was recovering!  Five Stars! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	I went to Dr. Michael A. Healy after an MVA and had cervical spine fusion surgery.  I found him to be able to anticipate my questions and that he was very much in touch with my feelings about my health care.  He was compassionate and caring and allowed me to use my professional skills in my recovery so as to decrease my health care costs.  I found him charming and very concerned and honest about my prognosis with regard to my medical condition.  I will go back to see him for a chronic problem because I trust his clinical judgement and his surgical skills far exceed those of most surgeons that have been in the business for 30 years! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	Seems to be very knowledgeable.  Spent time as team doctor for Bowling Green University.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
11	1	I wish my new insurance would allow this doctor to be covered, my experience here was great!!  I reccomend him to anyone regardless that he is a hunter, to which has nothing to do with dentistry or his ability to perform..... 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	-1	 	5	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	Caring individual who listens to my concerns.  Doesn't try to run up my bill with unneeded tests. 	4	4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
12	-1	I felt like just another number which was barely tolerable during the office visit 	3	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	Really seems to care about his patients welfare.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	-1	Doctor told me my asthmas symtoms were in my head and wanted to prescribe antidepressents. Said there was no way to test for asthma. I have since been diagnosed with asthma and put on appropriate therepy.  	5	5	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	-1	Dr. more concerned with Clinic vs Hospital problems than exploring patient's health problems. Not at all aggressive in approach to medical solutions. 		3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	Clete has been adjusting me for 20 years and has helped me to take care of my back and body.  Clete is a one of a kind he has shown me exercises to help with flexability and strength.. Highly recommend him.  thanks Clete, Brad Meuli 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	Very helpful.  I went when I was in very bad shape.  Started feeling improvement the next day. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	Dr. Lori is a very caring professional who made me feel at ease with her immediately. Although my visits over the years have been few - She has followed up with me to see how I was doing and has called in my prescription even when she was out of town on vacation! Dr. Lori is very attentive, and listens to what I have to say - she treated me more like a friend or relative than a patient. She is an exceptional doctor and I wish that there were more like her. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	Young, well educated, fast and finished....very attentive and engaged.  Good experience. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	We have had numerous visits in the last 6 months with Dr. Laine in regards to our 2 year old daughter and 3 mo. old son.  He has never rushed us, visits at length about development and keeping kiddos healthy.  Has a helpful guide book to keep at home.  Big supporter of breast-feeding.  He answers the phone himself 50% of the time I call with questions- and encourages calling to talk to him!  He circumcised our son in the hospital, which was awesome.  He called us on a Monday morning to see how the weekend went after a different doc took call for him.  He wanted to know from us, not just the on-call doc how things were.  I really appreciate his availability and openess to being our guide.   So glad he's with us and hope he doesn't retire anytime soon! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	-1	This was my pediatrician when I was little and he is a very mean, cold person. His suggestions were generally unhelpful. He may be the source of my Post traumatic stress disorder.  	2	2	1	3 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
18	-1	Not at all what i expected. He wasnt polite or careing. I wasnt happy with the results. But he is good with trying to find the right medication. sorry but would not recomend him.  	5	2	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	1	Dr. Lindsay is great.  He is my doctor as well as my son's- he is kind and will spend as much time as he needs with you.  I have referred him to many people who are all extremely happy with him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	Dr. Lindsay is fantastic. I am 45, and have had a Dr. of Neurology in my life from the age of 9. I have epilepsy,  Dr. Lindsay is by far the most easy going Dr. I have ever delt with. In these 35+ years of these type of Drs. Lindsay would qualify as the smartest. He always remembers what is going on in my life. When I have not had a appointment but needed to speak with him. He will always call me back. &quot;Tell me what is going on&quot;&#63;  The Dr. will always listen to my thoughts and my concerns.  I feel that we are working more as a team, rather than a overbearing parent telling a 3year old what to do. If you or a loved one need a Dr. of Neurology, This is the man too see. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	I was very lucky to have been referred to Dr. Lindsay. He listens to me and we make dual decisions about my treatment, he also remembers what we talked about in my prior visits. I have a disease that isn't curable, just treatable and he is open to my opinions and feelings about treatment. Most compassionate Dr. I have ever seen and definately gets a high rating on his bed side manner, would highly recommend him to anyone. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	Dr. Linday has taken care of my 8 yr old daughter for the past four years. She has uncontrolled seizures. He has worked diligently to find treatments to stop my daughter's seizures while still allowing her to be a little girl. His &quot;bedside manner&quot; is awesome! He never seems rushed or unconcerned. Very kind and caring. Always willing to take extra time to explain things to us. He is a great person AND a great neurologist.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
19	1	Very thorough and eager to find the answers to my questions.  Promptly reports test results.  Works WITH me to make sound healthcare choices, and respects my decisions.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
19	1	I moved from Montana and one of the most difficult things is finding a doctor like Dr. Langenderfer (I don't think it's possible)! She is very caring, gentle and compassionate - truly listens, and if she doesn't have the answer on the spot, she will find it! She is a true health advocate for her patients - following up on her referrals and making sure no one ever drops through the cracks. I could always expect an evening phone call with test results as she went through all her files after hours, and she called to check up on me when I was very ill as well. She expresses an interest in her patients' lives, not just their health, and in so doing, blesses them in both.   She is AWESOME! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
19	1	I love Dr. Langenderfer, have been her patient for years, and would trust her in any situation. She really seems to care about me, even though I usually only see her once a year. She suggests things I can do to improve my health but doesn't nag, and suggests tests I might need but doesn't overdo it.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	1	Dr. Lindemann has been a great solution for our dentistry. I had a traumatice injury to my lip and front tooth after a fall on a sidewalk. He reconstructed the tooth  and approriately managed the care. He's also a very through and very gentle dentist. We love him! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	0	poorly glazed crown was permanently cemented into my mouth.  very rough finish w/ metallic taste.  dr. removed finish glaze in effort to correct.  credit card refunded but doctor asserts that crown was acceptable and disputes refund. 	5	4	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	My appointment with Dr. Lebsock was easily the most informative and enjoyable eye exam I have ever had (even including the air puff glaucoma test)!  He explained everything really well, answered all of my questions, and made sure that was comfortable.  Great experience! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	He was very helpful caring for my severe chronic pain. His treatment was as good or better than the pain specialists I have seen. I have usually been able to get a same day appointment if I feel I need to be seen. He &amp; his staff have always been caring and efficient.  	5	4	5	4 	Insurance:Medicare
23	-1	Had two misdiagnosed malpractice lawsuits--both misdiagnoses resulted in death of the patient. One of them being my 6 yr old grandchild. This doctor is not female-- 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
24	-1	. always asking what meds he has put me on and when they are ineffective he puts me on a higher dose after saying if this dose is ineffective it most likely wont work and he ups it again 	4	1	1	2 	Insurance:Medicare
24	-1	Runs tests and procedures that are totally unneccessary, doesn't adress the purpose for the visit, sends people home with unneccessary prescriptions, not totally honest when he doesn't know answers. Horrible bedside mannor.  	4	3	2	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
25	1	The best doctor I have ever seen.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
