dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	Liesl and her brother in the prefession, Eric, are both wonderful doctors who genuinely care about their patients. They give the utmost of themselves and never fail to inconveniance thenselves for the health and happiness of their patients.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	1	I have had Dr. Palmer as my radiologist on several occasions. He always is kind and caring. His diagnosis are right on. He is a wonderful man. 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	I went to Dr Parks for an anal fissure. Although not a grave pathology, it can be quite annoying and painful on a daily basis. I was delighted to find that Dr Parks isn't a &quot;scalpel  happy&quot;, and he won't rush and perform surgery on me. Instead, we discussed the conservative options I had before having surgery. He took his time and explained the pro's and con's of each option. He also adjusted his options when he heard that I was breastfeeding. He was very gentle and reassuring during physical exam, which can be sometimes quite awkward. His treatment of topical unguent worked perfectly on me, and today I'm pain-free thanks to him. I would definitely come back to him for any surgical problem, and I will recommend him to my friends and family. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	Dr. Parks is a very caring, concerned doctor.  He does what is best for his patients.  When I was in the hospital for 9 days after surgery, he came in twice every day to see me, and I had to go out of state for a gastroenterologist, and he kept contacting the doctor in Salt Lake City until he agreed to see me sooner than he initially said he would.  I would recommend Dr. Parks any time.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	Kelly is an amazing PA! I have seen her several times and highly recommend her to anyone.  She is extremely polite and helpful and will take the time to answer any questions.  When I was waiting for test results back from the lab she personally called me to give me the results, which I very much appreciated.  Typically a nurse or someone else seems to do the calling in other situations.  Although she may not have the MD credentials, I consider her well qualified to take care of any of my needs that could otherwise be done by a doctor.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
4	1	Kelly Polus was very polite and made my daughters first annual exam very easy and informational.  She took the time to provide answers to questions and had a very pleasant disposition.  Overally I would rate her a &quot;10&quot;...I wish all health care professionals were as professional as she was.  I would recomend her highly. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	-1	Kelly Polus is a Physicians assistant I saw for about six months with the same complaints over and over. She failed to provide an accurate diagnosis, and actually told me that &quot;it was all in my head.&quot; After doing some research on my own of my symptoms, I requested her to test me for a disorder I thought I might have, and she refused saying it was a waste of time. I went to another doctor and got tested for the disorder, and the lab results concluded that I did in fact have it. I found out that the disorder makes me at high risk for Diabetes, Heart Disease, and Cancer. So it was not a waste of time for me to get proper treatment, but she certainly wasted my time and my health. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
5	-1	Horrible experience all around.  Be warned.  	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	1	Has good people skills,a nice person you can talk with, only saw once but would see again.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
6	1	Excellent, the very best Doctor who has cared for me and family.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
7	-1	My dealings with this doctor were extremely unsatisfactory. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
8	-1	Very very dissatisfied!!  I will never be the same after have him over fill my teeth. When they shut after the Novocain wore off, the two teeth he filled broke!!!  Now I had to have one pulled!!   Not a good dentist. 	3	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
8	-1	I was very dissapointed int he care or Dr. Pitts.  Although I had a cavity free x-ray 6 months prior, he claimed I had three cavities so deep that I needed pulp caps and possibly crowns.  I allowed him to fill the cavities and now experience daily pain in all three teeth (there was no discomfort prior to his services).  He was very rough in his treatment and neighboring teeth were very sore for several weeks after the procedure.  I was very unsatisfied, and the cost was very high (much higher than the estimate given, and not covered by insurance).  I was left with a big bill and a sore mouth.  Look elsewhere for dental care. 	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
9	-1	Dr was not very helpful, was abrupt, bordering on rude.  Told me he &quot;couldn't fix me&quot; and basically left the room.  He had NO compassion and just &quot;dismissed&quot; me.  I asked what I should do&#63;  His answer..go to the hospital if you want...maybe they will help you.  I was devastated, I was so sick I had to go directly to Kalispell hospital.  They were wonderful, I ended up with a good doctor and was hospitalized for 16 days. Then to Brendan house for about 2 wks.  Thank God for Kalispell Hospital and Brendan house.  	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	I challenge anyone to find a doctor that spends as much time with a patient as Peterson.  He answers questions comprehensively and takes the time to respond to questions concerning alternative courses of treatment.  I recommend this doctor.  Friendly staff and office environment as well.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	-1	Nice person but very lax when diagnosing illnesses. Prefers not to do tests when tests may be helpful, or even essential to avoid misdiagnosing. 	5	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	excellent. only cardiologist I'd see in Helena.  As a physician and a patient of his I can highly reccomebd Dr Paustian 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	1	Current, comprehensive, utilizes preventive medicine, diagnostics excellent, great listener, wonderful bedside manner 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	A good ENT if you need one.  A surgeon, so expect to be offered that service at some point, but a very helpful doctor.  He did take a very long time to make sure I understood everything, which is extremely great.  His assistant is excellent as well. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	Whenever I have had him look after my problems he has been both very patient with me and very helpful. His treatments have been most benefitical. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	-1	I reel Dr Pistorese is all talk &amp; no do. Urged by a Seattle Cardiologist I went to him about a swelled ankle, high blood pressure &amp; cough I can't shake. I've got no help. At my last visit he said my heart &amp; lungs were good-altho they'd not yet listened to my heart or lungs.  His response-&quot;Well, not yet..&quot; On his table he had me take a deep breath which triggered my cought. Ignoring that he again said my heart &amp; lungs sounded good!&#63; Although I asked, he provided no tests or treatment.  He said he'll treat me as soon as he actually sees these new respiratory problems. I was billed at the next to highest level-for an established patient-as &quot;detailed&quot;!  I have constant heart arythmia problems, an enlarged R ventricle &amp; asthma problems.   On 12/28 I was alone when a cough resulted in my not being able to breath in or summon help.  My struggle to breath seems to have caused me new chest pain. He's not available. I feel I'm going to die-without treatment-on his watch. 	5	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	Natasha is a wonderful provider. She sewed a laceration on my hand. Besides me almost passing out from irrigation of the wound. She did a wonderful job.  Thanks Natasha!!!!!  :) :) :) 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
15	1	Dr. Pelzar is a wonderfule doctor.  Explains procedures and even personally contacts you after the surgery to see how you are doing.    Diane Rector, Lewistown, MT 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	1	I have been a patient for 16 years, have had two sinus surgeries, and have been nothing but impressed by Dr. Pelczar.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	Dr. Pitt shows compassion and cares deeply for his patients.  I would recommend him to family and friends in a heartbeat. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	I've been a patient of his for 35 years.  He is very knowledable of the latest technology.  He is also very good at finding out exactly what you need for your type of lifestyle. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	-1	Arrogant,Narcissist.  Doesn't care about you or your health. Only wants to talk about himself.  Very unprofessional.  	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	-1	Dr Popwell may be a good Dr but he isn't the Dr for me. I was Dx with MS in 1983 and I've seen numerous doctors for my MS but he didn't even look at my records before saying.. I don't think it's MS!!! His arrogance was stupifying.  	5	5	1	3 	Insurance:Tricare
17	1	Dr.Popwell was very helpful to me, with the Myasthenia Gravis that I have.He has always been very concerned about everything that I tell him. I would recommend him to anyone needing a Neurologist.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
17	0	Was not overly impressed but seems to care and want whats best for us 	 2/25/11	5	5	3	Insurance:Unknown
17	-1	This Dr. is hopelessly in love with himself, don't expect the focus to be on your tremors. 	3	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	Excellent doctor, explained diagnosis and prognosis in depth without talking down.   Would strongly recommend him! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
18	1	 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	-1	My daughter was visiting Montana from Okla. She is diabetic and requires dialysis three times per week.  Two months befor my daughter came to visit I called to find out where records could be sent and where she could receive dialysis while in Helena.  I was told at St Peters Hospital.  I gave this info to my daughter who gave it to her case worker to coordinate with Helena.  Upon arrivial I took my daughter to St Peters Hospital and was told they had no knowledge of Yvette. They gave me a phone number for Dr Pincomb and was told to call her, which I did, she told me we should have had better sense and we don't pick her, she picks her own patients,  And I would have to take Yvette through The ER. We did then Pincomb ordered tests and kept my daughter in the hospital for over three weeks, with abusive treatment, taking away food and drink, overriding orders from other doctors where my daughters health was involved. Under Pincombs care my daughter had a heart attack and was sent to Utah.  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Medicare
20	1	Have used him for years. Very helpful, knowledgeable and courteous. Highly recommend him.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	-1	I would stay away from this one.  My husband's systems were ignored we were told he had a virus and ended up in hospital for broken ankle because he kept falling down.  Turns out it was a brain tumor.  Headaches, confusion, falling down and dizziness were enough to take an exray or a scan.  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	1	Excellent Dentist!  Extremely careful about not causing pain. Very gentle and knowledgeable 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
