dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	commentsI have been with this physician since he started practicing medicine &amp; he is simply the best! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	 This Yale man is definitely the best that the Flathead Valley has to offer.  One cannot say enough good things about this fine gentleman doctor.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	0	 He is engaging, very pleasant. Listened to a degree, there are some issues. I was adamant about not taking a couple of drugs and of course that is what I was given and told to try it for two weeks.  If I am not willing to take that drug into MY body, he won’t help me. I was asked to be referred to a specialist and was told that I could be managed well at his clinic. To all who have chronic pain issues, there is not much help in Billings Montana.  Suffer in silence! 	5	5	2	3	Insurance:United Healthcare
21	-1	 I went to Dr Cameron for a work injury in my right arm. He suspected nerve entrapment and gave me a lidocaine injection. I explained to him it had traveled up my arm and he sent me on my way. The pain and numbness remained the same...but I now had a nasty headache..nausea ..severe dizziness ..and could not concentrate. I called his office and the nurse said it would pass...just told me to go home and rest. My next appointment I told Dr Cameron these symptoms kept recurring. He gave me another injection and the symptoms became a lot worse..I even fell several times from dizziness. I had surgery and afterwards he never told me I needed physical therapy. Within a month the arm was as bad as before..and he asked if I was doing pt....now I have a very bad arm and still have severe dizzy spells and headaches and almost no short term memory.  	5	4	1	1	Insurance:Workers Comp
34	1	 She was very nice and helpful. I just saw her for an annueal exam and was very pleased. Unlike what the first woman said, she is very nice and friendly and informative. If (like the first reviewer) you want a totally natural birth you should probably go to a mid-wife. She has to do everything she can to keep the baby and mother healthy, and she can administer meds and perform C-sections. You can always say no.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	1	 She was extremely nice, very helpful. I came over when I was 8months pregnant. I did have a c-section with her, due to losing my daughters heart rate, reaction to epi. I'm going back to her with my next baby, going to try for vbac.  	5	5	4	5	Insurance:Medicare
34	-1	commentsShe is very mean. You can't ask her questions without her biting your head off! She tries to push too many meds, and does not like if you want to try for a natural birth. She has the worst bedside manners I've ever seen! She induces women before they seem overdue, no dilation, or no effacement. She'll stick you on Pitocin (when Pitocin isn't to be used until you begin to dilate), and after a few hours she will give up and tell you it's time for a C-section. She's just seeing dollar signs! She seems to like the fact that you don't have your baby naturally like you really wanted. Dr. Camden had a C-section with her baby, so she wants to see women do the same. As some sort of evil intention! I wouldn't recommend ANYONE to see that doctor for anything! She seems to hate women, so why she became an OBGYN is beyond me, because women are all you deal with! I think her intentions are very cruel, and I wouldn't trust her for anything! 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	commentsDr chamberlain was very informative and took care of my needs in a very quick manner. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	 Dr. Campbell is the BEST !! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Workers Comp
38	1	commentsGreat down to earth Dr.  He is very personable, recommend him highly 	3	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	commentsI love Doctor Campbell! He knows his work very well. I would absolutley recommend Dr. Campbell. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
40	-1	commentsHe might be an okay Dr. But, when he pulled my top down to look at my mastectomy scars, without asking or my permssion, I was stunned and not too happy with him.  He had no right to do this as it had nothing to do with the reason I was there. I will never go to him again. Nor would I recommend him to anyone. 	1	5	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	commentsDuring my visit I felt that I was treated very well.I would absolutely recommend this doctor to my family and friends.  I felt this visit was an amazing success!Overall I would rate this visit : outstanding! 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
41	-1	commentsDr. Cecil was unprofessional in his approach of counseling. He did not protect my privacy. He called and spoke with friends and family to gather information about me without my permission. This caused a considerable amount of trouble and stress in my life. Also, when I decided to stop going to him, (and seek other counsel) he called a friend of mine and told her I was quitting. Dr. Cecil continually mixed up information so it was not correct. I couldn't trust him. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	 Very nice person. Highly recommended.Good staff.  	5	4	4	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
61	1	 Dr. Caughlan has been my primary care physician for over ten years. He has effectively maintained my high blood pressure treatment along with my cholesterol and GERD. When I have needed a referral to a specialist, he has done so promptly and without reservation. He is totally professional and has his patients best interest at hears.  	4	4	4	4	Insurance:CIGNA
61	-1	commentsI herniated 2 discs in my neck. Instead of sending me right to a neuro-surgon. He did the MRI, which he knew nothing about. Then he gave me Tyenol 3 for pain. I about died from his arrogance, and miscare.I have never been in so much pain. After finally getting to the surgon, who immediately gave me perocet,and condemed Dr. Caughland for not sending me immediately to him, and for giving me asprin for pain. I was in surgury in 2 days, because I was loosing all feeling down my arm and hand. He was totally incompetent. 	3	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
61	-1	commentsi was undertreated for pain because I went through alcohol treatment 20 years ago and I saw a psychiatrist 20 years ago, blames all pain on psychological problems. Falsification of my medical records, failure to help or direct me to somene who would help, misdiagnoseded me,yells at me, makes unsubstantiated claims about me,makes no attempt to get to know his patients,know five people who think he is the worst doctor in town, including a nurse from the local hospital who says he is extremely lazy, does not read patients charts,has made an effort to sabotage my ability to get help elsewhere.  I have one kidney, he ignored my high blood pressure for eight years, writes in my medical record that i have a heart murmer, does not tell me, prescribes celebrex knowing this about me, 	3	4	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	 Dr Carlson is a very awesome dr.  I really appreciate everything she is doing for me to help me figure my health and life out, thank you very much!  #22 Rhonda B 	5	2	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
63	0	commentsLindsay is the best doctor ever, she understands and is very helpful and won't give up!!!! 	5	4	5	1	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	commentsKatie Carter is so knowledgeable and helpful for anything our family has gone to her for.  We are often surprised by the scope of her abilities. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	commentsamazing 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
89	-1	commentsExtremely unsatisfied with this Dr. Cady and the staff at Bozeman Creek Family Health.  I came in just to ask her opinion if I should start a specific medication.  I was there 10 minutes and only answered a few questions on my medical history.  All she ended up telling me to do was send in information from my previous doctor.  In the end, she charged me $125 for doing nothing.  The front desk did not inform me that the visit would not be covered under my insurance since I did not receive a physical.  When I showed up to the appointment, I told exactly what I was there for and asked if it would be coded as &quot;wellness&quot;.  They said they didn't know, but they failed to tell me that only physicals were coded as &quot;wellness&quot;.  This lapse failure to communicate to their customer ended up costing me $125.  I could have asked to add a physical to the appointment and would not have charged a co-pay for the visit at all.  Worst customer service of any doctors office I've been to. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	commentsDr. Cady has been my son's doctor since his birth. She is supportive of our parenting choices, knowledgeable and helpful, and reassuring when we have the new-parent worries. She is very approachable and leaves plenty of time during appointments to address our questions or concerns. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	comments 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
90	1	commentsI have been going to Dr. Calderwoods for years and he has always been awesome. Paid/Co-pay:$4000	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
90	-1	commentsI have to say he was good with a needle. But although he advertises that he caters to cowards, he never introduced himself, never saw his face.  My husband is an extreme dental phobic and afraid of needles. His phobia caused him to have to take a tranquilizer before coming in to see the Dr. And there were a couple of times that we had to cancel the appointment due to panic.  Had quite a bit of work done but all the fillings had sharp edges, crowns that were made had to be made over due to improper margins.  Last appointment sched. for 3 hours the Dr flashed the needle in front of his face and my husband had to leave the office.  Shaking and visibly upset he had me go back in the office to apologize for him.  When I went back in the Dr was with another patient. I believe that he planned to run my husband off. When my husband called later to see if he could get some help for pain the Dr wouldn't prescribe anything unless he saw him and he refused to see him, the staff hung up on us. 	2	3	1	3	Insurance:Unknown
94	-1	comments 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
94	1	 I use Dr. Carlson as my pediatrician, and she is the best!  When my son was sick, she got us into the clinic a few hours after I called to see him.  She even gave me her home number to call if there were any more problems with my son.  She is always sure to call me back if I call with a question.  Even if she's at home.  She's very good with children, and has a great bedside manner.  I plan on using her again and again for my subsequent children.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
97	1	commentsThis doctor did a great job on an epidural for a cesarean, got it right the first time with very little pain.  I did not realize how great a job he did until I had someone else do it next time! 	3	3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
