dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
9	1	commentsVery Knowledgeable...polite and takes time with me. Know patients conditions and recalls past problems and medications Paid/Co-pay:$168	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	 Awesome doctor!!! She really sits down with you and talks about your problems instead of just handing out medicine and acting like they really do not want to pay attention to your needs. Dr. Salyers is a one of a kind doctor.   The best doctor I have ever had.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	1	 Very good conservative dentist.  Excellent care and good chair side manner.  Nice office with new state of the art equipment.  	5	5	4	5	Insurance:Delta Dental
19	-1	commentsI was told he couldn't  see anything on the X-ray, didn't know why I couldn't move my neck but he could fix it in 24 visits, for $2,400. After 3 visits I knew he was never going to help me with his head squeezing machine and table slapping. I went to a dr who did an MRI and saw 2 bulged disc. Had Jesse been honest and ethical and not just greedy, he should have refered me to a dr. I hate to think of the damage he would have caused had I gone with his bid of 24 visits. 	4	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	commentsCaring,attentive,professional in every way.Recommend this wonderful doc to anyone---total A+ 	1	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	commentsNot a surgeon, but excellent in managing pain conditions especially of the spine. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
27	0	comments Paid/Co-pay:$600	1	2	2	4	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	commentsDr. Schabacker, Wade &Staff; are all polite and very knowledgeable in treatment and Pain Mgmt. discussions, It was full attention on me, and my treatment, and at the utmost respect. You do take a Psychological Test and Also a Drug Screen for possible abuse, In this day and age you cannot blame the MD's for checking, and they have the right to treat you, or turn you away. Obviously if you are of an abusive nature or do not meet criteria that is their choice. Some may need to step back, and see if they are the negative ones not blame the Physicians and Staff, What you are defines you and you can always take your business elsewhere. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	commentsDr. Schabacker and his staff have been treating me for three years. Everyone at Rocky Mountain Pain Clinic is professional and respectful. Dr. Schabacker's NPA, Wade,is one of the best. He is highly educated and knows what he is talking about. Dr. Schabacker has always been professional in dealing with me, knows what he is talking about, and is open to new ideas. Pain management must be an exploding part of medicine as with only one MD on staff, it is hard to get an appointment with Dr. Schabacker without a wait of several months. I hope they can add another MD to their excellent staff. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	 Dr. Schabacker has been fantastic to me for the full 5 years I've been seeing him and his assoiates.  Despite my alternaitve apperance and alternative apperance, I was treated with dignity and respect at all times.  Though they can be very strict if you are so much as suspected of abusing or selling your pain killers, are using other drugs or alcohol, or violating their pain contract.  Don't be dissuaded by negative reviews, as there is a chance that they may have been doing such things.  	3	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
31	1	 This physician was helpful, timely and personable.  While in the exam room, he afforded me his full attention, asked many questions and completed an examination.  Consideration to all treatment options including psychological, physical, sugical and medications was provided.  Acupuncture and yoga were aslo discussed.  I was required to sign a medication contract and provide a urine sample.  Clearly the clinic is committed to adherence to close monitoring of medication use and compliance with the rules, which were well understood when I left the office.  Details of the risks of medications were described in length and in terms I could understand.  The office staff was polite and helpful.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Workers Comp
31	-1	.   	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Workers Comp
31	0	 I was a patient of Dr. schabaker and got fired. I was in sever pain, taking some strong pain pills, and caught 1 of his nurse's lying to me. I was told that a test didn't show why I was having the pain, by a nurse. When I was finally able to see schabaker, he said that the test did show something &amp; referred me to a surgeon. I was told to take another test, for which I questioned. That &amp; being yelling at a nurse on the phone. I was fired. I am totally addicted to several pain drugs. I get 35 days worth of drugs and told to look for another dr. I have been going to this clinic for 5 yrs and have seen 5 drs &amp; wade(whom i liked). There is some reason why he is going thru so many employee's.  	2	4	2	4	Insurance:Medicare
31	1	commentsI have been under Dr Schabackers care for 6 years now and have been treated by the 2 previous doctors at Yellowstone Neurological Associates and so far he has been the most knowledgeable and up to date with medications. He informed me that one of my medications had recently been found to cause cardiac arrest in the higher dosages. Even tho I was far away from those dosages I did not increase that medication that we had thought of increasing on my previous visit. The other office staff and most of the nursing staff could use an attitude adjustment to put it mildly. Office staff very curt and rude at least 60 percent of the time. I have been with Yellowstone Neurological Associates for a total of 9 years and including Dr. Schabacker have been cared for by 3 primary Doctors and One P.A. named Wade that is very professional. I Highly recommend Yellowstone Neurological Associates Pain Center. Paid/Co-pay:$145	3	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	commentsDr. Schabacker proved that I was not a drug addict as Rosen tried to imply.  He was totally undderstanding about the accidents that led up to my injuries. He believed me and treated me fairly.  Numerous drug tests were done and all proved clean. 	4	5	5	4	Insurance:Unknown
31	-1	commentsHe was very unempathetic and mean. Not only did he not care about my situation, he hurt me terribly.  His harsh words and ill-tempered attitude were unnecessary. I left his office feeling shamed, helpless, and very sad. People’s character can certainly be judged by how they treat the weakest and most vulnerable. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
33	0	commentsDr. Samuel is smart but lazy, never on time for appointments, often cancels an appointment that is hard to get anyway in the VA system. Dr. Samuel always seems in a rush to get you out of her office. For the past few months, she's been on some medical leave; I'm told she may not return, and I am having problems getting in to another doctor because the VA system is so short-staffed. 		1	1	4	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	 Dr. Schutte is a superb surgeon, and unlike the typical surgeon, he will work with you to avoid surgery unless it is really necessary.  However, he is also a very arrogant man and don't be surprised if he doesn't recognize you even after you have been his patient for years.  When he does make mistakes, he has trouble acknowledging it.  He has performed two surgeries on my knee and the results were excellent, but I have had to really be my own advocate at times to get him to see what was needed.  He did end up losing me as a patient when he decided to no longer accept my worker's comp, even though I had been his patient for 13 years. I have heard from other former patients of his that if a surgery does not go well (apparently this is extremely rare) he will not accept responsibility and has even &quot;fired&quot; patients.  If you need a patella tendon ACL reconstruction, however, you won't find a better surgeon.  	5	2	4	4	Insurance:Workers Comp
38	1	commentsDr. Schutte is often late to appointments but it's because he is so thorough!  Another dr. in his office told me to deal with my pain.  Dr. Schutte took his time and found what was wrong.  I had surgery and am now pain free!  Without him I would still be hurting.  He is awesome and he is worth the wait in the office to see! 	3	2	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	commentsDr. Schutte was a wonderful Doctor and was always ready and able to listen. He paid attention to each complaint and never passed anything off without researching my problem. Always asked how I was doing and would even come in to check on me while I was in doing my PT. I recommend him to everyone!!!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	commentsDr. Schutte did a lot to get me through and never gave up. I recommened him to everyone. 	5	3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
45	-1	 Likes to prescribe pills but doesn't do much in-depth examinination. His treatment of my diabetes seemed to bore him. He diagnosed a severe low spinal injury as a back strain and went on vacation. I couldn't even walk without support. 17 days later he &quot;allowed&quot; an MRI that revealed very serious damage. He wasn't concerned and dumped me elsewhere. He first came to the hospital's medical group, jumped to a clinic competitor, dropped his patients and went to the hospital as a hospitalist, and left in a year for Medford Oregon to start over. He's got a PHD, but lacks real medical expertise. Had a ton of billing and over-billing issues with him.  	3	3	1	3	Insurance:Aetna
46	1	 I have had several proceedures (all stents)done by Dr. Sample in last 10 years. 2 were life threatening, the rest were partial blockages. He is an excellent Dr. I would recommend him to anyone. He has knowledgeable staff and both Dr. and staff take time to explain answers to questions completely so you understand them for both you and your family.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Veterans Administration
46	1	commentsExcellent physician who is very caring and very committed to the health of his patients. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	commentscaring,comforting professional, excellent knowledge of cardiac care. makes patients feel safe and confident they are receiving the best care possible 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
57	-1	comments Paid/Co-pay:$6000	2	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	 Dr. Santin is an amazing caring doctor. I am having reconstruction to my left breast after a radical mastectomy. His suture lines are so fine and tiny with careful stitching. His care of me and my boyfriend through this process has been so sincere and helpful. Fully recommend him to anybody for this kindof life-changing complicated surgery.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
57	1	commentsI had a breast augumentation completed in February.  It is the best job I have ever seen.  I have no scars.  I had the surgery on a Thursday and was back to work on Monday.  Recovery time was only 3 weeks and almost fully functional.  Dr. Santin did a wonderful job and his staff was most helpful as well.  I recommend Dr. Santin to clients, friends, and family. Paid/Co-pay:$5325	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	commentsI had a great experience under Dr. Santin's care and have the highest respect for both him and his staff.  He performed breast reconstruction with tissue expansion and implants following bilateral mastectomy, and I found him knowledgeable, very skilled, professional, warm and friendly.  I had an outstanding result and couldn't be happier. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	 Procedure:  breast reconstruction following bilateral mastectomy with tissue expanders.  This is about a six month process, which has tried my patience at times (one month to go before exchange), but I just know I will be pleased with the final result.  I have complete confidence in Dr. Santin.  He is easy to talk to and willing to educate throughout the process.  I have and will continue to recommend him to my friends and family.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
57	-1	commentsI agree with other person. He said he knew how to do a thigh lift but he left me worse than before. Also did not seem to care. 	2	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	commentsI am 5 weeks post-op for a breast lift and upper eyelid lift and think Dr. Santin did a fine job. My daughter has also been seen by him for a cleft/speech issue and I have found him to be polite, sincere, knowledgable, soft-spoken, conservative and decidely un-arrogant - a refreshing change in comparison to most doctors! Will go to him for any future plastic surgery and/or ENT needs. 		3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
57	-1	commentsdoes not know how to do a thigh lift but says he does 		3	2	1	Insurance:Unknown
60	-1	 I am not impressed. He does not give you his medical opinion nor does he answer your questions. If you were having your third child with him, I am sure he would be a fine doctor. However if it is your first, he is not very reassuring.  	4	3	1	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	-1	commentsVery unprofessional. After two visits I feel my prescription is still not right. Would not go to him again. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
68	-1	commentsThe appointment was very rushed.  I felt that he did not take the time to explain to me what he was doing or what my exam showed.  He did not even introduce himself, I ended up asking his staff what his name is. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	 His prompt and accurate diagnosis and treatment when I was in hospital for blood clots in one leg and both lungs saved my life.  Good enough reason to give top rating! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
74	-1	 Good on the simple stuff, but totally misdiagnosed other items (back injury). Told me to avoid one doctor during an office visit and referred me there on the next. My billing charges were always messed up and unusually high, especially when compared to my prior doctor of 8 years and the doctor I switched to after him. When I questioned him about what he was doing he threatened &quot;to dismiss me as a patient.&quot; Seems to think he knows-all &amp; sees all. He may have a PHD, but that didn't make up for limited diagnosis when I had a serious problem.  	5	3	1	2	Insurance:Aetna
74	-1	.   	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$120
74	0	commentsneeds to admit there is a limit to everyones knowledge and discard the attitude that if he is not informed of a particular disease/syndrome does not mean that it does not exist 		4	2	4	Insurance:Unknown
75	1	 He is absolutely awesome!  I loved having him as my OB with my son.  I continue to use him now as well.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
75	1	 He always takes as much time with you as needed, he's very personable.   He is knowledgable and is great with kids 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
79	-1	commentsHe showed reckless abandon for my mental health.  In a time of suicidal crisis he refused to offer any medical solutions. Paid/Co-pay:$200	5	1	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	 Dr. Schaeffer has been a tremendous help to me and he has an excellent &quot;bed side manner.&quot;  I have referred him to others also.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
79	1	commentsGreat doctor and a nice guy! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	 Dr Schuett is terrific, helped me where others I had not. Great staff, always helpful. Perhaps the previous reviewer was having a bad day. I would highly recommend Dr Schuett.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
82	-1	 I have only been seeing this Dr since July of 2008. I called this Dr office last wed Oct 15 as requested by her for me to tell her how the new med is doing and wether it is working. I also only had 1 week of pills left on the prescript which she was going to change or re-fill. No call on that day. I waited until Monday the 20th to call again which I did and the desk person said she would give the info to the Dr and have her call me back. No call, so I waited until Thur to call again, by now I am out. When I called front desk put me on hold and came back on saying she is with a client can she call back. I said yes. 3 hours later a nurse calls me back ask what i needed. I re-expalined the issue and Dr request and told her I have been trying to contact her since last wed and I am now out of the med. She then told me that the Dr has been out of the office since Monday and won't be back until The next Monday which is Oct 27th. I still have not been contacted.  	1	1	1	3	Insurance:United Healthcare
83	1	 I was with Dr. Sando for several months.  He did an excellent job of helping with spinal issues the doctors in Butte couldn't seem to...  He was very personable, listened, and genuinely cared.  I would fully recommend Mr.  Sando!!! 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Workers Comp
