dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	-1	First appointment with him and he tells me, in front of my husband, that I was a &quot;trash can&quot; case and until something appeared, we don't know.  I had a few symptoms at this time.  He could not remember the one main illness that I did have and made up something else.  He does not perform any tests or blood work unless you specifically ask for something and even then you have to have a good reason.  Would not recommend, as I stayed with him for 2+ years.  	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	1	Dr. Andrews worked with my daughter from the time she was about 14 months old...without his help we would have been lost....and his staff was always there for us.  Thank you all so much...22 yrs ago I found you and all the answers i needed. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	-1	Bad experiece, little care, no follow-up. No longer under the &quot;lack of care&quot; of this facility.... 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
2	-1	Unprofessional comments. Won't return calls. Very unhelpful.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
3	1	I love Dr. Kathryn! Everyone in her office was so nice from the minute I walked in the door. I had been going to the same dentist for 22 years before I moved to Lincoln, so I had very high standards for SouthPointe Dental. I can confidently say that they met every single one. I was so pleased with the way I was treated.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
3	1	Awesome Doctor! She is by far the best in Lincoln! If your thinking about becoming a patient, do it. I had a root canal done and I was so nervous.  She was so nice and made me feel very comfortable and before I knew it she said &quot;Okay, we are done!&quot; I was shocked! I did not feel a thing! I would recommend her to everyone! 	 10/10/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	I was recommended to Dr. Kathryn by a friend and she is one of the best dentists that I've ever seen. She was so empathetic to me, a person who is scared to see the dentist. She carefully listens to you and takes the time to fully answer all questions. She has an excellent bedside manner and is always cheerful. The staff was also very helpful and friendly. It is a little scary to go to an appointment in a new office, but I felt very comfortable the minute I walked in. I would highly recommend Dr. Alderman to anyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
3	-1	Would not schedule me with the dr. I requested. Dr Alderman carried on a personal conversation with assistant while working on me. When I complained they told me not to come back.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
4	0	I do NOT recommend him.I have spoke to several other patients of his and they all say the same. They ended up getting infections from his procedures. I was sick for 8 months. He continued to lie to me over and over.  	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:HealthFirst
4	1	Nice guy, caring.  However, my neck lift was not very successful.  Starting saggin within one year. 	5	5	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	I can't imagine having this procedure done with any other Dr. or nursing staff... I waited so long for this surgery and I am so happy with my results. Dr Atchison  and his staff are very professional and  very kind.  Best thing I have ever done for myself!!! I would recomend this Dr. to anyone who is seeking any type of plastic or reconstructive surgery.. Probably the best in the local area...  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	He does a fabulous job and his bedside manner is great! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	simply the best, fun office, friendly staff , good work on teeth , whats the problem here&#63; smile looks great! Dr aadams spent loads of time answering questions and helping me, he went out of his way, spent more time than most docs. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
6	-1	Very Abusive to patients.  No ethics what so ever!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	Had this DR since 1998 and his PA Becky is awesome too. Very family friendly office and they always remember who you are. 	 12/1/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	Dr. Anderson won my business with his handling of my situation when I was very Ill wih a Viral Illness.  After seeing another physician (in the same office) on Thursday I made an emergent visit on Saturday.  He not only showed compassion and intelligence, He did everything in his power to make me more comfortable.  His Nurse at the time was very helpful and the Nurse he has now is even better.  This is one of the few men in Columbus I would entrust my well being to.   I've never seen a Doctor as easy to relate to and one that works as hard as he does to put things in layman's terms so you easily can understand what is happening and what to expect! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	1	Dr. Anderson did an amzing job of comforting my frightened child and myself as an equally frightened mother when my child was sick with influenza. He took the time to explain the illness, told me exactly what to expect and provided advice that probably saved the rest of my family timee off from work and school due to illness.  I would reccomend him to anyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	1	I had what I thought was a broken bone. I had xrays taken and Dr. Anderson and his partner both looked at it and agreed it was broken. The severity was in question. Before they condemned me to a cast and crutches for six weeks they thought it would be advisable to see the orthopedic specialist in town. Dr. Anderson phoned them and got me in right away. Dr. Anderson should be commended for his throughness and genuine care for his patients well being. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	Dr. Anderson is one of the most comprehensive, concise and pragmatically conscious physicians I have encountered thus far in my medical education. I would confidently recommend this man. He is humble, and has takes to heart the vocation of Medicine, a vocation he believes to be rooted in service for others. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	-1	I do not recommend anyone to see this man or his nurse! I was told I was wasting tax payers dollars by him and his nurse stated to the Dr. that I was such a pathetic person they didn't know I was outside the door weighing myself! Also he would tell me nothing was wrong when I was hurting so bad. And he also said I have a low tolerance for pain. And pain medication is a joke for doctors these days I have been going through chronic pain for almost 3 years now and do you think they care if your hurting or not all they worry about is getting in trouble by subscribing you medication that would help you. Terrible bed side manner and his nurse Tracy is no better!!!! What happened to doctor patient confidentiality and caring for there patients instead of treating them like cattle!!!!! 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
9	-1	I researched for a good Cardiologist in the Omaha area who I thought I could trust. Based on some reviews I decided to try Dr. Akkad. His knowledge seemed great but his bedside manner was terrible and I felt like he didn't care to listen to what I had to say and if a doctor doesn't want to listen to what you have to say then how can I trust that he's providing me with an accurate diagnosis&#63; He would cut me off before I was done speaking and proceed to tell me the answer to what he thought I was asking. I must say however the front desk office staff were absolutely fantastic. A young woman named Dianne checked me in and I must say she was absolutely the most professional and friendly front desk personnel I've had the pleasure of dealing with. Despite the excellent support staff he has, I don't think I'll be returning to visit Dr. Akkad anytime soon.  	5	3	1	3 	Insurance:Aetna
9	0	I was referred to this Cardiologist by my Oncologist (small cell lung cancer 2004) for heart related symptoms I am experiencing. I suffer at times from a total inability to breathe, crackling lung congestion, shortness of breath w/activity, leg/ankle swelling and left venous insufficiency. Home oxygen saves my life during these episodes of what feels like strangulation. I use it when I cannot breathe. I  went to see this doctor hoping to get a diagnosis and treatment for my condition which is obviously heart related. At his office my heart rate was around 120, my blood pressure was 80/50 and I was light headed. He prescribed me a form of Albuterol and set me up for a stress test. I am 76 years-old with chronic low blood pressure, rapid heart rate and left venous insufficiency and he needs a stress test to diagnose me! I did not follow any of his plans for me and I will not be going back to his office. I did give this man 5 stars for knowledge because I do believe he is knowledgeable.  	2	3	1	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	Clean, esthetically pleasing environment.  Knowledgable friendly staff.  Caring and compassionate. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
11	-1	i wish that i had this site back in 2000 i would report the same all these other people are doing, horrible work and tried for 2 years to get ahold of her to fix it like she said she would but couldnt,,please do not use her and tell your friends about this site so they can see for themselves not to use her, i had tummy tuck and breast implants 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
11	-1	I don't know why this Dr.is still practicing.Someone should sue her for malpractice.She ruined my facelift,my breast implants,eyelift &amp; necklift.She did all 4 procedures at one time.Not good to do this.I had internal bleeding afterward.She would not take responsibility for all the horrible damages to me.She has great bedside manners,until something goes wrong,then she most likely won't bother with you.Her skills as a plastic surgeon are the worst I've ever encountered.I don't know how she got a degree in this field.She absolutely has no talent or skills.It takes a skill that's almost artistic,which she hasn't a clue about.Please,please if you value your sanity &amp; want a good outcome,stay as far away from her as you can.Keep all friends and family away from her.Warn them.Warn them!I had to go to another Dr.to fix her mistakes &amp; some were irreversable.I was devastated!This happened in 2004,I'm still emotionally devasated.My face is very asymmetrical,each side is diff.Eye lift was disaster. 	 2/11/11	2	4	1	Insurance:Unknown
11	-1	She Ruined my legs... the surgery left me disfigured, Skin hanging so bad on my legs that I was getting rashes and yeast infections.  I had to find someone to &quot;fix&quot; this mess.Finally found a surgeon and paid over 5,000 dollars to help fix the problem. The only option was major repair job to remove all the sagging skin that was a result from the bad Lipo job. I now have scars on both legs, but it's better than having the sagging skin. that was miserable.  So mad at myself for doing it.  Now every summer I get to keep covered up.  I did the procedure to look better not to look like this. 	1	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
11	-1	She is not a good plastic surgeon, I would not recommend her at all.  She does not do a good job and when she knows that she did a bad job, she hides from patient.  Please do not waste your time and money with a person not skill to do this job. I recommended her to two people but I was not aware of how my procedure was going to end, but I talk to the other two people and they were very unsatisfied with her job. She seems to be nice but she does not take the responsability when she makes mistakes.  Hopefully this informations helps other people that way people stop wasting their time and money  going with this kind of person. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
11	-1	Not approachable.  Angry and rude.  Seems to be very stressed out.  Have noticed this with many female physicians. 	3	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	I found her very knowledgable and helpful. I'm very satisfied with her and would recommend her to anyone. :) 	 11/17/09	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	-1	She is very friendly till something goes wrong after the surgery, then she won't even answer your calls. 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
11	-1	Surgery results were totally disappointing. Had to consult with other physicians to correct her procedure. 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
11	-1	hour and half late for procedure, no follow up visit in Hospital, poor to average results. I would not use her again. 	3	1	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	She was very reassuring and helped my wife through her procedure and recovery.  would recommend her to anyone 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	This is a truly awesome doctor's office. The staff and doctors are truly kind and helpful.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
12	1	I've suffered with sports related injuries for over ten years and after Dr Akerson did an adjustment I finally felt relief.  I felt 2 inches tall, more balanced and stronger.  My lower back pain was gone too.  He did an amazing job.  He explains everything very thoroughly and makes sure you're comfortable with every procedure.  He also preformed an adjustment on my 4 week old baby girl and that night she slept for 6 straight hours.  She was less fussy during the day. I HIGHLY recommend Dr. Akerson!!! 	 6/26/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
13	-1	Would not question the record keeping in spite of obvious, easy to prove error.   Resulted in medication error. 	3	3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	Dr. Ali probably saved my life and did a lot over the phone instead of making me come to the office constantly!  He checked, double checked and sent me to Mayo to confirm what he had diagnosed.  He talked to me as if I were human and very concerned and caring.  Always asked me if I wanted to keep my lab tests personally and was just an overall wonderful man. He and his nurse continue to followup per phone routinely!  He even called me at home a couple of times to talk to me. I would recommend him to anyone!  My autoimmune hepatitis is under control and has been for about 10 years but we still do routine testing.  I have been stable for that period of time but he is still cautious and routinely has me do blood work.  What a blessing he has been to me and my family.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
14	1	I found Dr. Ali to be very helpful.  He diagnosed by problem quickly and explained my situation very clearly.  A good doctor! 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	Found to be knowledgeable for my desease.  To the point and helpful.  	4	5	4	4 	Insurance:Medicare
14	1	Dr. Ali is very knowledgable.  My sister worked along side him and knows his work.  His interpersonal style is frank and to the point, he is not a cuddling, hand-holder type.  I would rather have an extemely knowlegeable doc than one with less knowledge that is great interpersonally (think Dr. House). 	5	5	3	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	-1	Didn't even check my records and scheduled an unnecessary test, rather than to do the test that was recommended by my primary doctor. He never got back with him. He was rude, rough, and bellingerent. He committed Medicare fraud by duplicating tests. I had to go to someone else to get the right test done.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
15	1	Dr. Amin is a great Pedi. Card. He has done our sons Heart Caths and his angioplasty twice. He is a wonderful Doctor. The Schmeichel Family 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	I highly recommend Dr. Adams.  He has a great bedside manner, and the staff is very friendly.  Dr. Adams will help you be &quot;The Absolute Best&quot; you can be.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	Very caring.  The staff is extremely nice, and goes above and beyond to help. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	Dr. Adams was extremely caring and helpful. I have been struggling for many years to get to the bottom of my symptoms. He listened to EVERYTHING I had to say and asked to numerous questions. I am currently pain free because of him! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	Very Professional, and short wait to see Dr. Adams.  Handled the problem after one visit and would go back again.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	-1	Al-Turk dismissed any input I had to offer and was very abrupt with the exam. I was being seen for neck pain and he did not even palpate the area of discomfort.  Was not helpful at all.  	5	4	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	Dr. Al-Turk is very personable.  I've been his patient for at least 8 years and he still listens to my amature attempts to diagnose what is wrong with me.  He then smiles and enlightens me without being condescending.  He has helped me through miscellaneous big and small things, always being supportive and professional.  The recognition he has received is well deserved.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	-1	This doctor has NO bedside manner.  Total jerk.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	Excellent Family Doctor 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	Dr. Auch is the best doctor ever!!! He is very nice too!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	Very good at listening to you, and takes the time to answer. Does not rush thru the appt. My daughter felt very comfortable around him.  Good with kids! 	5	4	5	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	perfect, was on time, explained everything in details. called back with results of tests. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	-1	I was overmedicated and showed symptoms of overmedication which were ignored and caused me to have Akathesia and Distonia.  He didn't listen to me and treated me poorly.  I'll never see him again. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
21	-1	No Knowledge, and more focused on other things then what you were there for.  	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
22	-1	The doctor was nice at first but soon took a superior attitude and was judgmental and rude.  He didn't seem to like me, or show interest in me.  He offered no suggestions to improve my depression.  He indicated he thought I was lazy.  I feel he liked to use power over me and just ran up bills unnecessarily.   I got over the depression on my own steam and in spite of him! 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
22	1	Very helpful, extremely mindful and with excellent bedside manners.  Also, a wonderful smile! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	-1	Staff did not inform us our insurance would not cover MMPI.  Insurance companies often refuse to tell if they will cover a proceedure or test until after it is done, BCBS is one.  However, the staff has ample history with BCBS to predict the outcome if BCBS will or won't cover &amp; did not tell us.  We found the Dr to be unhelpful, defensive every time he was asked a question, and repeated a very expensive test that was done just a short time before, for no reason, which cost us the full amount of money a second time with insurnace not covering. When asked to see the results of the test, he refused to give them to me, said rude, arrogant, spiteful things to myself &amp; my husband during the follow up appointment.  Test was done to assess eligible for a neuro stimulator, and I felt the Dr. Was more interested in increasing his #'s in therapy than assess eligibility for the neurotransmitter.  there is a conflict of interest in the neuro stimulator testing &amp;  his gaining clients for therapy.  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	 	3	3	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	Dr. Kent Amstutz was an amazing resource when our twins were born early and required hospitalization in addition to other medical concerns.  He was extremely knowledgeable and patiently answered all of our &quot;first-time&quot; parent questions.   I would highly recommend him! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	He was my dr as a child and my sissters also my sissters both have adhd and he was very. helpful and now i take my two children there he always takes time to observe them and talk to me about them 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
25	1	My children have been seeing Amstuz for 7 years now and I would higly recommend him to anyone. I have never had any issues with his care, my 12 year old has Asthma and has he has been extremly helpful in getting it under control and answering all my questions, my 7 year old was a very sick baby and he went out of his way to help and answer all questions. I also have 19 month old twins that were born 5 weeks early and he would call just to see how they were doing. Everytime I bring one of my children in he will ask how the others are doing my name and if they were recently ill will know why they were there. I beleive he goes above and beyond what is expected.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
25	1	Dr. Amstutz has been seeing my little guy for a year now. I like him alot. I am a first time mom, and he helps with all my questions and concerns. He cares about my little one, you can tell that, and whenever you mention his name around, everyone seems to know him, or have heard that he is excellent in pediatric care. I would agree everytime, and recommend him highly. If you contact with any questions, there is a response either the same day, or bright and early in the morning. He also is specialized in developemental care as well.  I think he has done a great job with my little one and me! Thanks Dr.  Amstutz! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
25	0	My son was born 5 weeks early. Now 3 and a half months old, I have had more problems than I think a first time mom should have to go through and I think is the result of not getting the proper medical attention. I wanted Dr. Amstutz to be his primary physician but he is always out of town to do a conference or he is too busy. I have seen the female in the office. She is very kind but I think she jumps to conclusions too fast. The one time I have seen Dr. Amstutz he seemed uninterested in my concerns and instead of searching all possibilities he just came up with the easiest answer,stuck with it, and made me feel as though I was being a paranoid first-time mom. I have not been happy with the service of the doctors and receptionists in the office and feel my son is not getting the best care possible. 	1	3	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
25	-1	A doctor who decides that a child is faking being ill because his blood tests are normal is not giving the best care. When he makes up his mind the child is malingering instead of looking at the facts of the case, that is not only unprofessional but dangerous. He told my son that he wasn't sick enough to be in the office then turned around and gave him an antibiotic. He says he thinks my child is malingering about fatigue and leg pain so he doesn't have to go to school. My son rather enjoys school and since it affected things he loves like running around outside with his friends and playing on the computer that disqualifies that statement. He said that my sons reflexes and strength was normal when an hour later a physical therapist told us to get an MRI because the right and left sides was so different in strength and reflexes. The MRI is scheduled. The doctor proscribed it. He said it is malingering until it is proven it isn't.  		4	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	Both of my children have been seeing this doctor for almost 3 years now. He specializes in developmental pediatrics and is wonderful. He is very receptive to questions and parent concerns. One of my children has a rare genetic disorder which this doctor went and researched for us so that he could better help our family.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	1	He is wonderful and listens.   He always makes sure my girls are given the best care and truly is concerned for their well being 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
26	1	Excellent Pediatrician.  I am a nurse myself and totally trust him to care for my daughter! A couple of my other nurse friends take their children to him too! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
26	1	Excellent, Knowledgeable, Friendly and Very Caring doctor! We are so Blessed to have found him and his EXCELLENT clinic staff, especially Nurse Amy! Dr Andresen is always willng to take the time to explain all procedures and answer any questions.  THANK YOU DR ANDRESEN! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
26	1	Very good doctor!  Glad we switched to him.  He is very good with kids and takes his time, does not rush to get to next patient.  Makes kids feel comfortable.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
27	-1	 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	The doctor was impressive and very knowledgeable in his field of gastroenterology.  He correctly diagnosed my daughter with a rare genetic disease before the positive blood test results came back.  You can tell he is truely passionate about his profession and not just &quot;in it for the money&quot;.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	1	He is the best....He came out ontime made me feel safe with his comments very knowledgable I will recommend his expertise anytime.he is a good man.., 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	-1	A complete disrespect to his professional, dishonest, he knows it and someday he will answer for all his actions to the higher power.  Good luck doctor anil, you will need it.... 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
29	-1	Can't believe this guy is still practicing. He operated on my toe in the 1990's for an ingrown toenail. He didn't even know where the nerve for the big toe is. Shot the painkiller under the toe-nail and essentially operated on me without anesthesia. The nurses were literally holding me down on the table. I couldn't walk for almost 2 weeks. He said it was because the anesthesia didn't take because of the infection. Ten years later I actually had a podiatrist do my other toe and finally realized what a LOSER this guy was.  USE HIM AT YOUR OWN RISK. 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
29	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
29	-1	I dont know what rock workmans comp insurance found this quack under, but I wouldnt let him dress a paper cut. He couldnt speak or understand english. He sat in a chair 15 feet from my xrays and had his interpreter evaluate me. His decision was made before he ever walked into the room. Do not trust this quack! How does a person like this survive&#63;  The assistance of corrupt insurance companys.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Workers Comp
29	-1	Dr A treated me for scoliosis as a child, which was severe enough to require that I wear a back brace 23/7. Now in my 30's, have had 3 kids, 2 herniated disc's, and I am a 36DD. Needless to say, I put up with a fair amount of back pain. I went to Dr A hoping that he could help document some of the indicators that ins companies look for to support the medical need for a breast reduction. (I once worked for a surgeon that does many breast reconstructions & reductions & I know exactly what ins companies require, the dr I worked for recommended surgery for me, but I also wanted to know what else could help, so that was why I wanted to see an orthopedic doctor to take care of the documentation I needed.) He told me there was nothing wrong with me and that large breasts don't cause back pain, and neither does scoliosis.  Really&#63;&#63;&#63; (Also my fiance saw someone bleeding, unconscious outside, he called an ambulance but when alerting office staff, they did NOTHING to help.  Hypocratic oath my ____ 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
29	1	I tripped, fell, and broke my right elbow in 3 places.  I was referred to Dr. Agarwal who determined the break and gave me the choice of surgery or a cast.  I chose the cast.  I was in the cast for 2 weeks, in a splint for 2 weeks, and a sling as needed.  Dr. A. gave me instructions on how to rebuild my strength and exercises to regain mobility.  After 8 weeks he gave me the choice of continuing my exercises or physical therapy.  I chose the exercises, and one year later I have full mobility.  A CAT scan showed the breaks and they were extensive.  I can only thank Dr. Agarwal for his guidance and direction, and the ability to use my arm/elbow/shoulder with no problems.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
29	-1	Dr. Agarwal, in my opinion, is a huge joke. I was sent to him by OWCP for an impairment rating. He took one measurement and 2 grip-strength tests. When I received his report from OWCP, he had magically pulled over 30 measurement results out of thin air. I spent more time with his nurse than I did with him. He gave me a total impairment rating of 25%. This was for accepted conditions of bilateral carpal tunnel syndrome (with surgeries), left cubital tunnel syndrome (with surgery), bilateral medial and lateral epicondylitis, and left rotator cuff impingement. I will definitely be seeing another doctor for a fair and impartial impairment rating. Dr. Agarwal definitely favors the employer, and not the employee. With all of the referals he gets from OWCP, I'm sure he knows which side his bread is buttered on. I definitely would not recommend him to anyone who has an honest work-related injury. 		2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
29	-1	I fell at work and tore two dics in my back, dr agarwal told me during an examination that &quot;pain is good&quot; and that &quot;physical therapy is a hoax&quot; and that my condition or pain level will &quot;never improve&quot; yet, he wanted to schedule me for the following week and recommended surgery. In a letter to my insurance company he stated &quot;she has had physical therapy more than was necessary and this should be stopped&quot;. He lied about the prescribed pain meds that I am taking, he lied about my pain level and range of movement.  Do not use this guy, don't even go on the block where his office is! 		2	1	1 	Insurance:Workers Comp
29	1	good 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	My husband, my kids and I all love Dr. Anglim. She is very calming, personable and has a great way with kids.  It probably helps that she has little ones at home herself! We have been very happy with her and wouldn't consider changing to another pediatrician.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
30	1	Dr. Anglim has been wonderful with my two girls.  She spends a great deal of time with them and is quick to help take care of any issues that they might have.   She is very easy going and the kids really like her.    Definately the best pediatrician I have ever been too! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
31	1	Carter is a fabulous physician.  I was so very sad when he left Canada.  Incredibly knowledgeable and a brilliant diagnostician.  He'd actually make time for you the same day if need be.  Always on time and yet seemed to take as long as you needed to disclose ALL of your ailments to him.  Caring and compassionate do not go far enoough in explaining his medical and professional demeanor, and personal character.  We graduated the same year and at the time he was only doing paeds I believe.  I've always been a big kid at heart so it was perfect for me.  His office staff (you know who) was pretty special too.  They made a great team. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	Dr. Arispe has seen all four of my children from birth. He is an excellent doctor who seems to care.  The nursing staff is very good to my children and are very patient. He is sometimes hard to get and appointment with because of his reduced hours, however all of the Drs in his office are great.  Great Doctor! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
32	1	Dr. Arispe is a great doctor.  He saved my daughter from acid refulx when she was 3 months old.  He has always been straight forward and has answered all of my questions.  There's a reason why he's booked...because he's just that good.  Plus, he's been in the business for years and he's allowed to make up his own schedule.  In fact, I love all the doctors affiliated w/ Dr. Arispe so I don't mind taking my child to any of the doctors.  The staff is always friendly and amazing.  My daughter loves to go to the doctor...when she's sick.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
32	0	I would not recommend Arispe to anyone.  We have 2 children who have both been his patients since birth.  Over the last year his appointments have become more scarce, he has cut hours and frankly he is too booked to give anyone quality service. He does not have time to talk to patients and often speaks down to you.  My average wait over the last year was over 1 hour, even for well baby exams.  His nurses are mean, not helpful and make your appointment feel more like an interruption to their day vs. their full time position.  The final straw happened when after a 1.5 hour wait and blood draw, he misdiagnosed my child.  It took another pediatrician's 5 minute meeting to address my issues.    I believe he was too busy to pay attention to the simple things and rushed away before he really evaluated my child.  	1	1	2	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	-1	Dr. Arispe was HORRIBLE! Everytime my daughter was sick he would tell me the worst case scenerio like it was going to happen. We go to a different pediatrician now and she is much much better. I would not recommend Arispe to anyone.  	4	2	2	2 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
32	1	Both of my children have seen Dr. Arispe since the day they were born.  He and his staff are always helpful and knowledgable.  Yes, during the winter we wait a bit longer to be seen but I never have to wait, they always squeeze you in.  (probably why it is behind)  My step daughter sees another doctor and when she had strep, we had to wait 3 days to see hers.  I never have to worry about that.  If I have questions, I can always call the office and they will let me know if my children actually need to be seen.  When you ask a question it is always addressed and now that my kids are older, he talks to them about their illness too.  I recommend him all the time and everyone that I have sent to him, loves him.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	-1	I feel Dr. Arispe sets way too many appt. in a day, Everytime we went even for a well child check up he is answering my questions at the doorway trying to hurry me along.I did not feel better after we left his office. There is one nurse there that calls back when you have questions was wonderful she made sure I felt comfortable with what we were going to try before she let me off the phone and was always willing to answer any questions I had.I would not recommend this doctor. 	3	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	Extremely good Bariatric Surgeon, Very pleasen, honest, knowledgable.  I would recommend him highly for anyone who needs gastric bypass.   He saved my life.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
34	-1	Her bedside manner is best described as &quot;authoritarian disguised in fake politeness&quot;.  If you want someone listens to you and cares about your child, don't choose her.  Until you question her &quot;recommendations&quot; and ask for expert's opinion (which is not in her area at all), things should be fine.  I call this lack of confidence.  She will just give you recommendations based on the protocol and says she is an expert and you should accept it.  	2	1	1	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
34	1	 	3	3	3	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	Best dentist I ever had!  Took care of several dental problems I had suffered from for years and other dentist could not solve.  His staff is top notch.  I started takingmy kids to him and I was very impresse how well the interacted with my kids.  I woould def reccomend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	-1	Terrible bedside manner, lacking empathy.  Not interested in listening to patients questions 	5	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	A very good Family and Sports Medicine doctor.I recommend him often.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
37	0	If he could get past how highly he thinks of himself he could be an excellent Dr. He is more of a middle man. He sends you to specialists for many things he could treat in his office.  	2	4	1	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	1	Dr Allen is a superior doctor and is passinate and caring doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
38	1	She is so patient and sweet. She solved my problems and explained them to me, and encouraged me to contact her if needed.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	1	I found Dr. Allen to be very knowledgable and extremly helpful. I go to her and so do my daughter and grandaughter.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
38	-1	THIS DOCTOR IS HORRIBLE...SHE TOLD ME THAT MY CHILD WAS REALLY SICK...WENT FOR A SECOND OPINION AND THE DOCTOR TOLD ME THAT SHE WAS INCORRECT ON MOST OF HER FINDINGS...DO NOT GO TO HER UNLESS YOU WANT TO TAKE  A RISK WITH YOUR CHILD.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	-1	Had worked professionally in the hospital with her for 10 years.  First bout of pancreatitis in June, she took very seriously and I had excellent care.  Never felt better, second ERCP in September found stones in pancreatic duct and cut the duct.  2-3 weeks later, still feeling lousy with abnormal lab work.  Was told by her very unprofessional nurse that it was irritable bowel and take in more fiber.  Long story short, 10 years later, after having debilitating pancreatitis for 10 years, I had pancreas surgically removed with islet cell transplant.  Wonder what would have happened had her nurse not blown off my complaints. 	1	3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
39	-1	Unfriendly.  Can't be bothered.  Very minimal personal patient contact.  	4	4	1	2 	Insurance:Coventry
39	-1	This doctor has at least one very unprofessional nurse on her staff who uses an abusive attitude to try to intimidate patients.  She scheduled me to have tests at 2 different hospitals with 2 different Md's at the same time.  When I called to find out what I was supposed to be doing, she immediately blamed me for her mistake!  Dr. Arouni would not contact me as I requested. Dr. also appears uninterested in what she is doing.  There are at least 50 G.I. doctors in Omaha - good medical care somewhere else is only a phone call away! 	1	4	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	Dr. Arouni was very pleasant when we met. She gave me a clear understanding of the procedure and afterward clear instructions of what I needed to do to stay healthy.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
39	-1	Woke up in recovery at Bergin Mercy, alone. She knew I had problems comming out of anesthea. Acted as if I  was just a waste of her time after reporting to her that I had an alergic reaction to medication and would rather not continue.  	1	4	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
39	-1	I was referred to her for a procedure, to see if there was damage related to a diagnosis comfirmed by reliable blood tests. She told me before she did any procedure that she would not find anything, that my diagnosis was wrong and she was only doing the test because &quot;it was ordered&quot;. She gave the distinct impression that she felt I was wasting her time (although I had not ordered the test, or even really wanted it!), and I was also told to change some of my eating/healthcare habits and I would get better, also recommended some dietary changes in direct conflict with my diagnosis. Very rude, with no compassion, and as a member of healthcare, I was appalled by her lack of professionalism.  	2	5	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	-1	As a patient, I never got to talk to this doctor, in person or by phone.  After second & third opinions(I wanted to be sure) her diagnosis was completely wrong and caused me much unnecessary anguish.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	-1	She did not listen to my symptoms and gave me a diagnosis which another doctor told me was not correct.  She was not very personable and seemed very cold in person.  I would not recommend her at all.  	4	3	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	-1	Rude, abrupt, both doctor and staff. The doctor will not personally talk to you on the phone if you have questions before or after a procedure and it did not work.  	2	2	1	3 	Insurance:Coventry
39	-1	When I was in accute pain, she could have cared less.  She seemed &quot;very bothered&quot; that I would call her after hours. (pain doesn't know time!)  She critized me for my eating habits rather than advise me as to go to the emergency room.  Once again, she &quot;could have cared less, and seemed very bothered&quot;.  I finally went to the emergency room on my own, was given great medical treatment, and found a NEW DOC.... BRAD SCHAEFER 	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
40	0	Did not listen to my problem and declined to give treatment I had been receiving in favor of anit-depressants.  		1	2	3 	Insurance:Aetna
41	1	Phenomenal! Wonderful experience. Sending my entire family to Dr. Aaronson. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	Nagi did my carpel tunnel release.  Great doctor, very pleased with the results; I have feeling back in my hand and absolutely no scar!  I highly recommend this doctor.  	 8/8/11	4	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
42	1	There are not enough words nor space  to describe the respect and gratitude I have for Dr. Ayoub.  He is beyond superior in every aspect of physician care and plastic or reconstructive surgerical skills. I am a breast cancer survivor who endured a radical double masectomy and removal of 24 limp nodes, Dr. Ayoub was handed a mess of a chest and asked to make it beautiful.  In addition to reconstruction, he had to deal with the fact that I have extremly thin skin which posed a handful of trouble, was very ill with chemotherapy and lack of blood cells plus I am extremly small (4'9 3/4&quot; tall, weighing in at 85lbs) which means even the smallest implants would look big and have weight issues (tearing, shifting, fluid build up).  He never gave up and when he was finished, we (breasts and I) look amazing! In addition to the excellence described above, please also note that Dr. Ayoub went above and beyond during my battle to survive. He really was compassionate..., I know call him friend.  :) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
42	1	I have beautiful results after the surgery- he did a great job and was there with me the whole way 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
42	0	Dr. Ayoub's staff was very nice and helpful..  Dr. Ayoub seemed very knowledgeable.. he explained the procedures(rhinoplasty/septoplasty) very well but after my rhinoplasty i could not see a difference.   It was almost as if he forgot to perform the rhinoplasty surgery.  Very dissapointed with my septoplasty surgery.  	5	4	4	2 	Insurance:Tricare
42	-1	My Mother had breast reconstruction surgery by this inept doctor.  Her breast area was left as an uneven small mound that was too thick with tissue under the underarm.  It was appalling. 	3	3	3	1 	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	Dr ayoub and staff are very helpful and understanding.  Dr Ayoub spent a long time explaining the procedure and the risks involved to me.  I appreciated that very much. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
42	-1	refuse to do breast reconstruction after cancer because i have tri-west and &quot;they don't pay enough.&quot;  very rude man. 	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
42	-1	I went in for Laser Hair Removal.  Dr. Ayoub did the initial consultation and his Nurse performed the Laser Hair Removal session.  The nurse gave me a generic brochure that explained the procedure and gave a brief explanation of the procedure.  The next day, I had a question about the shedding process.  I called the office and spoke with the Nurse who preformed the procedure.  She was unable to answer my question.  She spoke with Dr. Ayoub and called me back, but still was unable to answer my question.  I asked the Nurse to have Dr. Ayoub call me.  The Nurse seemed apprehensive, but the doctor did call me back.  When I returned to the clinic the doctor asked me to step into his office and yelled at me for having to call me to answer my questions. 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	Excellent service in a great facility. Dr. very knowlegible and willing to consult specialists . the office personel is very helpful and friendly.I am very pleased to be his patient.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
44	-1	Very poor..doesn't know what he is doing. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	If Dr. Tramp is running late, it is because he needs to spend extra time with a patient. This is the same when he is with you, he will spend as much time with you as is needed. Very knowledgeable re: fibromyalgia and related illnesses. He is not afraid to say he is not sure or does not know something and he will refer you to the correct specialist to figure out what is wrong.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
45	1	Dr. Arnold made a difficult test very easy and was very efficient and skilled at nerve conduction testing and EMG.  We are so lucky to have someone with her skills in our small community. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	Very Nice and caring Doctor.  Best doctor our family has ever seen. Explains everything to you.   Recommend this one! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
46	1	We were always very happy with Doctor Applegate.  He took great care of our kids and would always find time to have someone see us right away if one of the kids was sick.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
46	1	Dr. Applegate is a fantastic doctor. He explaines everything so well and always is great about answering all our questions.  We think he is the best doctor in town!  I would highly recommend.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
46	1	Dr. Applegate explained everything to us in terms anyone could understand. We are heartbroken after his move to Omaha. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	I must say, we're new to the area and I was so impressed with this doc!  I was referred to Complete Children's Health by an aquaintance of mine for my 3 children.  They were &quot;assigned&quot; to Dr. Applegate.  I'm soooooo happy with him.  He's great with my kids and eased their fears and my concerns with an amazing compassion I'd never experienced before.  This doc is a CLASS ACT and is definitely in the right profession. : )  He's utterly amazing and no mom or dad could ever find a better doc for their little ones.  Dr. Applegate has been VERY good at squeezing my kids in at the last minute when needed.  I've NEVER felt rushed with him.  He takes the time to carefully explain everything in simple terms that are easily understood. Also, his office staff is so great!  They're very nice and helpful. A parent couldn't ask for more.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
46	1	Dr Applegate has a fabulous bedside manner- my children are completely comfortable around him. He is very down to earth and relates his opinions well. He is not afraid of explaining why he believes as he does. I had to take my infant in frequently for weight checks and everyone else we saw in his office was just as knowledgeable, helpful and kind as he is.  Love the Saturday and Sunday hours! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
47	1	Dr.  Kathy is by far the best dentist in Omaha! She is gentle and thorough with each visit! I would highly recommend her to anyone looking for a new dentist! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
47	1	Dr. Ausman made my visit an enjoyable one!  I would highly recommend her to many of my friends! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
47	1	. Have been going here since they opened over 5 years ago and would go nowhere else love the dentist and her staff!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	1	Dr. Anderson figured out what was wrong when no other doctors could.  He is also very compassionate. The nurses that took care of me agreed that he is the best.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
48	1	Explains things in terms I understand. Very pleasant and caring.  Obviously intelligent, and competent.  Very excellent support staff. Can't say enough good things about his care and office. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	Very Excellent. Kind, considerate and helpful. Will spend time with you to answer your questions. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	Dr Abdessalam operated on my four year old son, he is an excellent surgeon.  He explained everything to me and was great with my son.  He followed up with us and was very helpful during his recovery.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
49	1	Very personable, explained surgery on my daughter, planned for scar in an unnoticeable place.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
49	1	Dr. Abdessalam is highly professional and genuine. He goes above an beyond his duties to make sure his patients are getting the best care.  He has an amazingly sincere bedside manner! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
49	1	Dr Abdessalam has operated on our infant son on two separate occassions.  We are very happy with the way he took care of our son.  He took the time to check on him before and after the surgery.  He is a very caring and gifted surgeon, we highly recommend him to anyone needing his services. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
