dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	-1	This Dr does not take the time to listen and correctly diagnose a patient. He prefers writing scripts for drugs.  	2	1	2	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	1	I've had excellent care from Dr. Ihle for injuries over the years. Most recently, he performed my total knee replacement.  He did a great job, and always patiently answered all my questions! 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
3	1	Dr Inda knows his stuff.  Good bed side manner 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	Excellent Doc! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	I think David Isom is an excellent doctor. He has a very friendly, open manner. He never makes me feel rushed, and he treats you as though you're a friend, not just a patient.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	-1	This MD has cancelled two appontments on me in the past 6 months, and today I was 8 minutes late due to road accessibility and various construction in front of their office and he would not see me (at least this is what the receptionsist at the desk stated), although she seem frightened to even explain to him the cause and stated to me she was doing what she was told. If you are looking for an unprofessional atmosphere, then go to this clinic. FYI, afterwards, I called to get my records through Alegent so I could go to a new physician and was told I would have to pay for them. I was then put on hold, transferred to the dept. that could answer my questions,  but no one piked up after 15 minutes of being on hold. 	2	3	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	Great bedside manner. Very caring and efficient.  I would definitely go to Dr. imbrock again 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	I have used Dr. Imbrock twice for breast surgery.  I will use him for any surgery I would need in the futher.  He has a great sense of humor,but serious when needed.  He is gental and careing.  He is not just a great surgeon, he is a nice man. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	Very knowledgeable. Takes the time to explain everything to the patient. He does not rush his patients out the door. Very much into getting down to the bottom of the problem. He's very honest and upfront.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	1	answers questions,gives very complete exam.friendly 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	Dr.Iwanski gave me n my family a very complete n knowledeable eye exam. Her prices where affordable . I will return. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	I have to say, not sure what some of you are talking about.  He spends so much time with his patients.  He does not give garantees when doing surgery. No one can.  If you waited to long to come in and may not get a good outcome, he explains that to you at your appointment.  He does give out a ton of information. Everyone wants to blame the doctor, but you need to set back and think did I have anything to do with this&#63;  ie.  waiting to long to come in, not following instructions, not listen to what he was saying at the appointment/or maybe forgot what he said... He gives out educational brochures goes above and beyond any doctor I have ever went too.  His staff was the same way with scheduling and if you have insurance questions. They are all so nice. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	Dr. Ichtertz is wonderful.  I had ECTR done and was back to work the next day!  I also don't have any scars. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	The BCBS person that rated Dr. Ichtertz poorly is not being truthful. He does not see 100 pts per day, there would not be enough time and he spends a lot of time with his patients.  I know because I work for him.  His patients love him and he has excellent outcomes that the patients themselves rate. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	-1	Was impressed with his confidence prior to surgery, however I found out that his competence and his confidence didn't match. He botched my husband's surgery. We had to have another Dr. surgon go back in and correct what he had done.One week after surgery when we went back for follow up,he didn't seem too concerned about the infection and pain my husband was in.  	4	2	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
10	-1	didn't listen to what I had to say at all. Exam was fast (you know he does 100 a day) felt rushed and that he doesn't listen. I am currently seeking another Dr because his surgery did absolutly nothing for my pain. But what should I expect, He didn't listen.  	5	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	1	Trustworthy, smart.  He'll take the time to take care of you.  Doesn't act like he's in a big hurry to get you out the door.  Very nice too.  	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
11	1	After years of bouncing from different doctors, Dr. Ingram was able to diagnose me in a minute. And, the diagnosis was correct. If you are suffering from odd immune issues, and don't know where else to go, I suggest Dr. Ingram. My first visit, he spent 2 hours with me discussing every detail of my issues (even those outside of typical ENT issues) to get the whole picture. His follow up is fantastic, and he is the most knowledgeable physician I've ever met (and I've met many). He is able to cite research on a global scale, and has considerable respect for his patients. My family now goes to him for all similar issues.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
