dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	0	Very arrogant doctor with poor bedside manor. Although we entered the ER we did not have what most would consider an emergency, but to new patents, anything that may hurt our son is an emergency to us. Dr. Christensen literally laughed in our faces after making a rude remark about why we were there.  Unbelievable! 	5	4	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	1	Excellent staff and nice office.  He reviewed my old records and explained the tests that he wanted to order.  Very satisfied.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
2	-1	Very arrogant and unwilling to listen to patient.  Suffers from a God-complex and I feel he is trying to compensate for his small stature.  Only after being set straight by referring Dr. did he come back in the exam room and reiterate to us the exact same thing we had told him upon first consult.  His staff at the surgery center was late and unapologetic.  Avoid this 3rd class Doctor with a 3rd class education at all costs.  	1	5	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	Dr. Chaudhuri is an extemely fine doctor; knowledgeable, warm and friendly, and always willing to take time with you and carefully explain your condition, and what can or cannot be done.  He is the finest cardiologist I have ever met, and I have met quite a few during my heart disease history. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	I love Dr Chaudiri.  He is so caring.  He and his staff always seem to keep me and my family first.  They answer all questions without making us feel like they are stupid question, and they answer in a way we can understand.  He, and his staff, seem to really care about you and your family.  Everyone in that office seem to know all about you and why your are there.  They are all so educated and yet they don't show the superiority of some people with that knowledge.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
3	1	Dr. Chaudiri is one of the busiest doctors in Hastings.  He is part of Nebraska Heart Institute based in Lincoln.  Dr. Chaudiri is the best doctor we have ever had.  He is totally knowledgeable about cardiology, is kind, compassionate, and truly cares about his patients.  He always remembers our particular personal histories, inquires about our families, etc.  But most of all, he is extremely skilled in cardiology.  I am sure he could practice in any city he wished, and we are so grateful he has chosen to remain in Hastings.  He has so many patients in this area, and I have never heard one negative word about him.  Bravo for Dr. Chaudiri! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	I have been to this Dr. many many times over a 6 yr. period. She has helped me a lot with injections for pain in neck and lower back.  However, she is very expensive.  She charged $447 for an office call and did nothing more than talk to me and check my reflexes.  Another Dr. of mine stated that she operates just above the ethical line.  I would not recommend her.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	Seemed very hurried. Was very compassionate at first, but then inpatient when I tried to extrapolate on my condition. Ultimately, however, cured my problem. 		4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	Excellent doctor. Her skill relieved me from months of neck pain and disability. If she had failed, I would have been forced to have spine surgery. She met with my husband and me in advance and was very kind and informative.  		3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	-1	Rudest doctor in Omaha. Don't bother making an appointment. 		3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
5	-1	Cheloha is an OK doctor if you're healthy.  Once something goes wrong, he's completely ineffective.  Doesn't listen, poor standard of practice--our vet follows up more than this guy does. If you need anything more than a routine check-up, find a doctor who cares more about patient care and less about keeping his &quot;wife&quot; supplied with polo horses. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	Dr. Cheloha is very well respected with a lot of knowledge and great attitude about life.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	A knowledgeable, and un-hurried physician.  He takes the time to listen to your opinion and respects your knowledge as a patient.  	5	5	5	4 	Insurance:CIGNA
5	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	He took his time with my son and addressed all of my questions and concerns. Has wonderful patient skills and interacted well with the pediatric population. Office staff was also very helpful and outgoing. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	Dr. Columbo did my sons surgery back in 06 and made sure we understood everything that was going on.  My son was just released from the hospital again and will be having another surgery in 4 to 6 weeks, I am thankful that he will have the same Dr..   Very caring man! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
6	1	Dr. John Colombo is a Pediatric Pulmonologist, and has given excellent, compassionate care to my grandchild.  He is a caring, dedicated professional who is ethical, honest, and trustworthy.  When you have a really sick child, this is exactly the kind of person you want on your side.  Forever thankful to Dr.  Colombo 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
7	1	Wonderful doctor.  Really listens and takes his time with you.  Never acts like he's in a hurry.  Usually behind schedule, but agree that its because he takes his time with each patient, never rushing you out the door.  My little girls also really like him and look forward to their visits with the doctor.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
7	1	They are very kind and friendly. Usually behind schedule due to taking extra time with siblings or answering additional questions.  Has late office hours and will call back regardless of the time of night.   Excellent nursing staff as well!!!!! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
8	1	Excellent Surgeon. Actually cares about his patients.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	Excellent physician 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	-1	May be his nurse should put ice on more than his knee. He thinks he is a big time doctor. He needs to quit treating things he knows nothing about. He was treating me for Crohn's and I didn't even have it. He tried treating for c-diff and made it worse.  	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
12	-1	This Chiropractor treated me for over a year without knowing I had 2 cracked vertabre due to the fact his x-ray equipment produced such bad images he couldn't see the damage. I found out about the breaks after pain in my back became so bad I had to seek medical attention. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
13	-1	Had her extract a tooth at vinton st. dental. Hurt like hell cause she didn't use enough anisthesia. Post op she gave me extra strength tylenol. No script. Got home and found pieces of my tooth still hanging on the gum. Finally couldn't take the pain anymore and called for a script, which they called in 15 Tylenol 3s. If she understood what kind of pain she causes,  she might be better post op with patients. This is the first time I let her work on my teeth. But not my first trip to Vinton st. Dental. 	4	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	He has been very caring and follows up on my progress. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	Caring and Dedicated 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	-1	This guy is more like a cartoon character than a Dr. I had orthodics made beecause he &quot;swore&quot; this would make my aching feet 100% better. I'm thinking a little pocket money for the Doc. My feet are no better. Very unprofessional staff, act like Jr high kids 	2	3	3	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
16	-1	I had a pinch in between my toes. His recommendation is to quit playing sports. He also gave me an injection or as he calls it &quot;juice&quot; that just made the problem worse an billed my insurance company $471.00 for the injection! I went to another podiatrist that recommended less invasive methods and actually listened to me. Your time and money is better spent somewhere else.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
17	-1	One of the worst MDs out there - Knowledge base is poor at best.  He has not kept up with the changing medical profession since he was board certified in the middle 70s.  DO NOT GO TO THIS NEUROLOGIST.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	-1	Tend to get unclear answers and more questions after follow ups. Still a bit early after only 2 follow ups but as of now this is where I'm at.  	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Workers Comp
18	-1	Rhis doctor, has no empathy, doesn't listen, and doesn't offer and help 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
18	-1	This doctor has no empathy and a terrible bed side manner.   Very dismissive and does not remember his patients 	3	1	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	Dr. Crnkovich is an amazing doctor.  He takes time to learn what's going on with your health and listens.  He's easy to talk to and friendly.  I can strongly recommend him to anyone who would like a doctor who's seen a lot and cares about his patients.  I was a smoker for 10 years and his response when I first when to him was, &quot;I'm not going to lecture you, you know that smoking is unhealthy, and I'll help you try to quit, but I'm not going to nag you and make you feel bad about yourself.&quot;  I thought that was a great approach.  I continued to smoke, and eventually quit.  Dr. Crnkovich is extremely level-headed and great.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Assurant
19	-1	I was going to be a new patient. I filled out forms etc; and had to wait until another patient was seen. When I went in his office he said I made him late. I thought he was kidding so I said with a smile &quot;no, you made me late&quot;. He then chastised me and left the room. I was almost in tears and put my coat on to leave when the nurse came in. I said I was leaving due to his behavior. He had just been around the corner and stepped out and said it was my fault for being late. I left and told my daughter about him since she is a patient of his.  She called the nurses and they verified that I was on time and didn't understand why he acted like that. I have never been treated like that from any human being in my life. I get upset every time I think of the incident. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
19	0	I would not take my dog to this MD.  He was very abrubt with me and didn't want to take the time to answer my questions.  Gave me an antibiotic and told me whatever I had this would take care of it.  Didn't even do a step test.  Must have been in a bad mood that day and he took his frustrations out on me.  Oh well, there are many more doctors in Omaha to go to...don't need one with an attitude. 	5	4	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
20	-1	I will have to give a &quot;neutral response&quot; for knowledge since I was only in for testing and there was very little discussion at all about why I was there, what the procedure would be, and what they expect to find by performing the test - which is part of my disapproval of Dr. Cooper's patient interaction and helpfulness. Unfortunately, patient interaction is not part of this site's rating scale. I did not have enough interaction with him within my 40 minute visit to determine an accurate assessment of how knowledgeable he was because he barely addressed my questions. Based on my experience, I will not go back to Dr. Cooper.  	3	2	1	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
20	1	The best neuro practice in Omaha. Have seen several of the doctors and they are wonderful.  Would highly recommend 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	0	I was sent to Dr Cooper by Tricare due to confusion, numbness in one hand and leg.  Made to feel like a fool.  He never looked at me and cut me off when I tried to explain what was going on.  After 3 visits he said &quot;he believed me&quot; but he didn't know what was wrong and &quot;he was done with me&quot;. Tricare insurance doesn't give you much of a choice on who you see and I have been unable to see anyone else except my regular doctor who has no clue what to do.  I would not recommend him to anyone.  	4	4	3	3 	Insurance:Tricare
21	0	Board Certified and excellent technically with procedures such as stress tests, heart caths., etc. Seriously lacking in patient rapport: Is arrogant, condescending, pompous and a very short/curt communicator. Holds himself on a very high pedestal and is way too self important. Considers patients to be inferior to himself and does not spend enough time in order to  thoroughly discuss diagnosis and treatment plan and answer questions. RX's far too many Brand name drugs versus generic drugs.  	 3/5/09	4	3	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	-1	Didn't treat me for what I came for.  Dwelled on something else that I didn't agree with his thoughts.  My big problem was not helped.  	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
22	-1	He did not take the time to listen to me and continually talked contradicting himself and giving me no advice as to treat my problem.  He seemed totally imcompetent.  I would not recommend this doctor to anyone.  He is a team physician for Creighton University.  I cannot help but wonder what damage he has done to these young students 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
22	-1	Dr. Connelly missed a huge tumor because he would not listen to me. He talks so fast and doesn't spend time with his patients long enough to know what could be wrong. He has tunnel vision, and doesn't know how to see outside the box. I now live with pain for the rest of my life because of his negligence. I had 3 surgeries within 8 months, I feel because of his negligence. His staff, on a post surgery check, his PA diagnosed and treated me without even knowing why I had the surgery! It was outrageous!After going to my internist, and going to another orthopedic doctor my tumor was found. Dr. Connelly even wrote me a letter telling me he was sorry but he is human. Well, that doesn't help my pain. I feel totally let down by this man who calls himself a doctor and I wouldn't send anyone to him because as I said, he doesn't listen...no matter what. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
23	-1	worst Dr. I have ever been to. Two hour wait not on time, no follow phone calls. With bad PA'S 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	Loved Dr. Cada. She made me feel very comfortable and she new her stuff! I love that office.  All the doctors are very friendly and helpful! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
23	1	I LOVE Dr. Cada.  I appreciate how knowledgeable she is, but that she doesn't overload me with information unless I specifically ask.  She's very low-key and non-agressive in the exam room (a bonus), but made sure to follow up on certain issues I had with my pregnancy when I was not able to be in office.  I felt like she really took an interest and pro-active approach to my prenatal care.  Very friendly and approachable.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	-1	not on time with appointment. Poor advise had to see another doctor after Dr. Sarah Cada. No follow up call either.  Bad deal when your pregnant! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	Just before you deliver, Dr Cada's office rotates you through all of their MD's so that you will know whoever happens to be on call when you go into labor. I didn't really like that policy, as I was going to have a scheduled C-section, but as it turned out, I did have an UNscheduled c-section, so it was really nice to know everyone. ALL of the staff are friendly and helpful. Dr Cada's knowledge enabled her to follow up on an off hand comment I made and probably saved my baby's life.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
24	1	Dr. Crowley really listens and hears you.  He is unassuming and professional 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	-1	Arrogant! Don't bother he hates Catholics! There was barely enough room for me in the exam room because his ego took up all the space.  	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	-1	Very arrogant. More concerned about telling me who his clients were then actually helping me. Told me nothing is wrong several years ago and I'm still having problems with my arm 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
25	-1	I waited 3 hours to see the dr. They lost my records from my other surgeon. The dr was arrogant,said anyone given narcotics after surgery is an addict. Told me my job is stupid and couldn't believe I did my last job. He said I have a torn rotator cuff but refuses to do anything for it and told me to tough out the pain and take tylenol. He is an arrogant jerk with no bedside manners at all.  I will never go see him again 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
25	1	He is extremely knowledgeable and gets right to the point. He explains your health situation so you understand exactly what you are dealing with, and explains why he does or does not believe you should have surgery.  I appreciate his honesty.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	-1	I was so grossly misdiagnosed that I'm convinced they weren't even looking at the right MRI. I was told my ACL was fine when in fact is completely disintegrated. If they're too distracted to get the right MRI, they're obviously busy enough without my business.  	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	-1	Dr.  Crocket was very arrogant and didn't listen to what I had to say as well when I disagreed with things he stated it didn't matter 	5	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	Dr. Crockett is honestly one of the best orthopedic doctors in Nebraska, perhaps in the Midwest.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	Best orthopedic doctor...and I have seen multiple! He is very knowledgable and personable...does not seem rushed to see you. He does not rate the best in punctuality, but that is due to his character of spending extra time to speak and evaluate patients to his fullest. Would recommend anyone, especially shoulder injuries to Dr. Crockett! 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	I found Dr Crockett very skilled in dealing with the problem we consulted him on....He was very friendly and knowledagable. The surgery was a success and my son has few reminders of the injury.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	-1	.  	 2/27/07		3	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	1	Tami goes beyond being a GYN she encouraged me to get another medical issue checked out by a specialist and found out I had pre cancer cells.  I trust her fully with my medical needs and blessed to be in her care.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	1	Tami is a kind, caring, and knowledgeable doctor. Her quiet demeanor is also a huge plus and she never makes you feel like she's rushed, or late for another patient. She's an A-1 doctor and person.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	1	I have seen Tami for several years. She's is always very warm and caring. I highly recommend her.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
26	1	She is awesome! Very helpful and personable. I knew I could ask her anything and get a helpful clear answer. I had to switch doctors when I got pregnant, but would have loved to stay with her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	1	Love her!  She is very pleasant and does not make you feel rushed.   I have been seeing her for over two years and would recommend her to anyone! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	1	I've had multiple post-menopausal problems, and Tami has worked hard with me to figure out what is going on and correcting what could be corrected.  I would, and have, go back to her in a heartbeat.  She is a very caring and knowledgeable person.  I'd recommend her to anyone.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	1	Tami is a great doctor - I just went to her for annual exams and other routine gynecologic issues. I've never had a kid, but if I did, I would feel in great hands with Tami. She is very easy to talk to, is not at all judgemental and she actually listens to what you have to say.  Unfortunately, I moved 500 miles away, so I no longer continue to see her, but I miss her very much! Hopefully I will find a new doctor who is as good as she is! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	-1	.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Delta Dental
27	-1	I don't need to tell you about my experience, other than that as of right now, I would rather go to Mexico for all my dental work than go back to this office. Everything about this office screams unprofessional. The staff don't seem like they know what they are doing and the Dentist should find another calling. Not only is she not personable but she doesn't seem  knowledgeable in her field. The whole time I was there I heard the Dentist and the staff laughing and talking about inappropriate things. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
27	-1	Customer service is lacking with a receptionist that is rude and completely unprofessional. Staff should be an extension of the doctor and when you have someone that rude at the front why would you want to be treated by the doctor. I am in the health care field and this is the worst I have ever come across. They kept me outside waiting for 15 mintutes while the whole staff was off site, without a note left on the door. Keep looking for a dentist that might actually care for their patients.  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Delta Dental
27	1	I think Dr. Chadwell is the best dentist I've ever had.  She really helped me overcome my fears associated with going to the dentist. I've been extremely satisfied with all my dental work.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
28	-1	sounds very much the same that happened to me over a decade ago...said my problems(chest pains) were in my head and sent a shrink in to see me, which I threw the shrink out and finally another doc did more tests and they found blood clots in my lungs, I guess the pain was not in my head... I never felt so insulted when the shrink came into my room and after a couple questions I asked his specialty and and when I found out I then told him to get out. After the blood clots were found NO one apologized for sending in the shrink and I never saw either again. just the facts! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
28	-1	This doctor had no clue told me there was nothing physical wrong with me and told me I needed a head doctor and 1 day later GP called and told me I needed a surgen ASAP.  	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
29	1	I have been seeing Ron Craig for many years - since long before he went to LMEF.  I have continued seeing him because he always takes times to listen, to explain things thoroughly, and to answer my questions.  I find this invaluable.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
30	1	Dr. Cruz is welcoming and listens to patients. He is concerned with a full diagnosis and relies on his knowledge and that of others in addition to the tests that are available hence he is not reliant on all the expensive tests available.  A first rate physician for me and my spouse! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	1	a true doctor, compassionate and knowledgeable 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	. Dr cummins delivered me, my two beautiful baby girls and going to be my 3rd in feb! He is amazing!! I highy recommend him! ! Good luck! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	1	. he is the very best !! great doctor and man!! Love him, love him, love him! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
32	1	Dr Cummings delivered two of my children via csection in my early twenties, then my daughter via csection when I was 35 and soon my 4th at 38. He is a great doctor. Very knowledgeable, kind, patient, and great surgeon.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	1	I have had two deliveries with Dr. Cummins and he was referred to me. He is very patient and we have laughed more together than any other doctor I know.  He makes me feel comfortable.  Would recommend him to anyone.  	5	4	4	4 	Insurance:Coventry
32	1	Dr Cummings delivered my two boys when I was in my twentys, he later delivered my daughter in my fortys. Had some complications with my daughter's birth, but I was never concerned because I knew I was in good hands. I am now in my fifties, I still haven't found a doctor I can trust as much as Dr Cummings. I am so thankful I got to experiance his great work! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	Hes been my Dr for 19 years. Delivered 2 of my 3 babies Wish I had him for my first. Absolutely trust him He always has time to sit and visit never in a hurry. Answers all questions.  Wonderful Dr!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
33	1	Dr. Collamer is a very laid back, friendly psychologist who listens to his patients and does not make them feel embarrassed when they leave.  Instead, you look forward to seeing him again so he can help you.  I highly recommend Dr. Collamer.  	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
34	1	Excellent experience. The staff was couteous and Dr.  Cardenas explained my condition very clearly 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
34	1	Great experience, very accurate diagnosis.  Excellent bed-side manner, communicates very well 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	My kids and I all adore Dr. Calderon. He does a wonderful job, and puts the kids and parents at ease. I recommend him to friends and family, and that's the most ringing endorsement there is.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
35	1	We LOVE Dr. Cicero.  All three of my children see him.  He's child/family focused.  She speaks to the children and is extremely thorough.  I trust him completely.  If I have any question at all, I know I can call him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	1	Dr. Calderon is always on time.  He always greets my son first and makes him feel comfortable.  He is very reassuring; tells me to call anytime with any questions.  When I do have questions he answers very thoroughly.  He has a great bedside manner.  His staff is also extremely friendly and helpful.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	1	Have been going over 20 years.  Good staff and dentist.  Very gentle, I haven't felt pain when he is working on me.  Gets the job done right at a fair price.  Easy to talk to.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
37	1	Very nice doctor, and helps your child feel at ease.  Would recommend her to anyone looking for a Dr. to take care of children. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
37	-1	This doctor misdiagnosis patients and then writes inaccurate reports, to support her theory without and evidence.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	1	This guy is a genius who saved my life.  He is the smartest doctor around.  Sadly, he is close to retirement age.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
39	1	Pearl is the mom or grandma you always wanted!  She is so knowledgeable and caring and a great counselor.  I highly recommend her.  she does what it takes to help her clients!!! she is wonderful!! god Bless her! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	Perlis the best counselor there is! She does some work from home. She is retired now and she is the sweetest person on earth! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	Dr. Clyne is excellent, and I actually look forward to my appointments. I have worked with a number of psychiatrists in the area and she is head and shoulders above the rest. I feel she is very responsive to my needs and I am comfortable discussing any topic her. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
41	0	Performed surgery on my knee and didn't tell me that he would have to possibly remove a substantial piece of my meniscus. Of course he told me afterwards. This may have been the only option for me, but it would have been nice if he explained my options prior to the surgery.  	4	3	3	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
41	-1	I took my son to see Dr. Cimino with a tear in his shoulder and his comment was &quot;Well mom, it's his last season of baseball and he really wants to pitch, I would let him, it shouldn't do too much damage.&quot;  OK so now my son is of course suffering because as a teen he was going to rely on what the Dr said over mom and now he wishes he wouldn't have ever met Dr. Cimino.   BAD NEWS 	 10/1/08	2	3	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
41	-1	Does not communicate and spends very little time with patient. 	4	3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
42	-1	Didn't care that I had a slipped disc.  Was so eager to get me out of the room.  Made sure his nurses did the work, he would just come in to do his 2min of check time.  His bedside manner is terrible.  He may be good under pressure, but has an ego that says, I'm better than you. 	2	2	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
42	-1	Slightly confused 		2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	Very gentle, kind, somewhat shy and quiet.  He did an arthroscopic procedure on my knee and it healed well.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
44	1	I was very apprehensive about having carpal tunnel surgery because I use my hands for my living.  Dr. Cullan did a wonderful surgery and there was very little pain, no infection and quick recovery.  He seemed extremely busy and didn't have a lot of time for me but he did stay to answer all of my questions anyway.  I will likely schedule my other hand :) 	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	Dr. Cook is SOME doc!  His intuitive skills are right on.  I totally trust what he says and what he recommends.  He is very practical (no nonsense).  Yet, he is very kind - almost pastoral.  He cares.  This man is a healer in the best sense.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
45	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Cook for many years.  He was very understanding and knowledgable when I went through a 3 year period of numerous, complicated medical issues.  He is very straight forward yet has a sense of humor.  When you need a specialist, his recommendations are on target. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	Dr. Cook is concerned and kind.  He has a terrific   bed side manner.  His staff is just like him.  I find   him to be very caring and patient.  His follow up is   terrific 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	When seeing dr cullan, it felt like she wasn't very knowledgeable about my personal health issues,  even though she had my file from years of seeing creighton doctors.   I wish she had taken the time to at least briefly review my file before seeing me, and examining me! 	4	4	4	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
47	-1	I would not recommend this &quot;professional&quot; to anyone. She gave up and would ask me the same questions over again because she wasnt listening. Go back to school 	2	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	Dr.Chesen is an wonderful Dr. I have been a patient of Dr. Chesen for over 7 years. I would recommend him to anyone needing psychiatric help.  He is a genious of his time and I hope he never retires! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	1	Dr. Chesen is very knowledgeable and has helped me very much over the past 10 years. He is a past president of the Nebraska Psychiatric Association. His fees are somewhat expensive but, as in most cases, you get what you pay for. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	Excellent.  This sounds ridiculous to have to say this about a pediatrician, but compared to others we've worked with, she really knows how to interact with kids.  She is also great with parent communication.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
49	1	We've been with Dr. Carnazzo since the birth of our son and have no complaints.  She's always friendly, always kind and playful with our son, and is great about giving us any/all treatment options to help us make an informed decision. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
50	0	Very arrogant, rude and disrespectful.  Find someone else. 	1	2	1	5 	Insurance:Unknown
51	1	Dr Chiu is the Oncology Radiologist I was referred to by my Surgeon.  I had Contura Balloon Radiology treatments to my breast by him and his staff.  I have been VERY SATISFIED with their care and recommend them....  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
52	1	Dr. Cote is a fantastic doctor!  I had an excellent experience with my first child; and am excited to say that #2 is on the way!  Dr. Cote truely cares about his patients and I would recommend him to friends or family.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
52	-1	I had a horrible experience with Dr. Cote. The c section he performed on me was the worst experience of my life. He did not wait long enough for the anesthesia to start woeking and I felt ALL of the cutting. He wouldn't listen to my screams to stop, and didn't seem to care that I was in terrible pain. Don't see him!! 	5	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
52	0	 	2	2	3	2 	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	I think Dr Cote is the best dr, he was there for me for all of my 3 pregnancies. I had gestational diabetes for all three. All three came out happy healthy babies. He is very personable and you dont feel nervous around him, I love him as a dr.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
52	1	Wonderful doctor with awesome bedside mannner.  Explains everything and all treatment options.  Would recommend to all.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
52	1	Chose Dr. Cote based on great comments I read about him and a personal referral.  Choosing him was not a mistake.  He is a great dr.  I am on baby #2 and new to the Omaha area.  Dr. Cote is very informative.  He always explains what is going on and follows up to see if I have &#63;'s.  He doesn't mask anything.  He throws all options on the table, makes comments on his professional thoughts and gets my input.  His personality is great as well.  I am expecting all to go well during this pregnancy and will return to Dr. Cote if another pregnancy occurs in the future.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
52	1	Great Doctor... sometimes a bit over reactive (every question/concern was responded to with 'If you feel off go to the ER') but otherwise loved him 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
52	1	Dr. Cote is the BEST doctor that I have EVER had! He is so understanding and knowledgeable. Dr. Cote helped me through a rough ectopic pregnancy and he explained everything thoroughly to where I would understand what he was telling me. Dr. Cote also has helped me in the process of getting pregnant again! I am happy to say I am 16 weeks pregnent and everything is looking great! My husband and I could not be more excited for our new arrival. We would recommend Dr. Cote to anyone we know.  He is truely a wonderful man and doctor! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
52	1	I love Dr Cote. 2 pregnancies with him. Couldn't ask for a more understanding Doctor. He is there for his patients and always listens.  Would recommend him 100% 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
53	1	She is ecellent, would and have recommended her to others. Extremely caring, competent, knowledgable.   She is great! 	5	4	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	1	On time, good listener, correct determination of what was wrong with me.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
55	1	Dr. Cannella is a wonderful doctor. She's so pleasant,helpful,kind,patient really listens.It's always a pleasure to wee her.The problem is her staff (nurse) is very, very rude,unkind, brash and downright onery.Dr. Canella is very hard to get into,a 4 mo. waiting period is of the norm.She works at UNMC and the VA,which makes her extremely busy. The rules at UNMC, are if you see one Dr.in a certain practice,they won't let you see any other Dr.in that particular pactice..period.I think that's extremely limiting &amp; totally unfair to the patient when waiting to get an appt.can be so very long.It would help if you could also see one of her associates.Why UNMC does this is beyond me.Most facilities will allow a patient to see one or any of the associates associated with a particular practice.You absolutely cannot change Dr's there.Regardless.PS.if you get on the wrong side of her nurse..you're history.She won't relay msgs. to the Dr.Canella or return phone calls.You're on her S**t list forever. 	 2/11/11	1	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	Always been there and answered my calls and questions efficiently. Seem to be very professional. 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
56	-1	Scarry, missed a potentially life threatening condition.  Poor bedside manner and extremely unprofessional. 	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	Excellent and knowledgeable.  Very helpful. I have used him for years.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
57	-1	Had a Meniscus Tear on right knee. went to hometown hospital where Dr. Heiser diagnosed it with an MRI and X-rays.  Dr. Clare insisted that i go to Nebraska orthopedic center.  waited for 2 hours before getting in.  had numerous x-rays that he said was necessary. was there a total of 3 hours and saw Clare maybe 10 minutes. last time i saw him.  never came in before or after surgery. after the surgery, had immense pain, found out later it was a irritation of the sciatic nerve. lots of pain pills.  3 months later, still battling pain, not 100%. had fluid drawn off, had cortisone shots, and been on steroids twice.had another MRI and found out that my bones are swollen at the site of the repair and there's nothing they can do.  may take 6 months to heal! how am i to ski this winter&#63; will never go back to this doctor or nebraska orthopedic! 	2	2	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
58	1	Great guy and knows what he is talking about! Easily the best ENT in Nebraska! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
59	-1	Beware of this quack! After a 40 minute discussion, Dr. Chesen put me on medication for supposedly being bi-polar. Upon consulting with another Dr., I was given a lengthy assessment and it was determined I am not bi-polar. The supposed Dr. is a pill pusher, and anyone utilizing her services should be aware. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
59	-1	.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
60	-1	Warning!!!!!He cut me so deep that he ripped through my anus during childbirth. This man has the absolute worst bedside manner I have ever seen.  He is also extremely uniformed regarding women and their bodies but he is some how a gynecologist.  He treats everyone like he is in a huge hurry and it is a terrible inconvenience if you ask a question, like &quot;how dare you take up my precious time!&quot;  Do yourself a favor and get another Doctor for your delivery or a midwife.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
60	1	Awesome!  Can't say enough good things about Dr. Carlson.  Personable, always remembers you and little conversations he has during previous appointments, on time, gives you the attention and explanations that you need when asked questions or plagued with concerns.  Simply amazing.  Definitely recommend.  	 12/22/10	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
61	1	He is awesome. He cares a tremendous amount for his patients.  He is what every doctor should strive to be! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
62	1	The best doctor along with his staff, they are so caring and make u feel comfortable. He delivered my three girls and I always recommend him to friends.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
62	1	Dr. Chupp delivered my son and is the best OB Dr. I have ever dealt with. His number one concern was me. I too had minor surgery done with Chupp and he was great.  In fact my General DR told me to go to Chupp and he would have no one but Chupp look at his wife. I have recommended to everyone and they have nothing but great things to say about Dr. Chupp. Now because he is solo in his practice he does run late but just bring a book and look at it as &quot;quiet time!&quot; His nurse has been there forever and I LOVE that I know her by her first name and she knows me.  WONDERFUL! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
62	1	Dr. Chupp delivered both my girls and was the most caring Dr. I have ever dealt with. His number one concern was me and my newborn. Because of Dr. Chupp I had the easiest deliveries and my recovery was a piece of cake. I also had minor surgery done by Dr. Chupp and sailed through that as well.  I have recommended him to my two sisters, niece and friends and they all have nothing but wonderful things to say about Dr. Chupp.  I will be sick if and when he retires.  Dr. Chupp's nurse and office staff are also very helpful and friendly.  They are all caring individuals and makes you feel very comfortable.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
62	1	Very knowledgable. has delivered 1 of my children and wouldn't want anyone but him. He cares for the life of the child from early pg, he doesn't take any chances he covers everything even small concerns are enough for him to further whatever necessary. my only prob is the wait time way to long. i can't imagine being in better hands though.very thorough! pg or not. always returned my calls even with minor concerns i had and i could of waited another day for nurse to answer question yet He would call if something needed to be done or known. 	3	1	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
62	-1	Dr Chupp performed a d&c; after I miscarried in the 12th week.  He caused enormous scarring and infection.  He didn't dx his mistake despite almost a year of ongoing visits.  He blamed my hormones and treated me with open disdain.  Chupp refused to give me an u/s which would have dx the problem.  I left him and was immediatly dx as having Ashermans Syndrome.  This dr cost me my fertility.   Beware! 	1	5	1	1 	Insurance:Coventry
62	1	This is a wonderful doctor.  He is very knowledgeable and very concerned about his patients.  I would recommend him to anyone.  	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
63	1	Went in for routine yearly well woman's exam.  All tests were billed as sick.  Called and was told they should have been routine and they would be corrected.  Called back later and told they were to verify meds were working.  I don't take any meds.  One test was for cholesterol and the other pap smear.  Had to go through company paid by employer to try to resolve.  Pap smear test will get changed but cholesterol will not.  They claim because it was high last year it was a medical condition.  This year's test came back OK.  Changing doctors.  Staff was not honest, did not check with insurance as they said, and will not change billing.  	1	3	2	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
63	1	Dr. Collins and her PA Jackie are both amazing people and docs. They genuinely care for their patients and take the time to answer questions and problem solve. I was a high risk patient and chose Dr. Collin's because of her bedside manner and knowledge. She was wonderful at making me feel comfortable and at ease. She is sometimes booked up, but that is because she is a good doc. I would highly recommend her and her PA Jackie. Her nurse Heather is a huge help whether on the phone, or in person.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
63	1	First, the office staff (secretarial) are horrible at this office. Totally unwelcoming and not willing to go at all out of their way for anything. Second, I had an appt to see Dr Collins for my yearly exam but she had to go deliver a baby. I didn't reschedule b/c she was going to be on vacation for the next few days, so I agreed to get in same day and see her nurse practicioner (Wendy). Wenday was 1 hr behind b/c she was seeing both Dr Collins and her own patients. I did really like Wendy, however. She was easy to talk to, easy going and friendly. I will go see Wendy for my next yearly exam.  	4	1	4	3 	Insurance:Tricare
63	1	Dr. Collins saved my life. Had iy not been fir her skill and expertise, I would not be here. She same into my life when I was terrified and made me feel like everything was going to be okay. And it was.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
63	-1	Went to Dr. Collins for 10 years.  After two years of menopause, had extreme bleeding two days before Xmas.  They office told me Dr. Collins was on vacation and would not put me in touch with ANY doctor and told me to go to ER and to call for an appt after the New Year.  Even worse, when I did see her, she gave me a scrip for med that you cannnot take with a peanut allergy, which I have and is documented.   She could have killed me if I hadn't checked out the meds online before I took it!!!! 	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
63	-1	At 20 weeks pregnant, I have yet to meet Dr. Collins. I'm sure she's wonderful, but after 3 rescheduled appointments and unpleasant office staff, I'll be making a switch.  Some advice: If you are too busy, don't accept new patients! 	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Coventry
63	-1	I could not even get in to see Dr. Collins.  Instead I saw here nurse practitioner who misdiagnosed me with PCOS and put me on metformin for months.  I went to a fertility specialist to get a second opinion and was told that I had absolutely nothing wrong with me and am very healthy.  I will be looking for another doctor for my yearly appointments and when I get pregnant.  	3	2	2	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
63	1	This doctor wants to make sure when complications arise that the problem is diagnosed as quickly as possible and that everything is done to prevent the unthinkable from happening during pregnancy.  She follows up often and really seems to care.        The only thing that I don't care for is that setting up appointments with her isn't always easy and sometimes her location with availability is across town since she is at 2 locations. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
63	0	Found her in my 7th month of pregnancy, but was not happy.  I only stayed because I was new in town and needed a doctor for my pregnancy.  Usually her nurse saw me, not the doctor.  On my due date, I had a doctor's appointment and had contractions that were five minutes apart.  Her nurse saw me and told me to go to the hospital.  She didn't call the hospital ahead of time and she did not tell the doctor that I'd gone into labor.  Dr. Collins did not show up to deliver my baby until the last 1/2 hour of delivery.  She'd been on vacation and had gotten back earlier that day.  Obviously she wanted to make me wait as long as I could before she came in to deliver my baby.  I know this, because it's what the hospital nurse told us.  After the delivery she never followed up.  Her assosiates did the follow up at the hospital and she had a nurse see me for my first doctor's appointment.  Don't go to Collins.  	1	1	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
63	1	Very nice and made me feel very comfortable. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	 	4	5	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
64	-1	 	2	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	He is the best doc ever!!!!!!!! Trust me, you want to go to him. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
65	-1	Hip replacement didn't heal to small of a cup implanted! Screw broke in half! Asked for stronger pain medication and refused. Explained I hurt really bad and could not drive he insisted I could after all the problems I had after surgery. Saw another surgeon he didn't understand why I even had the replacement in the first place. I just recommend if you need this done get another opinion by a Omaha Doctor that has been doing this a lot longer and only does hips don't take the first doctors words on something ever!!! 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	Doc knows what he is doing but is not as good with the dr. patient type of relationship as he could be and doesn't like too many questions.  Could use a lesson in empathy. If everything turns out good, a person will like him.  	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	0	Although Dr. Camplin seemed very nice, his office manager was less than to be desired.  Based upon interaction with her, I would never go back again. We did not leave owing money or anything like that. It was her lack of trying to help others. Her reply to asking her if they could submit my insurance claim was that i could not expect Dr. Camplin to accept all forms of insurance or credit cards.  She was right and I went somewhere else, he doesn't have to accept anything of mine.  Another dentist in town now does. 	1	3	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	Excellent cardiologist.  Pleasant, easy going personality.  Knowledgeable, friendly and excellent physician.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
68	1	dr.  coatsworth knows his stuff and is very helpful and understanding 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
69	1	My son had issues with his ankles and feet and needed to have revisions.  He had collapsing ankles that would have messed up his frame for life.  Dr Cullen did surgery on each foot and was EXCEPTIONAL!  That was 5.5 yrs ago when my son was in the 5th grade.  He is now in 10th grade and 6'2, 175lbs.  If he hadn't gotten the surgery Dr Cullen recommended, with the height and weight that my son is now, I would be surprised if he'd be able to walk.  His ankles, knees and hips are perfectly aligned because of this.  I would recommend Dr Cullen to anyone.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	1	Dr. Cullen spends a generous amount of time on education.  He goes through all treatment options.  I tried several before surgery but ended up needing surgery to correct my neuroma Im so glad I did and have been pain free since.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	0	Great bedside manner but he is too quick to cut.  Worse the procedure he did to my foot offered no benefit.  Its been over a year now and  it still feels like the day before surgery.  Seems a lot to pay for no benefit. 	4	4	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	Patient/bedside manner is exceptional.  He is extremely nice, very focused on patient education, and communicates very effectively with patients using non-intimidating language. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
69	0	the service was shotty, the staff and doctor rude, and the price of service large.  My foot hurt when I went in and aside from the large price tag, i recieved no benefit.  My foot still hurts.  	2	3	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
70	1	He is truly wonderful and caring (and so is his staff!)  He really takes the time to help you and makes sure you understand everything--before and after.  He goes over reports with you in a timely manner also.   I trust him to take care of me! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
71	1	He cared about my injury, my return to work and my financial problems.  He heloped me return to work earlier than my lawyer expected and that helped because work pays more than workers comp.  Even my lawyer says he is a great doc.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
71	1	Dr was very thorough and took the time to explain the anatomy of the problem. Also sent me home with literature that outlined causes and possible treatments. I felt very comfortable with this physician as his approach was to educate the patient. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
71	1	Great Doc, well worth waiting for if running behind for a few minutes.  Talks about nonsurgical and surgical care.  Devotes lots of time for patient discussion & education, encourages patient participation in decisions.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
72	1	I've been going to Dr. Curry since I was a little kid.  Let me say that before going to Dr. Curry, I had terrible experiences with the dentist.  Dr. Curry has put that fear to rest.  He even helped me out two times when I had an emergency and pulled my tooth, no questions asked.   No pain and I was in and out in 30 minutes!!!  Bottom line, he is a stand up person and an amazing dentist!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
72	1	We have been going to Dr. Curry for 15 years.  He is an excellent dentist who is also kind and compassionate. His staff is wonderful and helpful.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
72	1	I have known him most my life. I would reccomend him to everyone I know! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	I like the dentist but he had his scheduling of patients so close together that he missed or forgotten to work on all the teeth he planned on. 	5	4	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	He is wonderful.  I had complications from a root canal, he met me same day after clinic time. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	I have been going to Dr. Curry for 30 years. He is very good at his profession. He has even called me in the evening to make sure I was okay after a tooth extraction.  My children have been going to him since they started getting their first teeth and they love him! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
72	1	Dr. Curry is the most wonderful dentist I have ever gone to.  We no longer live in the Omaha area so unfortunately, we had to change dentists.  One of the many things I love about Dr. Curry is that he doesn't push unnecessary procedures.  My new dentist always wants me to get some crowns placed on several of my fillings, and although I may eventually need to get some crowns, I don't feel I should have to get crowns before they are needed.  Dr. Curry never recommends unnecessary dental work, just the procedures that are needed.  In addition, he has a kind, compassionate demeanor.  We miss him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
72	-1	The staff in this office is very rude to patients as well as disorganized in handling patient appointment scheduling and billing. The office manager, Karen, is especially rude and is the daughter of this dentist. They dropped the ball on scheduling appointment I had made for February 12, 2011 at 8:50 A.M.. On one occasion, they billed my insurance company for cleaning services I already paid for. Avoid this place, as Dr. Curry has over 28,000 patients according to his office staff and you are just a number. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	I love Dr. Curry!  He is a great dentist and does amazing work! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	I have been a patient of Dr Curry for over 17 years....he is fantastic! Very patient.  He always explains the options and procedures. With any major procedures...great pain control.   The staff is awesome!  Because he's so popular ~ difficult to get immediate appts.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
72	1	Great staff, wonderful dentist. Professional and gentle. Has been my dentist for years. Laid back personality. Doesn't push procedures.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
72	1	Been going to Dr. Curry for 15 years.  I have never had occasion to complain, they are ALWAYS on time and I am usually in an out in less than 30 minutes.  Best dental experience I have ever had.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
72	1	All of my co-workers go to Dr. Curry so I decided to try him.  He is very knowledgeable and will take the time to show and explain what he finds and gives you options.  He isn't so quick to force you to get a ton of work done just because you 'may' need it.  He prefers to monitor most minor issues but does catch the problems that need attention right away.  The staff is friendly too and tries to work with your schedule. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	He is a great dentist. My kids love him.  We have had no more dentist anxiety since we switched to him.  He is very friendly and really cares.  His office staff is very helpful - top notch practice.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
72	1	He is been my dentist after a bad experience with another practicioner. So far so good, I wish he will be more warm.  He is helpful and will answer all your questions though.  I recently had a root canal and crown and didn't have any problems.  	5	3	4	5 	Insurance:Coventry
73	1	Dr. Cervantes appears to really care about me as a patient.  He does not appear to rush through my appointment. He even stays and answers all of my questions. I have reccomended him to all of my family and friends. If you want a Doctor that will be able to follow you and your family for the long term this is the one to use.  	4	5	4	5 	Insurance:Coventry
73	1	Excellent, caring physician.  Excellent nursing staff - male nurse.  Also, PA is very knowledgeable and sharing.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
73	-1	.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
73	1	Dr.C. is a good doctor in every way. He is a careing man. My family has gone to him for years,nerver a problem.Yes he can run behind (most dr.s do) but I trust him and so far I have no reason not to.  	4	5	4	4 	Insurance:Medicare
73	-1	Front staff was not friendly, I agree with the other comment.  Doctor seemed flustered and rushed.  Not impressed at all, the waiting room was somewhat dirty too.  Overall, people and doctor not overly friendly.  Not sure if I want to go back. 	1	1	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	Dr. Cervantes is very patient and considerate at all times with all my family members. I;m very confidant in his diagnosis and he never hesitates to refer you to a specialist if he feels the need too. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	He is the most kind doctor I have ever had before. He knows what he is doing and wants only the best for his patients. I will recommend Dr. Cervantes to everyone!!!! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
