dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	Very helpful and listens. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	takes all the time you need at every visit.very personable and i wish we could spread him across the country for all to have a physician like this one !He is very knowledgeable and likeable (a rare find) 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	. Friendly, caring and professional 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	I was given metaformin but3years later I'm still not able 2get pregnant.I think god is good and he will help me later on though. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	-1	He diagnosed me wrong, TWICE.  He also neglected to use gloves!  He uses old technology and methods and seems very opposed to change.  During a painful proceedure he told me if I scream he was leaving...Clenching my teeth with tears running down my face...I said that would be fine with me!  He also has a tendancey to keep high risk patients too long...and more than one ambulance ride has been caused by this!  Do NOT go to him.  	1	5	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	-1	Very crass, uncaring doctor.  He did an outpatient surgery on me, which ended up with me in the hospital for two days.  I had the same surgery done in Omaha, and was back to work the next day.  Do NOT go to him! 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	Dr. Johnson IS the best in this area. Concern for your baby is his top priority throughout your pregnancy and during delivery. He was always on time for office visits. I trust his decisions 100%. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	Dr. Johnson is the best in the area. I would (and have) trust him with my life. I try to tell people that what matters is a healthy baby not how personable your doctor is. He tells it like it is. Other area providers have had horrific outcomes with their deliveries but Dr. Johnson will do whatever needs to be done to ensure a healthy mom and baby.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	-1	Punctuality ok.He is very old-school-performing routine episiotomy,enema,shave. Most patients have inductions for his convienience and alot end up c-sections b/c of 'failed inductions'. I had a miserable birth experience with my first child and switched to a different dr 4 months into my second pregnancy b/c of dr.Johnson's refusal to discuss the risks involved with the medication he used to induce my previous delivery. I was not wild about him but he is very good at his job. Since he has been the only OB in this area for some years, he does things his way and you'd better not question him. If you are having a scheduled c-section anyway, he's great but not ideal for a good vaginal delivery if you want to go natural and have an easy time. Thanks for reading! Hope it helps you make your choice.  		3	2	2 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
3	1	PLEASE don't let people scare you away from Dr. Johnson--he can be harsh and a bit grumpy at times, but only when he is concerned for the wellbeing of you and your baby--he is the BEST in the area, and you don't want ANYONE else delivering your baby if you're in Columbus--and if there are problems during delivery at CCH, he's who they call anyway. His bedside manner is less than ideal some times, which I hope he works to improve, but medically, there is no comparison in the area for delivering babies. He is Columbus's expert on delivering babies, and he knows exactly what to do in every situation and will do what's best for you and baby. He delivered my first daughter and had we not moved away, he'd be delivering my second for sure! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	This is a great dentist. He is amazing with kids always very helpful. He is  kind and everything you'd want a children's dentist to be. He is just a great dentist and a great person all around. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	-1	His surgical skills seemed less than adequate.  I would not recommend him.  	4	3	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	-1	.  	 2/27/07		3	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	He was excellent at putting us at ease, informing us and making us feel comfortable. Pain and recovery were above our expectations, we were pleasantly surprised. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	-1	I wouldn't send my dog to this guy. Arrogant and doesn't listen. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	Great care, attention to my issue.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	Takes his time with you.  Does not rush in and out.  Very nice and knows what he is talking about.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
7	1	Great doctor!! Very helpful and has cares deeply for his patients.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
8	-1	Ignored obvious symptoms with significant results. Patient almost died due to his errors. 	3	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	Matt and everyone at this group are very helpful and really listen.  If they will do something they follow through with.  I've been to other Doctors offices and they didn't follow through with what they told me they were going to do.  I've had no problems with this group.  My husband has been a patient also with this group and they are very good at finding the problem and following through.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	-1	I went to matt for couple years, and he was great then after my pregnancy i was having horrible back pain. he put me on medication after medication, x-rays, mri's. in the end he said there was nothing that could be done and to put &quot;icy-hot&quot; on it. after seeing another doctor, and givin another mri, they caught what had been the issue the whole time. my T9 &amp; T10 discs in my back where herniated &amp; buldging. 2 thumbs down to him, for making me feel like i was faking or just being a baby.  	5	4	1	3 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
9	1	Very competent and friendly.  Interested in your life, not just what you are there for medically.  Definitely does not come off as arrogant, which I find a common trait of most MDs.  He has helped me out with both non-serious and serious illnesses in a professional, friendly manner.  	 10/24/07	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	1	Dr. Johnson is wonderful but his staff is horrible. He told me I may be having a serious health issue he had to run tests. However I can not get anyone to return my calls about what my results are. This is not the first time this has happened. When you tell someone they might be having a serious issue and the results should be availble by tomorrow I shouldn't have to wait 2 days later with no response. The last time I called the receptionist started yelling at me. I'm sorry but this is someones health they need to be more understanding, people get scared. 	1	4	5	3 	Insurance:Unknown
10	-1	This is the worst Dr. and staff i have had the misfortune to deal with. He is uncaring, he and his staff will not return calls. This has been an ONGOING problem. I have had a serious condition due to prescribed medication, and they will NOT respond.  Use someone else, because they are morons! 	1	3	1	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
10	1	Dr Johnson and his staff are always very helpful and always take the time to explain everything.  We never feel rushed and always feel a sense of relief by the time we walk out of the ofice.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	1	Great Service. Dr. Jons spent a lot of time with me and my daughter. He was inquisitive and knowledgeable. He really cares about his patients.  GREAT DOCTOR!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	1	I couldn't ask for a more caring physician.  I have out-of-town family members who go back to their respective states and wonder why they can't find as efficient and knowledgeable medical care.   He gives of himself to many in our community.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	1	He saved my baby's life. He came in on his dayoff to make sure my baby was ok. His office staff was awesome and very helpful. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	-1	not good people skills 		2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	I love her!!!!!!!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	-1	In an attempt to be treated for some very high blood pressure issues, I called for an appointment--I also needed to list Dr. J as the recipient for some results about a mass on my pelvis and probable prolapsed uterus.  Her office (and Dr. J. herself when asked) refused to make an appointment for me until an 11 yr. old bill of $118 was settled.  I find this appalling, especially as it was due to another doctor from a different clinic--accounts were somehow lumped together.  How many of you would remember an 11 yr. old bill&#63;  And how very cold to turn someone away when they need help.  I will do my very best to persuade my daughter to no longer go there.  I'm sure she won't when she hears about how her mother was treated.  Shame on you Dr. Johnson! 	3	3	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	not very proactive. if looking for an aggressive doctor, susan johnson is NOT it. 	3	2	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	I had gone to Dr. Johnson for many years, the reason I stopped is because I moved out of state. She has a great bedside manner and has been very helpful with my asthma. She is always nice and is willing to answer any questions you may have. I would recommend going to her or any of her PA's.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
15	1	Susan Johnson is excellent. I have gone to her since she began her practice in Lincoln and have never had any issues with her or her staff. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	0	I have been going to her for years and I don't know why she has a terrible bed side manner. I always request her PA over her because I know I will get somewhere. My father also see's her and she has missed major issues resulting in an amputation of his toe.. She is terrible 	5	4	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
16	-1	WORST DENTIST I HAVE EVER BEEN TO!!! The office manager is the rudest person I have ever met and VERY unprofessional. The dentist was okay but his staff made it terrible. DO NOT USE THIS DENTIST OFFICE. YOU WILL REGRET IT!!! 	1	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	Dr. Jeppesen was recommended to me by a friend...and wow...he and his entire staff met and exceeded all of my expectations.  Guess what I'm going to do...that's right...tell my friends about my wonderful experiences and recommend Dr. Jeppesen to them!!!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	-1	very poor service. Staff is very poor. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
18	0	Was scheduled for a final appointment after various series of intestinal test's. Waited at least 45 minutes and never was told by front desk staff how long the wait was going to be. Very poor communication by staff. Never did receive a diagnosis.  	1	1	4	2 	Insurance:Aetna
18	1	Dr Jones was helpful and compassionate when consulted about my digestive issues. His staff was not. He asked that I call back in two weeks to update him and I never could get through to him. Was told to make another appointment. Had specific questions re dietary issues that were brushed off. I doubt he knew any of this. I got over my problems after seeing another doctor- this one actually took the time to work with me. 	 4/14/10	2	5	4	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	Carrie,Dr. Cervantes' physician assistant, is a very helpful and caring. She will sit and chit chat with you about things that bother you without making you feel rushed and always checks all possibilities to your concerns. She always double checks when writing prescriptions even if she is confident that she is correct just to be thorough and give you the best possible care. Although you wait for a while to be seen in your room, it is worth the wait when you can be sure that you are going to be taken care of and feel comfortable with your doctor.  	2	3	5	4 	Insurance:Coventry
20	1	Requires new x-rays every visit, doesn't show them. excellent anti-infection protocol. bunion surgery went well, very little pain, great outcome.  	4	1	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	1	I have been going to Dr. Fred James since I was 5 year s old so over 30 years.  He has always been very knowledgeable and always very personable.  I have never had a problem with his treatment plan not being accurate or getting any infections.  	5	4	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	-1	I had surgery to correct a simple hammertoe and my foot has never been the same.  His technique is completely outdated..and I had a post-op infection that almost cost me a toe.  I am a young healthy person..not someone that would easily contract an infection post-op.   If you are considering surgery with this podiatrist please reconsider and get a second opinion! 	3	2	3	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
21	-1	He didn't seem to care about my issue. He just tried to get me through as fast as he could. Also, he downplayed my symptoms rather than evaluate them. 	4	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
21	-1	I have had back problems for years. After I realized my doctor was out, I went to Dr. Jones. He looked at my xrays and said my back looked healthy and normal for my age. He then proceeded to tell me to do yoga. I Went to my regular Dr the next day. I was diagnosed with arthritis, spinal stenosis and two herniated discs. Dr Jones seemed unconcerned about my health.  	5	4	1	2 	Insurance:Tricare
22	1	I loved Dr.Jimenez ,he did an awesome job on my neck surgery.He was very kind & had a great bedside manner,i understand he is no longer there but Dr.Miguel Jimenez is now the surgeon at the office. but the office help ,nurses, & my doctor went above & beyond to take care of my serious issues,he was great& you cant even see my scar! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
22	-1	. he was very undecisive 		2	1	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
23	-1	Try getting Dr. Jensen to return our phone calls after your surgery. His office staff is mean and unprofessional. He may be a good surgeon but has not a clue when it comes to after care and when things do not turn out according to plan. Beware. 	1	3	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	Dr. Ric Jensen was the surgeon that did my spinal fusion. I was very amazed by how he himself returned my calls before the surgery, he visited with me before &amp; after my surgery in the hospital, answered all my husband's &amp; my questions, most before we asked them. Told me exactly what my options were and what would be done. All my appt's were easy to make and I didn't have long waiting times. When he was unable to be there he made sure I knew which Dr. was going to be there for me. He treats you like a person not a number. He showed me my x-rays &amp; explained anything I asked about them. All Doctors should be more like Dr. Jensen. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	Very knowlegeable, does not talk down to you.  Makes sure you understand all aspects of your problem.   Great surgeon! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	-1	This woman is the absolute worst doctor I've ever visited. She should not be allowed to practice medicine. I went in because my period had lasted for three whole months without stop. She said that that wasn't the sign of a problem, it was just annoying. (Um...What&#63;) She refused to give me a proper exam, didn't look at my medical records, didn't ask me any questions. She just immediately started shoving birth control pills on me. (I am very anti medication, but she refused to acknowledge this.) I agreed to give the pills a shot, mostly because she swore up and down that there were no side effects. (LIES) I had horrible, awful side effects and when I called to ask for help she just told me to keep taking them. I didn't, because I have more sense than she does. HORRIBLE DOCTOR. (I did find out a few months down the road that I had an extremely swollen uterus because of a birth defect) 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	I've used Dr. Jacobi for several years, and she helped deliver my 2 middle children (I live in Louisiana now).  She was always prompt, answered all my questions to my satisfaction, and very supportive of my decision to have unmedicated, natural births.  She let me labor at my own pace with no interventions and suggested several different positions and techniques for easily turning baby (he was face up for a while) and for pain management. I also liked her Gyn care, as she was prompt, efficient, and helped tremendously with some abnormal test results.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
24	1	Jacobi has been my OBGYN for three years now. I have referred many friends to her. She has delivered my two children and hope she delivers anymore I have. Since moving to her new location on 192nd and dodge I would say I wait way longer in the waiting room and feel more rushed in and out. Jacobi seems to be very knowlegable and can answer all questions but doesn't explain super well.Overall she is a great doctor.  Her new office is fantastic and the hospital if phenominal! 	4	3	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	0	Dr. Jacobi is great for GYN, quick visits. I was not pleased, however, with her OB visits. She did not schedule enough time for me to feel relaxed enough to ask all my questions. I always felt I was taking too much of her time. She was usually late, or on her way to or from a delivery. She did not provide much in the way of education and explanation of options. Based on a few preferences I stated regarding childbirth, she assumed I subscribed to a whole philosophy of childbirth (which I didn't) and assumed I wanted everything according to that philosophy, resulting in a few tense moments. All that said, I was pleased with her performance in delivery itself and no real complaints there. If you are looking for a confident doctor who can take charge and tell you how everything will be done to minimize any risk at all, she may be perfect for you. If you take more of a &quot;wait and see&quot; stance to childbirth timing, etc., she is not the best fit.  	5	2	2	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
24	1	I've used Dr. Jacobi since I moved here 4 yrs ago.  I am very pleased with her &amp; her staff.  She has seen me through a miscarriage &amp; 2 births.  She always takes time to answer my questions &amp; listen to my needs.  I did natural childbirth w/ my last 2 children, and she was fully supportive of my decisions.  She was very helpful during labor to offer different ways/positions to decrease/manage pain.  She's a mother of 3 herself, so I've always felt very comfortable with her as my doctor.   Hope this helps! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
24	1	I have used Dr. Jacobi for GYN for 3 years, and this year she has also been my OB. I thought she was excellent when I just was seeing her for GYN checkups, but I do not think she spends enough time explaining and responding to questions related to my OB care. She always encourages questions and provides answers, but she her answers are often quick instead of fully reasoned. I really have to press her to get more information, and she almost always seems hurried. She also seems to be more understanding and helpful when my husband comes to the visits than when it is just me. To her credit, she does not seem to have any lack of knowledge.  	5	4	3	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
24	1	Dr. Jacobi is one of the best Ob/Gyn doctors I've ever had (and I've moved a lot).  She never rushes through an appt and always answers/addresses my questions/concerns.  Both she and her staff have a great bedside manner.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
25	1	Peggy Jones was absolutely the best doctor I have ever had. I'm only 22 and had my first baby, and I don't think it could have gone any better. Her staff is the best. They remember your name, babies name, always does small talk. Peggy will be in and out but always make sure she answers all your questions.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
26	1	Dr. Jones is amazing!  I transferred to her because I was receiving inadequete care.  She made me comfortable and reassured me me and my baby were healthy.  She was exremley pro-active with any concerns that I had.  I love love love her! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	Dr. Jones delivered all 4 of my children by cesarean.  She is truly one of a kind.  I highly recommend her but be careful, so does all her other patients . . .  she is extremely popular!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
26	1	Dr. Jones is fantastic!  She is compassionate, knowledgeable, a good listener, and has a wonderful bedside manner.   I trust her with all of my healthcare needs! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	1	Dr. Jones is the way a Dr.should be,she hears what you say. she cares,asks questions,dosnt rush you. Vary easy to talk to 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	1	In a world of Dr.'s who rush Dr. Jones is a standout.  She always gives me plenty of time to talk and ask questions.  Great caring Dr.  Truly one of a kind.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	1	He is the BEST...Very patient oriented.  A Doctor that cares.  	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
27	1	Dr Jana was very informative & professional.He answered all my questions and concerns.I had both hips replaced in 2008 they came out great.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
27	1	Dr. Jana was on time, helpful and had great bedside manners.  Was always helpful and kind each time I saw him, and would and have recommended him to other people.   his insisions heal just great!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
27	0	Very abrupt and rude.  I had gotten laid off my job and was searching for a new one at the time and all he could ask me is &quot;Why are you not working&#63;&quot;  Asked almost nothing about the issue I was there to see him for.  Offered no suggestions to help me and then dictated his notes in front of me and then walked out of the room.  Will never go back. 	4	4	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	Good doctor, listened to my problems, made an accurate diagnosis, followed up with effective treatment. 		4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
29	-1	I have gone in twice to see Dr. Jenkins. Once for an issue that was deeply effecting my performance at work that involved receiving a physical and the other for strep-like throat. On both occasions, I felt like I received the minimum care and attention (about 5 minutes for the physical and 2 minutes for the throat infection). His helpfulness and knowledge regarding the work-related issue was absolutely none. For my throat, he at least gave me some antibiotics yet never called back with the results, and, 3 weeks later, my throat is becoming infected again. 	2	4	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
29	-1	Dr.  Jenkins is not very thorough, he only spent 2 minutes with me, which I told him I thought I had a sinus infection and he just agreed with me and gave me medication without doing a checkup! This is nonsense, if we are paying so much for a doctors visit, they should at least make sure they are taking proper care of us! 	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
29	-1	Dr Jenkins and his staff don't provide good follow-up on any issue our family has had. We always had to take the initiative to get something done or to get answers or results. My wife's health became worse in the year she was in this doctor's care. Not recommended for other than minor issues. 	2	4	3	1 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	Dr. Janssen rocks. She's now with Alegent Health on Maple St, so I didn't see her at the Fremont location. She sits down with you and goes over all your concerns and is seriously supportive. She's got a great bedside manner and is very gentle and kind.  For someone like me, who is currently experiencing women's health issues, she's absolutely perfect! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
30	1	Dr. Janssen takes time to talk to you and listens to what you say.  She answers all of your questions and gives you options and explains the pros and cons of choices you need to make.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
30	1	Dr Janssen is wonderful! Very friendly, kind and knowledgeable! Would HIGHLY recommend her for anyone looking for a new doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
30	1	Pleasant, thorough, asks for input and gives options.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
31	0	Went in and informed her I had a severe headache, coughing up yellow phlegm with fevers and chills on and off. She stated maybe had a sinus infection. Back in office three days later to see her partner, since I was extremely short of breath. Made me wait in waiting room over 30 min short of breath and over 20 min in exam room. Then finally see Dr. Scott who after almost begging her to do something does a chest x ray and finds I have pneumonia. Neither gave nebulizer treatments or proper antibiotics, had to see another dr to have it properly treated. I would not every go back there again. Also, right away tried to change my current medication I had been on for years, made me feel like I was a druggy or something on the first visit. 	3	3	4	1 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	Knowledgable, kind,caring.  Highly recommend 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	1	always on time and very knowledgeable. he spent time with patient 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
33	0	my father is a patient of Dr. Jabbour, he might be a smart doctor and busy  hedoes not care about patient and did not want spend time 	2	2	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	Dr jabbour is a good doctor who cares about his patients 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
33	-1	mean spirited, this physician is not empathetic. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
34	-1	This doctor has a 'my way or the highway' approach to things. I also have a feeling he's getting some perks from pharmaceutical companies to push certain medications. I had to go to a completely different doctor to get a refill of medication I'd been using for half a year (prescribed by a doctor I'd seen while away at college,) because he refused to refill it and wanted me to try another medication. This particular medication has in no way been shown to even treat my condition! When I politely refused his nurse told me he wouldn't refill this medication and unless I was willing to change my medications and fill this prescription, to not bother coming back. I've never met such a rude nurse or such a dismissive doctor! There has to be something going on here. 	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	I have seen this doctor for over 19 years. Throughout that time we have has a myriad of procedures, children, and issues. He has always given me the attention that I needed and has gone beyond the call of duty if I was worried or frightened about my health or my unborn child. He has a dry sense of humor which may be confused as abrupt but I have no problem with it. As I stated earlier, he has always taken the best care of me and now my daughter.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
35	-1	I too had a bad experiece with this doctor.  He was recommended to me but I either went to him on a bad day or that is just the way he is.  I thought he was very abrubt and in a hurry.  He acted like that was the last place he wanted to be.  I will never go back to him and would never recommend him to anyone.  	4	4	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	1	Dr. Jurgensen is a wonderful doctor!  I was referred to him by another happy patient when I was frustrated with my then-current OB in the midst of my 2nd miscarriage.  Dr. J gave me so much time and attention to make sure I was safe (wasn't sure if it was ectopic or just a regular miscarriage) and personally called on the phone with my test results.  I've never felt so cared for before.  I did have to wait a bit in his office because he is super busy, but he was able to get me scheduled for a D&C; immediately and did follow up tests to help me figure out why I was miscarrying.  I feel like Dr. J really cares for his patients and would highly recommend him to anyone.  He has a laid back attitude, but answered all of my questions professionally and in a way that was understandable.  Dr. J is a knowledgeable, caring, professional doctor that I would recommend to any of my friends.  The office staff is wonderful and it's nice to be able to call a doctors office and not talk to a machine! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	-1	Dr. Jurgensen was the rudest doctor I have ever experienced.  While seeing him for one problem I asked him a question not related to why I was there but still in his scope of practice and he about bit my head off. I walked out of his office feeling very belittled and vowed never to return.  I have spoke with two other women who have had similar experiences.  I would not recommend him. Although he may be good at what he does, the way he treated me that day is unforgettable. 	3	3	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
