dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	This is a wonderful place, and the people are amazing. I'm 20 years old, and they found the solution to health problems I had been struggling with for years...they found my problem and solved it in tow months flat! Dr. Keefe and the Pope Paul VI Institute saved my fertility! ...though certain insurance companies refuse to consider them more than a fertility center, and refuse to cover certain things, I still highly recommend this pace... there no other one like it! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	1	Do not go to Pope Paul if you have male factor infertility or unexplained.  They will run a gamut of tests that aren't necessary and will perform lap surgery when not needed.  Unless you have endometriosis, ovulation disfunction or miscarriages, this clinic can not help. 	4	3	3	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	He is willing to go above and beyond to help get to the bottom of your health problems.  I am SO lucky I found Dr.  Kanar! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	1	Dr.  Kanar is like a long-last friend from the first time you meet him and make your life better from his extremely great bedside manner 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	She alieved numbness I had  for years that I was told I would have to live with by doctors. She adjusted my sinuses, I did not have to take anything for my allergies July-Dec when I got a cold.  She talks to you as  person not a number.  I would recomend her whole heartedly.   Sandy N 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	Dr. Kinney treated me and my opinions (I am childfree) with respect.  Gave me several treatment options.  Would recommend her and go back to see her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	Very good. Supposedly he is one of the leaders in the field. I would go to him even if I lived in Russia (some people in Russia do make the trip to see him.) Extremely knowledgeable, friendly, and experienced.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
5	-1	this doctor is very poor if he has a patient that is a little overweight he will tell them that that they are fat and that they need to lose a ton of weight this man is unethical in his practices and he is untruthful to his patients.  he will tell them what he thinks in his mind with no thought to the patient.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
5	1	I would never change him as a Doctor. I have even moved away but I will make the drive to come back when needed.  I am not rich and he has never been disrespectful to me or my family. Waiting takes a little time but it is worth his experience and expertise.  He does not mutter he is a little hard to understand because of his accent. 	5	1	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	I know this doctor personally. He is fully dedicated, highly experienced and a very sincere, friendly person. Go see him and you will be in awe of his service to you. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	I am VERY happy with Dr. Khan. I don't feel a patient's income has any bearing on the level of care he gives. He is very knowledgeable and caring. Explained details of my surgery very well.  I would most highly recommend him!! 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	-1	Dr. Khan is an absolute jerk. I went to see him and I realized all the comments are convincing. Yep, plays favorites. And keeps muttering. The people at the reception desk are very insensitive. I went to another doctor and was quiet pleased with the service. Avoid this doctor at all cost. You will come out feeling very low unless you are a rich client. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
5	-1	I agree with the previous comment. At first, he will seem like a nice person but once you are his patient, he will treat you indifferently. If you are rich, you will get the respect. Everyone else are nothing. There are lots of otehr doctors, a lot better than him. 		2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	Dr. Khan has an outstanding knowledge and regard for his patients. 		4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	-1	Good doctor terrible staff. Over a two week timeframe I've made 3 specific requests for paperwork, still have not received what I need and now after the 3rd request the doctor is not in the office. If my request had been handled correctly the first time, or heck even the second time, I would not be delayed another day with Dr. Keim out of the office. I like the doctor but her staff can not or will not process your requests accuratly or timely. The MOST frustrating service I have gotten from anyone you can't even call it service because they do not help. Again I reccomend the doctor, too bad you have to deal primarily with the staff. 	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	Dr. Keim is very helpful, patient and listens well. I have not found this to be true of the staff or some of the nurses in her office. But she's worth the hassle. 	2	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	If it weren't for Dr.Kettlehut I would still be going every month to the Cancer Center to get monthly IVIG and suffering with the horrible side effects. Because of Dr. KETTLEHUT I now infuse IGG subqutaniously every week in the comfort of my home with much less severe side effects! Dr. Kettlehut has made my life with chronc illness so much more barable.  Thanks a million for all you do! 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	-1	maid what i thought was to many apoitments that cost to much. I would have to pay for a number of visits just to have him send me somewhere else to have a test done and pay for that visit. Not happy with my results ended up seeking help somewhere else. 	5	4	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
7	-1	Unprofessional comments to patient not related to reason for visit. 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	I've been going to Dr. Kirke since he opened his origial office.  He's always been great.  I did go to another dentist once that was highly recommneded to me, but went back to Dr. Kirke after one visit.  He &amp; his staff are very nice and easy going.  He has a life long customer with me.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
8	1	I've been seeing Dr. Kirke now for a couple of years. He has a first rate facility and the latest in equipment.  The staff is always friendly, competent, and efficient.  Dr. Kirke listens and answers any questions without being rushed.  I've had several crowns done or re-done by he and his staff.  Great job on the crowns.  Teri always does my cleanings and she doesn't cause any pain, is always upbeat, and likes to chat.  The front desk is friendly and efficient.  Cinda is always helpful.  My appointments are always right on time.  No waiting.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
8	1	The doctor was amazing!!!! Everyone at the office, particularly the girls up front, were a tremendous help and very knowlegable. The patients seemed to be of all ages and were handled in the appropriate manner. Office was very timely... 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	I don't think hes arrogant Confident maybe Made me a real nice set of dentures and had good service.  love hes staff also Real nice girls 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
8	0	He is very arrogant. I thought he treated his staff terribly. He hardly take any time to talk to you. If I have something wrong - he definitely didn't look long enough to notice. 		3	3	2 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	My kids even love going to the dentist. He is very friendly, professional and gets the job done right the first time. His staff is awesome! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	One of the friendliest doctors I've ever visited.  He really spent time getting to know me and my needs.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	-1	He rolled his eyes at me too, and told me my problems were psychological. When I got to Mayo Clinic I was correctly diagnosed.  I wasted three years and a lot of money trying to get correctly diagnosed in Nebraska. The only reason I'm back to work now is because of the neurologist at Mayo.  My experience with Kniss was the most humiliating of my life. 	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
10	-1	Dr was very rude. Rolled his eyes at me several times. Acted offended when i spoke. Offered me little to to no hope and blamed my diagnosis on genetics. Put me on a medication i've already tried. Needless too say, i wouldnt recommend him due to his unproffesional demeanor to me. I am not paying someone big bucks who rolls his eyes at me and only gives me a 20 minute initial visit. 	4	5	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	Was sent to Dr. Kniss after a bad experience with previous Dr. found his staff and himself wonderful.  Dr. spent almost an hour and a half with me on my first visit, answered all my questions and recommend the additional testing that should have been done in the first place.  His staff promptly made my appoints to accommidate my home location and insurance coverage.  A diagnosis was made and I have now started treatment to help prevent it from worsening.  I am very thankful I was sent to such a caring Dr. and staff.  He gave me all my options and let me discuss them with my family and helped line up the treatment right away.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
10	1	The doctor himself was personable, knowledgeable and pleasant. The staff is brusque and impersonal.  The nurse acted irritated that I wanted the paper sheet on the table changed (it was wrinkled, so probably used). They don't bother to return calls, even though the Dr. says to call with questions. The information packet they send you is 90% about how to pay and 10% about everything else, so it's obvious what concerns them most. The form tells you nothing about what to expect at the visit, which, if you don't do your research ahead of time, consists of electrical shocks and needles in your muscles, which is not fun.  The only way I knew not to use lotions before the visit was from an online site. I will drive to another city next time rather than use this group.  Very frustrating experience.  	1	5	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	1	Great service and great treatment.  The office had actually been awarded a 5 Star Award for their patient care and customer service and it showed.  The staff was very friendly and helpful and the doctor knew his stuff and was very good at what he does.  I have been adjusted by other chiropractors who couldn't adjust my neck but Dr. Kallio had no problems treating me.  I felt incredible after my treatment and the exercises he showed me really helped to.  I would highly recommend Dr. Kallio to anyone who needs a chiropractor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	1	I felt compelled to rate Dr Keit on the care she provides after reading what the other two entries stated.  I do not think they are talking about the same doctor.  Dr Keit treated my father who had prostate cancer and I could not have asked for better care!!!  She was the only doctor we meet with that accurately diagnosed my fathers condition and explained ALL treatment options, not only radiation.  Without her I don't think my father would have gotten the treatment he needed.  My family and I will be eternally grateful for everything she has done for us.   She is an excellent doctor and goes above and beyond for all her patients!!  Would not trade her for ANYTHING!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	-1	This doctor just does not properly care for her patients and has a terrible bedside manner.  My family member has seen her repeatedly and each time has received low quality care.  My family member is trying to deal with a serious illness, with complication factors and after seeing Dr. Keit, is always more bothered and more stressed.  Dr Keit does not listen.  I think Dr Keit does not take the proper time to explain things, and she also acts very rude.  We will not see Dr Keit again and are going to a different clinic now, just due to Dr. Keit and her bad practice.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	-1	I do not re-act as most people do with different types of treatments,  because of that I felt Dr Keit did not want to look for something 'out side of the box'  I felt she wanted me to respond to all treatments like everyone else and because I did not, I feel she did not want to look further, to my knowledge twice she prescribed medications I was allegic to, even with my alergies listed in large red ink.  She appeared upset with me because of it. I felt when seeing her she was arrogant and I felt she dismissed my pain and  confusion.    I feel that if my re-actions and healing comformed to that of most peoples I would have gotten better care but because I do not I have been dismissed and ignored.   I would not recommend her to anyone.  I do not trust her.  	3	2	1	2 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
12	1	 	4	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	Doctor Kingston did my cancer surgery and was right there the next morning to check on me and has a wonderful bedside manner. I would recommend him to anyone. He is a straight shooter, doesn't beat around the bush and I like that in a doctor. He takes all necessary precautions as well. I'd go to him again. He was wonderful.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	1	 	5	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
14	-1	.  	5	5	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	1	Just met Dr. Kahn about 3 weeks ago and feel like I've known him for long, long time....sooo patient, explains everything to the fullest..adds a little humor to your situation...very polite and respectful..highly recommend Dr. Khan who needs a cardiologist..  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
15	1	My experience was positive.  Dr. Kahn is caring and explains what is happening well.  The one thing I would change is the time it takes from testing to receiving those results was in my view excessive.  I had to call more than once to get my test results for the stress test and the cartorid artery test.  The results were given to me more than one week after the tests were performed.  Given that one of these test resulted in surgery (angioplasty and stent)the test was  significant and should have been read sooner in my opinion.  Once the results were in things moved very swiftly.  	4	2	4	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
15	1	No words can explain what an awesome doctor Dr. Khan is.  He takes the time to sit with his patient and talk about all concerns and makes the patient understand things in layman's terms by giving cool examples.  He has the best sense of humor and his staff and wife are the next best thing to the office visit. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	Dr Khan is the best cardiologist.  He is busy but that is because he takes care of his own patients, he doesn't push them off to a partner when he doesn't want to be at the hospital. Even if you don't see him in your room he is there checking your charts and following your care. He has caught errors other doctors have made and corrected them (saving a life or surely more than one in the process).  Unlike most doctors he &quot;takes his own calls&quot; when the nurses need to call him at night for something.  If you want the best cardiologist in Omaha, go to Dr. Khan...he is smart, extremely knowledgeable in areas way beyond cardiology, will answer your questions in detail and explain things so you understand them, not with a bunch of lingo you don't know.  He also has a great sense of humor and is very kind and caring, not arrogant at all and patient with senior citizens (who, after all, are a large part of his client base).  If Dr.  Khan is your cardiologist your heart is in good hands! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
15	1	Very knowledgeable and capable.  Very busy schedule which limits his time with patients but will slow down to clarify if you have questions.   The staff is courteous and on time as a general rule 	5	5	5	4 	Insurance:Medicare
15	-1	Did not get the normal stress test that I expected or that my primary Doctor thought I was getting. Instead I felt like I was in a factory. I had normal blood pressure, no diabetes, do not smoke. He then wanted to do an angiogram which did not think necessary, but he said at my age he wanted to do one, if I was 35 he said he would wait and see. I did not trust his opinion and wanted records transfered to another Cardiologist and it never happened. Find another doctor as their statements are on your health records.  	2	3	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	1	very nice doctor , but I'm not sure about his knowledge because when i saw him a few years ago, he was not certified (I'm not sure this is the right term) in cardialogy. 	4	4	4	3 	Insurance:Unknown
16	0	One of the most egotistical doctors ever.  No compasion or understanding what so ever.  His staff is condesending and rude. 	1	1	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	Dr Kluza is a consumate professional. He is very friendly and great with children. His staff is suberb.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
17	1	It's a bit of a drive from where I live, but I really enjoy the dr, his staff and the location.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
17	1	this is in response to the comments made from 11 - 05 . i was there the day Mrs Aiken brought her 3 yr old in for her first filling , and believe me , the little girl was doing just fine until the grandmother ( Mrs Jacobsen ) came into the office . she did nothing but yell at her daughter in the reception room . Scared my 9 year old half to death . She was very rude to the receptionist (Jo) and then she burst into the exam room and yelled at her granddaugher and made her cry ! Dr. kluza tried his best to calm everybody down but then the mother entered and started yelling which scared the little girl even more ! i have never , in my 17 yrs as being a nurse , have seen 2 adult women act in such a poor manner ! The only thing that little girl should remember from that day is how rude her mother and grandmother were to the entire office . I am sure she did fine at another office , and she would have been just fine in the hands of Dr. kluza . we highly recommend him , children and adults ! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	Great guy. Very helpful and knowledgeable, very good with children. would recommend.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
17	1	 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	-1	This dentist does not do well with children. I caution you, never to bring you child to this dentist. His training taught him, that you need to be stern, but what I experienced was beyond.He was to do a filling for my 3 year old. He advised since she was so young, they would not use novocaine. I walk into the room, to find that he used it anyway, and of course my child was crying for me. He then pushed her back into the seat very forceful and I could not believe my eyes! I stormed out of there with my child. It was the most horrible experience, but without a witness it would be my word against his. I did not know what to do. She still remembers that horrible incident to this day, and she is almost 5 years old. We took her to a wonderful new pediatric dentist and everything was perfect. I can not believe this dentist would title his office as a family dentisty. Do not ever take your child here. 		3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
18	-1	Absolutely the rudest meanest doctor I've ever seen.  He has issues and is very abusive. 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
18	-1	Very rude and condescending. Need to have a more caring approach to his clients. No compassion or people skills what so ever. Will be-little you without regard to your feelings. Had 4 appointments with him and found this every time. Not just an off day. 		5	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
18	-1	Dr. Kandel is very rude and arrogant. He is not interested in helping patients. 		5	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	The best always has time for his patients, wonderful will alway go back when need to!!! Thank you 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	Best doctor I have ever had.  Kind, cheerful, caring,with great results for my condition.  Cannot think of enough good to say about him, his partner, and all his staff.When visited after an accident I could not turn my head; my back was very painful; but after his excellent care I am once again a whole person.  I thank God for his help in giving this man the knowledge he uses.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	1	I think Dr. Karmazin is great and he was very helpful in getting me referred to another dentist when i moved out of town. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	Awesome amount of knowledge.  Two of my kids have a rare genetic disease and this doc even comes to fundraiser events for it.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	He is great.  He has always gone above and beyond for my 2 kids.  He listens and looks at their history and has always been 100% right! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	Dr. Krenzer is awesome. She may have a bit of a wait, 30 min on average, but it is well worth it. I recently took my 9 month old in for a well check and had brought my 3 year old who had just that morning developed a fever. My 3 year old ended up throwing up in her office and Dr. Krenzer took a look at her too and cleaned her up and even gave her a little patchwork quilt to take home. She really cares about my children and takes the time to answer questions or go that extra mile.  I would def recommend!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
22	1	Very kind and helpful. My daughter was sick with a recurring illness for months and I lived out of town she was very helpful in arranging care for her and she called me all the time to keep me updated. When I call her office and want to speak with her directly she always calls me back.  She is very knowledgable and caring and she is very good with my daughter 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	I saw several other doctors prior to seeing Dr. Klawitter and she is very comperable in terms of knowledge and experience.  I would definitely recommend her, regardless of what others have said here.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
23	1	I went to several Doctors before I visted Dr. Klawitter and no one could help me.  I had constant foot pain for over 2 years.  Another doctor wanted to do Surgery but Dr. klawitter solved my problem by making a casting my feet and creating custom inserts for my shoes to correct the way I walk..wow what a difference..back to normal and no pain...Thank you Dr. Klawitter.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	-1	I have also had lots of problems with her.  She's still not board certified.  Don't be fooled by the &quot;board certification&quot; listed on her website. She has not been certified by either of the two boards recognized by the American Podiatric Medical Association.  See apma.org for the boards recognized by the APMA 	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	Very pleased with Dr Klawitter and staff. Had to wait about 20 minutes to see her. Other than that, the experience was pleasant. Dr Klawitter is very knowledgable and helpful.Would refer her to a friend.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
23	-1	I went to see this doc for foot pain.  Without much of an evaluation she wanted to do surgery.  I got the feeling she didn't really want to listen - just wanted to railroad me into more treatment than was necessary.  She seemed very flighty.   I got a second opinion at another doctor.  He was much better - no surgery was needed and pain is gone.   Since my experience I've heard other complaints about her practice from acquaintances.   I would avoid Ms. Klawitter if at all possible.  	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
23	-1	Staff changes every time you go in there must not be a good sign. I felt like the podiatrist didn't want to try a conservative method and jumped right into wanting to do surgery on me. I also have an friend of a friend she did surgery on and she did 4 procedures on her on the same hammertoe had to go to someone else in omaha to have correct wouldn't recommend this lady to anyone.  	2	2	2	1 	Insurance:Coventry
23	1	Beth is a great doctor.  I am happy I was referred to her.  She knows her stuff.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	-1	Dr. Klawitter is not knowledgable as a doctor nor does her &quot;bedside&quot; manner give a patient most faith in her expertise. 	5	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	Dr Klawitter and her staff have been great to work with.  I've always been met with a smile. When I had questions regarding my hammertoe surgery and after care/recovery, Dr Klawitter answered what I asked and in most cases shared more indepth information to help me understand the &quot;bigger picture&quot; of my procedure.   I would highly recommend them! 	5	3	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	I have had very good service and am very satisified with Dr. Klawitter's work.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	-1	This doctor have a clue was she was talking about. She basically tries to sell you new feet. Not even board certified. People really should look into that. I have come to find out from a friend of mine she did surgery on now is on disability from multiple surgeries this lady has done. Definetly not a good Podiatrist.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	1	Dr. Keiser listened to my concerns and came to the proper conclusion for my injuries.  His surgical skills are awesome.  I felt I was in very good hands with this dr.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
24	1	. VERY NICE & VERY GOOD CARE 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	Mark is very good, goal is to get you better without meds.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Assurant
26	1	The most caring, painless experience. Every patient is cared for individually, pain tolerence is different for everyone, Ivan K caters to YOU! His staff is very accomodating and filed my insurance which they normally do not honor, they were superb, very trustworthy.  AAA+ 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
27	1	I went to see Dr Komp because I was having daily headaches. He covered all the bases and I was feeling great after the first visit. I certainly recommend him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	-1	Dr. Kotula seems to intentionally create unneccessary patient appointments and has absolutly no concern regarding the patient's schedule, work habbits, lifestyle or care to explain treatment plans to the patient or patient's significant other.  Dr. Kotula's bedside manner is abrupt, unsensitive and flat-out rude.  Moreover, Dr. Rudolph Kotula's refusal to prescribe life-long (and most importantly) life sustaining medication REFILLS in a timely, prompt and courteous manner, in my opinion, is outragously unethical, irresponsible and completely unaccetable.    After ordering a background check on Dr. Rudolph Kotula it appears that he is NOT board certified in the practice of Infectious Disease Medicines (Health Grades®).  	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
29	1	Dr. Kugler has been our son's doctor for all of his 28 years.  Overall, we have been very pleased with his services and medical knowledge. The decisions that have been made concerning our son's health and long-term care, in his cardiac care have been life-saving. We would refer our family and friends to Dr. Kugler and his team. Thank you.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
30	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	Dr. Kaufman is awesome!  He is knowledgable and has great ideas.  He never rushes our appointments.  I would highly recommend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	Very informative, and personable. Willing to go the lengths to maintain understanding and provides very budget friendly advice. My 6 year old has seen him for 2 years, he was able to take her off 11 meds and provide her with 3 and with a much better outcome. The waiting is a bit longer than other places, but the amount of time he spends communicating and brainstorming out weighs the long waits. I'm glad we found a doctor who truly cares for his patients with a great deal of compassion.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	1	This doctor was extremely helpful.  After seeing several physicians for a complicated problem, I felt like he was the only one who thought about it for more than the required 15 minutes.  He even did research for me and typed out a report and mailed it to me.  His treatment worked too.  So I'm very impressed.  However, I would plan on bringing something to do to keep you busy.  Even when I was the second appointment of the day I had to wait a lot longer than I expected and that was worse on later appointments.  He spent a good deal of time with me though so in my opinion it's worth it.  I would recommend him.  	4	1	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	1	Doctor is very kind and down to earth. He listens patiently to his patient and is always available. Excellent surgeon and compassionate doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
33	1	 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	I made several visits and each time the staff was very courteous and helpful.  Each time I came in I had a very short waiting period. During that time there was plenty of reading material and a tv to watch, if I chose to. The doctor was very helpful and answered all questions I had. She explained everything as she performed the procedure. Before I left,she made sure I understood everything about my treatment.  The doctor and her staff made my visits very comfortable and not stressful as I normally am during a dental visit. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	Have seen Dr. Kirsch for 10 years.  Highly recommended. Staff is friendly, courteous and professional.  All that you need or want in an OBGYN can be found in this doctor and his staff.  Have recommended this doctor to friends for ten years and  with confidence will continue to do so.  Exceptional doctor and staff.  Exceptional.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	1	I've been seeing Dr.Kirsch for 6yrs. now. He delivered both my children. First was a normal delivery where he did great and second was an emergency c-section. He was wonderful in both cases and couldn't say better things about him. I recommened him to anyone looking for an ob and have referred a few people to his office. Now for the downside, but no a deal breaker. (for me) Dana, who you see when Dr. Kirsch isn't available is really snooty. I feel uncomfortable and while you can tell she is trying to be nice it's just that, pretending. I always appriciate when the staff let me know who I will be seeing so I can schedule it with Dr.Kirsch. Front desk staff are very nice and always enjoy visiting with the when I come in.  Excellent dr! Glad to be his patient! 	3	5	5	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	-1	I had to drive 2 1/2 hours for this appointment and take a day of paid time off from work when he could have called me and told me the same thing over the phone. He could not help me and refered me to another clinic.  Total time in his office 1/2 hour with a total of 10 minutes with him!! Worthless!!! 	4	3	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	1	Dr. Kirsch delivered all four of my children.  I think I went to like 6 different OB's before I found him.  He is truly wonderful and has always been so thorough.  When I had pre-eclampsia in one of my pregnancies, he was very good at easing all my fears and although my twins had to come early, he did everything he could to give them a healthy start and they are doing great today.  Highly recommend.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
35	1	they know what they r doing, may have your apt resched over and over but they are usualy nice about it 	3	3	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	I loooove Dr. Kirsch (as a doctor, of course :). He is professional but very personable and really puts me at ease - which is a big deal, considering what happens while you're at the ob... His bedside manner is probably his best feature, in my opinion.  He was recommended to me by friends at work, both of whom had complicated pregnancies and swore by him.  He delivered both of my children, and I trust him to answer my questions without ever scaring me or making me feel stupid. I like that his practice is small and that he answers the phone after hours and on weekends.  I feel like he really does know me. I love Dr. Kirsch.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
35	1	He is very helpful and truly concerned about his patients and his staff are very polite. He is awesome!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	I myself am Dr. Kirsch's APRN.  While i am biased i would like to think we have an amazing clinic. We try very hard to provide excellent customer service at all times. While I have read all the comments I would remind all readers that everyone occasionally has bad days and it happens to me occasionally too. I am sorry if i offended anyone. I try and be personal and use personal experiences to relate to my patients. I hope that this makes patients feel more at ease. We welcome any comments (positive and negative) so that we may constantly review ourselves to make sure our patients are getting the best possible care. Feel free to contact me at anytime to discuss any.problems you may have. Thanks, Dana Peterson APRN 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	-1	Dr. Kirsch was the on-call doctor who delivered my baby.  My experience was horrible.  He was unprofessional &amp; cruel.  It was 2am &amp; I overheard the nurse say that he was mad that he had to get up for a delivery.  A level 3+ episiotomy was done immediately.  He removed the placenta by hand rather than waiting for contractions to deliver.  He stitched me up before the nurse could give me a local &amp; did not completely stitch the episiotomy cut.  The brief time he worked on me was excrutiating, &amp; unnecessary.  I literally still have scars from my time with Dr. Kirsch.  	4	1	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	1	dr kirsch delivered all 3 of my children via c-section. ive seen him since i was a teenager and really like him. i do wish he wouldnt have been so quick to a c-section with my first child. baby wasnt in distress nor was i. i dont think it was necessary but i i trusted him. w/ the second one he didnt want me to have a VBAC and by the time i was pregnant with the 3rd i was told i couldnt. not true. dont get me wrong i really really like dr kirsch and most of his staff! i trust him with my life as well as my babies! he is good.  and im SO thankful i dont have to deal with his (now) ex wife as a back up dr!! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
35	1	The office is great, the staff is great.  Dr. Kirsch is wonderful.  My only complaint is at my last visit I saw the nurse practitioner.  She seemed annoyed at the fact that there were no tissues in the room and she was very rude to the nurse about it.  Unprofessional to belittle the nurse and talk down to her in front of me.  Otherwise, it's a very good office and superb staff.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	1	Dr. Kirsch delivered both of my children via c-section.  He is an excellent surgeon and I was up and out of the bed the same day as the procedure.  He or is APRN are always available after hours.  I have noticed that the office could use a some management of the APRN and nursing staff as their personal issues to tend to interfere with patient care at times.  However, I can not say enough good things about Kirsch himself and his knowledge of his practice area.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	1	I LOVE Dr. Kirsch!  He is the best OB I have gone to ever.  He is personable, knowledgable, and really cares about his patients.  You can call after hours and reach him or his APRN without having to page them or go through an operator.  I had a complicated pregnancy and a c-section and he took excellent care of me!  My husband liked him too!  I can't say enough great things about him.  I also felt like he was confident, yet conservative on his treatment choices. He erred on the safe side in my opinion.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	1	I have never had to wait very long or felt rushed during an appointment. Very friendly and open to discussion. Took the time to get to know me and ask questions.  	3	4	4	4 	Insurance:CIGNA
35	1	I never had to wait. he answered my questions and then I was on the road again. I ended up having a C-section and had no problems at all. I was up walking like normal almost by the time I went home from the hospital.  	5	5	4	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
35	-1	He severed my ureter during surgery, didn't recognize it and didn't identify it for over a week.  I was in great pain and could have died. 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
35	0	I went to Kirscht until my 6th month of pregnancy.  It was time to take a gestational diabetes test and they told me that I'd get the results within the week.  It took a month for the results and I was the one who had to call to get them.  Nobody in their office apologized.  The nurse was sick and coughing, sniffling and complaining about having to work while she was sick.  I guess my results were late because she was sick and the doctor was out of town&#63;  That was what I was later told.  My results were positive for gestational diabetes and I would have liked to have known ASAP.  It literally took four weeks to get my results.  Also, at one visit my legs were up and he was doing the exam and then took a call on his cell phone from Pella Windows.  He then continued talking to them and when he was done with the call, he told me that he was remodeling his home and had to take that call!  There are much better doctors in the area.  	2	3	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	1	I would highly recommend this doctor he is very friendly and caring.  I have never had to wait too long for an appointment and once I am in the room he is usually there within a few minutes.   I have never had a better expirence with another GYN 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
35	1	Dr. Kirscht is the best OB-GYN I have ever been to in my life. He always makes me feel as if I am his only patient. Sits and talks for a long time, asks about my life, etc. and then is most professional and respectful during the exam. He delivered both of my children as well and I could not have asked for a better experience with a doctor. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	-1	Rude.  I was having bleeding with a pregnancy and very worried.  I called her on a weekend and she was put off.  She said if you lose it, you lose it.  At an appointment, I asked her about taking Exedrin for migraines and she told me to take a narcotic instead (Tylenol with codiene)  When I asked if that was safe for the baby, she said &quot;do whatever you want to do, whatever damage you can do, you have already done.&quot;  I never returned and found another OB. 	3	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	You will not find a more professional and thorough doctor.  Dr. Kratoska truly cares about the well-being of her patients. She is fantastic physician and a has become a dear friend.  I would not use any other OBGYN and I would recommend her to any woman who wants excellent care. She is absolutely the finest female OBGYN in Omaha.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	1	Dr Kratoska is extremely knowledgeable and looks out for her patients above all else.  She delivered all three of my children.  She is very smart and compassionate, though she has been ill herself and sometimes she is tired and you can tell she does not feel well herself.  I think people misinterpret her bedside manor.  I had complications with my middle child and she bent over backwards to care for me and involved another specialist to assist.  She took great care of me. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
36	-1	I felt I was not listened to when I complained to her. Later, my condition became more serious. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	best adjustment I've had and very pleasant and knowledgeable. I have had several appointment. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	Dr Kruszka doesn't waste time, but he doesn't rush. He is no-nonsense when it comes to examinations and procedures, but he has a polite demeanor and always offers complete answers and explanations to concerns or questions. His staff is also polite, kind, and helpful.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	1	He's the best doctor. I had a stilborn and I really appreciate how he handled it and how caring he was. He also delived my living daughter through c section. I couldn't think of one bad thing to say about this doctor. Highly recomended.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
38	1	Dr. Kruszka is always very responsive and attentive. I trust him very much.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
38	1	Love him! He has delivered all 3 of my children, he does his own ultrasounds, does his own deliveries. I will never consider going to another OB.  He returns calls quickly.  I can not speak more highly about him.  I have recommended him to several of my friends and they love him too.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
38	1	He is very nice, understanding and takes his time with patients.  He is attentive and always happy to answer questions.  One of the best doctors I've ever had.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	1	EXCELLENT! Friendly, Knowledgable, Caring. I would recommend Dr. Kuyper. Treats me like a person and not just another &quot;patient&quot;.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	1	Fantastic Dr.  Truely cares and is very knowledgeable.  His staff is very helful and I never had to wait.  Made being pregnant less stressful than I thought it would be. I would HIGHLY recommend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	1	Dr. Kuyper is a wonderful caring Doctor! He truly cares for his patients,they're not just numbers to him. Highly recommend Dr. Kuyper to all my friends and family,a truly wonderful Doctor!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
39	1	Dr. Kuyper is really a good person and he cares about his pationts situations. I highly recommend him as an OB doctors. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
40	-1	What a doctor, what a country! The dentist told me that he would write me all the hydrocodone prescriptions I could handle if I split the pills with him 50/50, which I did. He told me he had one female patient who has had every tooth in her head worked on by him just so she can keep receiving his hycdrocodone scripts. But beware, when he thinks you might pose a risk to him by talking too much, he'll give you an antibiotic he knows you are allergic to apparently believing you might have an allergic reaction. That's what he did to me. Intentionally&#63; You decide. The antibiotic was Penicilin and he gave me but two pills, packaged in the smallest manilla envelope I've ever seen, just large enough to hold the two tablets. An unmarked manilla envelope. When I took the tablets and had some strange side effects, I telephoned him asking him if they were Penicilin, since I was never told this. Dr. Krause admittted they were. BEWARE 	1	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	A great dentist. Does excellent work, gentle, shows compassion for his patients, goes above and beyond what is expected, plus has a great sense of humor. I highly recommend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	-1	Dr. Krause and his partner, Dr. Franco are a real life Nazi and Italian Mafioso in the dental profession. I kid you not. Krause is a drug addict and by far the worse of the two. His dental practice is nothing but a front for the Nazi Party in Nebraska where is mother, Eleanor Krause, OWNS the judicial system thanks to her work poisoning five year olds with heroin in the 1970s. On Krause's behalf, he was raped as a teenager by police (arranged by his former Hitler Youth mother) and has psychological issues which go on forever and is in need of intense psychiatric care. He poisoned a patient who was a friend of his and fellow rape victim of same mentioned above with an antibiotic Krause knew the man was allergic to. He showed this same man a fake x-ray Krause took himself to make the man believe he had a radio transmitter in his jaw. Franco's sister, Mary is his receptionist and with her son who is an Omaha prosecutor, makes certain none of them are brought to justice. Investigate!!! 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	Dr. K is the BOMB!  She is very knowledgable, she LISTENS to what I have to say.  She is current on new treatments and herbal supplements.  Been seeing her for 16 years and wouldn't dream of leaving her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
41	1	Dr. K loves her patients and is always there to help. She is friendly and remembers everything about you. I've never had a time when I was upset with her, or her staff. I've been a patient for over 15 years.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
42	-1	I originally went to Dr. Kenney 6 years ago with my first pregnancy. My regular doctor sent me to his office for ultrasounds. I really thought Dr. Kenney was nice. Boy, was I wrong.    Fast forward to 6 years later. My second pregnancy was more difficult. I ended up having a miscarriage. I thought Dr. Kenney was going to be sympathetic or at least nice. He wasn't. He said bluntly and repeatedly, &quot;This isn't a viable pregnancy&quot; &quot;Just because the sperm and egg come together, doesn't mean anything.&quot; He didn't say &quot;I'm sorry for your loss&quot; He acted like it was no big deal and that it didn't matter whatsoever. He is not a good person. If you want a kind doctor, Dr. Kenney is not the person to go to. He'll only pretend to care about you if you will be giving him business, if not, you're just a wast of his time. And he lets you know that.    This guy is a jerk and a living heart donor. He doesn't care about his patients. Don't go to him if you want a caring doctor because he certainly isn't one.  	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
42	-1	I would recommend Dr. Kenney for anyone with a complicated pregnancy. He was with me every step of the way with my first child and while I hope my second pregnancy is far easier, I will definitely miss him as doctor.  Make sure you ask him to take a minute and answer your questions and he will be more than willing. Otherwise, he will assume you don't have any and move on because he is extremely busy! 	5	3	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	Dr. Kenney did not make me wait and took the time to explain everything. He answered all of my questions and reassured me that everything was okay. He and his staff are polite and helpful. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
42	-1	Did not take time to notice babies fatal condition that could have been prevented if looked harder on ultrasound 	4	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	Awesome Doc!  Very kind and knowledgable! After 2 deliveries I am still with him and would only trust him and his awesome Nurse Sally! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	AWESOME doctor!!!  His knowledge and professionalism is definitely worth the wait in the office.  Nurse Sally rocks too! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	He has delivered 3 out of 5 of my children.  He did an amazing job! 1 natural &amp; 2 v-backs.   The best OBGYN I know!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
43	1	He is by far the best doctor I have worked with. When other doctors concluded that I can never have a baby, he worked with me through 3 difficult surgeries, helped keep my confidence up and finally delivered my first baby. I would highly recommend him.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
43	1	He is very good - i had been going to doctors for almost 5 years trying to figure out what was wrong with me and he had it figured in less than 30 mintues.  Biggest complaint would be that he is VERY busy and you always have to wait to go back to a room when you show for an appointment. 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	I am a labor and delivery nurse and have worked closely with this Dr in many situations. He is one of the only people I fully entrust my life to. He is extremely intelligent and truly cares about his patients. He is my personal OB/GYN and delivered my daughter and some of my friend's babies too.  I would recommend him to anybody! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
43	1	he is, without hesitation, the one and only OB I would want to deliver my children. He may not always be on time (what OB is&#63;), but he's there when it counts, even when it means rushing across town to be there for an emergency delivery. His bedside manner is fantastic, he knows his business, and he'll keep your spirits up through difficult pregnancies, tough deliveries, and scary test results. He's definitely my &quot;go to guy&quot; for female medical issues.  His staff is awesome as well! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
43	1	I thought he was so fantastic...made me very comfortable, explained everything that was going on (even drew pictures, ha!).  I would see him again! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	I have had the opportunity to see this doctor work. He is an expert in his field, and is very kind to his patients. He doesn't always run on time, but with unexpected things going on in surgery and labor and delivery, I understand that. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
43	-1	The Doctor always failed to meet at appointment time. I had to wait at least 45 minutes to an hour, despite I managed to show up on appointment time. In my personal experience, I found lot of miscommunication about prescription and the treatment from doctor's office. After my bad experience, personally I will not highly recommend anyone. There are some few other well known OB/GYN doctors work at same office location, I have heard highly about them. Hope this helps. 	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
44	-1	Dr Kabalin is one of the most unprofessional physicians in the valley.  I would never utilize his services nor would I allow my friends or family to see him.  Beware! 	4	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
45	0	Does not act like very professional; does not make correct diagnois 	 2/10/11	1	5	1	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	Dr. Kline literally saved my life.  What other Dr.s couldn't figure out in months he figured out in less than 30 minutes.   He is the best! 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
45	1	After searching for an answer to my lifetime of chronic, painful symptoms for several years, Dr. Klein had a logical explanation inless than a half hour.  While other doctors won't even acknowledge that Fibromyalgia is real nor know how to treat it, Klein is up to date on this area and knowledgable about it.  Although we got off to a rough start due to my being late for the first appointment, he has a professional yet kind manner.  I've seen him twice a year now for 7 years.  Only possible negative is that, like most doctors, he's unimpressed by nutrition supplements and herbs which I feel have helped me tremendously, perhaps more than his prescriptions and treatment.  But altogether, treatment, supplements, and exercise all seem to have made it possible to work and live with minimal pain at this point.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	1	Have been a patient of Dr. Klein for over ten years and find him to be an excellent physician, knowledgeable, caring, interested in your problem, able to speak at your level, readily refers if need be.   One of Omaha's best physicians! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	I've had two appointments with Dr. Klein due to bursitis.  He is very knowledgeable in the arthritis area.  He is very prefessional, but yet friendly.I've also got to wintess Dr.  Klien's bedside manner, which is good, while a nurse in an Omaha hospital 	 3/8/08	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
45	1	very smart and kind Dr. made me feel like i was his only appointment. did not care for front office staff..unfriendly 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	Very knowledgable. He has helped my tremondously. Would recommend him.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	1	Very pleased with this Dr. Good Listener. Knowledgeable. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	The biggest problem is getting an app't set up. When phoning, inevitably the receptionist/app't maker's line is busy. You're asked to leave a message and they do not call back. When you finally get an app't, Dr. Klein is awesome. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	Dr. Kester was sooo helpful.  She really took the time to ask the questions my 4 month old needed.   She wasn't rushed or short with us and I wouldn't go anywhere else now that I have her! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
46	-1	Doctor refused to give me more pain meds when my epidural was not working. Very painful delivery. Doctor didnt stitch my tear from delivering. Had to call to get it stitched and had to have tear cut back open since it healed and had to get shot in vagina. very painful and unnecessary. Lost my pain meds for serious back pain during pregnancy and doctor refused to refill it even though she had no reason to believe I was abusing the pills since I had never had them before. My advice is find a doctor that at least cares about your well being. 	3	4	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
47	0	The first time I met her I liked her right away. Since then however she has treated  me like a thorn in her side (I have been contracted out to her from a military base for infertility). Everytime I see her see seems like she is in a rush to get me in and get me out. The last time I saw her she actually waved me away as if to say &quot;ok, we are done here you can go!, thank you&quot;. Maybe I just always catch her on her bad days but she makes me feel small and unimportant.  	4	4	1	5 	Insurance:Tricare
47	1	Dr. Kenna is wonderful. She's very easy to talk to and very knowledgable. The office is new and very nice and everyone is very relaxed. Having visited her office, I find myself wondering why I dreaded this appointment so much. She is a great find and I would highly recommend her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	1	Dr. Knolla isn't chatty, but if you have any questions, she is very helpful. I would highly recommend her.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	0	Describes the details of the malpractice suite that Dr. Knolla lost:http://www.democracynow.org/2011/1/25/hard_caps_on_m... 				 	Insurance:Unknown
48	-1	DO NOT SEE THIS DOCTOR.  I went to her for a routine woman's check-up, I should have known that she wasn't great for how quickly I was able to get in to see her.  She has horrid bedside manner.  When she was ready to do my pelvic exam she said in an annoyed voice &quot;Well, let's get this over with&quot;.  I have had almost a dozen pap smears done before her, none of them had hurt or caused me to bleed - I had BOTH pain and bleeding during/after she performed the procedure.  When I tried to express to her some other issues at the end of my appointment, she simply shrugged them off and told me to go and see another type of doctor.  It felt like she did not care about me as a patient, I felt as if she was just &quot;going through the motions&quot;.  	4	3	1	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
48	-1	Very unprofessional, misdiagnosed problems resulting in terrible complications.  Does not carry enough insurance to cover the damage she was found negligent of because of the horrible medical malpractice caps. Terrible bedside manner after the tragedy. No sense of responsibility or compassion...DO NOT RECOMMEND!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	My first appointment with Dr. Knolla was not the best. However, after a few additional appointments/call backs etc. things got a lot more comfortable. She truly is a caring person and I appreciate the great care she has given me.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	-1	To writer on 7/13/10, you are mistaken.  Dr. Knolla was found guilty in the case of Gourley v. Nebraska Methodist Health System.  During the 36th week of Mrs. Gourley's twin pregnancy she noticed a decrease in movement of her fetuses, she informed Dr. KNolla.  Dr. Knolla informed the patient not to worry which ultimately resulted in a decreased heart rate of one twin and he was born with severe brain damage and cerebral palsy!  the amount of expense they incur to care for this child is far beyond the financial award the court gave them!  You should do more research on your doctors--they aren't as good as they seem always! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
48	-1	No, that person is not crazy.  Knolla was negligent in caring for a patient, which resulted in very serious harm to a baby.  Look the case up--it's public record! 	3	3	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	who ever wrote that comment on 10/31/08 is absolutely crazy, this is probably one of the best doctors in omaha, never had a problem with her, chances are you probably did something she advised you not to and are bitter about it and blame her, in any event, if you want someone who is extremely professional and REALLY knows what they are doing, go to Doctor Knolla.   If you are a new patient you probably wont even be able to be seen by her since it typically takes 15 months to get in to see her because so many patients that go to her because she is amazing!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	1	I was suprised to see something bad written about her!  She did my endometrial ablation last month and I thought she was wonderful!  She is very thorough and very friendly.   I would highly recommend her! :] 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	-1	This is one of the worst doctors I have had.  She delivered my second child by cesarean.  Immediately after the surgery, a nurse checked on me and commented on how sloppy the stapling was.  She took out two staples that were not straight and that were falling out.  The incision remained open and pussing for 4 months.  I had to visit several other doctors to try to fix what she did.  On my return visit after the surgery, I was to bring a staple remover that she gave me at the hospital (as though I didn't already have enough going on)  When I returned to my visit without the little remover, she sighed and practically yelled at me that she might not be able to remove the staples, and that she &quot;didn't know&quot; if she would be able to find one of these in her office building anywhere (a tool obviously needed for a routine procedure that she does)  DO NOT GO TO THIS DOCTOR!!  I found out after I had my child that she had a malpractice suit that went to a supreme court that she eventually lost.  	 10/31/08	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	1	Amazing doctor wouldn't go to anyone but her.  She is so good however, that it takes over a year to get into see her.   other than that no complaints i'd recomend her to anyone! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	1	Makes my child the center of the visit as it should be at a pediatric office.   Great doctor!!!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	1	Always great with our twins. Suggested great specialist for correcting a slight orthopedic birth defect.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	1	He is an amazing guy - very knowledgeable and very practical. He even took my son and I home from the hospital during a snowstorm. Outstanding.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	1	Dr. Koch has has numerous experiences throughout his life that have made him extremley knowledgeable in the pediatric medical field. My children LOVE Dr. Koch!! I would recommend him to anyone and everyone. Also his staff is amazing. The nurses are helpful and caring.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	1	Dr. Koch (cook) is a great guy with a helpful attitude.  I was recommended him by a friend when I was so upset with my child'd family physician.  We went to Dr. Koch and have never thought about going to anyone else since.  He works with the kids, turning them upside down at times, making them laugh and have fun.  He does care about your children, and can remember their names every time he sees them.   Would recommend him highly! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
49	1	I met Dr. Koch when he came to the hospital when my twins were born. He is amazing with kids and I completely trust him as their pediatrician. They actually were excited the times they were sick and had to visit the doctor. Unfortunately we moved out of state, wish we could have a Dr. Koch here! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	I would recommend Dr. Koch to anyone who needs a doctor for their child.  He loves my children and only gives them what they need.  He tips them upside down and always has something special to play with in his medical bag.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
50	1	Staff very helpful and always polite.  I have never waited more than 5 minutes to see Dr. Kinberg. He is always very helpful and very knowledgeable.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	1	Finally!  A correct diagnosis of asthma - treating the disease and not the symtpoms = relief.  Thank You! 	4	5	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
51	1	Been one of my Dr.'s for over 30 years and has provided some great care.  I see Dr. Kenik for the treatment of Lupus.  He once came to my house when I was younger and having an alergic reaction to penicillin.  He's personally called me back to discuss condition at times.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
51	-1	VERY RUDE, AND UNSYMPATHETIC. HE HAD THE BEDSIDE MANNER OR A LOG 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	Excellent bedside manner, reviews your chart, asks many questions and listens. Willing to look something up if he is not familiar (no Dr has seen it all, treated it all) Part of Saunders County Health Clinic - great team.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
53	1	AMAZING MD!!!  He is compassionate and always takes the time to explain everything to the tee.  He never leaves a stone unturned if there is a problem.  Sadly, he is not taking new patients.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
53	1	great doctor.  takes time to explain and listen. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	Dr. Kreshel and his staff were very kind.  Dr. Kreshel will see medicaid patients when most Dr.s will not.  When my son was in the hospital, Dr. Kreshel came at 9pm just to check up and make sure everything was going well.  He is very comprehensive and knowledgable.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
54	-1	I personally have never been seen by Dr. Kreschel and I never will.  He was my daughter-in-laws doctor when she was pregnant with her first child.  He left her at the hospital when she was 8 cm dialted, he just left without a word to anyone!  The wonferful nurses at BLGH delivered my grand daughter within an hour of him leaving.  He would not respond to their calls! Nurses were just as shocked and angry as I was at his lack of concern and professionalism. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
54	-1	Dr Kreshel overprescribed narcotics, cough syrups, sedatives, for my sister, sedating her to a comatose state, helping to cause a bowel obstruction and rupture, nearly causing the death of my sister. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
54	-1	He left my mother at the hospital with NO instructions for over 12 hours.The nurses attempted several times to locate him with no results, before and after they notified me at work. Sympathetic nurses finally gave icechips for thirst after calling me to OK. No reason not to.  I also tried to find him.  Also, my handicapped sister became &quot;loud&quot; so he informed me he did not want to see her again, in or out of the office (this was inoffice). Needless to say, I never took them to see Charles Kreshel again.  Mom's doctor was changed in-hospital and they both were switched to great, caring, and honest new Doctors.  The nurses told me and my family they couldn't even give Mom a glass of water because of NO INSTRUCTIONS BY THIS MAN. I now know I could have reported him.  I should have. I still want to.  But I didn't know. Thanks for this website.  	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
54	1	Dr Charles Kreshel is very knowledgeable, but it can be hard to get past the lack of bedside manner at times.  My mother took me to him as a child, and to this day I still go to him (even though it is a 30+ mile drive) and I now take my own children to him.  However, it took until my first pregnancy (and seeing him much more often, as pregnancies warrant) before I really felt comfortable with him.  He just comes across as distant, nothing mean or worrisome.  If you can get past that &quot;distant&quot; feeling, he is a very caring and wonderful doctor.  	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
55	1	hes very truthful and trustful 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	Dr. Koca is amazing!  Great personality!  Fun and helpful.   I would recommend this doctor to anyone! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
57	-1	he is terrible and no one seems to trust his capability to even be a doctor.  He is hurt people, not helped people.  He will continue to do so because the clinic can not find any other doctor willing to work for such a messed up place.  The whole staff is pretty bad, especially that evil nurse Michelle.  Everyone seems to hate her...but back to the doc..Kiser.  He is about 110 years old and is really too old to be putting peoples lives at risk 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	Dr Khan is a fantastic doctor.  He is understanding and helpful.  He takes the time to listen to your concerns and provides you with answers and suggestions. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
59	-1	This Dr has to be the most unprofessional Dr I have ever come in contact with. She is rude is very abrupt and makes you feel so below her if you ask a question about your own health care. She has a poor attitute and speaks horribly to her staff. I'm so disappointed. Being a long term person at this clinic, I will never return.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
