dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
23	1	 My family and I have been seeinf Dr. Odorisio since we moved to Omaha 23 years ago! He is the best. he is great with kids and the nurses are great and personable.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-CalPaid/Co-pay:N/A
29	1	commentsDr. Oakes is WONDERFUL!!! I love absolutely everything about her! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	 We have worked with Dr. Oakes for the majority of the year and we did finally get pregnant. So we did have a chance to get to know her and her staff. Dr. Oakes is the best thing about the office. She is kind and may not be forthright with info. But if you ask het specific questions she is. Her staff was a completely different story. They were unbelievably rude and treated any questions or concerns we had as stupid and a bother. The secretary is even rude! If it wasn't for Dr. Oakes we definitely would have not lasted there as long as we did. The nurses and ultrasound tech do not tell you anything and seem irritated when you ask. Considering we spent tens of thousands of dollars there and were respectful to them, we thought we deserved to be treated in a kind manner. Besides Dr. Oakes, I think the staff takes their cue on how to act from Dr. Maud Doughtery.  She is as rude as they come! 	1	4	4	4	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
29	1	 We are currently working with Dr. Oakes and hopefully will conceive soon. She and her staff have been very helpful and understanding of the emotional roller coaster we have been on during the fertility treatments.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
29	1	 We met with Dr. Oakes after suffering two miscarriages, being told by our OB to consider adoption, and two specialists that we needed to move straight to IVF.  Dr. Oakes spent so much time with me in my initial appointment - I really felt like she wanted to help us start our family.  She listened to all of our concerns and immediately took action to help us.  I cannot say enough good things about Dr. Oakes, Maud, or the staff - the nurses are amazing!  When you are going through fertility treatments, you spend A LOT of time getting poked and prodded.  The nurses are so great at keeping you positive.  One of the best things about the office is how responsive they are to questions and how quickly they call with results - always same day and usually within 2-3 hours, if not sooner.  I always felt like they truly cared about us as a couple, and not just patients.  And, thanks to Dr. Oakes and her staff, we are now in our second trimester - without IVF.   Cannot recommend enough! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$2000
45	1	 Probably an excellant physician but over the last couple of years seems to have less and less time.  Difficult to see on short notice when service is needed.  Staff can be slow in returning calls to unresponsive.  Except during  office visits, all contact is strictly through his staff.  	2	2	4	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
45	1	 Attentive and caring; seems to try to listen to ALL of my concerns, even when I can tell he's very busy.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:N/APaid/Co-pay:$55
45	-1	commentsdidnot ansewer questions put to him 		2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
51	1	 Dr.  Osborn is respectful and is the only Dr that has ever been able to relieve my back pain 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-CalPaid/Co-pay:N/A
51	1	commentsHe is very knowledgeable and practical.  He does not pretend that he can fix everything with chiropractic care.  He has a lot of energy and cares about his patients well being.  If I have a wait, it is usually only a few minutes. 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
53	0	comments 	4	1	1	4	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	 I couldn't disagree more with the above rating!!  I live 80 miles away and travelled to see him after the highest recommendations.  My son had his tonsils and adnoids removed and we were highly impressed with Dr. Olson. He was kind to my child, answered all our questions,and very knowlegable.   We were always able to see him and didn't wait long in the office.  He was kind, professional, and very skilled.  My daughter now needs her adnoids removed and we are scheduled with Dr. Olson.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
57	-1	commentsVery difficult to get into  - have never been able to see Dr. when symptoms are active - weeks out and staff doesn't care if you are in pain, dizzy, etc. The worst office staff -I have ever encountered - very rude and uncaring! 	1	2	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
60	0	 Could never see Dr Omar unless I made a 2 wk notice.  Almost always saw a PA. They were very good I must say, but what good is a doctor if you never get to see him when you need him. Who plans to get sick 2 weeks ahead of time.  	5	4	3	3	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
60	1	 Dr Omar has been my primary care physician for years.  He is very kind and concerned.  He does not hesitate to refer you to another doc if the need arises.  His office is very busy and difficult to get an appointment but I don't want to go to a doc that has no other patients.  An empty waiting room would make me wonder about the quality of the medical staff.  I have had serious medical issues and he has always treated the problem correctly.  Awesome doctor-I would recommend him highly.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:CoventryPaid/Co-pay:N/A
60	1	 Dr. Omar is the most compassionate doctor I have ever know.  He makes you feel like you are the most important person in the world.  The only time I have had to wait is when they had to fit me in because I had an emergency. Dr. Omar seems to care more about the humanity side of medicine and less about the monetary side.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
60	1	 Dr.Omar has a great &quot;bedside manner.&quot; HOWEVER he is not a great diagnostician. He will refer you, sometimes unncessarily, to specialists. I had a very common ailment (that was documented)and he ordered an MRI be done, in that bldg.(which meant my insurance wouldn't pay for it, because it wasn't done in the hospital) Then sent me to see specialist,an orthopedic Dr., who I saw for a whole 20 seconds! I was treated by his P.A. and given a shot of cortisone. The MRI was useless because the orthopedic Dr. didn't even use it! They use X-rays. So I had a huge bill to pay for no reason! Dr. Omar IS a caring person, however, you should do your research before you just have expensive tests ordered you have to pay for. If you are hospitalized for something,he will show up EARLY every day. You might get charged for it. His office staff is nice and helpful, but he no longer takes new patients from what I have heard.  	4	4	4	3	Insurance:CoventryPaid/Co-pay:N/A
60	1	 Very good doctor - have gone to him for years and feel very comfortable with him.  Have never had to wait too long.  Very difficult to get in to see him - so usually go to a PA in his office for minor things.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
60	1	 Extremely caring with excellent bed side manner.  Very thorough and knowledgeable of the medical sciences snd provides referals to trusted and competent specialists.  This is a doctor upon which you can rely.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
60	1	commentsI left Dr. Omar's office because he consistently was late for appointments and the staff did not care.  The last time he was over 1-1/2 hours late before I left and never came back.  Good doctor, very poor office management. 	3	1	4	4	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	commentsdr. omar is caring,knowlegeble and approachable keeps scheduled appointments on time 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
67	-1	 This doctor seemingly does not pay attention to details and passes over important information.  He has ignored my symptoms two times, causing me to seek out another doctor who ordered the correct tests and got me back on the path to health.  He ignored a serious health problem.  Not caring.  I will no longer seek his help.  	4	2	1	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
69	-1	commentsMy baby was born with severe, life-threatening food allergies and intolerances. Dr. Olson and Doctors of Children did nothing to manage my child's care or diagnose severe symptoms. DO NOT GO TO DOCTORS OF CHILDREN. 	2	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	commentsWe interviewed a few local Pediatricians while pregnant and chose Dr. Cynthia Olson over the rest and we're glad we did!  She is always attentive and interested in our questions and outlook on parenting.  She takes the time necessary to address any concerns and to explain in layman's terms our son's developmental stages. She has been complimentary to our wishes, vaccination concerns and questions, and supportive with our decision to leave our son intact - no circumcision. Dr. Olson is kind and we feel that she truly cares for our child, and all children.  Her staff is knowledgeable and friendly and the office never feels cramped or over busy.  The longest we've had to wait to be seen was 10 minutes, but most times it is almost immediate.  We highly recommend Dr. Olson if you are searching for a Pediatrician.  She is an A++ Doctor! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
79	-1	commentsI had breast augmentation done by Dr. Orchard and had really bad results. Lost feeling in my nipples from a under the breast incision, have large scars, breasts are hard and much bigger than they are supposed to be.  The whole thing was a terrible experience. and they wanted to charge me to fix his mistakes.  I have spoken with several people and they agree that my scars are very large (along with other doctors) and should be revised.  No one can tell me why I lost feeling and all say it should have came back. So sad that I paid and had these results. 	3	5	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	 Dr. Orchard did a breast augmentation in 3/2010 on me. It has been nearly six months and her continues to follow up with me to make sure things are the way I want.  Excellent doctor! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:N/APaid/Co-pay:$4300
79	1	commentsThe whole experience was great from start to finish.  Great with pain management, follow-up, and bedside manner. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
80	-1	 This doctor does have no respect for patient or the family . Does not discuss the tretment option or the disease process with  patient. Very abnoxious , moody and has personality issues .  	2	2	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
82	1	comments 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	 Best doctor I have ever had.  He comes across cold at first so don't be put off.... he is amazing! 	3	5	4	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
84	1	 Wonderful doctor.  		5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
88	1	 Dr. Okoruwa is friendly and patient. She welcomes questions. She has a prepared handout tailored to your child's age which points out significant milestones and things to help you care for your child. She is very good at providing timely education about caring for your child. Her Council Bluffs office isn't much to look at, but I think they are renovating, so it might be easier on the eyes soon.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
91	1	commentsVERY PROFESSIONAL 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
97	1	.  Interested in patient and took time to listen 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
