dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	-1	Very arrogant.  He does not take responsibility for errors made under his care. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	Dr Walsh is always very friendly & knowledgable.  She takes the extra time to make sure our children are okay.  The staff there is great as well.  We have never had any trouble getting an appointment.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
3	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	Dr. Weitzmann is the best dr i have ever had.  he's very kind and compassionate.  he has gone beyond his call of duty to find out what's wrong with me. i have never had a dr so determined before, it's refreshing.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
5	1	Dr. Whitcomb is very knowledgeable, she is always great with my baby girl. Allowed us all the time we need for questions was not rushed and genuinely cares for children. I could not ask for more in a Physician.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
5	1	Dr. Whitcomb is not only a great doctor, but a mother as well & really knew what I felt as a new mother. She made me feel at ease and confident with what I was doing for my daughter. She never made me feel rushed, I could ask her all the questions I liked. Dr. Whitcomb treated my baby wonderfully. She is a fantastic pediatrician and I would recommend her to anyone & everyone. We had to move to another state and leaving Dr. Whitcomb was one of the saddest things for me.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	Dr. Whitcomb is so awesome.  I have 4 kids; she has 5 -- so she COMPLETELY understands me as a mom.  She always takes time to really get to whatever the issue is.  She's also more than willing to take a look at another family member; other than the one with the appointment.   She is GREAT!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	1	Dr. White is an excellent surgeon.  I left the hospital after four days not even on tylenol.  He is very busy because he is very good.  If you ask a question you will get an answer.  The staff is great!  I am sorry some on here have not rated him very highly, but if they have an issue they need to address it with him or his staff.  I would recommend him to family or friends he is that good.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	1	Dr.White is a skilled surgeon. He has been doing Bariatric surgery for over 10 years.  He is one of the best laproscopic surgeons in the Midwest. He has a wonderful bariatric staff that is always available to help and guide. Dr.White's knowledge is outstanding, anyone who has him do their surgery is in good ha 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	Dr wHITE IS KNOWLEDGABLE BUT IN WAY TO MUCH OF A HURRY. Before surgury there was supposed to be all this follow up-but there was none. Also when I have a question-if he does address it he does it real fast and pushes you out the door. I realize hes busy making money-but I cashed in my only retirement fund to pay for this and now my port flipped. I asked Dr White today why my lower stomach felt full but my upper body was hungury. No real answer. He needs to slow down and answer our questions and at least act like he cares-not just running after the next big paycheck. We are important to us and it would be nice to get our questions answered and our concerns taken care of with out feeling like were on some adrenilane rushed roller coaster. 	3	3	3	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	0	. They only give attention before surgery after that everybody forgets about you!!!!!!!!! 	1	2	2	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	1	Dr. White is very caring when it comes to his patients.  Dr.White has performed hundreds of surgeries, he is an expert when it comes to laproscopic surgery.  I think if anyone had an issue with the staff needs to tell Dr.White, he would want to know. Dr.White comes highly recommended by his peers and from former patients. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	I have seen bad things said about the staff.  I guess I haven't had that problem.  Dr. White is awesome, smart, personable and precise.  Someone was complaining about getting nutrition advise&#63;  That is what Roxy does not the staff at Dr. Whites office.  I have never had a problem with any of them.  Now, when you go for a fill, make sure you have an hour to spare because there is usually quite a few people with you and you all have to wait your turn.  I have been dealing with Dr. White, Roxy and all staff for 4 years now and love the experience I have had!!!  My surgery went great, recovery was quick.  Now, I have lost 104 lbs and no, it wasn't easy....changing my diet and lifestyle habits.  I am still working on some of this, but I have not regrets what-so-ever!  I picked Dr. White after attending sessions with 3 other doctors.  He made me feel comfortable, and enthusiastic about going through my very first surgery!!  Thanks Dr.  White, Roxy and Staff!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
6	-1	oFFICE STAFF RUDE AND NOT HELPFUL AT ALL, NO FOLLOW UP WITH PATIENT, CALLED OFFICE NUMEROUS TIMES FOR HELP WITH DIET, ETC.  AFTER SURGERY--PERFORMED SURGERY ON PATIENT AND THEN FORGOT THE PATIENT, SAID FAMILY DOCTOR SHOULD TAKE OVER, NO BEDSIDE MANNOR 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	0	Very helpful prior to surgery, but after you can not get messages to Dr or get anyone to call you back.  Seems like Dr and Staff could care less on follow ups.  	1	2	1	4 	Insurance:Workers Comp
7	1	He was my pediatrician when I was young and now that I have a family of my own and he takes my insurance company I go back to him.  Best Doctor I have been to.  He takes great care of my daughter and has gotten my wife off of depression meds that had nasty side effects.  He is not afraid to tell he he doesn't know the answer and he is very quick to find if for you.  Like other reviews take a book, magazine or game. He is very worth the wait.  His patients are even friendly towards each other one gentleman offered to trade us time slots so my daughter could get seen quicker.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
7	1	i was very impressed with Dr. Williams.. when my pediatric doctor was too busy to see my daughter i took her to see Dr. Williams. he saved her life..she had a rare infection and he hospitalized her immediately... his nurses were great and made me laugh and smile and i was very comfortable in the office... the wait was well worth it( bring a book)This DOC... knows his medicine...had some billing questions but got cleared up... honest mistakes... they work long hours. I wouldn't trade them...  	 8/31/09	5	4	5	Insurance:Coventry
7	1	Been seeing Dr.Steve for 13 yrs. Is a great Dr. bends over backwards for his patients.His nurse are great also, very friendly very helpful. His reciptionist is very good and helpful. His billing clerk is awful, you have to really watch your bills,she doesn't deal with patients well. I would recomend Dr.Steve, and I have, to anyone. He is there for his patients 24/7 Hard to find a doctor like this.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
7	1	Dr. Steve, is polite and knows what he is doing in regards to health care for someone. He take the time to explain your condition. However, his office manager Linda,isn't worth my time. She is arrogant and a liar. All I have to say is check your bills for accuracy. 	1	1	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	This guy is good!  I've seen him many times.  He's quick (but not hurried), thorough, wise and very kind.  I find I can always trust what he says.  I like him.   He's one of the best! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
7	1	Dr. Williams is an excellent physician. The only complaint is that (as with most doctors) there is usually a decently long wait-time. However, he's worth the wait. He is thorough and has a good sense of humor. The thing I like about him most is tht he is not over-eager to medicate. He'll definitely prescribe you what you need, but if you can get better without drugs, that is his preference. I was basically addicted to nasal spray I had used for allergies/colds... he was upfront and honest about the fact that I would be uncomfortably stuffed up while getting off of it, but gave me things to help. I'm now totally off the stuff. Very professional. I never take time to write these things about doctors and services... but when I moved to a new state and used this service to locate a new doctor, I thought I would leave this note. If I ever move back to Omaha, Dr. Williams will again be my physician - no doubt.  		2	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
7	1	Dr. Williams has cared for my mother since I don't know when. A few years back, Dr. Steve had a specialist come from out of town to help diagnose an infection that literally saved my mother's life! He's a good listener, very caring, knowledgeable and to the point.  He sincerely cares! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	Can get same day appts., has good equipment in office so you do not have to go outpatient for tests. Always takes time to listen. Not good for phone calls. 		1	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
8	-1	When I went in for a follow up visit, even after having told BOTH the nurse and the doctor when he entered the room the reason for my visit (follow up from previous visit when I was put on an anti-depressant), the doctor seemed to have no idea what I was doing there.  More importantly he had no idea what HE was doing there.  He checked my eyes, nose, and ears.  I looked over his shoulder at the form the nurse had given him, and saw that the nurse had written &quot;FLU&quot; for the reason of my visit.  Not what I told her. I told the doctor that the form was wrong.  For the second time, I told him that I was there for a follow up for the anti-depressant he had prescribed a month earlier.  He gave me an allergy shot and left the room.  When the nurse came in and dismissed me, and asked if the doc would be returning to adress the reason I was there.  He had not intention to return, but she went to get him. He came back into the room completely confused.  Be VERY wary of this doctor. 	1	5	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
9	0	 	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	What a great doc. Dr Watson is a very nice, friendly doc who I saw when I twisted my knee. His nurse was very friendly and I went to the exam room before my appointment time and got x-rays. He explained my injury by clearly pointing out the torn piece on a knee model and gave me a handout to show my family. He answered all of my questions. I have already recommended him to the rest of my family.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	1	Dr. Webb is always so knowledgeable and helpful when I visit.  He explains everthing in layman's terms and answers my questions and concerns completely. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	A great doctor that shows genuine intrest in the patient and is able to tailor the message to his client. He doesn't talk over your head and he doesn't talk down to you, just striaght to you in terms and ideas you can grasp.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
11	1	Actually listens to what you have to say and makes sure you know what's going on.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	1	Excellent listening skills. researches information and refers on if needed. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	Dr. Webb always makes sure that I understand perfectly what my health issues are & explains new procedures and medications very well.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	1	Awesome with kids and adults. Felt no pain at all!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	0	Not Punctual. She will show she is busy but will chit chat outside. When my baby was born in the hospital she came 24 hours late to the hospital and lied Hospital nurse did not left her message on time.  	4	1	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	1	Very knowledgable, very professional, gentle and caring towards children, always on time.  I've enjoyed having her as the doctor for my two children.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
13	1	I have 5 children and they have been going to Dr. Winterscheid for 8 years now.  There is no one else I would trust my children with.  She is very caring, always on time, explains things very well, answers all questions and has a very gentle way that the kids respond to.  We have moved from the area twice and I still drive to see her.  My kids will always go to her and would recommend her 100%.  She is a wonderful doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
14	1	Dr Wilson is a very caring, talented and well educated dr!!  Even though my work is specifically in early childhood, and I have colleague's who are pediatrician's, I take my 7 month old to see Dr Wilson.  (In fact, I take all my kids, 7months-17years to see her, and she is great with all of them!!  Even the teenagers, male or female!!)  Dr Wilson always takes time to ask questions, and answer any questions we may have.  She may sometimes recommend for or against something like a test, but will respect the decision her patient makes, and support it.   She is an amazing dr, I have referred family to her, and would recommend her to anyone!!!  :) 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	Dr. Wilson is a great family doctor. She is very knowledgeable and compassionate about her patients. I suffer from fybromyalgia and sever arthritis and joint pain, chronic back pain and she has been of great help.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
14	1	Dr. Wilson is amazing! Very helpful, friendly and willing to listen.  She explains things completely and throughly and the staff is excellent at returning telephone calls 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	When I moved to Nebraska, my husband had already been seeing Dr. Wilson and had many great things to say about her. After my first appointment, I whole-heartedly agreed with him! Like many others have posted, Dr.  Wilson is a fantastic and smart doctor who truly cares about you, not just as a patient, but as a person! I would recommend her to anyone looking for a family physician! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
14	1	Bridgett Wilson is an amazing doctor.  She is very helpful and extremely knowledgeable!  Every time I have gone to see her, she has been very responsive to all questions I have had and really seems to care about the people that she sees.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	Dr. Wilson is impressive.  She is very smart and was able to diagnose and relieve my issues immediately whereas other doctors in the Papillion area were completely unhelpful.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
14	1	. Bridgett is an EXCELLENT dr, I highly recommend her! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	I totally agree with the last post. Dr Wilson is professional, caring and friendly. She is kind and takes time to really help people. She looks beyond just the immediate reason for your visit and attempts to be sure you are ok emotionally as well as physically.  Thumbs up! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
14	1	Dr. Wilson is such a wonderful person and doctor. She has this fun but professional personality. She is real knowledgeable and is great with patients. She never rushes her patients. She just makes her patients feel comfortable being there. I would recommend her to anyone. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	Dr. Waters did both my knees and the results have been excellent. I would recommend him highly. Several nurses have told me that if they needed knee or hip replacement they would absolutely have Dr. Waters do it because he is such and excellent and careful surgeon.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
15	1	Exceptional, perfectionist physician with well run office and fantastic joint replacement results.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
16	1	He is very kind and listens to his patients.  If he doesn't know an answer he will find someone who does.  He lives and works with most of his patients and cares much for their well being.   He is a wonderful doctor! 	5	5	5	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	The best GP. I have had him for over 10 years and moved from the area and travel to keep him. Can't give him enough credit for the doctor or person he is. 		4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	Dr. Trevor and the entire staff are professional, yet personable. The office is always clean and comfortable as well as family friendly. Dr. Trevor has cured all of my back problems and other things associated with spine alignment.  Through his practice with amazing results, he's made me a believer in chiropractic! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
19	1	He did a great job.  He was very professional and knowledgeable.  I highly recommend him to my friends and family.  I other doctors have always had trouble fitting me in contacts but Dr. Wolfe prescribed the best contacts I have ever had, and he took my dry eye seriously. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	Dr. Walter was excellent.  Overall experience was better than average, but I did have to wait longer than I would have liked to see the doctor. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	Dr. Wycoff is one of the most caring and knowledgable doctors I have known.  It's true that you wait a very long time for your appointment, but he never rushes you and spends as much time as is needed with you.  If he doesn't have the answer, he'll research it and call you later - he is an excellent physician. 	5	1	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	-1	Not a very good doctor. Misdiagnosed my dad and he ended up in the hospital. Misdiagnosed me with acid refulx when I was having severe chest pains from the rare side effects of zoloft. 	5	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	Good doctor, willing to listen and will refer to a specialist if he doesn't have the answers. Downfall is a long wait is almost guaranteed every time.  		1	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	1	Dr Janet is a knowledgeable physicain, her bedside manner is matter a fact, she is dry but she knows her patients and facts.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	-1	 	5	4	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
23	-1	My family and I were patients for 8 years before realizing the magnitude of Dr. Wood's errors. He did not resolve my pain, so I got a second opinion. I ended up with 10 root canals, 2 fillings. Dr. Wood told me my children had no cavities. Another dentist found 8 cavities per child. Equipment seems to be out of date. In my case, Dr Wood was not thorough. I felt he ignored major issues, did not resolve pain. I felt he was not willing to refer to specialists. I do NOT recommend this dentist.  	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	1	Dr. Wiese is the only doctor i have ever met that puts together a treatment plan based on treating the patient as opposed to what the insurance company will allow. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	Dr. Wiese has helped me be pain-free.  I no longer have fibromyalgia pain and inflammation.  I have more energy and I don't get colds anymore in the winter.  He is kind and patient.  The staff is wonderful.  I don't have to wait to get in to see him and the price is very reasonable.  All worth it to get your life back! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	Dr. Jason is an amazing doctor, life coach and person. He has lead my family and even some of my friends to complete health and wellness. He is full of knowledge in spinal correction and in nutrition, exercise and overall wellbeing. He truly cares about each of his patients and is an amazing person.  I wholehearted recommend Doctor Jason Wiese to everyone! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
24	1	Dr Wiese has changed my life. Chronic back issues are now a thing of the past. Being a dentist, I inflict daily trauma on my back. My daily routine does not cause any limitations in my life anymore. I am such a firm believer in him that I send the ones that mean the most to me to him, my wife and KIDS!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	Dr. Weak is the best dentist I have ever been to. Dental work is no longer scary and uncomfortable. His shots do not hurt one bit. He is also absolutely awesome with my kids. He makes it a great experience for everyone. His staff is wonderful and SO kind and compassionate. They take the time to talk with you and you never feel rushed when you are there. I would highly recommend Dr. Weak as your family dentist! A++++ 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	I've been seeing Dr Williams for 13 years, and I really appreciate that he works with me on my health care.  	3	4	4	4 	Insurance:Coventry
27	1	Dr. Wicks has changed my life for the better!!!! I have never felt so good. From &quot;day 1&quot; she has understood my illness, unlike other doctors.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	1	Dr. Wicks is a very knowledgeable, kind and intelligent woman. She is also very patient. She helped me very much when I was going through a very rough time. I also know a few other people who have gone to her and had much success. 	 7/24/07	5	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	Super Super and very understanding.   I'd recommend him to the Pope! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
29	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	Dr. Weidner is very freindly, helpful and full of joy!  He is a great doctor!  Deliveried all 3 of our boys.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
30	1	Dr. william weidner is the best doctor in the workd 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	I do not have a copay but I feel insurance has nothing to do with a DR I choose. I love Dr Wurtz! I feel he is genuine in his work and doesnt waste your time. As a female, I prefer a female doctor, but Dr Wurtz has never made me feel uncomfortable and I appreciate his honesty. I have referred several clients to him as well as taken my son to his office since he was born.  Although he moved is office recently to the South side of Lincoln, and I live North I continue to travel to receive the best care for my family! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
31	1	He is a very personal dr.  He takes the time to listen to your concerns.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
32	1	. very compassionate 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
33	-1	Dr Wees is living in the stone age.  He has no idea what a phone is.  He dictates letters instead of picking up the phone to let you know your test results.  It was an average of 3 weeks from both times I went to see him before I knew anything. I had to call several times to get them to tell me a letter is being sent out. I had severe symptoms and after 7 weeks still do not know a thing.  I am awaiting my dictated letter.  If you like a Doctor that talks to you and treats you as if you are important to him this is not the doctor for you.  If you are phone a phobic and like to read letters that don't tell you much then by all means Dr Wees is a doctor you will like.  I have no idea if he knows anything about what he does I am still awaiting my letter. 	4	3	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	Very satisfied.  Very kind and seemed to genuinely care.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	1	Dr. Welch is wonderful!  He was very complete with his exams, and was very upfront with what he could help with and when he needed to pass me on to a high risk Dr.  He does NOT have the god complex I found in other doctors.   His staff is friendly, the wait time minimal, the office is new, and he follows up! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	1	Very good dr!! I had a very enjoyable experience with the birth of my son. I had switched drs at 4 months gestation b/c of a very bad expierience with the birth of my daughter a year earlier. All my questions were answered and I found that Dr. Welch was very up-to-date with his knowledge. Enemas,pubic shaves, episiotomies,continual monitoring during labor,flat on your back pushing were all declared out. I was allowed to dictate what happened and when making for a positive birth experience. All complications were handles quickly and effectively. I will definately recommend this dr to anyone and everyone!! I will use him as my dr for any more children.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
36	1	i Had to go outside of my crappy insurance to go to Dr. wilson but my 7 year old son seemed to be dying of asthma.The inhalers  and nebulizers no longer worked and he was getting shots from dr at the time and  we had didnt know what to do. when son took the initial allergy shots at wilsons,  he was a 2 or 3 or 4 on every singel thing they tested for. so in other words he was allergic to literally everything including his own cells so he looked like he would die but i remember dr. wilson saying..i know it looks hopeless but we will start him in the hospital. and tommorrow he will be better then today..and the next day better then tommorrow and the next day better.. and every single day he is gonna get better.&quot;  OH MY GOD you dont know what a relief that was to hear when i was at the end of my rope.. and thats what happened and my son is 24 and very healthy and rarely even needs his inhaler. THANK YOU DR WILSON . 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	Dr Wilson is a pediatric pulmonologist.  He is an excellent doctor, providing expert and compassionate care to children, and advice to parents.  He is to be highly respected and recommended for his level of care, knowledge and dedication to his profession.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
37	1	Dr. Wildy is very good.  She takes time to talk to you and find out what is going on with you, that may be why the waits at times are so long, but worth the wait. She is very pleasant and knowledgeable.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
37	1	I have been seeing Dr. Wildy for about 5 years now and she is AWESOME!  Some of the staff came with her from the old location and some of the new ones are a bit rough but I have been very pleased with the level of care I have received.  She definitely lets you know she cares-I recently missed an appointment with her and the nurse called a few hours later with a list of questions that Dr. Wildy wanted updates on since I didn't make it in and to reschedule.  She is also younger and more willing to try things then some of my past RA docs have done.  You will have to take me away kicking and screaming.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
37	1	She is a good Dr. but her staff, from the front desk to the nurses, make going to her very unpleasant.She used to practice at Jenny Edmunds in Council Bluffs, and when she was there it was a totally different envoronment. Everyone there was very helpful, nice and pleasant. Too ba she changed locations. I would not go back because of this 	 2/11/11	1	1	4	Insurance:Unknown
37	-1	I used to think she was a pretty good Dr. until she changed her location and her partners. Her office staff are very unprofessional, half the time you can't even get them to ans. the phone, you get voice mail. Her nurses are very inconsiderate, not helpful at all. Dr. Wildy seems very rushed, not taking time to really ask questions or show concern. The wait in the office seems extra ordinary long, then you have to wait again when they finally put you in a room. I quit seeing her. 	1	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	Very good urologist. Removed stones, no problem. 10 years later on visit, assured me that stones were not cause of my pain. (ulcer diagnosed later)Very nice bedside manner. Highly recommend. 	 10/16/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	Dr. Wiltfong is a wonderful doctor and surgeon.  I had numerous problems that he dealt with, and each time he made me feel like I was his only patient.  He performs thorough exams and testing, and if surgery is needed, he makes sure the patient understands the procedure, adn he has excellent follow-up care.  Office staff is friendly and curteous, as are the nurses.  Dr. Wiltfong also has a very friendly personality and is easy to talk to.  he truly cares about the patient.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
39	-1	. Did not answer my questions that I asked and seemed to be in a big hurry!  Not impressed at all for a first time visit! 	3	5	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	1	Best surgeon to see. been with me since 1988. Saved ny legs.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
41	1	I am very surprised at the responses made on Dr. Walts. I saw him for severe earache and horribly inflamed sinuses. He prescribed medication that had me feeling relief in a matter of hours! I was miserable before going in to see him, but he answered all my questions in terms I could understand. He inquired about my current health history in order to make a good diagnosis. I found him easy to talk to and kind. His staff was very nice too, and saw me right away, I was in and out of there in 30 minutes. Before I saw him, I was concerned that I wouldn't feel well enough to go to work tomorrow, now I feel like my old self, and confident that I can get back to my routine. 	4	5	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
41	-1	Saw for 1 year at clinic.  Every time I saw him he did not review my medical history.  He looked through 2-3 pages of information.  He also did not remember anything about me.  His listening skills were poor.  As was his cognitive skills.  He perscribed medication with a high degree of inaccuracies.  He would write out a medication script for varying quantities and then  say he did not write this.  He does not use evidence to support his actions.  I have a vote of NO CONFIDENCE for Michael Walts M.D.  I have also given the Nebraska Department of Health the facts of the quality of care and concerns about his mental health.  A comprehensive detailed report was sent to the Nebraska Medical Review Board for further investigations into Walts's Bad Faith Case.  This medical doctor should not be seen under any circumstances.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
41	-1	wouldnt order xray or mri for severe back pain after repeated visits for 3 month. Changed Dr's and discovered I had severe spinal stenosis and degenerative disc disease that required surgery.  Suffered great deal of pain that he chose to ignore.  Didn't ever listen to me. Refuses to order any tests to determine nature of my pain.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
42	1	Dr. Willman is the best! Very knowledgable, very caring and does a great job! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
43	-1	We have visited Dr. Wik several times. He talks a good talk but his handfull of pills he put me on had left me so much worse off than before to the point that now I am disabled! I went there hoping to regain my quality of life. Now I have taken a huge step backwards with increased pain, more side affects and considerably less money. Not to mention the time lost in my life, traveling to and from the appointments and the long long waits in the waiting room (some 1 hour or more)! For a &quot;SPECIALIST&quot; in pain I would think he would at least get my pain under control. Even after telling him that I was getting worse he seemed indifferent and reluctant to alter his regimen. I am very hesitant about continuing with his treatments or not.  	2	1	1	3 	Insurance:CIGNA
43	-1	I found Dr Wik to be egotistical and eccentric. Plus I had to wait 1 hour for a first appointment.  Left without taking his recommendations, because they frightened me.  	2	1	2	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
43	1	Dr. Wik is the most brilliant physician I have met to date.  His INCREDIBLE knowledge and determination to get to the bottom of my pain was a welcome change from the dismissive care I have received in the past.  It was his dogged determination which finally uncovered a brain cyst, which, it turns out accounts for many of my odd and seemingly unrelated symptoms.  Thanks to Dr. Wik, I can at least FUNCTION, and have been so much more optimistic with decreased pain, increased energy, and FINALLY having an understanding of WHY I am the way I am.  Where other physicians have dismissed or ignored me, Dr. Wik took the time, the energy and the research to truly help.  I consider him a dinosaur...the last of the old-fashioned doctors, a man who truly is passionate about his patients and his craft.  If you suffer from chronic back pain, CALL DR. WIK.  He has truly given me my life back.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
44	1	 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	She listens to concerns, answers questions, and treats you likd a human being. She explains procedures,treatments, diagnosis in a way that you can understand.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	1	She is very kind and has a very good beside manner. She takes the time to listen to all of your concerns and knows when to refer to a specialist. The wait is sometimes long but usually because she had to take extra time with another patient unexpectedly - and she always apologizes for it.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
46	0	Doctor is always very hurried and does not always take the time for his patients, he is too busy.  	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Medicare
46	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
47	1	this is a very good dr. he really cares about his patients and actually takes the time to talk.he specializes in diabetic patients 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	Very attentive and listens to your concerns and issues before diagnosing 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	Very helpful, caring, and empathic. I was in the ER and I did not have to wait long. I believe he was managing several other patients at the same time, but  I felt like he was attentive to my ailments.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	-1	WORST DOCTOR! He gave no concern when I was in pain. When I lost feeling in both legs all he said is that &quot;he didn't know&quot; and didn't try to figure it out. When I tried to get him paged he literally ignored my calls and when I called back to leave another message he told his answering service not to take anymore messages from me and not to page/bother him. He was rude and made me feel like an inconvience. He never listened to my problems and when he did he ignored any treatment, refusing to treat me. I made an appointment and he walked in and said before even greeting me that he was not going to give me any medication for my my migraine and bascially told me to get out!! His father was an amazing doctor who was there for the patients...but he is only there for the paycheck and gives no concerns to anyone or anything. He has a &quot;who gives a damn&quot; attitude.   This dr is WORTHLESS and should have his liscense taken away! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	-1	This was one of the worst doctors I have been too. I wait forever, the nurses or assistants or whatever they are, were always rude to me. I just found out I was pregnant and went to see him so I can get a referral (1st baby) I told him I was having trouble breathing, so he ordered for a blood test. The nurse came in to draw blood and asked me what it was for. I told her my breathing problem, however, I would have thought she would have known. He never did give me a referral, I ended up walking out of there after not getting what I needed done. I ended up getting a referral from the pediatrician I had last seen, an then went on to see another family dr from there on out.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
50	-1	Put me off for more than a year saying a condition was &quot;not that bad&quot;.  Took multiple visits to get a referral for a colonoscopy (which staff forgot to schedule).  That doc ordered more tests and referred me for surgery.  Last straw was the visit where my right ear ached and felt plugged amid other problems.  He came in and introduced himself (obviously never looked at my chart) even though I had been going to that clinic for over 6 yrs.  He refused to refer me to an ENT and said I just had wax in my ear.  After a nurse roughly and painfully removed it I developed tinnitus.  I asked him to refer me to an Internist who could diagnose and he said he was one.  When I tried to discuss another problem he said I had used my 10 min. and ran out yelling that he didn't have time for any more problems -- after I spent an HOUR waiting to see him.  I finally found a real Internist who sent me to an ENT and audiologist who said I lost my hearing in that ear.  I could write a book.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Coventry
50	-1	He spends the entire time reading the file and doesn't listen to you.  He never remembers anything. 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
50	0	Often left for long periods waiting in the office and exam room (once over the entire lunch hour-they forgot me). Nurses seem to have difficulty drawing blood (often several pokes). Uses student doctors for pre-exam interviews-I am uncomfortable talking to strangers about my personal conditions. Does ok on minor ailments but is reluctant to refer to specialists. Has not always listened very well when explaining symptoms. Not always up on the latest drug therapies for diabetes and other diseases of Seniors. Personal appearance sometimes a joke-very unprofessional.  		1	3	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
51	1	I searched the internet and took a chance on this doctor after researching as much as I could, glad I found him. After surgery (stint to main vein in stomach) when asked by other medical staff who did the surgery they all replied, &quot;oh Dr Webb is a very good surgeon, you chose well&quot;. He may seem a bit abrupt but I know that is not his character, he is just the type to get to the point and wants to diagnose you quickly and correctly so he can fix your issue and he does this by making sure you are giving him the precise information of what, when and where you started with the issue, what has been done and what you expect from surgery to help give you perspective of what can happen if you have surgery or don't.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
51	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	Dr. Winterstein is awesome!! I can't say enough about him and his staff. I have been with him for about a year and a half and am very happy I chose him for my surgeon!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	Attentive, knowledgeable and willing to fix my problem. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
53	-1	I was not at all impressed with her or her nurse, they are not honest people and she is being sued I hear!!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
53	-1	Not worth the $. She seemed to have been after the business...not after results. Wasn't extremely pleased. 	4	3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
54	-1	Old school. Never did any adjustments. Just used this little popping machine. Finally sought out another Chiro. 	5	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	As I have a chronic condition, I have been to many doctors.  Dr. Werner has come up with things to try that no other doctor has.  He has never given up on me even though many different drugs have failed to help my condition.  He is the most caring, knowledgeable doctor I have ever been to.  His staff is A++ as well.  I would recommend him highly.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
56	1	Dr. Wicker is great.  He is very knowledgeable, explains things very well, very helpful, and easy to talk to.  I would highly recommend him.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
56	1	He's an excellent doctor. He's honest and tells you exactly what is wrong and what you need to do. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	I suffered from sciatica and was in constant pain. My MD was little help in this area. I visited an orthopedic specialist and he advised Mark Wurth. I was pain free after 2 visits!! I have a severe scoliosis and he has helped with pain control in that area, too . He fixes the problem quickly, but doesn't have you return over and over as many chiroprators do. His philosophy is to visit when he is needed, only. He does suggest &quot;routine maintenance&quot; every 6 weeks or so, so the problems don't return. He is truly a gifted healer! I have referred him to several of my friends, all educators, who feel the same way. We refer to him as &quot;Dr. Wonderful&quot;, because that's how he helps us to feel.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
58	1	Dr Shar as she is known and her husband who works at the same dental surgery is the best dental surgeon I have ever had. The clinic is exceptionally clean, modern, technologically advanced and the assistant staff are a wonderful bunch too. I have to pay a little more co-pay to see them than I would some other places but in my book this is testament to &quot;you get what you pay for&quot;. I no longer have a fear of a visit to the dentist after a few sessions at Dr. Shar's surgery. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
59	-1	Not a very helpful doctor at all. He seemed to be very out of it &amp; not concentrating on the subject at hand. I asked how he came up with his diagnosis &amp; he couldn't say.His staff wasn't very nice to me at all.I was kept waiting 2.5 hours.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	1	very great doctor. Saw several other doctors before wibbels. None of them were as nice or persistent in figuring out whats wrong with me. I would recommend him to any middle aged person! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
59	1	Dr. Wibbels is by far the best doctor I have ever met. He is very kind and heartfelt. He is a brilliant diagnostician. He is NEVER too busy in an emeregency to see his patients or return their phone calls. He adds a personal touch that is very rare in today's doctors. We love him. He has saved a family member of ours from near death because of his knowledge and actions. He is an asset to the community of Hastings. I hope we never lose him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	1	Dr. Wibbels is always up on the latest developments in medicine.  He will always see us in an emergency, no matter how busy he is.  He is kind, courteous and very involved with his patients.  He believes in preventive medicine.  He always remembers our particular problems and personal history.  I can recommend him very highly.  He has been our (my husband's and mine) doctor for 5 years now. 	2	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	Great Doctor. My 3 children have been going to him since they were born. My oldest is 19 and he will miss Dr. Woodford as his dr.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
60	1	Dr. Woodford has been our primary pediatrician for 16 years.  He has always been thorough in his assessments, compassionate toward my children's fears, and supportive towards our family.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
60	1	Great guy, He was the ped for 3 of my children. Youngest is 19y/o and still wants to see him and thats ok with him. Was very helpful with my oldest childs add and learning disabilities. Very kind and compassionate. Daughter woke up sicker than a dog on a sunday so we took her to emergent care and they decided to treat a bladder infection when her complaint was sore throat and fever. Took her to dr woodford a couple days later and diagnosed with mono...wish we would have never gone to emergent care..ended up with antibiotics we did not need. Dr woodford is very top notch and uses antibiotics wisely. A lot of docs just write a script for kids illnesses. If the culture is negative, or he suspects it's viral you won't get antibiotics and thats a good thing.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
60	1	Dr. Woodford is the kind of pediatrician that every parent wants for their children. He's very smart, he's compassionate and patient, and he's had years of experience in his field. Our three kids have had all kinds of ailments and injuries (allergies, broken bones, pneumonia, gastrointestinal problems, cat scratch fever)  and  Dr. Woodford has always been right on target with his diagnosis and treatment.  Our kids absolutely love him! We have lived in several different cities, and Dr.  Woodford in Omaha is our favorite pediatrician by a LONG SHOT! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
60	1	Saw Dr. Woodford for a very complex medical problem.  After a through exam he told us what the diagnostic possibilites were and after further testing, when the results came back, he was right on. I've been to several pediatricians and he was the only one that had it right.  I would recommend him in a heartbeat.  I will always trust his excellent judgement.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
60	-1	Woodford told us our 5-year-old child might had ADD or anxiety disorder during her pre-K exam. She was scared of the shots and behaving badly. He'd only seen her twice before, and she was fine at those visits. On the way home, she asked, &quot;How come I'm going to be behind the rest of my class&#63;&quot;  I'll never forget this, but happily, she has.  She's doing very well in school-got the &quot;best listener&quot; award in her class and is reading beautifully. Woodford represents a reckless trend in pediatrics - pathologizing and overmedicating children. While there may well be an increase in autism, ADHD and other neurological problems due to over-vaccinations and environmental toxins, sometimes a naughty child is just that. P.S. I've heard from other parents that Woodford is an &quot;expert on ADHD.&quot; Likely has major stock in Ritalin too.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Coventry
61	1	My Children love Dr. Walenz.  We love going to her.  Her staff is very friendly.  	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
61	-1	We were very disappointed in Dr Walenz, She isnt our pediatrician, but we see another in the same practice which she is no longer part of.. We saw her on a day our dr was not able to, and she carelessly prescribed my child an antibiotic from the penicillin family when it stated in his chart he was allergic,I was and still am very disappointed in her wrecklessness and would not reccomend her to anyone.  	5	5	3	1 	Insurance:Coventry
61	1	Dr Walenz was wonderful. My daughter had a curious medical occurance and Dr Walenz eliminated all the possibilities, including the scary one (leukimia) and she did it with such urgency that I was so appreciative. Then she suggested a cause for this problem that was so unusual and was correct! I was astonished at the solution and absolutely LOVE Dr Walenz. On many other visits, she has been kind, patient, smart, attentive, helpful, the list can go on. She listens to the parent's and the patient's concerns. I would recommend her to anyone.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
61	-1	I find it hard to believe that when a Dr becomes a Dr, they find it upon themselves to not respond to the parents of a patient, or even give a call. When the nurse tells me that she that she will not speak to the parent,2 minutes of her precious time is all I asked. I will not ever take my child to her. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	Dr Walenz and this entire staff are amazing. We only left the practice because we moved out of state. I never had a problem making an appointment and I really felt that Dr Walenz respected me as the parent.  She was wonderful with my children and the nursing staff always returned phone calls in a timely manner.  I think the entire staff at Children's spoiled me and I'm having a hard time finding a replacement pediatrician that I like half as much.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
61	1	She is a very friendly and patient doctor who takes the time to address all issues relating to children 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
62	-1	The diagnosis that I got from him was very far off from what my illness was.  Maybe some more schooling would help.  My brother got a prescription from Dr. Wilkins and it would have had a devastating reaction with his current medications.  Luckily the Pharmacist that he went to caught the error and my brother then went to a different doctor.  Be careful of Dr. Wilkins' recommendations and prescriptions.  Get a second opinion on major illnesses.  	2	3	2	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
62	1	Chauncey is very knowledgeable and personable.  He takes time to explain my medical conditions to me in terms that I can understand. He has helped me maintain my health although I am dealing with several health conditions.  He is also very kind.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
63	-1	. says one thing and does not recall-mellissa is very rude and likes to argue with the patients-not friendly or understanding 	1	3	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
63	1	I've Never felt so at ease with a doctor. My family felt like I choose the very best and I agree. Thanks for all you've done for me.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
63	1	When noone else could help me Dr.  Woods figured out my problems- not only did my health improve I now have a beautiful 2 yr old! He is my savior- I wouldn't trust anyone else when it comes to my female issues! He is a genuine angel!! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
64	1	. very understanding and let me know what the consequence of not following plan 	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Medicare
65	1	great experience.  I Highly recomend this doctor to anyone! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:BC Med
65	0	didnt seem to know exactly what was needed,had to go to him twice before i was sent to a consult who easily diagnosed me, but the other times were just dandy 	5	4	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	when you meet this guy he is a great person he cares about the people and he will bend his back to make sure you get the right treatment. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	Dr. West is a great doctor. She takes her time and she is very knowledgeable. She diagnosed my daughter with her asthma after a number of other doctors overlooked/misdiagnosed it. We had to move out of state and we were very upset when we had to switch doctors. Dr. West has a great bedside manner and you can tell she loves what she does. I would highly recommend her to anyone who wants a great pediatrician.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	1	Very friendly, very professional and knowledgable.  Made my eye exam easy and comfortable.   Plus she's cute :) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	-1	Disorganized. The office is not set up electronically receive x-rays. So my dentist office mailed them out. Well, &quot;they never arrived&quot; so the day before my appt i had to run all over to DELIVER THEM MYSELF. thankfully i called before my appt or they would not have been prepared at all.  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	1	I had gone to Dr. Wickless for wisdom teeth removal because my bottom ones were impacted and I had an extra tooth on the top growing as well. My dentist recommended him as well. I don't think the negative comments are very fair because he was really nice and took the time to explain everything to me and waited until I was calm enough before he even gave me the shots for the Novocaine. When I was eased he started to remove my teeth and told me to raise my left hand if it started to hurt. When he was doing the extra top tooth it started to hurt, I raised my hand and he was kind enough to wait until I was ready again. It started to hurt and he offered to give me a bit more Novocaine and after the shot I was fine. It took about a week and a half for me to heal (but everyone heals different) and I've made an appointment to get the other side of my wisdom teeth removed. 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	The negative comments were never relevant based on my experience recently. Wickless was very professional, extremely explanatory throughout procedure and his staff followed up the next day to inquire how I was doing and if I had any questions.  I was hesitant after reading these comments of going through with my appt because I am very anxious of dental work (based on previous experiences) but he was gentle, and made me feel exceptionally comfortable.  I would recommend Wickless to anyone who wants a professional staff, explanation of entire procedure as they perform it, post consultation after procedure, and great follow up after you leave.   A++++ 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
68	-1	When I arrived to get my four wisdom teeth removed he had to put shots in my mouth. There where very painful so I moved some.  He seemed very annoyed.  Then when I had all of the shots done I felt as if I couldn't breath.  I shot up and he said we are done.  He didn't try to calm me at all.  The procedure was ok bc I was numb but that was Friday.  Now it is Sunday and my whole face is swallen and brused.  My husband was wanting for me in the front room.  He said that the front desk lady was cursing.  I do give credit to his assistant. . She was very sweet. I don't think I would have made it through if it wasn't for her.  If I could go back in time I would have seen someone else. I will NEVER go back to him. 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	I went to him for wisdom tooth removal, all 4.  He gave me shots, made sure i was ok with the pain and removed them all with no problems or complications.  The next day i had almost no pain.I would highly recommend him for an oral surgen to anyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	0	I went to Dr. Wickless for wisdom teeth extraction, my dentist (at the time) referred me because my wisdom teeth were impacted.  Upon arrival at my appointment I told Dr. Wickless of my terrible fear of dentists and requested he be patient with me. He didn't even acknowledge that I had said anything. A little later he came in and started to numb my mouth (no topical, only the shots) and anytime I made even the smallest of noises to express that I was in pain, he would just sigh. He left the room to wait for the Novocaine to take effect and when he returned he started to remove the impacted wisdom teeth. I could still feel pain, and so I made noises to alert him to my pain. His comment was &quot;You need to be quiet, you will scare the patients in the waiting room!&quot; (There was nobody in the waiting room upon our arrival, nor when we left, so I am unsure who he thought I would scare) I was so put off by this visit that I STRONGLY recommend you find a different oral surgeon if at all possible.  	1	3	1	4 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
69	1	. GOOD DOCTOR   GOOD STAFF  FAST APPOINTMENTS 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
70	1	Dr. Wedergren is the most amazing doctor I have ever seen.  She never stresses over anything.  I highly recommend her for anyone that is looking. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
71	1	Dr. Walters is the best! I was very intimidated about an eval with a psyciatrist but Dr. Walters made me feel very comfortable. Very knowledgable about womens mental health. Diagnosed accurately and prescribed appropriate medication. Dr. Walters changed my life! I'm disappointed to hear that she is no longer practicing.  :( 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
71	1	I feel that Dr. Walters is professional and caring. It is difficult to find a psychiatrist with whom one feels immediately comfortable, but I did feel so with Dr. Walters. She is very gracious and attentive. I look forward to continuing my treatment with her and her office. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
71	1	A very caring and intelligent doctor. I will continue to see her. 		4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
71	-1	Her staff changs your appt time constantly. You show up at their convience and they let you sit and wait while they take ohers at your time. She ws hired for an eval, she notes if you wear make up or not&#63; and she puts wrong info down, ike states you wear sweats when it is cords!&#63;! Like what does that hav to do with an MS eval&#63; DUH&#63; Harvard graduate and very snooty. Not my style. I am real. Said I dont hav good english, what&#63; Just because I call council bluffs counciltucky from all the space cadets here. The culture is worse and I dd not feel like going into detail about all the crimes I had to deal with here. I would NOT recommend this office!! 		1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	Very caring and knowledgable. Took his time and asked just enough questions.  I have to say that he seems to be a very good ER physician that I hope I get to see again.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
