dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	-1	I absolutely would not recommend to anyone! For those that do go please ask questions, ask to go over all your test results with explanation from doctors and demand on the spot answers. Always leave with your test results at each visit, and occassionally examine your records for accuracy. Very painful experience I lived through.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	1	 	2	2	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	He was very helpful with my pain. I felt like he really cared about my problem.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
2	-1	Not very interested in why I was there.  I had broken bones in my foot and was in severe pain.  He told me I needed inserts, which caused EXTREME pain. I had to BEG for pain killer meds.  He never did find broken bones in my foot but FINALLY, his Physician Assistant found them.  I was so grateful to her for actually trying to get to the reason for all my pain.  However, I never went back to this office because I didn't want to see him again.  	5	3	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
2	0	Just didn't seem to care about the client. Felt like just a number not a person.  	3	2	2	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
3	1	After trying several other Rheumatologists, I found Dr. Doud very knowledgeable and willing to subscribe new drugs that may not be typical for my type of arthritis when the mainstream rx do not help.  She has been successful in reducing my inflamation and pain.  She spends a great deal of time during the visit and listens more than any other doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
3	-1	she absolutely awful. DOES NOT LISTEN TO what you are telling you. Its like you tell her something hurts.. and she just blows it off with..&quot;well thats not a side effect so keep taking it&quot; RA is so painful and she needs to update her knowledge so much. All she does is cover up pain with more and more medicine that doesnt even actually work. 3 years with RA and i still am looking for something that works with her.. what a joke.  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Aetna
3	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	Very helpful staff. The Doctor was also really good! I would give 5 out 5 in everything.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
5	1	This dr was very professional and was able to help me when other couldn't.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
5	1	Dr. DeBates is an excellent doctor and I would recommend to anyone looking for a dermatologist.  He was very kind, concerning and thorough.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	0	 	5	5	3	2 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	Just really cares.  Really gets it.  Feels your pain. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	Dr. DeRoin is totally a awesome doctor!  He is a very knowledgeable and caring doctor and if he doesn't no what is wrong with his patient, he doens't hesitate to call in a specialist immediately! He is a truely people person doctor and can talk to his patients about anything that is going on in their lives and he is a very good listener, also!  I highly recommend him to anyone! Dr.  DeRoin, our family thinks your the best doctor in NE, please doen't thing about retirering in the near future, you totally ROCK! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	1	Excellent Physician with very good knowledge. Dr DeRoin is a people person who treats the patient as he would like to be treated. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	Helpful, friendly & knowledgable doctor & staff.  Takes time to talk through symptoms & possible diagnosis with patients. Willing to try different treatments if usual prescriptions fail to work. Willing to research questions/medical situations instead of dismissing questions or just sending you off to a specialist immediately. All around great family doc for young, middle aged & elderly.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	Dr. Desai is very polite, very professional and very good.  We have taken all three of our children to her and we have always been impressed with her knowledge and helpfulness.  I would absolutely recommend Dr. Desai.  We love her staff, they are very friendly and kind.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	0	payments are more for regular visits.she is good at work.  	4	4	3	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	She is a great Dr. Unfortunately her staff is terrible.  They're nice, but they have misread test results, given us wrong medication dosing instructions, forgot to call in prescriptions, making errors calling in prescriptions etc.  There could have been serious consequences if we weren't constantly second guessing the nurses and thank god have a good pharmacist.  Seems like there is little to no communication within the office.  To the point that I don't feel safe sending my child there, sorry to say.  	1	5	4	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
9	1	I absolutely love Dr. Desai. We have had other pediatricians and she is the best. The whole office works together, and they follow up with me on their time when my kids are sick. I am very impressed. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	-1	She made me feel very comfortable, not worth her time. 		3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	Took my mother off several medications and she improved immediately. 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	So far he has been most helpful with a serious medical problem I have developed.  He is an older gentleman, but seems to be up with the times with procedures, meds, etc...  Bedside manner leaves a little to be desired, but not bad.  The ladies that work the scheduling are pretty rude, though.  	 10/24/07	3	5	4	Insurance:United Healthcare
11	-1	Dr. Dahlke's office is rundown and old-fashioned.  It does not feel welcoming or child-friendly at all.  While struggling with my foster children, she recommended locking them in their rooms with nothing but their mattress for entire days.  I worry about what other advice she is giving out to other patients.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
12	1	Very nice lady doctor and listens to all your problems, small or big.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
13	1	Very pleased with our initial visit.  Gina asked many questions and took many notes.  She gave us a clear diagnosis and answered all of our questions thoroughly.  We feel like she cares and is well qualified to handle our situation.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
14	-1	UGH.Don't use this man.I won't say Dr.because he doesn't act like one.He doesn't care,he doesn't communicate,he isn't competent,has no camaraderie.Arrogant.Won't do proper paperwork in a timely manner.Golfing and boating are 1st with him.Treats women as inferior,calls your symtons,&quot;all in your head&quot;.Selfish,treats his staff poorly,like he's better than.I can't say enough negative things about him.Stay away if you want genuine empathetic,skilled care and you value your sanity.Warn everyone you know to stay as far away from him as possible.He will not treat you well, emotionally,professionally or skillfully.I used to work for him and was a patient as well,believe me when I say this..stay away! 	 2/11/11	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
14	-1	HE IS VERY SNOTTY TO THE ELDERLY. HE TOLD MY MOTHER THAT IF SHE HAD MORE THAN 2 THINGS TO DISCUSS SHE WOULD HAVE TO MAKE ANOTHER APPT. MY HUSBAND WAS TREATED BY HIM AND SAID THE DOCTOR IS NOT TO BE TRUSTED TO TAKE GOOD CARE OF HIS PATIENTS.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
14	-1	. he didnot have enough time for his patients   i would not recommend him at all 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
15	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	I had a revision done with Dr. Denenberg just over a week ago. He is an AMAZING doctor! I am so happy with the results! He and his staff are so knowledgeable and thorough throughout the entire process. My nose looks even better than the imaging. Dr. D is so talented, he is worth every penny! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	had a revision done on my nose very complex surgery turned out wonderfully Dr. Denenberg was a verycaring Dr. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	I am 1-month post-op from a revision rhinoplasty and extremely pleased with the results!  The tip of my nose was very crooked and droopy, which caused my left nostril to collapse.  Dr. Denenberg was able to improve my breathing and make my nose look great.  He exceeded all of the expectations we set before the surgery, and was extremely patient and meticulous during the entire process.  I give Dr. Denenberg my highest recommendation.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
16	1	Truly a 10 out of 10. My surgery was flawless. This is the best Dr. I have been to, period. I know I sound like a commercial, but I am sooooooooooo happy with my surgery. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	wonderful experience and results. He is worth seeing for the consult so you can judge for yourself 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	This man has a gift. I am three weeks post op and really like the work he has done so far. He is a really nice guy as well. He talked with me about a concern last week . He makes himself available after surgery.. not just after money he cares. I would trust him with my children. He fixed a really bad nose job from 5 years ago . He was the right choice for me. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	very professional and patient.  I am very excited about the revision rhino, because he educated me prior.... and kept it real 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	I had a great experience with this Dr. and couldn't be happier with the results from my rhinoplasty. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	I travelled from the UK to have a rhinoplasty with Dr Denenberg in 2007 and now, two years on, I am very pleased with my end result. I received very good care whilts in the care of Dr Denenberg; he was attentive, knowledgeable and professional in every way. I do recommend this Doctor. 	5	5	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
16	-1	I had a revision with Dr. Denenberg and am extrememly disappointed with the results.  He promised major refining and the tip ended-up bigger.  I made it clear I would not even consider surgery unless he could make major refining results.  He promised he would but failed miserably.  As stated by others, during the consult he acts like he is caring and competent, but after my surgery, I realize now that he would make a super used-car salesman (not meant to slight used-car salesmen). 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	Professional attitude. Explains options and plans well.  Gives plenty of time for questions.  Excellent results!  Totally pleasant experience. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	Dr. Den did a wonderful job on me.  No surgery is perfect...but what he did was a 99.9 percent improvement!  Not only that, but his bedside manner was great. I would not hesitate to recommend him to anyone. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	-1	I would not recommend this doctor. He seemed very nice in the consult, but when there were problems afterwards he rarely responded to my emails and wouldn't acknowledge that there were any problems with  my  nose. (and there clearly were problems)  In retrospect, I don't think he was very good about talking to me realistically and honestly about rhinoplasty before the surgery. He didn't answer my questions and made me feel like I was too stupid to understand and that the surgery would be a breeze.  If I had only known about the things that can happen when you take a lot of nose away, I wouldn't have gone to a doctor that does such dramatic changes. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
16	-1	It is evident that parent of revision patient below is questioning the legitamacy of this site. Please read the disclaimer statement contained within this website for multiple entries, as ISPs are tracked and multiple posts are removed via this system. In addition, you are specific in your claim that it is a &quot;female&quot; patient and thus there should be an inquiry by any &quot;female&quot; poster as to whether or not Dr Denenberg has violated HIPPA, which governs patient confidentiality. If not the case then the post is by a staff member seeking to counter the legitamacy of claims of injuries. As we statistically know that surgeons have a percent of patients who are injured I would deduce you are a staff member. If your son had a solid outcome why not speak to the experience ONLY. Shame on you for your lack of sensitivity towards those who are indeed injured by this or any surgeon. I am a &quot;male&quot; revision patient with poor outcome with this surgeon and also require a reconstruction of nasal anatomy. 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	It is very sad that the Internet can be used to try to ruin a wonderful doctor's reputation.  Because a person might be dissatisfied with Dr. Denenberg does not give her the right to try to destroy his reputation!  He is a brilliant surgeon who did an amazing job on my son's nose after another doctor ****ed it.  He was caring, thoughtful, and made sure we knew what could or could not be accomplished.  He let us know we could not expect perfection, but promised to do his best...and his best was superb.  Several of the above ratings were posted by one person who has spent her many waking hours trying to say terrible things about Dr. Denenberg.  Look at his before-and-after photos, and you will see that he is one of the top doctors in the country.  Ask to talk to his previous patients, which we did, and they will tell you about their experience in his office.  Again, it is sad that one person can cause so much trouble.  She would do better spending time with a psychiatrist! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	Dr. Denenberg is the most compassionate doctor I know. He is really a perfectionist, and did an awesome job. I'm not sure if the other posts are all the same person or not, but I have lived in Omaha, and know several people that have gone to him and he is well known as a good surgeon. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	-1	this &quot;doc&quot; is not legit. he tricks patients into thinking that he is caring, and that he will listen to what they want. he tends to be extreme with nasal shortening and abandons follow up care. who wants a super short nose&#63; 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
16	-1	this &quot;doctor&quot; focuses most of his attention to marketing and publicity. he has so much online advertisements that are disquised as real news. he is very sloppy with his work and tends to make noses very short and very turned up. he suggests additional surgeries that are not needed, and does not perform them right either. once he's messed you up, he will have nothing to do with you. he is not an artist -- he is a computer geek, ego hungry, greedy man who takes no pride in his work and couldn't care less about his patients outcome. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
16	-1	Horrific, Nightmare Doctor from Hell. My sibling went to Denenberg for a routine hump removal -- he insisted that she should also get her chin augmented for balance. He shortened her nose and turned it up super high, plus he made it super crooked and severly deviated her septum. Since her surgery, she suffers constant nose bleeds. Plus, he implanted a male size chin implant -- that was crooked too. It was so crooked, she suffered nerve damage and lost her ability to speak normally. She underwent emergency surgery in NY to remove the chin and repair nerve damage.she has 3 more surgeries to tighten her chin and fix the fat pad b/c of the chin implant problems. Plus, she has to undergo 2 very complicated nasal reconstruction surgeries to correct all of the functional issues he left her with including, open roof, inverted v, terbinate issues, etc -- her reconstructive surgeons told her she looked like their car accident victims. Denenberg markets himself all over the web -- scam artist!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
16	-1	Very unhappy with this doctor. Imaging did not at all resemble outcome. I require a very complex revision to try to correct what this doctor did. Most of what he did is not fixable. Changes were made that were not discussed and I am suffering from multiple aesthetic and functional complications. Surgery with this doctor was the worst decision of my life. 		3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	Dr Denman is the best. I moved 2 hours away from her and still comute to see her. She not only takes care of my needs, when my mother's doctor reitred, I referred Mom to her.  AND, she has a huge network of physicians at her finger tips, many of them in her own family!!!  They must have lively holiday family gathering!  LOVE HER! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	She is very thorough and if she doesn't know, she finds out or has a network of good doctors who specialize in the needed medical field. I rarely have a wait to see her and her nurses return your calls the same day.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
18	1	Excellent care throughout my entire pregnancy. Will definitely be back next time.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	1	I have been going to Dr. Dziko for several years. She is kind, knowledgeable and prompt. Her staff is fantastic.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	-1	I saw Dr Dziko regarding irregular menstrual cycles and unable to achieve conception with my husband. She drew particular attention to the fine hairs on my face that everyone has and told me bluntly, &quot;You should think about waxing you know&quot;. I really felt great about myself after hearing this. Then, she basically told me I could not get pregnant solely because I was overweight. She was not interested in helping me due to being obese. This doctor was a complete waste of my time and I regret having gone to her. I am now with a physician who is helping us achieve our family goal. I would not recommend Dr Dziko to anyone I know.  	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	Melissa is outstanding.  Solved my VVS issue with botox injections.  Please know there is hope out there and Melissa can help you.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	1	facility is run like an assembly line.  they have lost the personalized service.  they seem more concerned about turning a dollar than patient care.  they do not seemed focused on solving the medical problem over getting you out the door after long waiting room times.  they are driven by $$$ instead of patient care.  	2	3	2	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	We've seen Dr Denman many times and each time he has been an absolute delight to work with. Is very open with your options but also will give you the scenario of what HE would do. He was even willing to schedule a second set of ear tubes for my daughter without even seeing her, because he remembered all of our troubles. His associates are also great and we're usually able to get in to see him or someone else on short notice.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	Wonderful Dr. He really worked with the specific needs of our family and was obviously there to help the patient, not for the money.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
21	1	Saw this doctor and was very impressed with his knowledge and friendliness 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	Great doctor.  Very patient and great with kids and very cautious approach 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	I have been going to Dr. Dunning for years and highly recommend him.  He is caring, considerate, and listens well.  Excellent manners.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
22	1	Great Doctor, but it is like pulling teeth to get them to call back when I have questions even though they say on the answering machine that calls before 4:30 will be called back.  Disappointing! 	3	4	4	4 	Insurance:Aetna
22	1	Dr. Dunning cared for my mother for years and I came to know him as well, Dr. Dunning has the most wonderful bedside manner and personality I have come across yet in a Dr.  I would HIGHLY recommend him to anyone at any time.   My Mother called him &quot;Stunning Dunning&quot; 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	1	Good Doctor.  Listens and responds well to questions.  	4	4	5	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
22	1	 	5	5	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	. dr dunning is great could not ask for a better doctor I had beening going to him now for 16 years he is the best and does a very good job 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	1	Dr. Dunning has always been very knowledgeable, understanding, and a great listener. He is very thorough and questions appropriately to better understand your health issues. He is a Dr. you can feel comfortable and confident with.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
22	1	Dr Dunning listens to me,includes me in the decision making process. His sense of humor helps me feel at ease. He takes a lot of time and answers all my concerns/questions. I find his advice to be helpful. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	GREAT doctor.  The best one that I have had in my 50 years 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	1	Dr. Dunning is always willing to help, and if he doesn't know about the complaint, he's always willing to refer you to a specialist. He has a wonderful bedside manner. 		4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	Dr Day is amazing! I was so impressed with how honest and friendly she was.  Dr Day and her staff made me feel so welcome and relazed that I will definitely be back! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	1	Awesome doctor. He takes the time to actually talk and get to know you. The front desk woman usually looks bitter about something, but the rest of his staff is on point. I wish most doctors had his bedside manner.  	2	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
24	1	ALWAYS GIVES ME THE BEST CARE AND SAMPLES OR HELP FILLING PAPERWORK 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	Dr. Daher is the most wonderful Dr. I have ever been to.He always knows when I have other problems besides what I go in for. He takes time to listen & does not rush thought my visits.He greets you with a smile. And leaves you with a smile. He knows I can't afford medications & has given me samples & also papers to fill our as to where I can get free or medications at low cost.I would refer him to the whole world if I could.When I leave his office I already feel better because I know what my medical problem really turned out to be. And whith his visits & Prescriptions I alays feel better within a day or 2.His bedside manner is most pleasent as well.We need more Dr.s like Dr. Daher. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	I don't usually do this, but when my friend told me about this site I had to say something. Dr.Daher has known me for over 14 years and delivered my children . He has seen me at my worst and helped me through when even my family ngave up on me. My kids rather go see him than go to the circus, he is great with them.He also takes time off to help the poor and has on many occasions seen me for free or gone ouy of his way to get me medications that I need. I can go on forever about his care and commitment. His family he is devoted to and shares time to discuss always.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
24	1	Dr. Daher is great! He is always willing to go the extra mile and look things up. He never makes you feel pressured for time, and is very relaxed.  He will help you in anyway he can! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
24	1	Dr. Daher is wonderful to work with. He has a great bedside manner, making you feel very much at ease. He is always willing to look into something more if he is not real sure on something. Always takes time to listen. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	-1	he's terrible 	3	3	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
26	-1	Dr. Diercks is UNPROFESSIONAL, with terrible patient relations.  Worst experience I've ever had with a doctor! I've seen many doctors! 	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
26	0	10 minute appointment slot used 3 mins of my time made me wait 30 i went 3 times and never went back - they never solved any of my problems.  when i cancled my appointment they never called me back to see how i was doing and to make sure i came back...  	 11/2/10	5	1	1	Insurance:HealthFirst
27	1	LOVE HIM!  I have told anyone who asks about him.  He is kind, caring and knows his stuff.  15 years ago - He was able to diagnose me when no one else could.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
28	1	He is caring dentist that will get to the &quot;root&quot; of the problem....many times he'll make calls after hours to check up on his patient.  Great guy! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	-1	The first visit went well, from there it went downhill fast. I would make appointments and when I arrived I would be met by one of her student doctor's. She was out of town alot, or she would be away from the office and a student would have her on speaker phone while he had a difficult time doing a blood pressure. When I would try to reach the doctor for a sinus infection, or a UTI infection, she was never in and the nurses could not call me in anything. Finally one of her nurses who was very nice told me &quot; what good does a doctor do for you if you cannot get ahold of them &#63;&quot; I know someone else that went to her and had the very same complaint as I did. We both go to other physicians now and are happy. I am sure we are not the only ones that felt this way. She needs to be either teaching or doctoring, but she cannot do both! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	Wally is good.  I rate him the highest.  Very caring doc. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	Dr. Duff is a very cordial, human person. He knows my history very well. Dr. Duff is non-threatening and puts one at ease. He has a great sense of humor. Knows his medical field. His office is very interesting, with lots of signed posters featuring actors and athletes. He is very proud of his family, and there are family photos in the lobby.  Great guy! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	1	Dr.Dek is the best! She is very kind and wonderful with not only the parents but the children too. We have been seeing Dr.Dek for 10yrs and I'm sad to think of the day when my kids are grownup and can't see her anymore.  Great doctor - I only wish I could find one like her for myself! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
32	1	Dr. Dek is extremely kind and very thorough. She follows up with us on every item of concern - calling us at home to check in, even if she's waiting for information from other professionals.  I would highly recommend her! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
32	1	When my daughter was an infant, she had several problems.  There were many times I would take her to the ER and they would say nothing was wrong, so I would follow up with Dr. Dek and she would find the problem.  She has saved my daughter, on many occasions, from something worse happening that the doctors in the ER had missed completely.  I have known her for 5 years now.  She is very thorough and actually cares about my child.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
33	1	My kids love him and are always excited to go see him for their check-ups.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
33	1	dr digges is now in oklahoma city.  he's very compassionate, and has a nice way w/ children.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Pacificare
34	1	my doctor retired and I was referred to Dr. Domalakes.  Very thorough, extremely patient (I ask a lot of questions), and concerned.  He actually detected a slight heart murmur which I did not know about.  He took the time to explain that it could be nothing, but wanted to double check.  He is an excellent choice for someone who needs a doctor.  I already scheduled my next check-up with him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
35	-1	Dr. appears too busy, side-tracked or not focused on patient; Appears he does not write notes in file; we maintain records of tests and medications for elderly parent and have to remind Dr. of current medications and labwork needed.  	3	4	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	-1	the staff including the office manager &amp; nurses were not at all helpful when my family memer arrived for an appointment and was then told it was for the next day.  that was a mistake by their staff and when, overwhelmed, my family (on behalf of the elderly aunt) asked for some consideration at least by the nurses to get some preliminary things out of the way they were told no - disgusted they left and when i attempted to assist in the situation by asking for some help rather than waiting another 6days to be seen, i was talked down to, they didn't listed and in the end began raising her voice at me.  we are in the process of moving our elderly aunt to another physician and will be sure to tell those that ask that they should consider doing the same 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	 	2	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	I LOVE DR. DAVENPORT. I WENT TO HER FOR A SECOND OPINION ON FEMALE ISSUES.AND SHE DONE GOOD WITH ME AND ALWAYS TREATED ME WITH RESPECT.EVEN THRU MY SURGER. SHE SPENT ALOT OF TIME EXPLAINING THINGS TO ME. INFACT NOW MY DAUGHTER IS PREGNANT AND WE WILL BE GOING TO HER.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	1	I've been going to Dr. Davenport for 20+ years and think she's a WONDERFUL doctor! I don't understand all these negative ratings she's getting on this site!! She's down to earth yet very professional in all the appointments I and my elderly mother have had with her.  Her nurses and staff are also very helpful and kind! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	-1	I would never recommend this woman to anyone! I saw her for a problem that I had been having for at least 6 months if not longer. I always had to talk to the nurses which told me the exact same thing every time and gave me the run around. Finally when she decided to see me she came in and was out of the exam room and done with the exam in 2 minutes. She spent no time talking to me about the issue I was having. Then after telling my I had a simple infection and giving me medication, it didn't help. I called them back and told them and they said she could do nothing more for me but refer me to a dermatologist&#63;&#63; I went and got a second opinion from another provider come to find out I had a STI. I was furious to find that this was the reason for my pain and suffering for six months and all it would have taken was a test that she obviously didn't perform.  None the less I will NEVER see her again nor would I recommend her to ANYONE!! 	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:Coventry
36	1	I was very pleased with Dr. Davenport for my second pregnancy.  She always answers my questions and is straight forward.   She is a fantastic provider and I will continue to go back to her every year! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	-1	Unfortunately I would not recommend Dr. Davenport. I also was given an episiotomy without my knowledge. I only found out about it after our baby was born and she said she had to give me stitches. For another of our deliveries, she tried to speed up the process so I would be done in time for her to leave on a trip out of town. She heavily pressured me to let her break my water. When I refused, she then examined me very vigorously, not for sure but I think she was trying to break it 'accidentally'.  She also wanted me to start pushing before it was time so that I'd be ready to deliver by the time she got to the hospital. I wouldn't do it. I was so grateful that the time ran out and she finally left for her trip. Someone else who was in the hospital ended up delivering our child. The rest of the delivery went fantastic with the different person. 	5	3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	She was always very helpful with my first time mom questions.  I have suggested that others go to her and they have also been pleased 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	1	I have gone to Dr. Davenport for over 20 years and think she's a wonderful doctor.  I have never had any problems with her, she's always very pleasant, helpful, caring, and considerate.  She delivered both of my kids. I can't believe these ratings she's gotten, as I think she's great!  I don't look forward to the day that she retires!! :( 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
36	-1	I went for her for a number of years and yes, she was always rushed, didn't look at you when she saw you in public-pretty much glared at you, warning you not to say anything.  Last straw, I finally asked her a very personal question and I could see that she was about ready to laugh in my face but basically bit her lip as she said, I do not even see what you are talking about.  DO not go to this horrible woman.  I believe she has even had some malpractice suits against her.  	4	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	0	I found her office staff to be very kind and helpful and her nurse was so kind and thoughtful.  However once I met the Dr I was a little taken back by her harshness and wasn't thrilled with her bedside manner.  She was rushed and didn't seem to really want to listen to my concerns.  I have not gone back and found a new doctor.  	4	4	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	0	She left me after an induced baby to wait and wait for her arrival while my baby was stuck in the birth canal for nearly 2 hours.  When she finally arrived at the hospital, it was by happenstance.  She confessed to the nurse that her pager battery had died and that is why she had not been answering pages.  Then when she walked into the delivery room the nurse said she is crowning I swear- oh gee sorry to bother you Doc!!   Fortunately, I had a healthy baby.  However, her bedside manner needs some work- beginning with looking people in the eye when speaking.  She also said we would discuss an episiotomy before having one and instead just grabbed the scissors and cut like crazy.  A week later I saw her at Walgreens and she didn't even look at me.   How can you have that little interest in your patients&#63;&#63;&#63;  No WAY would I ever go to her again!!!! 	1	5	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	-1	I believe that this doctor should have caught my pre-eclampsia before seizures occured. I do not feel that she listened to my concerns about how I was feeling. 		2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	I have a great life because of Dr Dresbach.  I would recommend the Doctor to anyone.  He really found his calling.  He is EXCELLENT!  He really takes time to explain things to you and doesn't rush you off like most of the DR.s I have been in contact with.  I can't say enough GREAT things about Dr. Dresbach....He is the best! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	When I moved to lincoln from the Hastings area, I was convinced I would drive to Hastings to continue to see my family Dr. When I realized this just wasn't practical, I was put in contact with Dr Dresbach...That was 8 years ago and I have never regreted that decision. Dr D. is the most genuine doctor I have ever met. Being a Nurse I have been in contact with many doctors and their are very few Doctors here in the Lincoln area that even come close to offering what he has to offer. The only downfall is it is difficult to get into see him. Thanks Dr D. for Being our family Doc.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
37	1	Dr Dresbach saved my life.  When my husband abandoned me, I went crazy!  He totally talked to me and calmed me down.  He gave me meds so I could cope with my problems. Just knowing I had a person to talk to was a life saver. I thank God there are Doctors who really care and feel for the human race. He is and will be the best doctor I have ever come in contact with.  I love that he loves his patients. Thanks Dr.  Dresbach!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
37	1	Dr Dresbach is the greatest family doctor we could ask for!  He sees our entire family and has delivered both of our children.  We highly recommend Dr Dresbach and his entire office.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
37	1	Great Dr. he is very nice informitive and helpful. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	Dr. Dresbach is a wonderful doctor.  He takes the time to explain what is going on with me.  He is not condsending.  He has a great bedside manner.  He is the best doctor I have ever had.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
37	1	Dr. Dresbach is the nicest, most friendly doctor I have ever had the pleasure of seeing.  He is very knowledgeable and gets the patients input on issues.  He takes the time to listen and I really hope he is a doctor here until the day I die so I can see him up until that day.  He's the best doctor ever and I'm not even kidding.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	1	When our regular physician is unavailable, I much prefer to see Dr. Davey, I am just as comfortable taking my kids to him as our regular ped.  He is very attentive, answers questions, is easy to talk to, is obviously very knowledgeable, and great with our kids.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
39	1	Dr. DiNucci clearly is one of the best doctors in his specialty.  I have gone to many for my foot problems but he understood and made sure I understood what the problem was and how we were going to fix it.  I would recommend him to anyone. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	He helped me to understand my knee problem, and then fix it doing an arthroscopy.  It was a very quick recovery!!  No pain at all!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	-1	I work construction and need full use of my body. Despite the fact I cannot walk without crutches, Dr. Daccarett seemed to think I could go back to work. He was very impatient and wouldn't listen, especially when I asked him to stop aggravating the injury I came in for. He ignored me when I mentioned other pain that has come from this first injury, and ignored me when I mentioned that I have a fever of 101 degrees while suffering all this pain. While the pain has started in a single foot it has spread to the other foot, up to my knees, hips, back, and even to my wrist. He did not even recognize the fact that I was in pain, and thought that 800mg of ibuprofen every four hours was just fine. He did not listen when I told him my body hurt and he only consulted the 1 foot that was initially hurt which he reaggravated by pulling on my toe despite my a painful remarks and painful expression on my face. I waited for an hour in lobby despite being on time, for him to him to put me in more pain 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	Very caring.  Explained fully to my mother the medications and how to take them.  Willing to answers from family and patient, did not feel rushed.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
43	1	She has been my doctor for over 6 years. She is the BEST.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
43	1	great listener! and speaks in lay terms. she takes all the time necessary to listen and explain. highly recommened! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	Very helpful. Very knowledgeable on medications. Seems to be more interested in a person's well-being than their money.  Definitely my favorite psychiatrist!!! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
44	1	 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	We have been seeing Dr. Domet for 18 years. My kids love him. He always follows up to check on the kids. I have to agree with all of the other positive reviews posted. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	THIS IS BY FAR THE BEST DOCTOR I HAVE EVER DONE BUSINESS WITH. I HAVE BEEN TAKING MY KIDS TO HIM FOR 26 YEARS WITHOUT A SINGLE COMPLAINT. PERFECT CARE TO THE POINT OF GOING ABOVE AND BEYOND THE EXPECTED.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
45	1	We switched to Dr. Domet when Dr. Rath retired, reason being is they were both the best and I wanted to stay with the best! He is very very thorough in his physicals or when treating illnesses. His bedside manner is out of this world and my kids are very comfortable with him! He goes above and beyond with his patients... one of the best in my opinion, I hope there are more doctors following in his footsteps the world would be a much better place!! We Love Him!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	1	Dr. Domet came highly recommended to us.  He diagnosed in minutes our daughter needed her tonsils and adnoids removed.  Our previous pediatrician could not figure it out even after many tests and hospital visits.   Both of our children are very comfortable with him and is never an issue &quot;going to the doctors office&quot; 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
45	1	Ive been seeing Dr. Domet for over 23 years now. He was my doctor growing up and is still my doctor now. He is very knowledgeable and has actually saved my life TWICE with two different VERY RARE diseases I have had. He is the only doctor out of the 9 I saw at the age of 5 who diagnosed me on this rare condition and saved my life. When I had kidney stones not only was he the one who diagnosed me but the other docs said it was back problems. I went to a urologist and they wouldn't admit me to the hospital and HE FOUGHT the doctor and admitted me himself so I could get the care needed. Dr. Domet is one of the BEST doctors I have ever met, all my family uses him and regardless if he is a pediatrician or not he will see you just because he cares no matter your age. So if your looking for one of the best doctor's for your children.  I would give him a call 402-778-6900 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	1	All four children have seen Dr. Domet for the past 12 years.  He's the kindest, most thorough Doc with whom I've ever had the pleasure of interacting.  He's overworked, but he always follows through.  He'll call back, unsolicited, to see if the patient is doing better.  His dedication to the children is never in question.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	1	Dr. Domet has been very helpful with our children and has been very available after hours (which is when all children seem to get sick!)  He has great bedside manner and is very knowledgable.  We have never waited long for an appointment and he is very open to discussing our concerns or issues.   He was highly recommended to us and rightly so! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	1	Dr. Domet is wonderful with my 2 children.  He is very gentle with them.  He listens to my concerns and answers all my questions, never rushing through the appointment.  He came highly recommended to me, and I have to agree...he's the best.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
46	1	Dr. Brion and his staff are absolutely phenomenal. Dr. Brion always gives me a very real explanation that I can understand. They always remember me by name, as well as my wife, and family history. They make me feel like a welcomed family member when I visit. I would recommend Dr. Brion and the entire staff at Oakview Dental to anyone looking for a dentist.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
46	1	Dr.  Dalton and his staff are TOP NOTCH!!! Always friendly and always want to make the patient feel comfortable!!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
47	1	I was pregnant with my 2nd child and was having sharp pains in my lower back, so I went to see Dr. Davis. (AKA Dr. Matt) I was cured after a few months of getting my back adjusted. Then I got into an accident and was right back at his office. I have continued my care with him for the last 3 years and my kids even get ajusted by him! They love him!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	-1	I called twice with questions about my stress fracture and the office manager is very rude and abrupt.  acts like she doesn't know me.  I'm having problems and wanted some answers and she acts like she doesn't have time.  for this reason i will see another doctor if the problem persists.  	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	0	This doctor charges by the minute to just talk to him.I was there for about 25 minutes and got charged 245.00 and 50.00 and x-ray for each foot.I think I made his car payment for him. 	4	5	1	5 	Insurance:Unknown
49	-1	. He is not considerable 	1	4	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
50	1	Outstanding,Board Certified Cardiac/Thoracic surgeon.......among the very best in the Midwest.Also provides excellent and friendly communication with patients in all phases of diagnosis, treatment and follow-up.  	 3/5/09	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
51	-1	I was briefly seen by Dr. Davis, an M.D. in a dental office at U.N.M.C, for an irritation in the roof of my mouth.  Dr. Davis spent about 20 seconds looking at the area of irritation, then exclaimed, &quot;I don't know what that is.&quot;  That was the extent of the examination.  He did not give me a diagnosis.  He said nothing about what might be causing the irritation; no treatment; no recommendations for any form of treatment and that was it.  He just walked away and didn't say another word.  When I received the bill, it was for $125.00!  I was very upset.  This is a large office of dentists, including Dr. Davis, an M.D./Surgeon.  This office is in a building adjoining the University of Nebraska Medical  Center, with many offices of specialty physicians.  I was extremely disappointed in the service I (didn't) receive(ed) for $125.00. 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
51	-1	Dr refused to listen to my history of 15 years with the same Dr in CA. Refused to treat problem, except with anit-depressents. Was rude, and only spent a total of 2 min with me. He made me feel stupid and not important. The WORST dr I have ever seen. And I had waiting 2 years to have insurance for this kind of dr after not having any, and had absolutely no help or relief.  DISAPPOINTED - DO NO GO TO HIM 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
52	1	I've seen Dr. DeFord on a regular basis for nearly 4 years now and have never been less than impressed with her extreme level of care as a dentist. My 4-year-old son now goes to her as well. She's not a pediatrice dentist, yet she has great patience and is so very gentle. She always remembers my family when we come in and makes us feel very at ease. She helped me figure out some jaw pain and immediately took care of it while answering any/all questions I had. I couldn't recommend her enough. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	Good guy. I am the fourth person in our family to use him for orthopaedic surgery, and we all love him. He is up front and honest and does not sugar coat anything. If its gonna hurt like hell, we will tell you straight up its gonna hurt like hell. I would recommend Dr. DeGroote to anyone needing orthopaedic surgery.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
53	-1	I had broken my arm in a car accident. Dr. degroote done my surgery. I ended up getting pins and screws in my arm.  I fell one week after my surgery. Dr. Degroote told me it was fine. When actually it moved out of place and grew back wrong. therapy wasn't the word for it. I was told to sue him but before I could he packed up and left town. I suffer everyday. I would not recommend him to anyone not even to work on my dog if I had one. He sucks big time. He will take your money and run. No joke. 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
53	0	Knee replaced, severe pain for almost one year.  Dr. Degroote ignored my symptoms. Knee was badly infected. One year later saw another dr. Knee had to be removed. IVs for 6 weeks. Another knee put in. 	2	4	4	1 	Insurance:Unknown
54	-1	Was very excited to see this Dr., my first of many pain specialists. Had over an hour wait to get to a room. Lady came in, didn't identify herself, took my history, left for a few minutes, came back with a script, then we got ushered out the door by a different lady. First visit, didn't even see the doctor! Sent us a very clear message &quot;I DON&quot;T CARE&quot; from the dr. The lady, we later found out, was her P.A. Attention doctors, if you don't want any more patients, treat them like this doctor did me.  I vote with my feet! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
54	-1	This dr. wanted to treat me with mind altering meds that did not help problem just turned me into a sombi.I quit taking them and am living with my pain 	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
54	-1	I have gone to this doctor for several years, and I'm lucky to see her all of about 5 minutes on each visit. She is very stuborn in her ways and mostly pushes the expensive injections for pain. She just does not listen to me when I tell her I'm in such horrible pain, and does little to nothing about it. She can't seem to wait to move on to the next patient. I think she cares less about her patients and more about her income.  		4	1	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
54	1	she was nice caring and very willing to work 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	Very knowledgeable and took time to talk with me so I understood her medical opinion. Compassionate, and staff was excellent.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	1	She was great happy and willing to help 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
54	-1	Nazi Pain Management doc and practice. All are on a power trip and the doc will make you jump through hoops even if you are innocent of any violations of your opiate contract. Will NOT speak to you on the phone. Nurses do all communication and most of it is miscommunicated to the physician. Avoid like the plague. 		3	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	Takes her time to get you the best diagnosis. 	4	5	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	I would recommend Dr. Coffey to anyone!  She is wonderful with my child and always willing to chat.  I have never felt that she is trying to rush us out the door.  She takes the time to talk with us, answer questions, and give suggestions.  Her nurses are great as well as the PA.  We also appreciate being able to call with a question and having a nurse call us right back.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
56	1	Dr. Coffey is very thorough, knowledgeable and caring.  She devotes the time you need to your child and explaining the diagnosis to you.  She never makes you feel bad for bringing your child in or asking questions.  We LOVE her & her nurses Janelle & Erin.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
56	1	Dr. Coffey is wonderful.  She is always available and very patient with my two kids.  My kids never complain when they have an appointment because the love seeing her and trust her.  Whenever there is a problem she is very kind in explaining what's going on.  I trust her opionion when she recommends a specialist for my children. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	We had extreme success with Dr. Doherty!! She is a God send! She was encouraging, yet realistic. Very professional and helpful! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	Dr. Doherty knows her stuff and is straight to the point.  We liked her dry sense of humor.  She tends to forget most are unaware of what is really going on, but again I trust her.  I did do a lot of internet searches to educate myself.  We have done 5 IUIs and 2 took. We were looking for someone who can get us pregnant, not someone to sweet talk us and educate us.  She can do that.  	4	5	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
57	1	Maud and her staff are, simply put, the best. I began this journey at Dr. Maclin's office, and not only did I NEVER get pregnant, every time I went there I was treated HORRIBLY. Maclin's staff is the worst I've ever dealt with. I finally went to Doherty's office, got pregnant right away, and have always been treated with respect and kindness. We're pregnant with baby #2 with help from Doherty's office. She's wonderful and I couldn't have asked for a better Doctor to help us along during this difficult process. If you need fertility help, go see Doherty. She'll git-r-done.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
57	1	Dr. Doherty is very knowledgeable and to the point.  She can sometimes be perceived as someone lacking emotion but she gets the job done and that is what counts! I would highly recommend her for your fertility issues! 	4	5	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
57	1	My first child was born at 24 weeks gestation and died at 10 days old and then I had 12 miscarriages.  I finally went to Maud for over a year to carry my son to term.  I was 22 years old and other Drs treated me very disrespectfully, because I was so young they thought I had all the time in the world.  Maud said I was the youngest patient she had treated and did not waste my time and money keeping me on clomid forever like some Drs do.  I also appreciated how well they were organized which allowed me to get in, get out, and get back to work.  I did my homework and didnt make her waste her time telling me every little thing. I know she is busy helping other families with the same blessings she gave me which is far more important than having her answer questions I could figure out on my own.  I am so thankful to her every day I look at my children and know I wouldnt have them without her help.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
57	1	Dr. Oakes was our primary doctor but Maud did our insemination.  I agree with previous reviews - she is definitely to the point and does not sugar coat things but honestly, by the time we reached the point where we needed fertility treatments, we were tired of the sugar coating.  I found Maud to be very helpful and resourceful.  And we got pg on our first insemination - I always felt like the office would do what it took to get us (and keep us) pg.  Yes, they talk to you in the hallway but I never felt like my privacy was at issue.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
57	1	After trying insemination for over a year and a half with Maud we finally did IVF.  Maud does not sugar coat things but she knows her stuff.  If you want a child, and it is physically possible, Maud will help you.  We just recently went back two years after our first child was born and now have two wonderful children.  Going into that clinic for over two years, we got to know the staff, who to talk to and how to ask questions.  They were always friendly to us.  Just know that they are VERY busy and aren't able to give you all the time you may want but if you do exactly what Maud says, the outcome will most likely be what you went there for....a child. 	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
57	-1	The estimate sheet is a joke. Whatever she says, just double the price.  Me and my wife had two IVF procedures performed by her and you are nothing but another number. It felt like we were cattle, just get us through everything fast as possible so that she can collect her next paycheck.  Every time we called the office, it sounded like we were the inconvenience to answer any questions and we were paying them thousand of dollars. If you want to know anything, you better research yourself.  She will stand you in the hallway of her office, in the middle of everybody and all traffic, and tell you nothing unless you ask the right question.  For paying her that much money, I figured she would have told me more than I could handle, what a fake.  I will never use her or any one in her office again. Even the intern that she paraded through her office seemed too good to talk to anyone. If I want to be treated like a disease and pay double, she will accommodate your money. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	Maud is a great doctor. She will not sugar-coat things. I agree she is busy but she will answer valid questions. If you want to go through the IVF process, know your stuff and trust she is doing the best for you. I knew kind of what to expect, not which drugs, but the process. She gives you plenty of literature. Read it. But she fully answered our questions. We did not and have not questioned her treatment. We trust her. If you want a baby and can handle the truth, Maud is the one for you. If you need to be handled with kid gloves, find another doctor who will make you feel better about the situation you are in then. We went in realistic and positive, we came out feeling reassured a child was possible.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
57	1	She's rude and I am still not pregnant.  Spends no time with patients.  Because this isn't covered by insurance starting over with a new doctor would cost double.  However if I had to do this all over again I would definitely see Dr Victoria Maclin 	2	5	2	5 	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	We are working with Dr.Doherty for our second child after the sucess of our first.  We went through many rounds of IVF to conceive our first and had ups and downs with Maud but when it's a sucess it is all worth it.  I would recommend her with a side note to not take anything personally she is here to help you. 	4	5	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	Maud is very straightforward and honest.  She will not 'guess' at what the outcome will be--she will not hold your hand--if you want that, you need to go to your Priest or a parent.  Instead, she will give you the best care she can possibly provide with the goal being to conceive a child.  We became parents because of her and for that we will be forever grateful for her.  I thank God for putting intelligent doctors like Maud in Omaha and we will be going back to conceive number two (and more!).  Make the smart choice and choose a good doctor over one that will coddle you.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
57	1	I love Dr Doherty.  I am an RN though, and that may make a difference.  I like her straight to the point attitude and her honesty/straight forwardness.  I understand that this is a very sensitive time in the lives of women trying to conceive and if you need to be coddled, she's DEFINITELY not the one to do it!! 	4	3	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
57	-1	I had a absolutely horrible experience here.  Maud has a total God complex and thinks she is the only way anyone can get pregnant.  I def agree with poster who says she treats you like a piece of meat. She has not tact, no compassion, and is simply and utterly rude.  She would give the whole city in vitro without asking any questions if she could. 	1	5	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	I went in for a consultation after having gone through 2 rounds of clomid with no success.  Dr. Doherty was friendly and explained things to me in a clear way, but a little too fast.  The nurse that helped me was nice but the office staff was not.  Unfortunately I will not be able to continue treatments because my insurance covers nothing. 	4	5	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	Dr. Doherty helped us with conceiving both of our children.  Those that feel she is too harsh are just too sensitive.  Either you want the best or you don't.  She is the best.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
57	1	I have seen Dr. Doherty for over 3 years. She may not always come accross as the friendliness, but as I have gotten to know her I realize she is human and runs a very busy clinic. She is invested in her patients and will do everything she can to help you concieve and that is what really matters. She genuinely does care about her patients. She worked hard to get us pregnant and after succeeding and then losing our child, she was very supportive and has helped us with our transition back to trying to concieve again. I would not reccommend anyone else for treating infertility issues. Dr. Doherty is the BEST and most of her staff share the same ambition and care for their patients. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
57	-1	There is a sign posted in Dr. Doherty's office stating &quot;This isn't Burger King, you'll have it my way.&quot; After receiving treatment here I can confirm that is the way this office runs.  Dr. Doherty does has above average success rates for IVF in the US, however she absolutely does not welcome questions.  My questions were answered with blunt bullying remarks instead of medical reasoning.  I have sought treatment elsewhere and still have not had success and most likely never will, but am very happy I moved on to a different clinic where questions are answered and patients are treated with respect. 	3	3	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	Dr. Doherty is the right mix of compassion and pragmatism.  I think she's a great doctor overall. 	4	5	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	I think she is great.  I am not the type of patient who wants to have my medical information sugar-coated.  I wanted facts, and her office gave them to me. She knows what she is doing and that is what is important to me.  Infertility is a different experience for everyone and the choice in physicans is a very personal one.  I wasn't looking for a doc who was touchy-feely.  I wanted someone who knew how to help us concieve a child...and she did.  1st IVF was a success. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
57	-1	If you want an infertility doctor who will treat you with cold, clinical indifference, like a piece of meat, then go to Maude Doherty. She will make you feel as though you are wasting her time, so she can get to the next patient billing and speak to you as if you are a child with a sub-normal IQ. Her nurses share her demeanor and treat you as if you are just a piece of machinery on an assembly line. 	2	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	Dr. Drakulich very thorough and knowledgeable.  I would recommend her to anyone that needed to see an eye doc &amp; asked my opinion. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
59	1	Dr. Dobleman is very good at what he does.  He performed surgery on my daughter and she came through with no problems whatsoever.  I would highly recommend him. I guess when you go to a highly skilled doctor you have to wait, but the wait wasn't bad at all.  	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	1	Often call to change location of appointment then have to wait 2 hours - kind of frustrating. Nurses not very friendly. The plus is the quality of the physician.  	2	1	3	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	1	Wonderful staff and Dr. Dobleman spent time with me and I was treated with respect.  No complaints 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Lumenos
59	-1	 	2	5	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	One of the very best you will find. He has greatly helped not only my immediate family but my parents. They don't get any better. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	When I had my heart attack I was an hour away from any major hospital. Thank God for unanswered prayers. I was rushed to Missouri Valley, Ia where I was then rushed to Immanuel Hospital. Where I first met Dr. Michael, who saved my life. Having gone through one before in 2002. I can tell you you will not find a better doctor when in a major heart attack. Thank you Dr. Michael because of you, I have been able to see three of my grandchildren born. I thank God for you everyday. 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	Dr. Duncan is a very enjoyable and helpful doctor! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	Dr Duckert is unbelieveable.   He shows such care and compassion for his patients and is by far the best radiation oncologist in the state of Nebr 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
64	1	He was one of the kindest and most caring Dr's I have ever met. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	. I really felt like she was truly intested in what I had to say and gave me clear answers to my questions 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
66	1	Dr. Dalton is a blessing to have as a doctor.  He is patient, understanding, and very helpful.  He shows genuine concern for his patients and their well-being.   I'd recommend him to anyone, any time!  I have had high blood pressure, and am type 2 diabetic and his advice has helped me manage both conditions successfully! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
66	1	Dr.Dalton is patient and understanding.  He is very helpfull and if he doesn't have the answer he will find the doctor that does. I feel very fortunate to be under his care. He will remain my doctor for as long as he is in practice.   Anyone looking for an intellegent family physician, he is the one! 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	1	This was one of the best experiences I had at a Physicians office. Very caring and the Doctor gave excellent explanation of the benefits of Chiropractic.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	0	He needs to stop telling jokes and trying to find a mystery diagnosis.  He orders tests that cost a lot of money and are, in the grand scheme of things useless.  He has been fired time and time again by hospital patient becuase he does not listen.  He is quick to judge anyone an alcoholic if they have more than a couple of drinks in a week.  Some patients may have drinking problems, but not everyone who has an alcoholic beverage needs to go to AA and thier family to Alanon. 	1	1	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	Dr. Kim Duncan is one of the most caring and genuine people we've ever met.  He met each of our panicked questions with patience and understanding, and always made us feel as if our child was his only patient.  Nebraska is extremely lucky to have such a talented surgeon and wonderful person caring for our children! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
69	-1	I had a stroke in the presence of De. Kim Duncan and he laughed and me and commented that I was on too many pain meds.  I was no longer on pain meds and didn't find out for months that I had suffered a stroke.  He is a great surgeon, but beware. 	1	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	Dr. Duncan is the best Pedi CardioThorasic Surgeon in the Midwest. In my opinion he is the best in the world. He saves lives!! He has performed three open heart surgeries on our son. He has wonderful bedside manners. He will explain everything until you understand. He is by far, the best heart surgeon we have EVER met. He is great with the kids. HIGHLY Recommended. He is located at Children's Hospital in Omaha Nebraska. His office phone number is 402-955-4360. The Schmeichel Family 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
