dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	I went to Dr. Martin for a knee problem which incurred due to an accident. He immediatly knew it was a torn menuscus. His surgery was flawless. His staff is awesome, caring and always friendly. He has excellent hearing skills, answers your questions in terms you can understand, and doesn't opt for surgery and his first choice. I would recommend this doctor and his staff to any and everyone. The only negative is that there is usually a 15-30 minute wait. However, the wait is worth it to have the best.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
1	1	I've had numerous appointments and he was NEVER on time. I left one time after an hour. His office girl TWICE ignored sterile procedures when preparing injections. I believe he's good, knowledgeable and probably a good surgeon. But I'm going elsewhere for the shoulder surgery I need after he missed the diagnosis of rotator tear and the steril procedure thing. He was not thorough in the description of the proposed surgery. Not my first choice, though initially recommended by my primary doctor.  	3	1	3	4 	Insurance:Aetna
1	1	What an awesome doctor and staff.  They work well together as a strong &quot;team&quot;. From the moment you walk into the office you feel comfortable and at ease. Every staff member always seems happy and running around but not to busy to answer questions.  Dr. Martin, was both my sports orthopedic doctor and my surgeon. He has a great personality, great bedside manner, makes jokes to make you relax and listens to your concerns. Dr. Martin communicates in a manner that you can understand and not doctor talk. I have always chosen to use sports orthopetics instead of general orthos. because I believe they see small thinks that general orthopetics may miss. What else is awesome is that his staff will stay after closing to make sure if you called during the day you had gotten your answer, and Dr. Martin himself tells his patients to page him after hours if they have concerns. Seriously, I can't say enough about this great team. You have a problem, check them out.  	 10/4/09	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
2	1	I had to see this doctor for a nerve test. I was pretty nervous since everyone said it was so painful. The doctor was talking to me the entire time and had me very relaxed. I was no where near as painful as  everyone made me believe. I would recommend this doctor to anyone I know.  	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	1	Reading these comments obviously some people are just bitter. They probably didn't want to go back to work since they sprained there neck. Really a sprain, that should heal fairly quickly. I had no problems with this doctor. He listened to me and my work injury was resolved fairly quickly.  	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
2	-1	This so called &quot;specialist&quot; is horrible. He touched my back, had me touch toes, &amp; turn my neck side to side.  I have a cervical neck strain...he never examined my neck at all. Never thought you could be a &quot;specialist&quot; by asking patients to do head, shoulders, knees, &amp; toes. I'm in the wrong line of work. Would never recommend this person.  	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Workers Comp
2	1	Great doctor. I was able to get appointments quickly.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
2	1	Wonderful doctor. My appointments were always fairly quick. The staff was nice and polite. They were very efficient on communicating with my worker's comp insurance to get everything approved. If you get injured on the job, I hope your insurance sends you to him. Any questions or concerns I had were always addressed.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
2	1	One negative comment since July 2010 and 36 + years experience, not too bad. I was very pleased. I have dealt with this Dr. for over 12 years in business and was a private patient.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	-1	This doctor has a very abrupt bedside manner.  Does not want to listen to the patients and does not try to solve the patient's problems.  I would not recommend this doctor to anyone!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	Dr Nick is the best. Don't miss going to Dr Maffeo for all your dental needs. He helped my spouse get through her serious dental problems. He gets our praise and thanks. Staff is also efficient and helpful. Pleasant experience. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	Dr NIck is a skilled and artistic Dentist who, for the first time in decades of dental healthcare, gave me painless treatment for repairing teeth broken in accident. That's enough for any recommendation, but you'll also like him very much too...  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	Dr. Maffeo is an excellent caring Dentist. He is a DMD and is excellent in his knowledge, training and skills. I personally highly recommend this skilled dentist.If you are looking for the best, use him.  He actually called to see how I was progressing after an appointment and gave several very helpful suggestions.Thank you for  your caring. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	This is my third pregnancy and my family is truly blessed with Dr. Martin and his staff. I am sincerely amazed by his genuine empathy and patience as we are journeying through a very difficult pregnancy. I have been in the medical field as a patient and professional for the past 15 years and know that Dr. Martin is a rarity. Thank you to him and his staff.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	He is an excellent doctor.  He will answer any question you have.  He is very friendly and a good person.  I would recommend him to anyone.  The waiting room could be a bit long a times.  But he treats all his patients equally and takes as much time each one wants.  He is worth the wait, especially when you are pregnant and have lots of questions.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
4	1	Dr. Martin is a fabulous doctor.  He always listens, takes his time, and is up on the most recent literature.  He encourages informed patients.  He has a wonderful bedside manner.  I paid cash when he no longer took my insurance.  I would not have any other doctor deliver my babies. 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	Dr. Martin is wonderful.  We had twins and he was great and helped us through our difficult pregnancy.  You are better off making appointments for the morning to avoid waiting in the afternoon.  Dr. Marting spends as much time as you need with him, which is worth waiting for. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	Dr. Martin was recommended to me by a close friend. I have thanked her after each visit with this wonderful man. He is not only extremely knowledgeable in his field, he also truly listens to his patients and cares about making sure they become healed. On my first visit, he sat down and listened to me about my health concerns and offered suggestions as well as his own personal experiences to help me feel better. We laughed and had such a great time! I was on such a high after seeing him and having someone finally listen to me! He is a rarity and a blessing to Las Vegas. It doesn't get any better than Dr. Martin. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	Dr. Martin is the most wonderful physician! My husband and I encountered some heartaches trying to conceive and he was the most amazing, considerate, gentle doctor during that time. He eventually delivered our first child three years ago and I have referred many to him in a heartbeat. His bedside manner, his expertise, and his compassion make waiting a little longer in the office not bothersome whatsoever. I would rather wait to see him than be hurried through a doctor's visit. Jane, the office's RN, is THE BEST, too! I love that I have a doctor I feel safe with and trust. There is nothing better. :-) 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	I love Dr. Martin!.  Yes you will have to wait however once he sees you, you will understand. He takes his time with every patient. He is kind, gently, and funny. I hope he never leaves vegas. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	He''s a great doctor -- and I love his office.  The wait can be long because he does take his time... the best thing is to make your appointments with him first thing in the morning or right after lunch. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	Dr. Martin is the best OB/GYN I have ever had. When my insurance switched and he was no longer in network, I paid the out of network costs to keep him and will continue to do so. You may have to wait a bit to see him sometimes but that just means that he takes time with his patients to make sure that they get all their questions answered. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	I left Las Vegas three years ago and I still miss Dr. Martin! I have seen many physicians, and not one of them compares to him. He is kind, funny, honest and knowledgeable. Moreover, when he is unfamiliar with a given condition, he will refer you to someone with more expertise. He returns phone calls promptly and will always put your mind at ease. He merits the highest praise! 		2	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	Excellent doctor for both optometry and opthamology.  Patient, knowledgeable and professional 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	Excellant dentist..thoughtful, caring, gentle. Had tooth extraction with little, if any, pain. Attentive and understanding.  Best dentist I have ever seen ! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Veterans Administration
6	1	I had four teeth pulled painlessly by this dentist. She is excellent, gentle touch. I also see her at the VA. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	All I have to say is WOW..Dr. McConnell is the &quot;BEST&quot;..I have ever had, Very helpful, knowledgeable and caring. I have had Dr. McConnell now at the VA Hospital In Reno for over a year! I Highly recommend!!..  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Veterans Administration
7	1	I am very pleased with Dr. Mayville.  He was very helpful, kind, and understanding with my issue.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
8	-1	I highly recommend to run the other way if you have to anywhere near this Dr. or this hopsital.  He and their staff are highly crude, unknowledable and posses no morals or whatsoever. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	Dr. mayes was my doctor for my first pregnancy back in 2007 i am expecting again and i obviously am not seeing her again she wasa great doctor but she didnt even show up the day my daughter was born i had a lot of complications with her she was born with a heart problem and the doctor that actually delivered her didnt have any idea until after i pushed her out of her heart problems and had the nerve to yell at me .. i think i would have better things to say about dr.  mayes if she had actually been there for the delivery 	3	3	3	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
9	-1	she was my ob/gyn when I first came to vegas. for 3 yrs she tried to figure out what was causing my pain. finally recommended a hysterectomy. hopeful that this would work, I agreed. had the hysterectomy (total) and still had the pain. finally went to new ob/gyn, had to have another hysterectomy. 1st one wasnt complete. left an ovary in. I have never had a child and now I will never be able to. I would NOT recommend this doctor.  	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	the staff is not is not very helpful. the dr has been my dr for 3 yrs now and i think she is great, she always answers every question we have and takes the time to explain them. it does take a long time to actually see her, but i think is just because of the staff.  	2	2	5	5 	Insurance:Pacificare
9	1	Dr. Mayes was my ob-gyn right before I got pregnant. On the whole duration of my pregnancy, I think I have seen her only twice or thrice. Most of my check ups were handled by her nurse Tracy Nielson. She wasn't even there when I gave birth. I had some problem giving birth because my child's umbilical cord was wrapped around her neck and my water already broke. Still, the nurse was the one attending to me and she can't handle it so, instead of me giving birth by noon ( I was admitted to the hospital at 6 am) I gave birth at 4:30 pm because we have to wait for Dr. Nader to normally and safely deliver my baby. Asked her if the maternity wards at North Vista hospital is good and she recommended it. It sucks because I have to be left all alone after giving birth. They don't allow family members with you after 9 pm then kick you out the following day. Long wait for check ups,then spends just a few minutes to see you. Will never recommend this doctor.  	3	1	3	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	-1	It takes too long to wait in her office. You have to wait atleast 1 hour after your appointment time to see her and when you finally do see her she stay with you for only 5 minutes. 		1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
9	-1	I have concerns about infertility. I had to wait 50 mins after my appoitment. When I finally got in to see her I brought up my concerns she brushed them off. She was in the room with my for less than 10 mins. Horrible Experience. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
10	-1	Terrible and very unprofessional!! Do not recommend, terrible bed side manner and never available to talk when u need any of them! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	Caring, takes her time with you if it is needed. Thorough with exam, testing, and interview. I recommended many of my family and friends to go see her if they need a doctor. 	5	5	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
12	0	She was very good when I got to see her. Her staff was the worst they never called me back I always had to call them. I just wish she would get her office staff together. I loved seeing her and talking to her but her staff sucked big time, that's what made me go some other place. 	1	1	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
12	-1	Her staff was horrible!!! Never returned any of my phone calls. I would have to drive to her office just to talk to someone and even then they were clueless. They never filed my insurance properly and even double billed me and my husband. The doc was okay but her staff was completely worthless. This has been the consensus from 3 other women I know that dealt with her staff. Dr. McConnell needs to recognize her unprofessional staff is causing her to lose patients!! 	1	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	We just wanted to say thanks for the great care we've received.  This whole process was emotionally rough but we always felt comfortable and treated with care and a personal touch-not just another patient.  We are still amazed it took only one try with one embryo.  We can't wait for our little miracle to arrive!  We will always be grateful and Dr. McConnell will always have a special place in our heart. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	0	Dr. McConnell is very friendly and knowledgable. However, her staff is unorganized and it takes a really long time to receive a returned phone call.  We suffered a miscarriage and was told by a staff member that perhaps I had lifted something that I should not have.  This was very disheartening and insensitive. 	1	3	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
12	0	The staff is often helpful when and if they return your calls.  Pray it is not an emergency.  The doctor failed to check to see for uterine abnormalities such as polyps, fibroids, etc.  After IVF and three failed transfers I went and got another opinion, and I had a growth in my uterus the entire time resulting in the embryos to not be able to implant.  This was not only heartbreaking but we spent a ton of money and emotions for nothing.  I often felt as if I was just another number and not an important patient.  She also diagnosed me with an immune disorder and put me on blood thinners for nothing.  I do know people that have gotten pregnant by her but I would recommend  seeking a second opinion before you send a lot of money and emotions.  They then proceeded to send me a huge bill after I had my records transferred.  They did fix this error after a phone call however.  The staff is very nice and they all have good intentions but beware. 	2	3	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	. VERY NICE AND GREAT STAFF TAKES HER TIME TO ANSWER ANY QUESTIONS AND CALLS YOU BACK ON HER OWN PERSONAL TIME 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
12	-1	Horrible service.  Unfriendly, not personable.  Rushes you out of the office, didn't have time to ask/get answered any questions.  Staff is horribly unhelpful.  Dont do things they say they will do.  Tell me results are in and come to office to find out they are not, come back next day, still are not ready, on and on.  Appts never start on time, she is rather rough with her ultrasounds...  	3	1	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	-1	Very inconsistent on billing. When I had bleeding with my pregnancy, she did not have time to talk to me and I was told I would have to wait until the next appt, which was a week away. 	2	2	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
13	-1	This doctor doesn't explain anything to you. There are no tests performed to diagnose you. I was just given medication with the assumption of what I had. He didn't even explain to me what he assumed I had. I have been told on many occasions that he makes rude comments to his women patients. I will never go back to him. I would rather drive 4 hours to Las Vegas. 		2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	Dr. Manos is an amazing docotr. She makes sure you are comfortable with the eye exam and asks really specific questions to make sure that she understands what you need. She helped me pick out my glasses which are fashionable and go with everything. Thank you Dr. Manos! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	Dr. Manos is great...she is very knowledgeable, friendly, and timely. Would highly recommend! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	Dr. Mavroidis is one of the few doctors in Las Vegas that I truly trust. He spends time with patients without hurrying them. He makes patient comfortable and shows confidence even with major surgery. He visits hospital bedside frequently and shows real care for his patients. His follow ups are adequate. Dr. Mavroidis is a true professional with professional &amp; caring partners and staff. He saved my life and enhanced my life.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
15	1	Dr. Mavroides performed a quarrouple bypass surgery on me in 2006. He is a superb surgeon and a great human being.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Pacificare
15	1	Dr Mavroidis is simple the BEST heart surgeon in the Las Vegas. He explains everything, is very thorough, and exceptionally knowledgeable and talented. His name came to me highly recommended by a large medical heart practice in Delaware. Since my heart operation I have not had any problems and I thank those who gave me his name. Do yourself a favor and do not hesitate to use this surgeon. I can not more highly recommend.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
15	1	I'm a critical care nurse. Dr. Mavroidis is a cardio-thoracic heart surgeon and is mis-listed on this web page. He is an EXCELLENT surgeon and a good human being on top of that. It's unfortunate that he partners with Juan Martin so Dr. Martin may round on your case every once in a while. (Read his review.) Las Vegas is lucky to have Demetri Mavroidis doing heart surgeries./j 		1	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	Dr. Martin may need some improvements on how he treats nurses and staff, I agree. He is a bit arrogant at times.  But when it comes to surgery I wouldn't want anybody else but him and his partners standing over me. I've had 2 surgeries so far, by their office. Dr. Martin's medical skill is second to none.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
16	1	Dr Martin did my bypass surgery, his work was well done and healing quick, now for the staff, it is not my business how the staff feels about a Doctor, but it is highly questionable to let those feelings of staff be placed on the patient coming out of open heart surgery, to have to be careful towards nurses who are supposed to be the patients support is to say the least disgusting, maybe those who can't take the criticism ought to take their &quot;care&quot; somewhere else do you think.  	1	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
16	0	I'm a critical care nurse and if Dr. Martin is doing your heart surgery you've got an excellent surgeon. But he's not a people-person and he can be very rude and will insult nurses that are responsible for his patients care. I have told him off in the hallway of a hospital when he was blaming another nurse for &quot;neglecting&quot; a patient of his. He is aloof and lacks communication skills. We avoid him when he comes around and you don't want your nurse to be subjected to his abuse. But he IS a good heart surgeon. /j 		4	1	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	Dr. Martin is an amazing doctor. She showed incredible care for my wife and my new baby girl all throughout my wife's pregnancy, and now well after. She is definately a caring person first, and a quality physician second. Thank you Dr. Martin for the care you've shown to my family! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	Dr. Martin is the best doctor I have ever had. I moved here from a metropolitan area on the East Coast, and after several negative exeperiences with other doctors I thought I wouldn't be able to find the kind of care I needed in Vegas. Dr. Martin ALWAYS returns calls, often after hours. She has called just to check on me and see how I'm doing after procedures. She answers all questions, takes the time to listen, and is extremely helpful in emergencies. She's still a person even though she's a doctor- something a lot of docs forget. very empathetic and a genuinely nice person. Knowledgable and good at what she does. The practice is very busy so schedule well in advance- that said, I've had situations where she would work me in same day because I really needed attention. She cares about her patients and is great at what she does. Highly recommended.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
18	1	Dr. Maffeo is an excellent caring Dentist. He is a DMD and is excellent in his knowledge, traing and skills. I personally highly recommend this skilled dentist.If you are looking for the best, use him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	 	2	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	-1	Our family has had this doctor for over 3 years and have never been able to see her, only her nurse practitioner who knows basic stuff, but missed a life threatening illness that was caught easily by another doctor in the area that wasn't too busy for new patients.  Avoid if you want to get an appointment before the end of the world. 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
20	-1	I went to her for 9 years, She blamed all medical complaints on &quot;Your need to lose weight&quot;. She never listened to my concerns, or physically examined me. All face time was conducted from across the room. I broke my ankle and went ER, the Dr was concerned when my oxygen level was low. I was given a CAT scan and a large thyroid nodule was found. I had to have a thyroid and a parathyroidectomy. Not only has my health improved but without changing my lifestyle any I have lost 50 lbs. 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	The man is extremely bright.  Both myself and my son have been patients of his.  He had to do a very painful procedure on my young son.  He put him at ease, talk him through it and the scar is almost gone !!  He is personable and it's like talking to your buddy.  I was told he is doing neurosurgery now so the ED/UC lost a great practitioner.  I wish he had his own practice.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	I went to urgent care after I  had been experiencing a problem with swelling in my neck and in my mouth (below tongue). Dr. Massett examined me and immediately suspected a problem with my salivary gland. I thought for sure it was a problem with my lymph glands in the neck area. He explained how the salivary glands get clogged and/ or infected and what I would experience when eating (it was exactly what I had experienced). He offered some excellent advice and I believe he identified the ailment perfectly. He was professional yet friendly and put me at ease. If he had a practice outside urgent care, he would be my doctor. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	0	I paid $200 for a less-than-10 min. consult.  This guy seems more $$$ motivated than anything else. 	5	5	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
22	-1	He knows nothing about disability.  He would not complete my disability forms despite that the fact that I have severe back pain.  	2	2	2	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
22	0	This doctor certainly seems to know his area when it comes to back related injuries and pain. However, despite his knowledge, I find him to be very distant with patients and when asked to support a diagnosis he is very cautious to the point of non even admitting to a spoken diagnosis. I felt his lack of conviction to be disheartening and all in all sad. I do believe he genuinly feels for his patients, yet he is only willing to do so much for their well being which does not include supporting claims of disability or backing up spoken diagnosis. If you're going to be in the medical field I believe &quot;Do No Harm&quot; should also be extended to the wellbeing of the patient both physically, mentally, and emotionally. 		2	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	Dr. Mattern is the best. The reason the wait time is so long is because he spends time with his pathents. The reason he is on the computer gadget is because he is looking up all the new stuff while he is listing to you. I think that the people that have had a rude reseption is because they were rude to begin with. I take my whole fam to him and will cont to tell everyone how good he is. The office staff could be a little nicer.  some are stuck up 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
23	-1	Front office staff very rude.  Even had the front office girl roll eyes at me.  This Dr. never really listens to you and is always on his little computer gadget.  Does not seem to be very knowledgable about what it is he is doing!  He was late in seeing me, and then acted rude.  Front office ladies just talk amongst themselves and are not helpful at all.   I would not recommend! 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	I have a difficult health issue.  Dr. Mattern has been very helpful to me in learning about this issue and understanding what is happening.  He has helped me to put together records that are meaningful to specialists he has helped me find.  He listens to me and I appreciate that, many doctors just read notes and test results. 	5	4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
23	0	I think this Dr. is personable, but not necessarily knowledgeable. He does not have hospital privileges at the only hospital in the Elko area. I had to wait an hour and 20 minutes to see the Dr. when I had an appointment recently and that was frustrating 'cause there wasn't an emergency - just poor scheduling. I have seen this Dr. off and on for quite some time, he used to be a primary care physician at our mine clinic, but have decided to change physicians, especially since his staff is so unorganized and inefficient. They have gotten increasingly worse, especially his nurse Sharon.  She has been repeatedly rude and abrupt. If you are in an emergency situation he is OK to see, otherwise make an appointment with someone else.  	1	1	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	-1	I would never recommend this Doctor to anyone. He should never be able to see patients for workers comp since he has a issue seeing them in the first place. He was rude, careless, judgmental, dishonest. I understand many folks due try to get workers comp who may have not got hurt but by god there are many who have been hurt for real. He is cold shallow and inhuman. Would I recommend&#63; Not on my own life or anyone else's.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Workers Comp
23	-1	Dishonest in his reporting as well as to his patient. Strings along a patient who needs a specialist. Does not spend time with patient to know everything thats going on as well as listening to patient when asking a question. Very short tempered and rude to patient.  	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Workers Comp
24	1	I was referred by Dr. McCombs by a co-worker. I have had hard time finding a good Dr. in Las Vegas. I will definitely stick with Dr. McCombs, he is very thorough, and will listen to what you have to say very, very, intently. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	I totally agree with the previous poster; Dr McCombs is a bulldog! He correctly diagnosed me after I had seen 8 other doctors, who all missed it. I trust him with my life. If he relocated to another state, I would still find a way to see him. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	He is a Doctor of Osteopathy DO Internal Medicine and GP. He REALLY cares!!! He has found things that saved a life that several regular Medical Doctors didn't find. Follows up, calls when blood work comes in and makes you make an appointment. He is a Pit Bull when it comes to finding a cause for a problem, even yells when he has to get his point across, but in a caring way. Can't say enough good things about him.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	1	Dr McCombs has seen me through many health issues and he is quick to refer me to a specialist when neccessary. He takes time to listen to what I say. I've been seeing Dr. McCombs for almost 9 years, after going through about 7 others until I found someone to listen to me. He is an excellent docto 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	-1	She is very inattentive, knowledge of many medical issues needs work. Bedside manner is dismal at best.  She talks more then she listened to my history and seemed unattached as i was speaking to her. I would not recommend this doctor to anyone. 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
25	-1	 	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	He is AWSOME!!! I drive all the way from California, just to see him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	He is a good man. He cares, but, is limited to his one expertise, pain. I would reccomend him to anyone who is in pain, as he will try to help.  Honestly, he is a bit limited.  But, he is a caring doctor.  He listens. He tries to help.  He does not take medicare tho. That would be good. But, unfortunatly the government has not done their part to keep him on the medicare road.  After all, the senators have stolen so much medicare money, which they have no business touching.  They stoled the money from the medicare trust money.  We paided for these programs over our life. So, doctors pull out, cause they don't get full payment from the gov. Thanx...... 	5	5	5	3 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	THIS IS BY FAR THE BEST DOCTOR I HAVE EVER HAD. I HAVE BEEN WITH HIM FOR SEVEN YEARS NOW. HE WILL ACTUALLY LISTEN AND SPENDS TIME WITH YOU TRYING TO SOLVE YOUR PROBLEMS... HIGHLY RECOMENDED!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	this doctor is that rare breed of caring, listening, wisdom, LOVE and compassion. he can truly make you feel very well and at ease, and takes time to inform you about all the facts. thank you Dr. Vidur Mahadeva ! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	I'm a critical care nurse and if you are fortunate enough to have Dr. Malhotra on your case, you're in very good hands, indeed. He's a CARDIOLOGIST and he's mis-listed on this web page. He could work on me any day. He is also very intolerant of mistakes and will fight to correct hospital inadequacies, (and there's a ton of them out there.) /j 		1	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	The best doctor in the office. I wish that he would open his own practice and accept all insurance plans.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
31	1	Friendly staff. My kids love this doctor. one thing I like the most is he is very careful of not starting antibiotics for everything like some others do ,unless its really needed. He explains things very clearly most of the times. 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
31	-1	the staff is pretty friendly most times. takes a while to get seen. he has a hard time explaining what needs to be said. told me my daughters hair was falling out because she had ring worm of the scalp and put her on a medication that he said could affect her white blood cells so we would have to do blood work. i never gave it to her didnt trust it and didnt believe what she had was what he said it was. i took her to a dermatologist and i was right, her hair was falling out because she had alopecia areata. the dermatologist put her on a topical corticosteroid and her hair has grown back completely. if he wasnt the best pediatrician in this lil crappy town we live in i would be finding another one but hes the best we have from what i hear talking to other people in this town.  	3	2	2	2 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
32	1	an AMAZING painless dentist! Just the best-cannot speak more highly-totally reccomend! Explains all the details (so you can understand them-duh!) and is just a fabulous dr. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	Great Dentist. Did a front cap on a chipped tooth. Great quality. knew how long it would last and am going back 10yrs after the fact to get it replaced! Whole family goes to him and has been for over 15yrs.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	1	First of all I'd like to say that Dr. Mathew and his Nurse Practioner are very professional they are the reason why I keep going back to his office. They take the time to explain and answer all your questions.  His receptionist and medical assistance on the other hand are not friendly at all. 	1	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	Dr. Mathew has been our pediatrician for over 9 yrs. I fully trust him with my kids and they love him! Dr. Mathew is very knowledgable and well educated.  He is always caring and shows concern for my children when they are sick.  His office could be better but they come and go.  I rather my kids receive excellent medical care than just a friendly face at the front desk. His PA Nicole is so friendly and thorough.  She is a great asset to Summit Pediatrics.  	1	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	1	Dr Mathew takes his time answering all questions. I dread going there because of the person in the front. No smiles. Not welcoming. I get the feeling that I'm bothering her when I approach to sign in.  	2	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
33	1	Dr. Matthew is a great pediatrician, the best we have ever had for our two children (5 and 3).   Very thorough, knowledgeable, and most of all, he truly seems to care.   He has given us ideas that no one else has bothered to offer up.   He had a terrible front desk person so I would agree with thoe comments.   I believe she is now gone.   Not sure if the new one is much better or not.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
33	1	His staff is the rudest staff I've ever witnessed. He is a very nice doctor and knowledgable but the nurse practitioners, nurses and front desk girl, especially in person, is really rude.  	1	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
33	1	Dr. Mathew is wonderful however his office staff is very unhelpful. They are always irritated you call or are in the office, can't seem to help you when you need it. Too bad because we love Dr Mathew.  	1	3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
33	1	He seems like a knowledgeable dr., however, he is a bit arrogant and pompous. He was asking my child questions, and I didn't know exactly if my son understood what he was asking. So I answered for him, and Dr. Mathew put his hand up as if to shush me. Also, he asked my son what his favorite t.v./movies, and my son named them off. Then the dr. told him that was the wrong answer, and that he was not supposed to watch t.v. at all and that it isn't good for him. How dare someone try to tell me how to be a good parent. That was essentially what he was trying to do, discredit my parenting skills. I will never go back with my son to such a ****. 	3	2	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	This is a great office. The staff is friendly. Dr. Mathew is very knowledgeable and my son loves him. There was one instance when he called me from his house to update me on some tests. I would highly recommend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
33	1	I have 3 children and I have been seeing Dr. Mathew for almost 2 years now. Dr. Mathew is a wonderful, caring and very knowledgeble physician. His office staff is very helpful and kind. Dr. Mathew actually reads his notes about previous visits and has no problem answering many questions that I always ask him. My kids love him and are very comfortable with him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	1	I have a 6 month old and a 4 year old. I was very impressed how attentive to patient care this office is. Dr. Mathew is very knowledable and whenever I had a question or concern, he explained things so well.  I never felt rushed and I highly recommend him 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
33	1	my kids love Dr. Mathew. He is never in a hurry, answers all your questions and I xcan't think of anyone better for my kids.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
33	1	I love Dr. Mathew but his office scheduling and logistics is a mess!  I almost always spend over an hour there and about 10 min with him.  The wait is really hard.  Prescriptions and records have to be pursued sometimes up to 2 weeks to get these to the right pharmacy or specialist.  I would recommend Dr. Mathew to anyone he is an excellent doctor but something has to be done about his office in general.  	2	1	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
33	1	I found Dr. Mathew through my midwife while searching for a new pediatrician. I had had bad luck finding a pediatrician who understand my natural parenting style (co-sleeping, exclusive breastfeeding, homebirth, etc). Dr. Mathew continues to meet and exceed all my expectations of him. During a recent move, he was having all calls forwarded directly to his cell phone. I have NEVER had service like that. He gets 5 stars across the board from me. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	I like Dr. Mathew a lot. He has been my children's pediatrician for several years and I have always been satisfied with him as a medical professional.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
34	-1	Sudhir Khemka, M.D. was the Dr. I saw there and from my experience this place is a money sucking institution and nothing else. The 1st thing they force you to do is a drug test even before anybody sees you. They knew which insurance I had and they sent it to a lab that was not contracted by my insurance, so I get a bill from that lab for about $850. When I saw the Dr. which was no longer than a 5 minute first time visit (which should have lasted an hour...to fully evaluate me) I told him that i do not want medication, that I want my pain to be managed without meds. Sure enough he prescribes pain meds and muscle relaxers. I had to force him to send me to an MRI to see why I am having pain. Sure enough a month afterwards I get a bill from their office for $181 that I need to pay after my insurance paid them $600. What exactly for&#63; He saw me for 5 minutes and didn't do****! for 3 months I have been going back and forth with their billing department and nothing is settled yet.Do not go! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
34	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
34	-1	they told me they were in network when i asked. than i find out that only the dr and office is not the surgical center. they have exhaused my FSA and HRA towards out of network. i an done for the year. my family and i are out of medical treatments until i come out of pocket another 3200.00 for the year. i should have only had 5700.00 in deductable now i have 12,700. very deceptive. and this is how it works, they are protected and we go without. not fair...going to attorney general.........  	2	1	2	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
34	-1	 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	This medical office offers various avenues to treating my neck and back pain from a car accident. I have received several injections that have alleviated my pain and currently have physical therapy to help me restore function. I am very pleased with the results so far. The doctors are knowledgeable and care about helping me get better. They also have billing specialists available to speak with me regarding my benefits and authorization status to ensure coverage.  	5	5	5	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	1	Very helpful,compassionate and very thorough. I have been treated quite well from all his staff and continue rehabilitation. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
34	-1	I wish I would've read these comments before i went here. I was here three times in 2 months..i witnessed him absolutely explode on his staff..I've never really taken anything for pain before and he prescribed me a fentanyl patch that nearly had me passing out. it wasn't until i researched this medication that i realized what it was. these comments are obviously useless as the will not be monitored by anyone with power (or he would be out of business) but hopefully we can stop someone else from going to him.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	-1	waiting time was over 2 hours. He answers a personal phone call during examing. He tries to use lots of medical words that patiens have no idea. He does not prepare for a patient (he was reading my MRI test for 15mins before he says somethng.) He does not care for a patient at all. (I met him 3 times and did not remember me at all.) He is good at giving you some pain killer only but wont cure the problems.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	-1	The worst pain specialist I've been at. two to three injects a week to milk the insurance company with no care for me as the patient.  Billing was a joke, they billed the insurance co. and the checks came directly to me, I handed them over (yes I have receipts, but still) and now they say they never received them.  My disco gram left me with incontinence.  Went from ok and ready for work (prior to the disco gram) to can't leave the house. The worst health specialist in the US, go back to Nigeria.  MUST RESEARCH THIS GUY BEFORE HE DESTROYS YOUR LIFE.  Staff is great, even with their hands tied by him.  If you have to go to him Las Vegas pain institute or Spring Valley Surgery Center,  retain a attorney prior to your first visit.  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	-1	.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
34	-1	.  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	0	I didnt think there was anything super exceptional or horrible about this clinic. the most irritating thing to me was the long wait time and the fact that they try and shuffle you into physical therapy and injections and ill not give you your medication until you have done everything they want you to do.  When i refused to see a physical therapy presentation, I was questioned as to why I didnt want to do it-even though I had already been at their office for over two hours and just wanted to go home!! 	4	2	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	0	Dr Maduka gave me back my life. Im 29 and have rheumatoid arthritis so bad I can barely walk. He never doubted me. Shame on you people.hes a great doc. Michelle K. 	3	5	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
34	-1	A nightmare is all I can say. I was a patient for over 2 years.. they are such a money making machine with no care at all about pain or patients. They got me so hooked on pills it was awful. What's crazy is I had to explain my issue EVERYTIME I went in after 2 years they didn't know or care about me..procedure after painful procedure were useless and money making. the only time they contacted me was when my insurance wouldn't pay anymore they still send out bills..wait on the money DRUG PUSHER!.I had gone through a VERY painful procedure with Maduka (cant call him Doctor) afterwards I was in SO much pain, but then he insisted I go to his massage lady in the other room for a massage&#63;&#63;!! There are so many more stories about him its crazy.  So many addicts in his waiting room waiting for their fix but not before a 6 hour long wait and procedure!! I can't belive he still has his license!! And, he just opened up a very nice new ofice in the other part of town that is huge! People BEWARE!!!!! 	2	1	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	-1	Dr. Maduka and his team of dope and procedure pushers are nothing more than that.  They absolutely DO NOT care about the client.  They put my body into adrenal suppression and almost into shock...They practically FORCE procedures on you...Yeah, they dont' let you leave the clinic..NOT until they bleed your health and your wallet dry.  These men should have their licenses revoked.  They are frauds. ONLY care about the money. NO MATTER WHAT THEY SAY! They suggest the same procedure for every client...needed or not. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
34	-1	Stay away from Dr. Maduka.  The only reason I went to him was that I was in so much pain, I wanted relief quickly and I was able to get in to see him faster than other doctors who had been recommended.  I was scheduled for an injection and would be sedated, so my husband came with me since I wouldn't be able to drive.  Once they took me in to prep me, I waited for almost three hours for the procedure.  No one notified my husband in the waiting room that there was a delay. When my husband finally asked about the delay, Dr. Maduka personally spoke with him and screamed and yelled at him. Next, although I was sedated, I woke up in the middle of the procedure!  It was excruciating!  After the procedure, Dr. Maduka came to talk to me - offered no apology that I woke up during the procedure and told me that I was no longer allowed to be his patient!  (Not that I would anyway)   I should also add that prior to going in for prep, he was extremely rude to his own office staff.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
34	-1	Its a nightmare the moment you make contact. Called to make an appt. with another doctor but got him instead. He abused my husbands vulnerable state. Gave him treatments that were not a part of the initial consultation asked for. Everytime he asked about a treatment being given to him, he would say it is standard procedure. Every visit, we waited over 30min. The front staff has no manners, open toed shoes, and condescending. Too top it all off, we find out that the insurance company was not covering any of the bills because he wasn't in network. He wasn't even the doctor we asked for! When I tried to clarify this with front office staff, the female was so rude, I hung up on her. I called the attorney general's office who directed me to different dept. in government to have this investigated. I am mide process at this time. 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
34	-1	I was told they do workers comp cases, so I went to him. He didn't do any x-rays or MRIs or tests to see what was causing the pain. He told me to wear a restrictive-movement brace; one of his other doctors told me NOT to wear it. He had me see several different doctors there. He gave me injections of some fluid they said would &quot;protect the nerves,&quot; even thought is was 2 yrs after the injury. He kept scheduling bi-weekly re-check appts, but after almost a year, no real treatment was done except injections that hurt.The pain remained the same. Then, after almost a year, they billed my ins company. He point blank refused to try to collect from workers comp. I still have pain problems to this day, and what I can do is limited. I wasted a lot of time & money on co-pays the ins company collected after I quit going to Maduka.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
34	-1	I have been a patient since 8/08 to current.They bleed you dry financially & cost a fortune.They move you around the building as you are thinking your ins covers the visit they don't because they are two different or more institutions.It is borderline fraud.They do procedures & increase your meds & ask if the procedure worked.The drs yell & scream at support staff & the turnover in staff is crazy.Maduka is highly educated that is great but if he doesnt get what he wants from you he will scream at you.He & his staff are frauds.I've paid 100k+ for nothing much to be treated with no respect.Money is all they care about.Full of**** doesnt begin to describe Maduka.If I could have his license revoked I would.I tried so hard to think they wanted to help me but really they've just cashed in.He did nothing helpful a couple procedures they did was to fix the screwups they made during the initial procedures. GO TO ANY OTHER PAIN DR NOT THIS ONE DO YOURSELF A FAVOR!!! 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
34	-1	All Dr.Maduka cares about is getting paid and getting his 60+ patients in especially if there new patients he gets more money for them. He is money hungry, a fraud and a ****.  	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
34	-1	I actually saw a different Dr. at his pain clinic, I was NOT HAPPY with the treatment I received. The Dr.  also wrote the prescription up wrong, I was very DISPLEASED!!! 	4	3	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	1	The Dr. and his team are great and they will not let you leave until they have helped you.  He made sure I had my pain treated each time.  Be sure to ask about fees though.  Even though the office called for pre approval before each treatment my insurance company did not cover the bills.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
34	1	I think his approach to pain management treatment is refreshing. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	This was my doctor in new mexico for like 2 years and she is a very good doctor she knows exactly what she's doing and what kind of medicine to give you when you go in an your sick. on a rating  1 to 10 I give Dr Martin a 10 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	most sincere doctor i have ever been to! cared about his patients....not about the almighty $$!my mother died 2 1/2 years ago and he helped me with that like no one else because he cared! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	I really like Dr. TJ, but I did not like April, the nurse.  She talked about other patients in my room and she discussed her conflicts with Dr. TJ with me and I found it offensive and unprofessional.  I left wondering how much patient chatting she did about me and how she would change the way she treated me if she knew I disagreed with her opinion also.  Dr TJ is awesome, sweet, caring, and professional.  He is the best doctor because he does pay attention to &quot;you&quot; the patient and the person.  He looks you right in the eye and makes you feel important to him.  I hope that people choose to speak of him kindly. I think people like April are spreading rumors about him and acting unprofessionally by doing that. Those gossippers may claim to be &quot;God fearing&quot; and I hope they do fear God. They will be judged... hipocrites! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	1	best Dr.  I have found always had time for me never acted like I was just complaining he was very concerned I found him 2 years ago when I had shingles BAD and he was so good to me and had a great nurse April very sweet and she was also very concerned about the patients I also had AARP insurance now where is he I need to see him 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
36	1	Not thorough enough 	4	4	5	2 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	Wonderful 30 something doc who actually takes the time a patient deserves and will let you know if he is &quot;stumpped&quot; or doesn't have an answer, then point you in the right direction. Actually returns calls himself and isn't afraid to have a conversation about the &quot;whole&quot; person and not just the problem in question. Another note... his nurse April is just as wonderful a person as he is. He makes you feel comfortable and like he is there for your benefit.  		5	4	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
37	1	Dr Ma is friendly, extremely knowledgeable, and takes the time to explain your situation to you in laymans terms.  She's helped me through a lot and i will always refer people to her.  Michele her assistant is also wonderful.  The only bad thing is since moving into their new location the two girls on the front desk have NO personality and i feel like i am &quot;interrupting&quot; their work instead of being the reason they are there. ALso, the young lady who now takes you into the patient room has zero warmth, caring, or interest in me as a patient.  Dr Ma should get Michele back in there with her patients.  Regardless of how great Dr Ma is, she and her partners should consider a customer service class for all of their staff.  they have forgotten the &quot;care&quot; in caregiving. 	3	3	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
37	-1	I would not recommend this physician.  She is always hurried and the staff is not friendly at all. You are under to much pressure to schedule surgeries and it should not be that way.  I waited almost 3 hrs just to go into the room where I waited another 30 min to be seen for 3. I am in this field and I am disgusted with the physicians in this town.  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
37	1	She is in and out quick but very thorough and, i feel efficient. The office is very busy so you do wait a while sometimes.  	3	3	5	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	-1	Very unprofessional.  Loves to hear himself talk and took a personal call during my consult.  	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Aetna
38	1	I agree with other patient's comment that the Fire Mesa assistant is NOT very friendly. Dr. Makil seems to be very knowledgeable and I think trys to be personable but likes to talk rather than listen to me. I'm reasonably happy with his performance.  	3	4	4	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
38	0	Don't be in a hurry if you need an appointment. Two weeks went by and no call back. His assistant at Fire Mesa location is not very friendly. 	1	4	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
39	-1	This office starts off nice to get you in ,but gives minimal care at visit and continues to require another charged visit in order to continue to meet your needs . The doctors lack of knowledge concerning the IPledge system for transfering patient was a disgrace. Wasnt taken care of on visit , and required another charged visit to do what she was suppose to  do initially. Hid behind her staff and wouldnt talk to me only if I would come in and pay again. Very inadequate doctor! 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	I used to be scared of the dentist, now I atually look forward to going.  He and his staff are very nice and take the time to get to know all of their patients.   Not to mention that he's cute! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	1	I cannot say enough great things about him! He is a wonderful dentist. The staff is great! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	He gives very good advice on how medication works.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
41	1	Dr. Mathis has a excellent understanding of pharmacy. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	I'd glad I found her so far so good. Has changed all my med and feeling way better.  Thanks Doc. 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	Her first name is spelled the correct spelling is &quot;Naya&quot; someone that set this up misspelled it.  This doctor knows her stuff.  She takes time to answer any question, she does not act rushed to get on to the next patient, her bed-side manner is wonderful.  I am so, so, so, glad I was referred to her.  She didn't limit her review of me for just Arthritis, I have other sever spine issues and she prescribed a new medication for me and ever since my pain has been much less than ever before in the last five years.  I love her so for helping me.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
43	1	Dr. McCormack is a no nonsense doctor who cares and works above and beyond to ensure one's healthcare needs are addressed. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	Dr.Mayes made time to meet with me on a Saturday. After a very bad experience with a Doctor I was in need of a Doctor that was qualified to dealnwith my situation. Dr. Mayes made sure I was comfortable he took the time consistent get to know me and was open to making me a partner in my care plan.. I feel secure know he in my Physician.. I recommend him those whom need a Doctor that does not make them feel like a number.. Thank Dr. Mayes.. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	Dr McAllister is the best! My family and I have been going to him our whole lives!  I refer everyone to him!  He is extremely caring and takes plenty of time with each patient and makes them feel like they are the only person that matters. (yes, this causes the waiting room time to be lengthy, but its definately worth the wait once you get in to see him.... I just show up late to my appointments and it all works out fine) Its too bad that every doctor isnt like him because he genuinely cares about you and your health and will answer every question you have, without making you feel stupid. He is knowledgeable about so many different things... I just cant say enough great things about Dr Mack!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	Dr. Mcallister was referred to me by a friend.  He did an awesome job and was very knowledgeable.  I agree with a previous post. his staff and after hours answering system is not very helpful.  I would definitely see him again and refer people to him. 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	If more doctors were like Dr McAllister it would be wonderful, Thank You Dr Mack 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	-1	Excellent doctor, front office staff don't seem very organized or caring. He's well worth the wait, if you can spare a few hours.  Stay faithful, because of his knowledge, kindness and integrity, but he should really think about replacing or reorganizing his front office, and starting again with people who are interested in their job, and care about people! 	1	1	2	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
46	-1	I was a patient of Dr. McCaskills for years and thought I was receiving adequate care, boy was I mistaken. I was having symptoms due to my endometriosis and was told they were in my head but I could get Lupron injections to help. After receiving Lupron for a couple months I started getting worse symptoms. I had several appointments explaining my symptoms and was told that it had nothing to do with the injections. Low and behold I was having a deadly reaction to the meds, but I would have to wait it out due to it being a tissue shot. All of the symptoms I was experiencing were listed online, but was still told they were in my head. I got sicker and sicker and she never took any responsibilty nor did I receive any help from her or the office. She has terrible bed side manners and thinks she knows all, maybe should she research the medications she is injecting her patients with or release side effects and deadly allergic reaction side effects. DO YOUR RESEARCH!!!!! 	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
47	1	Dr. McCormack is knowledgeable and clear.  A very good urologist.  Highly recommended.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
47	1	He's an amazing kind doctor. Took the time to explain himself and answered our questions. Has a great personality.  :) 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
47	1	Matt has taken an intense interest in my very common but difficult to treat ailment.  Best uro doc I've seen.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
47	1	Dr. McCormack provided wonderful care for my son who was diagnosed with bladder cancer at the young age of 28.  He made sure that we were aware of all options and our whole family was impressed by his demeanor.  His staff nurse, Ingrid, is a fantastic caregiver and person.  Sarah, his medical secretary, is knowledgeable and efficient.  What a great experience we had!  Thank you Dr.  McCormack! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
47	1	I could not be more impressed with Dr. McCormack. He is one of the few doctors left who truly cares about patients.  He spent a lot of time with me explaining the process using terms that I could understand.  He is extremely intelligent and well trained. My primary care doctor told me that I would be in the best hands around and he was right! I highly recommend Dr. McCormack. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
47	-1	After seeing the reviews here I decided to visit Dr. McCormack. I can only say that apparently the other posters didn't see the same McCormack I did. The Dr. did not listen to a word I said. He rushed in and out the door without doing a reasonable evaluation of my problem. I don't trust any of his reccomendations and feel his only concern was setting me up for more expensive treatments before even doing the most basic tests. I will not be going back. Total waste of time and money. 	4	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
47	1	Dr.McCormack is extremely courteous and one of the most knowledgable physicians I have ever met. His skill in formulating a workable treatment plan for testicular cancer has helped me to live a happier, healthier life. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
47	1	After seeing urologists for the past 30 years in response to prostatitis and enlarged prostate, I have had the good fortune to come under the care of Dr. Matthew McCormack. I believe he is the most capable urologist I have seen, several at well known centers like Mayo (MN), probably 12 urologists in total as my job has taken me around the USA. Dr.McCormack's  outstanding characteristics include superior knowledge of the urological system, solid judgement in course of treatment, and execution that in my case was infection management and eventual prostatectomy. The outcome of my surgery has been spectacular and I have not felt this physically well in decades. I owe much to this surgeon who I classify as excellent and I suspect someday will be counted among the world class urological surgeons.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	1	I couldn't be happier with my decision to have Dr. McCormack as my plastic surgeon for my tummy tuck.  She and her staff are very professional and put me completely at ease about my decision to have the procedure.  I am thrilled with the results and have not felt this good about my appearance since before having my precious kids.  Dr. McCormack is a truly skilled and talented plastic surgeon. I had a wonderful experience and wouldn't change a thing about it. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	Dr. McCormack is absolutly wonderful. I received a mommy makeover from her and she did a wonderful job. She made me feel better about the way i look, now i can look and feel like a hot mom again!!! I would highly recommend dr. mccormack for all cosmetic procedures. Just the way she is with her patients is great and her work is terrific!! Thanks Dr. McCormack and to the staff of McCormack Plastice Surgery, you guys rock! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	She is really great.  My husband and I both go to her.  she is very knowledgeable and continues to further her knowledge (which is really great).  When you schedule to come in it is your time so no waiting.  Friendly staff and great Dental experience... seriously.  she also does cosmetic and sleep dentistry too! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	I am fairly new to Las Vegas and did not have a local doctor. I went to emergency room about a year ago. That is when I met Dr. Maity. Granted I had to wait for her for a long time. I am not sure what the problem was. But the wait was well worth it. She came in spent quite bit of time with me and explained her findings. I ended up becoming a patient at her office. I have nothing but great praise for her as a person and as a knowledgeable doctor. We are not medical professionals and a doctor would recognize that and try to explain things in plain English. She instill confidence in me and my impression of her medical knowledge every time I visit her at the office. She has a pretty busy practice. If you are put off by a little wait then look elsewhere. I have never had a doctor that saw me the minute I walked in. She is no different. But when it comes to medical care, I would give her a five star rating.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
50	-1	Dr.  Smita Maity is the worst possible doctor you can have while admitted at a hospital! She doesn't listen at all to what you have to say and will walk out on you with no explanation and has no bedside  manner whatsoever 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
51	0	Dr. Derek Maclean said I needed many crowns after never having another dentist mention this.  I went back to my old dentist and paid out of pocket for a 2nd opinion (I changed dentists because he stopped taking my insurance).  No crowns needed. Buyer beware!!!  A dentist does not make money unless he is crowning or filling. 	5	2	3	2 	Insurance:Unknown
51	0	the mr didnt know what he was doing, his wife was the star of the show. 	5	1	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
51	1	A Sweetheart of a Dentist. If you are afraid of dentists go to Dr. Maclean. If you want your questions answered he's the one. If you want someone to take care of your teeth and assist you with the process so that you understand what's happening, he's your guy. Professional, gentle, funny and compassionate. His staff is professional, helpful and welcoming.  They remember your name! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
52	-1	STAY AWAY!  I was referred to this surgeon after concerns that a lump in my breast might be cancer. After looking at an ultra sound he assured me that it was just a cyst and I had nothing to worry about. He simply removed it, again assured me it was nothing, but had it checked just in case.  Well it came back as cancer! What's worse he approached the surgery all wrong and didn't take the right samples! Now I have to get another surgery to get a complete pathology report.  He (or should I say his secretary) suggested I wait two weeks to talk with him and then schedule another surgery and then go from there!  This is the worst medical experience I have ever had. I would not see this man again if my life depended on it and it literally does!   STAY AWAY! 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
53	-1	I have Never been treated so poorly went in for chest x ray and Dr Mayor acted like he had no idea why I was there then would not refill my already pricribed percriptions. Was very very unprofesional.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
53	1	terrific doctor-- waiting room time worth it very thorough--makes good consultations and very calm--one of the best doctors in town 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	I have been going to this Dr for years. The best around. Spot on with diagnosis.   I tell everyone he is really the best in LV&gt; 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
53	1	Dr. Mayor is very accurate.  However his staff I found very rude, unprofessional and inaccurate.  I am switching doctors for this reason.  	1	4	3	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
53	1	Dr. Mayor is very thorough and a nice doctor with a good personality. I was very happy with him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	I have complete trust in Dr Mayor. He is worth waiting for. He doesn't pull any punches about what he expects from you either. He is the most thorough Doctor I have ever been to and I have been to a lot of Doctors. His bedside manner may be a bit harsh at times but he gets things done RIGHT NOW ! He doesn't put off or pass you on to someone else. I think he is a GREAT Doctor. 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
53	0	Overcharges for prochedure called DynaPulse ... beware. Blue Cross allows $39 for it and he charges a whopping $325! It only cost $10 over the Internet. 		1	1	5 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	I find the doctor very helpful and always very nice. If I had a problem, she always listened and gave me a clear explaination. I thought she and her staff were great... 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
54	-1	I also had a bad experience with this Dr.  She didn't want to look at me or listen to me.  She left me sitting in the exam room and never said we were finished.  She was not helpful at all.  Very poor people skills.  Her nurse was condescending and a know it all.  Would never go back. I am surprised Dr. Matsumoto is still in business. 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	I don't know who these other people are, but she has been an outstanding doctor to all of my family members for several years!  She is extremely thorough.  She is also a very good diagnostician.  I have never, ever felt rushed.  The people who work in her office have been with her for sometime which I feel is an indicator that she is a good &quot;boss&quot;.  I have always received very good care from the people in her office.  It is respectful, attentive, professional care at every level! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
54	0	This doctor has zero bedside personality to patients. She won't even look you in the eye when she talks to you. I had to go to a quick med because she could not see me for two weeks. I have now found a new doctor. 	3	3	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	I THINK THAT DR. MATSUMOTO IS A WONDERFUL DOCTOR. SHE HAS ALWAYS HELPED ME AND I THINK THAT SHE IS VERY EFFICENT WITH HER PATIENTS. SHE HAS NEVER MADE ME FEEL LIKE I WAS BOTHERING HER. I WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND HER TO OTHERS. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
54	0	This doctor is very arrogant and seems to want to rush out of the room and gives the impression that you are bothering her. She seems to dislike any reference to any other doctor and appears to be annoyed if you dont rush your answers and comments. I will not return to this doctor. 		3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
55	-1	Dr. Manning displays an alarming lack of interest post surgery--especially if patient recovery is difficult or there are problems.  Dr. Manning performed two hip replacements on my mom. 1.5 yrs ago, she began experiencing pain in one of the hip's.  After repeated visits, Dr. Manning would not offer a diagnosis or treatment for the problem.  She had to revert to use of a cane; movement was impossible without excruciating pain.  My mother has a new orthopedic physician &amp; after 2 visits, has been diagnosed with ITBS--a common, treatable syndrome. She is able to walk on her own and is beginning to live her active lifestyle again. She lost valuable time staying with Manning. For my mom's situation, Dr. Manning seemed more concerned with his surgical success rate than in solving my mom's problem.  Moral of the story: when your doctor is not addressing your health issue adequately, get another opinion &amp; then a different doctor.   Consider your health 1st, not the doctor's EGO! 	3	3	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
55	1	I had both knees replaces within the last 5 months.  Dr. Manning and his staff were thorough, experts, and took me step by step through each procedure.  Dr. Manning is conservative as he presented alternatives to total knee replacement.  However, with hi-tech imaging it was obvious that the joints needed replacement. Before surgery, I had the opportunity to attend a class regarding knee replacement. During hospital stay, Dr. Manning addressed any concerns or questions I had with patience and compassion. When I went home, medication, home health services--nurse and physical therapist, CPM machine, and out-patient therapy prescription was all arranged. I will add that Dr. Manning moves quickly, so you need to listen! All in all, knee replacement has given me a new life. Thank you Dr. Manning and Staff! 	 9/29/09	5	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	3 yrs ago Dr Manning and Alex did a shoulder decompression on my right shoulder. In Nov 08 my left shoulder started acting up. I immediately contacted Dr Manning and had left decompression in Dec. I was still having problems with the left shoulder, Dr Manning and Alex were very compassionate and listened to all my complaints. We tried various different things and when none of them worked we went back to the OR.  I would recommend Dr Manning to anyone with shoulder pain! Thanks guys!!!!! KIM   :) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
55	1	Dr. James Manning and his assistant Alex Seda recently provided me with outstanding service at short notice. I needed complex shoulder surgery immediately - they shifted their schedules around to squeeze me in. Dr.Manning made thoroughly informed decisions in a timely manner, explained the options to me, and scheduled surgery asap. He treated my shoulder as though it were his own as he had assured me he would. Alex is very reassuring,compassionate and knowledeable, very responsive via e-mail and cell phone 24/7. In summary, Dr. Manning and Alex are an outstanding orthopedic team - professional, confident and very caring. The various people on the staff at the office functioned as a team and coordinated all details, even though I was a new and unscheduled patient. I would not hesitate to return or refer my family and friends to Dr. Manning. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	I had right hip pain and was treated with a Total Hip Replacement and I am Very happy with the results. I am six weeks post op.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
55	-1	Sent to him for Knee Injury, Work Related. Did a Partial Knee Replacement which Never Took. Progressed to Major Infection requiring hospitalization and Serious Illness. Kept Reporting to him and Staff that Implant felt Loose and Painful. He refused to acknowledge complaint as well as the addition of noting Serious Lower back pain of the same side as knee injury. Was told, Lower Back pain a result of Injury but HE NEVER wrote it in Files leading to disclusion of Benefits to Resolve. Ultimately sent to another Ortho who was also made aware of the Pains, Knee, Lower Back. Ortho finally operated on Knee and Low and Behold, Implant was Loose, hence, full revision. Based on Arrogance and the improbability of &quot;Can't BE&quot;, I now suffer serious consequences as a Result of this Doctor. Not to mention, My Lower Back Pain, Not Included for Resolve as a result of his lack of Documentation. DO NOT allow only verbal diagnosis, Make sure to have ALL Documented and MAKE SURE you have copies in Hand.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Workers Comp
55	1	GREAT OFFICE AND VERY HELPFUL STAFF 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
56	-1	On first visit to doctor's office, I had to sit in the waiting room for 2 1/2 hours, and then only got to spend 8 minutes with doctor. The doctor charged $180 for the 8 minute visit. 	1	1	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Mallinger's for 12yrs. I was referred to her by a coworker who really liked her and for good reason! She is very professional, thorough, knowledgeable and friendly as is her staff. I have referred her to many friends and associates over the years and they all are fans of her as well. Though her office is in upper Summerlin, there's no distance too far for great care! If you want that, this is the optometrist to go to! 	 11/16/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	Exceptionally knowledgeable, with a fantastic personality that puts you right at ease. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	Dr. Mallinger is so friendly and knoweledgable...she took her time and diagnosed my daughters allergy eyes and helped resolve the problem...she is a quality person and dr...would refer her to anyone! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
58	-1	Awful.... worst experience in my life. I was taken off all my psycho tropics over night. Was told i needed to check into west hills so i didnt go into seizures.  The almost deadly cocktail of drugs i was on was horrendous to detox off of. I was put on different things to counteract side effects of other things.. one bottle of medication was stolen from my place of work and basically i was told oh well.... worst experience of my life and ive had a very tramatic life. It took me 4 weeks till i could go outside. .1 week to form sentences ..1 week till i could keep down food.2 weeks of not being able to sit down much less sleep. ... the way i was left out in the cold by this so called doctor and his staff is unforgivable.  I want those 4 weeks of my life back. And my experience has made me petrified of doctors ..and them throwing you on a bunch of medication and allowing what happened to me happen. BEST PSYCHOLOGIST MY REAR END! I WENT THERE FOR SERIOUS HELP AND IM DAMAGED FOR LIFE. 	3	5	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	Very helpful, understanding.  Was easy to talk to.  I didn't feel judged at all. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	Jeremy is one of the best doctors of mental depreesion I have been in contact with. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	He's a wonderful thoughtful doctor who really listens. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
59	-1	Mcbeath is a terrible Doctor. No Compassion. No knowledge. I would not recommend him to anyone. I am a Doctor. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
59	-1	.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
59	-1	Absolutely can't stand this practice.  Neither Dr. Housley or Dr. McBeath are doctors that I would ever treat with.  I don't care for the deceptive tactics I have seen used in their practice.  I can't in good conscience trust them with my health.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	1	My appointment w/Dr. McBeath (urologist) was fabulous. He was sympathetic to my problem. I had a hysterectomy in Dec 09, that left me with a hole in my bladder - not a pinch, a &quot;hole&quot;.  The doctor diagnosed, treated &amp; educated me on our plan for treatment. He also saw me while in the hospital. The doctor who performed the hysterectomy (gyne-ob) was known to never see his patients in hospital. Dr. McBeaths staff was patient, helpful &amp; understanding. Always on hand to assist &amp; get info to the doctor for assistance with the catheter I wore for 1 month. I have great respect for him.  He is very busy, very serious (as I am) in his communication with me and did not make me feel rushed. I would recomment him anytime to anyone. Thank you Dr. McBeath and staff for setting the example. Everyone has their personal experiences with these doctors and mine was scarry but he aleviated all my fears. He's one of the good guys.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
59	1	Dr McBeath was recommended by my family doctor and he found a scar-like constriction in my urethra.  He performed an out patient surgery and after an annoying week with a catheter I can't believe the difference.  Instead of taking 30 or more seconds to urinate with a full bladder, I'm empty in 6 to 8 seconds and had no complications.  I found him to be complimented by a professional caring staff.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
59	0	After waiting almost 3 hours, rushes in, no bedside manor, barely tells you anything and rushes out. Getting an appointment took 2 months, even when it's urgent. I wouldn't go back!!! 		1	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
60	-1	I heard that he is now going into correctional medicine.  There people cannot write reviews or sue for malpractice.   Things that make you go, hmm&#63; 	 9/7/11	1	4	2	Insurance:Medicare
60	-1	Dr. Mapleton clearly does not care about his patients. He is just on a time clock as far as he is concerned. If he is not on the clock, you are not getting a phone call back Ever! 	1	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	I first met Dr. Mapelton in May 2005, when I moved to Vegas. I have a chronic history of medical problems, and was immediately diagnosed as diabetic. In 2006 was ran over by truck while on motorcycle. Most of my friends are physicians and live out of state. I can never say enough good things about this man. He isn't in medicine for the money. I've known him to do house visits for patients extremely ill. He is knowledgeable and will take as much time needed to listen to your concerns and come up with a treatment plan. Trust someone whose had dozens of doctors over the years, you cannot do find any better, empathetic and kind physician as he. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
60	0	when you call about results you have to leave message with his nurse and she never call back the same day This happened to me 3 times so far 	4	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	Dr. McBride operated on me recently.  He is a wonderful surgeon and human being.  Being in the medical field myself, I would not hesitate to recommend him to others and would trust him with my own family members for any general surgical procedures.  He is very professional, kind and exudes confidence.  His office staff is very nice and helpful as well.  He was always on time in the office and never made me feel rushed.  After surgery, he came out to the waiting area to let my wife know that everything went well with the surgery.  Not too many surgeons will do that anymore, as they are rushed to get to the next case.  I give Dr. McBride the highest ratings and would go back to him without reservation if I needed further surgery in the future.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
62	1	Dr. McBride operated on me and was the most wonderful doctor I have had in Las Vegas. A total pro with compasion and understanding. If I need addional surgeries his offece will receive my call.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
62	1	He consulted with me in April, 2007 and operated on me at Spring Valley Hospital. He was helpful, gracious and, most importantly, very professional at all times.  I feel very fortunate to have been not only in Spring Valley Hospital but also to have him as my surgeon. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	Dr. Mcbride was willing to take the time to answer my concerns and gave me the information I needed to make my decisions.  His staff was very capable and helpful also.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	0	Dr. came into the exam room about an hour after my scheduled appointment.  He explained the procedure in laymans terms however after I told him I had some questions he seemed bothered.  Very arrogant, one of those Dr.s who thinks patients should take their word as the bible & not question anything.  Rushed me out of the office as soon as I started asking questions.  I have elected to see another surgeon.  	5	1	2	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
62	1	Dr. McBride was patient. He took the time to explain things to me and made me feel at ease. Although his staff was unimpressive, he is a doctor I would recommend without hesitation. 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	I Give Dr. McBride a 5.  I had 4 procedures and took no pain pills, I healed quickly and was always able to talk to him or his staff with any questions.  	4	3	4	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
62	1	. EXCELLENT SURGEON, VERY HELPFUL AND POLITE, TOOKTIME TO EXPLAIN DIAGNOSIS AND TREATMENT 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	-1	.  		1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	-1	Dr. McBride was very late to the appointment, acted bothered to see me in his office. I think this man is very arrogant and provides poor service to his patients. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
62	-1	Late. Not helpful in answering questions. whole visit took 15 min. Refused to have surgery by him.  		1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	1	Told me that the pain from a prior injury was due to build-up of scar tissue. Removing it might create more scar tissue--recommended leaving it alone unless it became much worse. 		5	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	Good Experiences:  Dr. Mar provides thorough comprehensive exams and spends sufficient time with her patients in a calm environment.  She also has a pleasant personality and a professional demeanor.  I would recommend her services. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
64	-1	Please do yourself a favor and go someplace else.  Trust me, you will regret keeping her your doctor. 	2	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	I had LASIK eye surgery performed by Dr.Maw...he was with LASIK PLUS at that time. Very professional, easy to talk to. Did a great job on me and 2 family members. I would HIGHLY recommend him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	Dr Masaki is THE. BEST. DOCTOR. I have ever had. My baby was threatening to miscarry at only 6 months. He took really good care of me &amp; my unborn baby(here in Nevada). He has great bedside manner &amp; makes you feel so comfortable. He KNOWS what he is doing. My baby stayed inside to 39 weeks because of Dr.  Masaki!!! By the way, he really loves Spam Musubi :) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
66	1	This man is the best doctor out there. It is a shame he moved to Nevada! He saw me through 2 very difficult pregnancies. He called me constantly to check up on me. He is very knowledgable but speaks to you in layman's terms and not in a way where you have no clue what is being said. He even was there for me after my kids were born and the youngest was being seen by many specialists across the state for a rare syndrome. I would call him and he would talk with me about how she was and what was happening.  He truly loves his job and is such a neat man to know! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	1	Dr. Masaki saved my life in 2005.  I delivered a stillborn at 20 weeks.  I was petrified as I was newly married and young.  But thanks to Jesus and Dr. Masaki, I am now with a healthy 1-3/4 year old son.  Thank you doctor.  I will never forget him all my life. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	Dr. Maller is THE BEST!  Very knowledgeable, careful and caring.  Trust her with my son 100%.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
67	1	I have been going to doc maller for 3 years and she is the best doc i could ask for ... she helped refer me to ucla last month.. she makes since and actually spends time with you .. i tell all my friends that if then need a brain doc to go to maller 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	Dr. Maller is the best pediatric Neurologist in Las Vegas. We switched from the other doctors in the office to Dr. Maller and within six weeks my daughter was seizure free after two long years. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	Comming from NY finding a DR. was very hard. I found that Dr. Maller is one of the best. She is up to date with new meds. and treatments. My son has had a seizure disorder for the past 21 years and she works well with my son and with our family. The office staff always finds the time to talk to us. And returning phone calls within the day. People who are looking for a quick fix for there children in this field are barking up the wrong tree. On a scale from 1 - 10 I rate Dr. Maller as a 10. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
67	-1	doctor has been no help to my child, very short at appointments and never really tells me anything except to come back in 6 months. office staff is terrible and rude. my child has received terrible care there, i will be going out of state. shame on las vegas that we only have this office to choose for our children. 		3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
67	-1	Took my daughter to Dr. Maller for chronic headache. After meeting with her and giving her a medical history she looked at my daughter and I and said &quot;What do you want me to do about it&#63;&quot;. Needless to say we never went back.  		4	1	2 	Insurance:Tricare
68	1	DR. MAHON IS CARING, KNOWLEDGEABLE, AND PROFESSIONAL. I HAVE BEEN SEEING HIM FOR 7 YRS. AND IT IS THE FIRST TIME IN ME LIFE THAT I DONT HAVE PAIN OR DISCOMFORT. HIS STAFF AT HIS PREVIOUS OFFICE WERE WONDERFUL. I HOPE IN HIS NEW LOCATION IT HAS THAT SAME FEELING. IT WAS ALWAYS A PLEASURE (REALLY) TO HAVE MY TEETH CLEANED SINCE WE CORRECTED(MINOR)THINGS. IF YOU DO NEED ANY PROCEDURES HE IS VERY GENTLE AND THOROUGH. HE IS QUIET BUT DON'T LET THAT FOOL YOU. HE KNOWS WHAT HE IS DOING. I HAVE SPENT ALOT OF MONEY IN PAST YEARS TO TAKE CARE OF MY TEETH, BUT THEY NEVER FELT REALLY GOOD. NOW THEY DO. I HAVE GREAT CLEANINGS, AND A NICE SMILE. I RECOMMEND HIM TO PEOPLE WHO ARE IN NEED OF A GREAT DENTIST AND THEY AGREE. BTW, HE WAS RECOMMENDED BY A FRIEND IN CALIFORNIA. I THANK HER AND DR.  MAHON 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
69	1	She has a bit of a wait to be seen. If she see's you waiting in the waiting room, she'll peek her head out and apologize for the wait. She is very friendly and displays genuine concern for your child.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
70	-1	not impressed at all! they didnt close the door when consulting me, hello i dont want the whole office knowing everything about me! then the student who evaluated me goes next door and tells dr everything i just told him and he&quot;s schooling him....i tell dr what i think is wrong an he takes my word for it and prescribes me what my old dr used to ... i go pay $80 and couple days later dr calls and says results came back different, so glad i just spent so much on meds i dont need!O and i waited for forever!!!!! 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:CIGNA
70	0	In my opinion, Dr. Manthei does unnecessary surgeries! 	4	4	4	1 	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	amazing doctor. He saved my wife from facial paralysis which was initially caused by another surgeon! He has so far helped my entire family. I am happy we found Dr. S.  Manthei in the middle of desert! (we live in Lsa Vegas)! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:GHI
70	1	Amazing ENT.   Great bedside manner and very knowledagable 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
71	0	this Dr seems very annoyed with me, and my questions... considering its CANCER! 	5	5	2	3 	Insurance:Medicare
72	1	Excellent experience with this doctor, for both myself and my husband.  Highly recommended.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
73	1	She was willing to listen to what I wanted and even was okay with my VBAC.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
74	-1	I am receiving Chemotherapy and I am in my 9th session. I have had this Dr. yell at me in front of the Staff and patients.  She makes mistakes as far as instructions for medications and treatments.  Chemotherapy and Radiation was supposed to begin at the same time and she delayed Radiation and yelled at me cause it was my fault.  It is my 9th week of Chemotherapy and I had issues with hands swelling, possible infection in my mouth and when I go into the office to request to see her, she tells the receptionist that she will come in to see me while I am having Chemotherapy, but she never does. I have had appointments to see her but I never get to.  I requested another Dr. last week, but I won't see him until Nov. 17th when I will be done with Chemotherapy.  She has ignored to see me being my Dr. assigned.  I would not reccommend this Dr. to anyone. This  revieq is written by my Caregiver on my behalf who is with me 24/7 and has wittnessed everything.  	5	1	1	2 	Insurance:Veterans Administration
75	1	I am 64 years old.  In my youth I traveled the world.  I have been to many dentists over the years in many places.  For the past 13 or so years Dr. Marrandino has been my dentist of choice and is also my family dentist.  She is absolutely the best dentist I have ever visited.  She has a pleasant personality, she is extremely knowledgeable of and dedicated to her work and she has a great and competent staff.  I could not say enough good things about this extremely professional Dentist and her staff.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
76	1	Fantastic Personality - Takes as much time as needed for your questions/concerns.  Informs you of side effects of medicines.  Answers appear to be honest. 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
76	1	Amazing PA. Very good with his patients. Has a wonderful personality. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
76	-1	.  	 3/3/11	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
77	1	No doctor could figure out what was wrong with my hip until I went to mcClish. Very punctual surgeon. He takes his time to make sure he does his surgeries correctly. He no longer is at sierra orthopedics 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
77	-1	The Doctor bills you at the time of service then bills your insurance company and keeps all funds. Then the staff lies about everything according to the bill. Everyone beware 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
78	-1	worst doctor i have ever dealt with.  took my son for chronic abdominal pain after being recommended to dr. mason.he told my son that &quot;it was all in his head&quot;  other posts about his specious degree don't surprise me.  stay away.  	2	3	1	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
78	1	Great office staff, location, and doctor.  I felt he really cared about what was going on with me and gave me great direction. i am thankful for him and would recommend him to everyone i know.  thank you dr mason 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	1	Dr. Mason Literally saved my life. I was given a clean bill by a cardiologist in town, but Dr. Mason insisted that I have an angiogram. The test showed I was months away from a major coronary. If it hadn't been for his warning, would not be here today. Many patience want easy answers to their complaints. Dr. Mason is very direct and truthful as to what needs to be done. He doesn't sugar coat things, but he is an excellent professional for those who want to live a healthy and long life.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
78	-1	While the office staff was excellent, we have found another doctor I like better. After over a year with Mason and my last visit I was so dissatisfied with the dr. I went over to an urgent care walk in and was treated correctly. I also appreciate that the new Dr. has been trained in the US.  	5	5	2	2 	Insurance:Aetna
78	1	parking and location very easy, dr is arrogant at best but what doctor isnt&#63; the staff is great. i felt i could ask them anything and they listened to what i had to say. the girl in the front is great and i like that they drawn blood right there.  beats waiting at quest any day! 	5	4	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	0	This doctor does not listen it's his way or no way.His first answer is always to send you for a test.He is only interested in making sure he gets paid by scheduling return visits no matter how minor your condition is. I was sent for a 5 hour heart test due to a failed EKG performed by his staff. I only failed the EKG due to faulty lead attachment.The results of the heart test were perfect that doctor wondered why I was sent. He is arrogant and talks down to you! I could list many more reasons why I would not advise seeing this doctor. Once again his main concern is getting paid by referring you to his friends for the testing and scheduling return visits. 	4	4	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	This doctor saved my life!  He insisted on some tests, but I am glad I went along with his wishes.  Paid off discovered the problems was with my heart and sent me to cardiologist.  After cardiologist visit, went to hospital for a procedure.  Required bypass surgery and I am recovering.  Without the insistance of Dr. Mason, I could be dead by now.  I admit he does sometimes take an attitude of he knows what is best, but honestly he is the doctor, not me.  My previous 2 doctors could have cared less because I have had the same symptoms for a long time.  Now I am on my way to being nearly as good as new.  Thank you Dr.  Mason 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
78	-1	likes to order all kind of tests-whether you ask for them or not--and don't dare question any of the tests or bills that will be arriving wtih explanations why the tests aren't covered by insurance or he tells you the doctor patient relationship isn't working--Arrogant and Condensending,words my wife used 1st time she met him,and you'd expect so much more from an Island Trained Doct--err guy, I can't really call this guy a doctor.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	-1	This doctor was very unhelpful and condenscending. He not friendly and was quite standoffish. I would never recomend this doctor to anyone! The worst doctor visit I have ever had. 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	Im going to have to disagre with these comments that people left. Ive been going to doctor mason for several years now and have had nothing but very good results with him. He is very knowledgeable and is outspoken with his thoughts. To some that may frighten them but for me i like to know what the hell is wrong with me right now. And thats what i like about mason. He tells it how it is and how its going to be. As far as getting tests done, if they dont find the problem with what they thought was the original problem then yes they will order other tests. And who said that tests were cheap&#63;&#63;&#63; There staff has always been extremely friendly and helpful. And the fact that they do blood work from his office makes it even better. And the girl who takes blood there is VERY good at it. Dr. Mason is a fine, and well educated man and i would recommend anyone to go see him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
78	-1	This doctor was the most condesending, sarcastic, incompetent ever visited. Presented with huge swollen abdomen, exhaustion and weight loss. He ran bloodtests - said nothing wrong,told me I was fat and lazy and to excercise, did not even exam me at any visit - about 5-6 visits. Went to another doctor for tests- had stage 3 cancer and needed tranfusions during surgery due to anemia - this after he said blood was fine. he also discussed my case with a friend although I had signed privacy act! When I tried to get my records there were none as they hadn't kept files up to date. Rude nurse tried to quote FMLA which is incorrect - don't need that for records.  After I created hell, I had to go back a week later - reports were mostly incorrect as I had documented all my visits. I have reported him to the medical board.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
78	1	He is a competent medical doctor. Not a very good listner. Condensending attitude like he knows all and you don't. It is hard to discuss the medical situation. Quick to order expensive and time consuming tests that may not be needed.    	5	4	3	4 	Insurance: Aetna Insurance:Aetna
78	1	I went to Dr. Mason after using an urgent care facility for years. He listened to my history, my current problem, ran the correct tests, and diagnosed me accurately. I'm very happy with both the service and the level of knowledge. I would recommend him to my family or friends.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
78	-1	Did not hear what I was trying to explain to him. He walked out of the room as I was still trying to ask a question. His way or no way, it seems. He made me feel just plain &quot;stupid&quot; Never again...Great Staff Thank you to the girl in the window.  	5	2	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
78	1	I have been going to the doctors for years just like most of you. But Dr. Mason is the best I've seen yet. His staff is truly the best fun and understanding. I have passed his card to a few of my friends who now use him!! Thank you Dr.  Mason and Staff!! =0) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
78	-1	A very bad close minded physician. Poor diagnostic skills, worse personality. His lack of care for his patients is only exceeded by his own arrogance.  Two thumbs down plus a rotten tomato! 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
78	-1	By reviewing info from sources like this, I found out that Mr. Mason is a graduate of a very poorly rated island nation hospital and that he is NOT board- certified in the state of Nevada.  He scared the heck out of me when he told me that I had had a heart attack sometime in the past.  This was something that I was unaware of and became frightened at the news.  However, after taking a test (one of many) prescribed by him I was advised that I had no scarring or evidence of a past heart attack.  He seems to be somewhat paranoid.  When a test in a series he ordered was not taken, he accused me of playing games with him.  When I confronted him about this accusation, he apologized.  He and his nurse are both arrogant, dour, angry and unsympathetic.  Also, after three or four requests for my files both verbal and written, he told me that he didn't want to give them to me because I am a worrier.  I still have NO copies of the requested files.  I'm new to Nevada and found him on a list of a 	2	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
78	-1	Intolerant, sour, angry person. Single worst experience with a physician I have ever had.  	 4/12/08	2	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	0	Way over priced. This Dr. Mason over prescribes tests at inflated prices. I think he also has theGod complex. Very sneaky and rips off the insurance companies and you.  	1	1	2	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	1	HE TELLS IT THE WAY IT IS.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
79	0	I think he is learning as he goes when it comes to implants. 	5	3	4	2 	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	GREAT STAFF VERY GOOD DENTIST VERY HELPFUL AND PATIENT WILL RECOMMEND TO OTHERS. AND I AM HAPPY WITH MY NEW SMILE 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	Reasonably priced, very knowledgeable.We used him to repair damage done by another dentist to very expensive implaants. OI know form long experience how hard it is to find a good dentists. Will hang on to this one. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	The staff at Advanced Cardiovascular Care were kind, attentive and caring towards my husband and me.  I was very anxious about my visit but when Dr. Marchand came into the room his calm demeanor put me at ease.   He explained what I needed for treatment and answered all my questions, and boy did I have many!  Although I wish I didn't have the need to see a Cardiologist, I'm grateful that we found one that truly cares! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
80	1	I was referred to Dr. Marchand by my primary physician Dr. Robert A. Gaimaro. Dr. Marchand is an angel! He is one of the most caring doctors I've dealt with, aside of my primary physician! His Bed-side manner is wonderful & he is far from intimidating. He has a very caring and comforting demeanor that inspires trust. He genuinely cares about my needs & also respects my time by providing me with his undivided attention.  He is exceptionally knowledgeable & he also speaks fluent Spanish, which I love! God forbid I ever needed heart surgery, he would be the one and only to touch my heart! :) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
81	1	great docter.   Very thorough and accurate 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Veterans Administration
82	1	they really overbook I went 3 times and watied over an hour the first time and over 45 minutes the others.  Dr. is polite but reserved.  knowledgeable but does not seem to take seriously your complaints unless you insist he really check.  	4	2	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
82	1	Great office. Long wait time, but friendly and very knowledgable staff.  Dr Mathis is very easy to work with and caring.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
82	0	 	2	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
83	1	Very attentive and helpful. Would recommend. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	This doctor works for the patient instead of the insurance company.  Not inexpensive but worth it. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	Very knowledgeable on variety of treatment options for my complicated case. Willing to see me frequently as we worked on what the best medication mix was correct.  Very caring. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	Wonderful experience.  You always meet with him in his office before going to an exam room, so I could talk about my concerns.  He has a great sense of humor and made me feel at ease during this awkward gyno visit. FYI: He chose not to deliver babies anymore because he was in Carson City serving as an assemblyman (check his website).  Great doctor--I would recommend to everyone! 	 9/10/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	All the ladies in my office go to Dr. Mabey.  Now I know why.  I found him and his office to be very professional.  	 8/25/12	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
85	1	I have gone to Dr. Mabey for several years now, and I have nothing but amazing things to say about him and his staff! The office is always clean and the front office staff is very friendly and welcoming.  You can definitely tell Dr. Mabey cares about his patients, and from this, I know I'm being provided with excellent care. 	 8/11/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
85	-1	I never in my life have been so completely insulted by a doctor. My first visit with him was fine. But the second annual visit, he opened the door to his office for me and as I walked in he told me, &quot;mm you smell good. Did you just shower&#63;&quot; Then during my exam, he said he shouldn't write me a full year's birth control pills because I needed to start having babies ASAP because once I'd had one, I'd want two, at least... And I was getting old (I was 30), so time is short! Never ever would I go back to Dr Mabey.  	 8/2/12	3	5	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
85	1	I just moved to Las Vegas.  On the recommendation of my best friends, I went to Dr. Mabey.  It was the best gyn visit I have ever had.  He was able to treat a problem that my other doctor couldn't.  I give him an A+.  His staff is great too. 	 6/10/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	Great doctor.  Dr. Mabey really was knowledgeable and personable, and able to diagnose my problem easily.  So glad I found him. 	 3/16/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	dr. Maybey delivered both my children my oldest just turned 18, we had a complicated pregnancy and Dr Maybe was there w/ professionalism and was great w/ the emotional support(Thanks DR, M)wouldn't think of going anywhere or to anybody else.Soon we will be taking my 16 yr old daughter and feel confident w/ him being her new OB 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	I have gone to Dr. Mabey for years (10+), he and his staff are knowledgeable and friendly.  I appreciate the time he takes to explain things to me.  I would recommend him to anyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
85	1	Dr. Mabey is wonderful!  He takes time to answer any questions in his office at the beginning of the appointment before the exam.  His staff is always friendly and he is always on time. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	I've been going to Dr. Mabey for years and will continue for as long as I can.  He listens and he cares, a rare comodity. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
85	0	I agree with every single statement on here. He is both great and awful. He is ALWAYS on time, and for the most part his staff is very friendly and knowledgeable. I did have an issue with the young lady who does appointments when I asked her not to call me in the morning for my reminder call, to which she replied that &quot;she can't be making phone calls all day&quot;. Nice. I do absolutely love that he has a conversation in his office before the exam, though, as someone else here mentioned, I always feel kinda guilty for not having &quot;perfect&quot; relationships. (Dr. Mabey is Mormon.) I have also been diagnosed with abnormal paps, but whatever it was managed to clear up within 2 paps...and from what I've read here, I'm curious as to whether he was cushioning his pocket with unnecessary paps. I also had an incident where he didn't explain what was going to happen after a procedure. It was a little horrifying, but everything came out ok. He's certainly gentlemanly, but is he a good doctor&#63; 	3	5	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
85	0	i I had seen DrMabey in the past. I said I would never go back, that was 6yrs ago. I did go back and then remembered why I chose not to see him again.  First: He told stories of other clients, no names, and then tried to tie my sexual history with their...like maybe it was a good thing I couldn't have children...since I was not married.. Second: his nurse was abrupt and unfriendly.  His office staff was friendly and efficient.  I felt &quot;judged&quot; by Dr. Mabey.  Thanks.  	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Humana
85	1	i decided to go to Dr. Maybe because I was not happy with my current doctor. Dr. Maybe made a great first impression. With my previous doctor,  i sometimes had to wait up to an hour. Dr. Maybe was right on time. He takes you into his office to see if you have any questions to ask. He was very knowledgeable and is not out to get your money. I felt so much better after leaving his office. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Mabey for 15 years. He is patient, kind and considerate. You never have to wait for your appointment. His staff is very kind and helpful. He no longer does obgyn, because of the cost of insurance. He loved delivering babies. He is the best. He is also human being with a compassion for his patients that goes beyond a number. I think he is the best.  Thank you Dr Mabey 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
85	-1	Several years ago I was seeing Dr. Mabey. On a routine exam, he told me that I needed a hysterectomy. He scheduled a D&C.; After this procedure, I went to see him on a follow-up appointment. He told me he could not complete the D&C; because my cervix was closed. He then informed me that we should go ahead with the hysterectomy since &quot;I didn't need my uterus anymore&quot; (I was in my early 40's then). Something started smelling really fishy. I sought out another opinion, and after a thorough exam by [this time] a highly qualified OBGYN, he informed me that (1) my cervix was not closed; and (2) my uterus was healthy and no way did I need a hysterectomy. I never went back to Dr. Mabey, and would NEVER recommend this quack to anyone. There's only one thing worse than a bad lawyer: a bad doctor. Do your research; not every doctor graduated at the top of the list, and not every doctor is ethical. 	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	This is the most caring doctor that I have ever gone to.  He is considerate, respectful and he let's you know what is going on with your body.  I appreciate his demeanor and that of his office staffs.  We all know the cliche's of Gyne visits for women, but he makes it a pleasant respectful experience and it's not so horrible after all.  I love Dr.  Mabey and his staff!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
85	1	Dr. Mabey and his staff are the geatest.  I went through 4 doctors in Las Vegas before finding him approximately 10 years ago.  I  have sent several people to him and they all love him.  The doctor and staff are there to help and make you feel comfortable and do whatever they can to help.  He refers out when it is beyond what he thinks he can do, no ego there!!!!  Highly recommend.  As far as not delivering babies anymore, think about it, he has put his time in and just maybe he needs a little time for himself. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
85	-1	Dr. Mabey is a quack.... I believe he is a very nice person, but not a good doctor. I stongly urge you to research him before going to him for any type of procedure. There is a reason he does not deliver babies or do surgeries any more. Think about that before going to him.  	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
85	1	This is a wonderful doctor.  He's a kind and caring man.  He always has a talk with you in his office before your exam to find out anything that might be wrong or bothering you.  If you have a problem and call him on the phone, somebody from his office gets back to you promptly.  You're never kept waiting long.  He's very prompt with his appointments.  Best doctor I've ever had.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
85	1	I have seen Dr. Mabey since the early 1990's.  He is great and so is his staff. I only wish he was still doing surgeries and delivering babies. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	I was very sick and went to 2 emergency hospitals, both thought I had female problems,1st one at Summerlin, shot me with morphine and sent me home, then went to UMC and after 12 hours of tests they could not figure out what was wrong with me and was too scared to go in and look.I asked them to, I knew I was sick. I went to Dr. Maybe, he looked at me at me and admitted me to the hospital, found out I had diver something, it had rupture, he saved my life! Any longer I would have been dead. He knew by looking at me I was very sick and took quick action. He took another surgeon in with him to cover all his bases. In case it was not just female problems like everyone els thought. UMC did a million tests and could not figure it out. He saved my life. 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	He is the only doctor that has never made me wait more than 15 minutes, and that's no typical. He's usually right on time, very respectful and takes his time with you. He is very knowledgeable and caring. More doctors should have his work ethic! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	Dr. Maybe is the best gyno/ob I have ever seen... I love his staff as much as him... I am so lucky to have him as my gyno.  I work in a health office and refer him to every woman I know!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
85	-1	I saw Dr Mabey for an abnormal pap and he repeated it and told me that I had cervical cancer and that I needed a LEEP. He also told me that I had HPV. For 10+ years I believed that. When I went to Dr Spoon and told him what Dr Mabey had diagnoised me with, Dr Spoon was the best. He explained that I did't have cancer but abnormal cells that were biopsied and that I NEVER had HPV. Thanks to Dr Spoon for giving me better care than this Dr. Under no circumstances will I EVER recommend Dr Mabey.  	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
85	1	Dr. Mabey is the type of doctor you hope to have when a health issue arises. He truly cares about his patients. He personally called me to inform me that my biopsy had come back positive for breast cancer. I think he felt worse about it than I did, if that's even possible. He then placed me in the care of the best breast care specialist in the Las Vegas area. I am now almost 3 years cancer free, and recently wasn't feeling well, and after I was treated by him, he again called several days later to see how I was doing. This is  a rare quality in this day & age. If you want one on one healthcare, he's the guy. His &quot;sitdowns&quot; in his office are not just for 1st time patients, it's routine for this office on every annual visit, and more. They have raised the bar in the medical field.  Others should follow his superb example! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
85	1	I love that Dr. Mabey sits with you in his office prior to the exam.  It really put me at ease.  He is light hearted and has a good sence of humor.  There probably isn't much I would feel uncomfortable telling him since he has such an approachable nature.  His office staff is very friendly and helpful.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
85	1	I loved being able to talk to someone in the office with my clothes on, then have an exam.  He made me feel very comfortable and answered all my questions. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	This is an excellent, intelligent doctor. Dr. Mabey starts his appointments with a sit-down in his office to find out what is going on.  I feel very well-cared for with this man.  I've been going to him for 7 years and trust him implicitly. His practice is run very efficiently, you are seen at the time of your appointment. I would not trust a doctor who was so disrespectful and inefficient that a patient waits 30 minutes or more.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
85	0	He is a likable enough doctor who I went to for 3 years, but he is not thorough. He did exploratory surgery on my because something showed up on one of my ovaries, but never did a biopsy. Come to find out, I had ovarian cancer - and he missed it. Instead of catching it quickly and just having a minor surgery, I had to have major surgery with blood transfusions and then 4 months of chemotherapy. If Dr. Mabey had done his job, I would have a 90-100% chance for survival. But because he missed it, my chances are more like 50% now. I would not recommend him for anyone! 		3	4	2 	Insurance:Unknown
85	-1	I liked this doctor the first few times I saw him. After a &quot;abnormal&quot; pap, I saw him every 6 months. I was not comfortable with the fact that he never fully explained what it was. After finding out that I was pregnant (by my medical doctor a few weeks after my annual), I was told he couldn't see me anymore. When I changed doctors, amazingly there were no more abnormal tests. Made me wonder if I ever had an abnormal pap. He also made you feel bad if you weren't in the &quot;ideal&quot; relationship, and expressed as often as he could how he disagreed. I would never see this doctor again, and I would never recommend him to anyone. 		5	3	1 	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	Very pleasant office enviornment, friendly and helpful receptionist, personal and efficient nurse, and doctor was interested and concerned. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	Dr. Mabey and his staff are very knowledgeable, polite, punctual and helpful. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	Dr. Malik is a quiet man who knows his stuff. Dr. Malik has a gorgeous, well-appointed office and lovely staff. I have been his patient for ten years. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	The only person I give high marks to is Dr. Mahon. Her staff is completely rude, unprofessional, and horrible to deal with, which is why we will never return. However, if you need to see a ped ophth. (cuz vegas only has 3), I do recommend her as far as being the most knowledgeable and compassionate as can be. 	1	1	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
88	-1	Iwas with the doc for more than 20 years.he was always an ok doc till he started with MDVIP and opened the other office that only takes cash as insurence does not pay for laser skin treatments as well as the cosmedic things they do inthat office. after going with MDVIP he stoped working in the office 2 days a week so dont get sick tuesday or friday because he wont be in the office and by all means dont let them talk u into going to see dr.kaplin. if you go to see him you better bring a lunch and a lot of patence because on average he runns at least 2 hours late and answers his cell phone. as for mall he is after one thing that is mony. i remeber the last thing he told me when i told him i could no longer afford to pay MDVIP.he told me i was always welcom.when i called mdvip after not seeing him for a year and about joing back mdvip told me i would be hearing back from the doctor/ well i am still waiting. and all the time remembering his last words &quot;you are always welcome&quot;. 	2	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	Best Dr caring takes time to listen to you. You may have to wait but its because he does not rush though his patients. Every patient of his is a VIP.Well with it. Goes out his way to get your needs taken care of.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
88	1	Dr. Mall is the best Primary Care Doctor in all of Las Vegas.   I have been his patient since his practice began, more than twenty years ago, and will not change for anyone! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
88	1	i have ben seeing the doc almost since he started in las vegas and he has always taken care of me.i have had probly the worst luck with my health at the age of 44 i had to retire from my job of 30 years do to the mired of problems i have with my left knee 3 srgys my hips 1 replaced the other needs to be my back 10 fracutered verterbray 4 rup disk my sholders atore rotator cuff ect... the dock has allways taken no less than a half an hour every visit even befor he went on mdvip. i am looking at going on medicare and have ben told that the most pain meds any of these hmo's will provide most any one is 90 a month i dont what i would do if i am forced to go on one of these planes. the doc has always made sure i have the meds i need he knows he cant take all the pain away we do the best we can with all the problems i have. i would recomend the doc to any one that can scrape up the mony to see him. i have never heard any one say any thing bad about the doc i will keep seeing him as long as mymony permits. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	Wonderful doctor. Rated &quot;Best in Las Vegas&quot; for several years.  		3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
89	1	Knows veteran's struggles. Solid doc. Would recommend to family.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
89	1	My last psychiatrist had me on the wrong meds. Turned out some of my health problems were side effects from the psych meds. He fixed them and now Im back to normal. Recommend! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	I never thought talking to a psychiatrist would be so easy. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	Best psychiatrist I've been too!!!!  He listens and knows how to help. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	I saw Dr. Makin when he was a resident. He helped me with a lot of problems. Trustworthy and a solid doc! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
90	1	Dr. Marvin is fantastic, he is so up to date on all treatments and diagnosis, he is polite &amp; patient. He saved my life by catching something early and following through.  A great man!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
91	1	I have been seeing Dr.McAnallen for over a year and find him to be a breath of fresh air. He has a casual way that puts you at ease. I agree he treats the &quot;whole&quot; patient. I am not at all anxious about visiting with him as I am with some specialists with big egos. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	I read some of these negative comments about Dr. McAnallen and have to laugh.  &quot;He has become attracted to me...&quot;  Don't flatter yourself.  This is his bedside manner, but if that's not for you, then I'm sure he would like you to find another doctor.  When he took over for Dr. Salazar, I was concerned.  I thought there was no one to replace her.  However, he is THE BEST doctor I have ever seen, and I'm well into middle age.  He listens, but if he thinks you're overly concerned about something he's going to tell you.  He doesn't sugar coat anything and spends an unusual amount of time with you answering all your questions. As a DO he doesn't treat my symptoms, but instead treats me as a whole patient.  He has cured my migraines, help me lose weight in a responsible way. When he couldn't help me, he sent me to a specialist for ortho problems.  He sees my wife and I in the same room every time.  He asks about our relationship and really cares.  Wonderful Doctor!!!! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	My husband and I recently moved to Henderson and found Dr McAnallen and the Diagnostic Center Of Medicine, we are very happy with him and his staff.Judy always calls back asap. We are always taken on time which is a plus since most Dr's office are never on time!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
91	1	Dr.McAnallen is a very caring physician. He tells you up front about your health. Some people may not want to hear that they have to loose weight and exercise but it,s the truth. He listens and spends time with you. Doesn't order test that's not needed. His nurse Judy and Vern returns my call right away like within 30 mins. The whole office staff are very friendly. I will highly recommend Dr.McAnallen.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
91	1	Dr. McAnallen and Judy are the best and provide great care 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
91	-1	I moved to Henderson and needed to find a primary physician.  I procured all my medical records and went to the appointment prepared with information and questions.  Dr. McAnallen seemed very immature and unapproachable.  When I presented my concerns, he dismissed the fact that there is a clear history of heart disease in my family saying that my relatives were just old and &quot;that's what happens&quot;.  He said that my 140/90 BP(approx) seemed ok even though I described how it was spiking to 160/100 some days. The triage nurse took it twice and asked if I was ok.  Another red flag...he didn't require fasting before a full blood screening to check on my high cholesterol.  I asked several staff at the clinic and all said he's the only doc they know of that didn't require fasting for the test.  It was apparent that he was insensitive to me so I ended the appointment.  I really need to connect with a good primary doc and I was so disappointed to be treated with such disrespect. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
91	0	I have seen Dr. McAnallen for almost a year now.  I have found him increasingly inappropriate and unprofessional in his interactions with me.  As far as medicine, He is a D.O, and he has helped me stabilize my thyroid levels.  We have be unsuccessful in ridding my migraines, but he has tried by ordering a few tests to rule out things.  As far as bedside manner, he appears to have become attracted to me and he doesn't conceal that.  Instead, he has started making inappropriate comments during my appts. and I feel increasingly uncomfortable with him.  I am searching for a new Interist. 	5	5	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	I have seen Dr. McAnallen 3 times, and each time I am amazed at how much time he spends with me, without rushing, and answers all my questions. He has informed me of things I should know about for a person of my age, of which I was unaware. He doesn't just look at today's visit, but schedules ahead for future follow ups and yearly tests that need to be done. I am very impressed with both him and his staff, and would highly recommend him to anyone as your primary Dr.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
92	1	Amazing experience with her. Highly recommended.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
93	1	If you have abdominal pain and other doctors are not finding the cause, run, don't walk, to make an appointment with Dr. Mason.  My insurance company spent over $220,800. on a 10-day hospital stay, surgery, meds, and endless tests with no diagnosis.  This was 2 years ago, with continued pain, more doctor visits and no results.  This was pre-Dr. Mason.  Post-Dr. Mason&#63;    Within 2 visits, Dr. Mason had me correctly diagnosed.  Dr. Mason did what 9 doctors, a hospital staff, and numerous consults could not do.  He got me an accurate and timely diagnosis.  Results.  And he spent time with me.  He cared.  He paid attention.  Like those doctors you see in the movies but know they don't really exist in real life.  And when I tried to express thanks, he just shrugged.  It's just what he does.  And he made all the difference for me.  I can't thank him enough.  in my books, he's a terrific doc who got me results when no one else did.  Bottom line&#63;  HIGH recommendation.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
94	1	Dr.McClanahan is by far the best Doctor in Las Vegas. she is very caring, and does what she can for her patents. She calls you with your test results....not her staff.  I like that! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
94	-1	.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
95	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
96	1	excellent optomerist, very thorough exam I am glad that I found her 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
97	-1	Went in for a simple hernia surgery, everything seemed to be fine untill 6 weeks pass and I am having excrutiaing pain around my abdomnim.  I go to my regular docto they can't find anything wrong. This goes on for three months till finnally I told the doctor ( A DIFFERENT DR.) That my hernia was back he said it was imposible since Dr. Maranon had just performed the hernia patch so orderded a battery od tests still no awnswer.   Finally Another Dr. Touched where the hernia was supposed to have been repaired and eureka. He diagnosed me with hernia again.  When I went in for the surgery the surgeons could not find the patch he said he put in just the hole where scare tissue was incarcerating my intestines causing me the pain.  Mesh was actually installed by a different Dr. and releif came after 3 months of healing.  Dr maranon did a terrible thing to me and laughed when he said he was going to cut me open again.  This is why I went to a different dr.  He never did the job right the 1st tm 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
97	1	This doctor takes his time to explain things and options with you. He is an expert colorectal doctor. He helped me with internal hemorrhoids, skin tags and a fissure. No surgery was ever needed. Discomfort was very mild. I have no qualms in recommending him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
97	1	after suffering for nearly six-months of explosion like rectal pain & being told by other surgeons that I would not know if i needed to poop or poot after surgery, my neighbor gave me a clipping from the local newspaper.  i had surgery eight months ago, no more pain & when the doctor told me tht he &quot;knew what he was doing&quot; I knew then that my troubles would soon be over.  thanks doc.  you{re the greatest.  Clo Banks 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
97	1	I had to have an emergency appendectomy. Dr. Maranon was the surgeon on call at the hospital, and he took time prior to the surgery to explain exactly what he would be doing and answer all of my questions (including where he went to medical school and how many appendectomies he had performed). At my follow up appointments, he and his staff were friendly and warm. If you ever need a surgeon, I recommend Dr. Maranon. He's great. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
97	1	Takes time with every patient. Very compassionate and knowledgable. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
