dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
2	1	commentsHe did a great job with my anesthesia. I felt great waking up with no nausea or hangover. I would request him again. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	commentsHe has been a very good Dr. for me.He and his staff have always treated me very well &amp; I have had no problems at all. 	4	3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	commentsThe no scalpel vasectomy was the way to go for me, and definitely not even close to painful (just uncomfortable). His staff was really nice to me as well, and everything went as planned. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	 Dr.kaplan is a warm and caring doctor who removed my prostate in 2002 and was contantly with me during my recovery period.Of all the Doctors I've used over my 75years,he was byfar the most caring and professional. this world needs more physicians like Dr. k I hope you the best so you can still give the great care you always do                                  Mr. Irwin Craine           Prostate Survivor 2002 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
3	-1	.   	1	1	1	2	Insurance:Medicare
3	0	commentsKaplan has a reputation for being technically good, although his State of NV Med Board official record shows a reprimand and court settlement with a patient of $1.5M due to surgical error.  His main experience appears to be vasectomy but he has done a bit of everything I take it.  He apparently has a very high opinion of himself: his waiting room is covered with an &quot;I love me&quot; wall of plaques, awards, photos, etc.  His manner is rather abrupt, very matter of fact, and a bit too detached for my tastes.  His practice is (in) famous for its rude, inefficient, and unprofessional office staff.  They probably make him seem a less competent and caring doc than he really is.  But on balance, Kaplan is probably not worth the trouble to see him, his local reputation as a &quot;doctor's doctor&quot; is well overblown, and he lacks a healing manner.  You can do better.  And yes, I've seen him a number of times. 	2	2	2	3	Insurance:Unknown
3	-1	 what a rud staff, very unprofessonal. Nurse or LPN did not bring my chart and on a stick not wrote my viatls and good knows what she did with it.  the office staff are just not a good fit for medical field as they are unhuman 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	-1	commentsHad bladder sling done 3 weeks ago. went to the dr. after making the nurse give me an appt because I assured her something was wrong. I was right, the mesh has eroded through my vaginal wall. Dr Kaplan came in, examined me and said, yep your right you have to have surgery again and took me to the scheduler. Have to wait 1 week to get this fixed. Thinking I should have went to a different, caring Dr. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
3	0	 I was a patient of Dr. Kaplan but I only saw him yearly for prescriptions and so I dealth with him on a limited basis and he always remembered me and seemed very nice. Now his office staff is another matter, they have to be the rudest bunch of ****es in a medical office. I know there is something not right with him because of his staff. They are generally uncaring and will leave you on hold forever and tell you anything to get you off the phone when they do answer. I had  someone tell me to call her back the next day and when I did was told she was on vacation now! I was having a problem getting my medication. They are well known for being unhelpful at my pharmacy. Dr.Kaplan is responsible for his staff and I am certain I am not the only patient who has said something to him.  I am looking for a new urologist now 	1	3	1	4	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
3	1	commentsDr. kaplan is a wondrful human being and fantastic surgeon. I am a physician myself at the hospital where he does the bulk of his surgery. My son had a revision circumcision fixed by Dr. Kaplan that was terrible by the other physician.Dr. Kaplan cured my father of prostate cancer. He has tahen care of 2 other family members including me. He is well known to be the doctors doctor in Las Vegas. When you get referred to him yes you will wait. Is it worth waiting for a great doctor that is in high demand or not wait for the physician that is not&#63; If you are smart you will bring a book at your appointment knowing you might have to wait longer and stop whining  about the wait. He is probably booked for months and your Dr. probably asked him to squeeze you in. That day Dr. Kaplan probably recieved 7 such calls. So, I know Dr Kaplan and have watched him operate .He  is a master in the operating room and has a heart of gold. I could canvas  30 doctors in town who would verify these facts. 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
3	-1	 I had my suspicions about this doctor because of the un-helpful staff.I called after I experienced a problem after a procedure I had done and got put on hold and I hung up called again only to be told the staff was in a meeting with the doctor.I left a voice mail and never heard back from them again.I ended up going to my family doctor for treatment.I never saw the doctor after my procedure in the hospital, he did talk to my husband, theat is the only way I found out if the procedure worked or not.The staff is unbelievably un-helpful.The surgery scheduler is very nice.The office in my opinion is very dirty,unsanitary looking.After my follow up appointment I will be on the market for a new doctor,especially after reading the previous reviews. Anybody have a urologist that is good that you could refer me to&#63; 	1	3	1	1	Insurance:CIGNA
3	-1	commentsWent in for a procedure never saw the Doctor before or after the surgery.  Called the Doctor's office several times and always put on hold for a Nurse.  After being on hold for 30 minutes I would call back to be put on hold again.  Never received a call back or any information from anyone at the Doctor's office.  Its apparent there was additional stuff done during surgery but I am unable to find out what and I am unable to schedule a follow up appointment.  Again must talk to a nurse.  Unbelievable. 	1	3	1	3	Insurance:Unknown
3	-1	 Office staff refer to the &quot;nurse&quot; when there isn't a lpn or rn in the office, only medical assistants. Doctor dosen't seem to really care about his patients. Had a procedure done and was told to call if I experienced any problems. Well, unfortunately I did and the response was deal with it till Monday. I had more urine running down my leg than was going into the bag and was very uncomfortable to say the least.  Well, I changed doctors!!!!! 	3	2	2	2	Insurance:Anthem
3	0	 He did not speak to me or my husband after a procedure in the hospital, which left me wondering if I was okay or not.  Once I actually saw him afterwards, he didn't really say what was done or if I was completely &quot;fixed.&quot;I was rescheduled repeatedly and waited over 20 minutes to talk to a nurse.  	3	1	1	4	Insurance:United Healthcare
3	-1	commentsI am from Buffalo NY and have worked in the medical field in hospitals for over 30 years.  I was appalled at how arrogant and unprofessional Dr. Kaplan was.  He mocked all other physicians which is very unethical. I have never seen this before.  His office staff is untrained, unorganized, and very rude and uncompassionate, excluding the receptionists who were very helpful.  I was suffering from a uti and they responded five days later and didn't even apologize when they knew I have a urinary blockage. His postop care on my husband was the worst I have ever ever seen.  We ended up in the emergency room for five hours unnecessariy. Would never go back to this office. 	1	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
3	-1	commentsMy Insurance was Medical Mutual of Ohio.   He almost killed me!!! In May 2003 he did a Lithotripsy and punctured my kidney. I needed three (3) units of blood and was in the hospital for a week. 	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
3	0	 Terrible bedside manner.  Doesn't smile too much. His nursing staff is really unprofessional; it took 3 &quot;nurses&quot; to successfully draw blood for my PSA test. One time my entire arm was black and blue from the poor insertion of a needle.  If you need a Urologist, try Dr. Slavis or Dr. Finklestein.  	2	1	3	3	Insurance:Medicare
3	-1	commentsDr. Kaplan needs to learn that people have feelings. His arrogant and rude behavior is not acceptable. Never use him again. 		1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
3	-1	commentsMaybe over the years this doctor became a better doctor. When I saw him several years ago, I walked out of his office and said I would never go back. He was unorganized, didn't know why I was there even tho it was in my chart, and I found that he didn't have my chart and didn't know where it was. Hopefully he got better.. 		3	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	commentsDoctor seemed very knowledgeable and took her time to listen to my problem. She helped me feel all better after just 3 appointments when others couldn't help me. 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	 I have been goingt to Dr, Kartzinel since my first GYN appt and was so afraid, but he made me feel completely comfortable.  When I became pregnant he walked me through every step ofm y preganncy and I never worried about a thing.  I have since moved away and am pregnat with child number 2 and can not find a doctor that makes me feel half as comfortable as he does.  I am thinking about going back into Vegas just so he can deliver.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
6	1	commentsthis is the BEST doctor in Vegas! he is so caring and spends so much time making sure you are comfortable. he delivered my first son and it was the best most comfortable experience. he has always taken his time and listened to everything. His staff is overly helpful and all will go above and beyond to help you. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
6	-1	 Dr Kartzinel, is very c section happy. He induced me at 40 wks for no reason. Then after 12 hrs of pitocin labor he told me that if i didnt progress in the next half hr that i would need a c section. I trusted him and he didnt have my best interest at heart. My son was not in distress , i was progressing slow but well. IT was 100% unnecessary. Then he told me that once a c section always a c section which is a LIE!!! I went on to deliver my second son without any problems. Please dont use this doctor as he is more concerned with his own needs then yours.  The wait time is awful and he does not like to answer questions that you may have!!! 	5	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	1	commentsThe Best Doctor I have ever had.  I have three children, one born in LasVegas, which he delivered.  The easiest delivery ever.  He was very gentle and compassionate.  I've moved out of the area for several years and I can not find a doctor I'm comfortable with. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!! 	2	2	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
6	0	 I stopped seeing him after several years because he has turned his office into a baby factory.  The last few times I went to him the lobby was so full there was no where to sit. Patients waiting forever to see him for a few brief minutes and then he is on to the next one. The staff's explaination is that he is just back from vacation or some other excuse so he is backed up.  I did not feel I could ask any questions or express any concerns because he did not have the time to address them.  Plenty of other doctors in town to choose from.  	3	1	2	3	Insurance:CIGNA
6	1	commentsDr. Kartzinel has been wonderful. He is attentive and caring. His staff is so beyond helpful. I am thankful I have him to deliver my child! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	 Dr. K and his staff where amazing with me. Dr. K delivered all three of my children. If I were to consider having more I would use him again.  	5	4	4	5	Insurance:HealthPartners
6	1	 This doctor diagnosed my  hpv and did a great job! He did an in office procedure and cured my dysplasia.(abnormal cells). He explained my diagnoses and the procedure in detail, and made me feel at ease and relaxed. Thank you dr. K. I am looking forward to him delivering my second child.  I wouldn't go anywhere else!!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	-1	 During my visit I was treated like a number not a person. This doctor was in a rush, he never took the time I paid for with me. I left his office feeling scared and confused.  Never go to this doc NEVER!!! 	3	2	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	1	 Very good &quot;bed side manner&quot;. He really took the time to explain treatmnts and conditions.  	4	4	4	4	Insurance:Aetna
6	-1	commentsI feel this doctor is doing the very least he can get away with. His examinations are nothing more than canbe done by myself at home. If he spends the entire 10 minutes that he allotted for my visit he begins to get agitated and condescending. I feel he is unattentive and arrogant.Frustrating. 		1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
9	-1	 This Optometrist is the absolute worst in the city. My fiance ordered glasses and when we got them, there wad two large gouges in the frames from when the put the lenses into the grame. We took them back and they saif nothing we can do. We asked for a refund and they wouldnt do it because it wsdnt theri policy. This place is such crap and dont expect to be a satisfied customer.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$400
9	-1	 This doctor is incompetant or his manufacturer is. Purchased progressive glasses, had two pairs made, both not comfortable/clear. Was told it wasn't possible to make them for my prescription and was offered other options (standard bifocals or trifocals). Went to another doctor and the first pair he made was fine. Kawamoto gives no refunds.  	5	5	1	1	Insurance:United Healthcare
10	-1	commentsDon't know where she studied but they shud ask for her diploma back. 	5	5	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	 I have been seeing this Dr. for over 3 years now. He is awsome, yes he dose not spend a lot of time with you but he know what he is doing and and treat effectivly. His office staff is also great if you ask them somthing they will go out of there way to help you. I can get apptments when needed, they do not offer same day appt as they are full and all you have to do is ask and they will explain this to you. I had a billing &#63; and the billing office called me back asap along with the referral dept. the back office dose take a bit longer to get a call back from but when asked why they will explain they are taking care of the patents in front of them at night they check the voice mail. I highly recomend this Dr. and Advanced Urgent Care to all my frinds and family. YOU WILL GET TREATED GREAT BY THIS OFFICE AND THERE STAFF AND DR.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
12	0	commentsSince this is an urgent care clinic, one must expect some wait time. Compared to other facilities of the same nature, it is average. 	2	2	2	4	Insurance:Unknown
12	0	commentsI have seen this doctor a few times and although he doesn't take the time that I feel is appropriate with patients, he is the easiest to make an appointment with. My main warning is beware of the staff. They are rude, pushy, and don't follow through with things that they need to. I wish Dr. Karajohn was at a different facility for this reason. I had an allergic reaction to a medication prescribed to me and kept calling and leaving messages with the front desk to have a doctor call me. Five calls later and zero calls back, I ended up in the hospital later that night. Also, when calling to come in to the office, they avoid booking appointments because they are too lazy. I just called and the receptionist tried to get me to just come in as a walk in and wait. I told her that I needed to schedule a follow up appointment because I did not have the time to wait as a walk in and she said insisted that they don't do same day appointments. I reminded her that I was making the appointment for 	1	2	2	4	Insurance:Unknown
12	-1	 He is the absolute poorest excuse for a doctor that I have ever come across in the 51 years ive been on the planet. He must have gotten his license to practice out of a cracker jack box. I would not let this man treat my Dog. I spent four day in the hospital, and this man was never there. He is useless. I couldnt even fire him as I was told that I would have to do it in person and he just simply avoided coming in.  He is a loser! 		1	1	1	Insurance:HealthPartnersPaid/Co-pay:$30000
13	-1	commentsextremely arrogant, not at all helpful, does not care about the patient's true health problems. Gave an asthma patient three of the most deadly long acting beta agonists (LABA's ). labels on the 3 packages state &quot; people with asthma who take LABA medicines.....have an increased risk of death &quot;, patient was rushed to the hospital by ambulance 	1	2	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
13	-1	 I have had a two level fusion in may back and neck.  Dr Karl would do the same adjustments no matter what.  I came in with sever pain in my back and shooting down my legs and buttocks.  Dr. Karl yelled at me because I did not want an adjustment.  I asked for an MRI to find out what the problem was.  He refused to help me get an MRI.  It was later found that I had two large cysts crushing the spinal cord and had I been adjusted it could have led to worse things.  He did not want to listen to me about what my problem was and just wanted to do his same adjustments he does to everyone no matter what the problem is.  	3	3	1	1	Insurance:CIGNA
13	-1	commentsThose on the NW sign with back problems go to align.com it's on Durango by to the 215 near Kohl's. Both Drs are awesome, staff is awesome! The website shows pictures they have updated everything and they also take no insurance the place is booming and all the rave. Dr Kissling is the best. I promise you will not regret it! And your insurance isn't billed a hundred times. The place is state of the art. Check out website, 	1	2	1	3	Insurance:Unknown
13	-1	 Watch this place and really read the other comments. They re bill you and try to get you to double pay. Seriously avoid this place at all cost. Claims are ran several times on your insurance once you stop going you received a huge bill in the mail. I would always ask what I owe and they replied nothing till I stopped going and got a bill in the mail! It's very odd and strange how it is set up and yes the medical asst. Doc wanna be is not pleasant at all.  Do your homework!!!!! 	1	2	2	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	-1	 Dr. forced my adjustment, and my spine has hurt much worse than it did when I came in.........will never go back there.  	2	2	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	1	 Something seems shady with the way the bill claims...if you use them which your claims online. Also not fond of the Medical Asst Brenda in the back she is nice one day and evil the next&#63; Seems bipolar.... Research as well at the Nevada State medical examiners website he recently closed a malpractice suit May 2010 	4	4	4	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$268
13	-1	commentsI have to agree with the former comment, if you can pass the nurse, who thinks she is the doctor, and the secretary.  You will meet the good doctor.  If you choose to find another doctor, make sure you get a copy of your record before you let them know.  Otherwise, they won't forward your record to the new doctor, or want to charge you 55 cents per copy!  I wonder if the doctor is aware that he is losing his patients due to his staff! 	1	2	1	3	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	 Assistant always looks like she is overwhelmed. Can't seem to just be pleasant and handle her job as required. Don't like having to commit to what you will be asking him for. Saw him for pain problems and then for other issue's that required blood work and meds. Receptionist and his nurse/assistant made it very clear that only one issue could be addressed at appointment. Receptionist was apparently having a bad day and was very rude. I no longer go to him.  	3	1	4	4	Insurance:United Healthcare
13	-1	 If you can get passed the incredibley rude nurse who thinks she's the doctor you'll find the real doc pretty good. I changed doc's after she blocked me from prescriptions and seeing the real doc. She is a jobsworth and won't help out any more than minimum, she has the poor receptionist scared stiff to do what ever she tells her to do. Do not visit this women.  	1	2	1	1	Insurance:Aetna
13	1	 This doctor was very helpful and his treatments were beneficial. However, his office staff tried to &quot;rip us off&quot; by making us pay our ENTIRE insurance deductible up front before he would see us--just for a general visit. We did get most of it back, but it took several calls to our insurance company and multiple calls to his staff before they would give us the refund.  	1	4	4	4	Insurance:United Healthcare
13	1	 Dr Karl is a very caring, compassionate, and knowledgeable doctor. He really wants to help and wants you to understand. His office manager has implemented policies that make it difficult to be a patient there. You must state the ailment when making appointment and then you must discuss only that ailment. For example, my elderly mother needs prescriptions written. Some are general health and some are pain management. She cannot make one appt to get the new scripts written. She must make two - one for blood pressure and general meds, and one for pain management meds. She often ends up going to see him several times a month for regular checkups or to get scripts. He will not write scripts for more than 3 months at a time. He is very helpful and can do chiropractic adjustments.  	2	3	4	5	Insurance:Aetna
14	1	 Dr. K is amazing. Personally I prefer a Doctor who knows what he is doing. Who is honest and upfront. He is real. You can see his work is his passion. Some Doctors will tell you what you want to here. He will tell you what you need. He takes care of me.  I couldn't be happier! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	-1	commentsEnded up in hospital after lithotripsy. He never came and saw me. I was in hospital for six days. My internist and nurses all tried to get him to come and see me in hospital. He never returned phone calls. I ended up having to get a different urologist to take over. This doctor is irresponsible. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	 Dr.K's He is amazing. Personally I prefer a Doctor who knows what he is doing. Who is honest and upfront. He is real/ You can see his work is his passion.Some Doctors will tell you what you want to here. He will tell you what you need. He takes care of me.  I couldn't be happier! 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	.  Just an awesome physician, do not let his bedside manner think he doesn't care, his work is his life, his patients are what he is about, not your insurance money!!! 	1	3	4	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	 This physician is a brilliant surgeon having removed my husband's kidney & a 35 lb. cancerous tumor surrounding it.  This was a very difficult surgery & we could not have expected a better result.  This was a physician who was experienced & confident.  My husband left the hospital 10 days later, but was ready to leave in 3 days except for an infection not related to the surgery.  This physician is a caring man, but does not always express it in bedside manner. Would we have rather had someone who &quot;held our hands&quot; or someone competent in the operating room; obviously we preferred this expert surgeon.  	3	5	4	5	Insurance:Medicare
14	-1	 Perhaps the worst thing that has ever happened to me.   I went in to have my right kidney removed.  His errors nearly cost me my life. During the surgery he nicked both my colon and small intestine.  Even though I kept telling him that there was something wrong. he told me it was my imagination. On 9-11-08 I was rushed in to  emergency surgery with sepsis/perotinitis.  they removed 10 inches of my small intestine & a quarter of my colon.  another surgery and long stays in both the Hospital and Rehab hospitals.  I was sent home in a hospital bed on 10-28-08. I finally got rid of my walker in December 2008.  I became able to drive a car in March 2009.  I am still in  pain.   I still have not goptten my life back as it was before 9-2-08.  Be very very careful.  	3	3	1	1	Insurance:United Healthcare
14	-1	commentsI answered a series of questions,such as do I have kidney stones, side pain, pain when I drink a lot of water or beer all negative. The Dr. still recommended an expensive renal scan, and a urinalysis whether needed or not.(I just had a 24-hour urine test, he received the results, but everyone still has to have a urine test at every appointment. I have no present blood issues, problems or pain with my kidneys, and only had a pinched ureter about 40 years ago. Then he insisted I have a prostate exam, even though I told him I just had one 2 weeks prior from my general practitioner; I have no prostate issues. A prostate check is a once-a-year exam, and he did it anyway, insisted on it and the results-I'm fine! Just as my previous doctor diagnosed. He then set me up for a renal scan with dye and started talking surgery and other procedures. I do not trust this guy and will be seeing a more qualified doctor! Watch out for this &quot;doctor&quot;! And we wonder why insurance rates are so high! 	3	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	 Billing clerk made errors on tracking her cashed checks from me.  Six months later, she presented the same bill that was already paid.  	3	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
17	1	commentsAn excellent physician! Takes his time with you; listens to you. Is compassionate, knowledgeable, committed. Likeable personality, caring, informative. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	 Dr. Kalla is very responsive and committed to the care of his patients.  He and his staff are well organized and make things zip along efficiently during tests and evaluations.  Once these are completed, Dr. Kalla spends sufficient time with patients (like me) to make sure everything is well understood.   Great guy and great service! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
17	1	 Wonderful cardiologist.  Always has time for the patient and has helped my husband get transplant.  If not for him, he would have been taken off the list.  Wish there were more Dr's like Dr.  Kalla 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	 Where do I start&#63;  Dr. Tang referred my husband to Dr. Kalla after a battery of tests (nuclear stress, echo, etc.) ordered by another cardiologist were negative.  Dr. Kalla recommended an angio even though the tests were negative because my husband was having symptoms.  Dr. Kalla wasn't comfortable with what he saw and heard, and I thank God for Dr. Kalla's instincts because they found two major blocks in my husband's right coronary artery (90% and 80%).  Two years later Dr. Tang referred me to Dr. Kalla.  Dr. Kalla's instincts were once again right on target and I credit him and Dr. Tang with my continued good health.  My sister and step-dad are also seeing Dr. Kalla, and I love hearing how impressed they are with him and how much they like him.  My husband and I literally trust him with our lives.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
18	1	commentsNice, great with my 6-yr-old, felt like he really cared. Would visit again,  but since he's in the ER, I hope not to! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
20	-1	commentsI put my trust in him, and my back is totally screwed up since my surgery. For years after my &quot;spinal manipulation   surgery&quot; I would have paralized times that family would have to pick me up and carry me to lay me down. I had my   surgery in 1995 (Mother's Day) and was forced onto a metal table even with all my hollering in pain. The table   they stand you up on. I had a fracture of the spine (L-4 &amp; L5) before they even did this transfer to the &quot;table&quot;. My sister, standing at the door with tears, tried to make them stop, and they called security to get her out. 	2	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	 I would just like to say that  Dr. Kabins has been my doctor for 15 years and I trust him with my life. I went in on Jan 3 2012 with a pain rating of a 10 and more I am now I am now at a 2 and that is only at the incision site. I am now headache free  and I am recouperating  Thanks to Dr. Kabins  and fighting and standing up for me with the workers compensation board I was able to have my surgery .The Care and concern not only with me but my family from Dr. Kabins really means a lot to me. Dr. Kabins has gone above and beyond for my care and I just want to say thank you for all that he has done.   Signed Gary Cato 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Workers Comp
20	1	 Dr. Mark B. Kabins, is a very talented surgeon who cares for his patients 24/7. I had prior back surgeries (1992, 1997) prior to my 11/29/11 surgery. Dr. Kabins reconsructed several lumbar vertabrae with cages, screws etc. At this early stage, quality of life has been restored with a much better future ahead of me with regard to quality of life. To date Mark B. Kabins is the best back surgeon I have met and I have been seen by many back surgeons in the past 20 plus years.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Workers Comp
20	1	commentshe is one of the best spine doctors in his field and a very nice bedside manner. would recommend him to anyone. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
20	-1	commentsI had a fusion done on 4,5,6, plate was put in crooked, during after surg visits, kabins took xrays every visit, and never touched me, I had complaints of pain from day one, and kept complaing that something was wrong, and that my neck was crooked,,, I was in constant pain, and I said the same thing every visit, I finaly told him to look at the xrays, they all lean to the right, his reply was,, its the way im standing,,,, I finally made him look at all the xrays, he areed ,it was crooked. I saw him 1 time in hosp, I complained I couldnt sleep on my back, due to increase pain and headaches. his assit, said to sleep on 3 pillows,, (thats sitting up) right!!!! I stopped going to Kabins, because he wouldnt do anything or help me,,, I changed drs, who imediatly had me do an MRI which showed the plate he put in is crooked and caused a disk bulge on C3/4 and will effect the upper ones as well,,, he worked on me at 9:30 pm after a 4 hr delayed flight back east, I was suppose to have surg 9 am 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	 Dr Kabins is the best!!  He gives you his complete attention and is knowledgable beyond any comparison.  He performed extensive neck surgery on me in January of this year.  He made me comfortable, was at my bedside every night to check on me, and made me feel that he truly cares about his patients and the outcome of their surgery.  I had a rapid and uneventful recovery, was back in the gym within a very short time, and back to work in my  demanding field in 9 weeks.  I would recommend Dr Kabins to anyone to needs help with a spinal injury or disease.  He is a fine individual and an excellent surgeon.  I have known many people that he performed surgery on and they have all had a positive outcome. The only downfall with his office is that you can expect to wait a long time.  Take a snack, a bottle of water and possibly a book to read. I promise you wont be disappointed when it is your turn to be seen and he gives you his undivided attention, for as long as is needed.   He's terrific! 	5	3	5	5	Insurance:Workers Comp
20	1	 Ive been seeing Dr. Kabin since 2003 atfer I had 3 lower back surgeries from someone else. Dr Kabins has done my last 2 and both of those were successful. He is a great doctor and I have nothing but confidence in him. His wait times are long so come prepared. I find it a small price to pay for the dedication that he gives ALL of his patients. If you want to be treated like a human being and not just another body to be given a number and a price, Dr. Kabins and his staff are where you should place yourself. (just bring a crossword puzzle or two and your patientce. Everyone expects the same service, and everyone gets it, and is given his complete attention once seen.) Thank you for all of your help.   Richard 	5	3	5	5	Insurance:Workers Comp
20	1	commentsAlot of people forget that Doctors in general are put under tremendous pressures, His Bed side manor was well and beyond the call of duty. Dr. Mark Kabins did a reconstructive back surgery on me there are no words to explain! Thank you so very much! Laura Of Las vegas 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	commentsDr Kabins performed five back surgeries on me since 1998, due to a work injury and a later car accident.  All the surgeries were sucessful and Dr Kabins always took a personal interest in me and how I felt.  My only complaint is the waiting time in his office which is extreme at times.  The quality of care by him and his staff was outstanding. 	4	2	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	 In April of 2007 my wife, 3 boys and my self were hit by a Swift Transportation 18-wheeler. I suffered two torn discs in my lower back. After months of treatment and testing, I had a double fusion done. The surgery went perfectly. No complications and I was home in 4 days. Dr Kabins was thorough and extremely professional. I recommend Dr. Mark Kabins to everyone who wants the most gifted surgeon around. He is professional and knowledgeable. If you want the best, have Dr. Kabins take care of your issues.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$1500
20	-1	 He has lied about not ever harming a patient. He is always late, his staff is uncaring about you or your injuries, pain, or anything else. He overcharges your insurance company and his staff knows it. Diane admitted it to me over the phone when I received a letter of rejection from my insurance company concerning artifical bone foam he uses in surgery between spinal discs. My insurance company said no as the artifical bone stuff is considered experimental. Diane said don't worry they had already charged for the stuff in the body of the surgery charge and that my insurance company didn't know it but would pay. Surgery went ahead as planned.  	1	1	1	2	Insurance:United Healthcare
20	1	commentsDr. Kabins is an amazing surgeon. He probably does more back surgery than anyone in Las Vegas, or at least more difficult back surgeries, and does not make mistakes. He is very compassionate The downside is that it often takes hours to see him in his office. 	4	3	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	commentsI was in an auto accident and had a herniated disk in my neck.  After viewing my MRI he said that the injury could be operated on. Asked me if my chiropractor was helping me (He was).  He knows his stuff.  I never had the operation.  I just didn't want to do that.  Although, I felt confident in what Dr. Kabins said.  Dr. Kabins spent a lot of time with me and usually answered every question that I had.  Very busy office.  I think I met with him three times. One particular visit I waited four hours.  The other visits were between 2 and 3 hours.  It did piss me off that prisoners with back troubles (I guess the state sends convicts to him) trumped those of us with regular appointments. 	3	1	4	4	Insurance:Unknown
20	-1	 My spinal fusions were rushed at late hours at night due to his extreme tardiness. I had fluid leaking and it caused permanent nerve damage--but only after 3 more surgeries to attempt to correct the problem. He didn't follow up himself, let other PAs and hospital doctor release me to a rehab too early and lots of complications! He dumped me when they couldn't address my excruciating pain saying he couldn't do anything else to correct damage,despite being the cause. He seems frazzled and rushed and seems to get angry or blaming patient if he can't figure out what the problem is, instead of investigating a solution. I was MUCH worse after his surgeries. My subsequent re-fusions (his 2 lumbar fusions NEVER fused) by another local surgeon (Dr. Forage) was very successful--NOT one complication.Kabins is too aggressive and runs an rushed assembly line of patients. Too heavy of a workload=too many mistakes. Avoid this surgeon, there's better in Las Vegas and this is a very serious surgery.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Workers Comp
20	1	 Excellent doctor who showed great concern for me as a patient. I will admit wait times can be long but well worth it. He explained all my options and never once pushed surgery on me. Sent me for second opinion to try and confirm diagnosis since I was not an easy diagnosis. When surgery became only option he thoroughly explained risks versus benefits and spent all the time I needed answering questions. He was also very honest about my prognosis. He explained I would never be completely pain free but the hope was to make hurt less then before.  	5	2	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
20	1	commentsDid back surgery--was great and efficient; he is an honest, straightforward doctor who tried all methods other than surgery before doing it--he is NOT knife happy. Paid/Co-pay:$1500	3	2	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
20	0	commentsAfter being made to wait for surgery almost 2 years by workers comp Dr. Kabins did a wonderful job with my surgery.  He told me of all the risks and possible outcome of the surgery. While I do have some limitations the overall results are far better than I expected. 	4	1	3	3	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	commentsI've only seen Dr. Kabins once, I have a follow-up visit in another month.  My experience was very good.  Yes I had to wait about 45 minutes total from my appt. time until I met him, but that's pretty good for Vegas.  The doctor introduced himself, made eye contact and shook my hand.  We discussed my situation and he left all the decisions up to me.  We did not discuss surgery, he didn't even suggest it.  After we initially spoke, he indicated I might want to consider getting x-rays, and I'm glad I did!  I have severe disc degeneration (clearly visible) and he said that the first course of action is physical therapy.  I've been going to physical therapy for two weeks and I feel a lot better!  I take over the counter pain relievers as needed.  He did not suggest or recommend pain relivers and for that I'm very happy.  I have heard from other health care professionals, that Dr. Kabins is an excellent surgeon.  I'm sorry to hear others have had bad experiences. 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
20	-1	 Underwent spinal fusion with no success.  Dr. did not think twice about performing surgery.  Reluctant to help me to find out what is causing my continued chroic debilitating daily pain.  No compassion what so ever; avoids important issues and questions asked pertaining to my pain eminating from spine/surgery area.  Appointment wait times average 2.5 - 3 hours in the waiting room with an additional wait time of 1 to 1.5 hours in the exam room.  Always rushes through appointments as if I am wasting precious time.  	3	1	1	2	Insurance:Tricare
20	-1	 I was diagnosed with idiopathic scoliosis of 32 degrees and refered to Dr Kabins from my military doctor.  I saw him twice, the first being a brief consultation and basic explanation of scoliosis he sent me off with a prescription for physical therapy and referrel for an MRI. All in all not a bad visit.  As the days went on and pain grew severe I saw him again after the MRI was completed.  I waited for 2.5 hours in the waiting room and another 30 minutes in the &quot;consultation&quot; room.  Dr Kabins finally came in and did not even acknowledge me, he went right for the MRI films, flipped through them hastily, and said something like &quot;you're good to go.&quot;  I stopped him and told him I had questions about my more severe pain, increased nausia, inability to run/stand/excercise its affect on my military life.  He quickly scribbled down a note that said basically I am fit for full duty and ran off. He is rude, and unapproachable. He seems very stressed by the job. Seeking second opinion. BEWARE.  	3	1	1	2	Insurance:Tricare
20	-1	 The wait runs 2-5 hours..not very kind for patients with back pain. The doc didn't seem to want to listen when I was explaining my pain. He was ready to cut me open from the 1st visit. Post-op treatment was the worst! He never came to see me in the hospital to explain what he had done. 10 days later, I saw him & he put me on less pain meds than before my double level spinal fusion (stomach & back cuts). I left his office in tears more than once. It took 2 wks to convince him I needed more than 3/7.5 Lortab a day. Now, almost 2 years later, I'm still in pain. I'm going to see another ortho to see if this is how I'll suffer for the rest of my life or if there is something still wrong. When I tried telling Kabins I still hurt, he implied I was being a big baby. I felt no respect or communication. I'm one of about 8 people I know that have used him with the same opinion. He's quick to cut & if you don't feel well right away, he'll not support you, and he acts insulted.  	2	1	1	3	Insurance:Workers Comp
20	1	commentsDuring my visit I felt that I was treated very well.I would absolutely recommend this doctor to my family and friends.  I felt this visit was an amazing success!Overall I would rate this visit : outstanding! 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	commentsDuring my visit I felt that I was treated very well.I would absolutely recommend this doctor to my family and friends.  I felt this visit was a big help.Overall I would rate this visit : outstanding! 		4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	commentsDuring my visit I felt that I was treated very well.I would absolutely recommend this doctor to my family and friends.  I felt this visit was a big help.Overall I would rate this visit : good. 		3	4	4	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	comments:( Just found out he passed away... couldnt be more sad he delivered all three of my children and will be greatly missed  he was on of a kind 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	commentsHe is excellent!!! He did my hysterectomy in May of 2000 and he is the best of the best!!! I trusted him with my life, everything he told me was true and we had excellent communication. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND Dr. Kahle. My hysterectomy was so well done, I'd do it again. lol Told me I'd have a bad scar, but not so. LOVE DR. Clifford KAHLE! Thank you to all the staff as well:-) 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	commentsYou can't find a better OB than Dr Kahle. He is the best. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	 The best kept secret in Vegas is Dr. Kahle.  He always apologizes if you have to wait (which comes with the territoey in an OB office) and he takes the time to listen to you and answer all your questions.   Definitely, the best there is! 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
29	-1	commentsDr. Kaplan is compeltely negligent in his medical practices.  He is irresponsible and unprofessional.  Do not expect good service or medical help from him whatsoever! 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	commentsHe is a wonderful doctor.  Very friendly, nice, and knows what he is talking about.  He makes every question seem important and doesn't rush you out of the office.  Best doctor I have found in a long time! 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	 Great doctor and staff,  never makes you feel rushed, Dr. Karl always sits and listens to you and what ails you. He never rushing you while trying to get out the door to get to the next patient, that's why he is loved by most of his patients. Finally a true kind, professional and patience family doctor. I refuse to see any other family doctors again. Even if he no longer is an online with the insurance companies approved lists, sometimes your care is more important then the damn insurance companies.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
35	-1	commentsI called 3 times in one day during office hours and no one answers the phone. I left messages that no one has returned. 	2	2	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	 I have been seeing Dr. Karl for about 5 years now and he IS the best Doctor I have ever had.  He listens and has genuine concern for you. He always remembers you and his staff is very friendly.  He keeps his office technology not only up to date but ahead of most other offices. His office staff is equally nice and caring.  He's only a few years older than me which made me nervous at first, but I was completely put at ease with his intellect and abilities.  I recommend him highly to my friends and family, everyone has been equally pleased.  Las Vegas isn't the easiest place to find a Doctor, I was lucky and happened to meet his wife through church.  Very impressive facility and even more impressive Doctor, I am very happy. They also accept most types of insurance as I have switched through the years.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$15
35	1	 Dr. Karl is great. Very smart and personable. Always makes you feel comfortable. I love his staff. I highly recommend him. I've been a patient for 3 years now.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
35	1	 Been seeing Dr. Karl for 2 years and he is the best physician I have found in 3 different states. Currently I'm traveling over 200 miles to continue to see him. I trust his judgement and it is VERY refreshing that he ACTUALLY listens.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	1	 I have been seeing Dr. Karl for over 3 yrs and think the world of him.  He always makes me feel important and has never rushed me.  His bedside manner completely puts me at ease.  I totally trust him.  He also takes care of my brother who is a Quadraplegic and my son.  None of us would see anyone else.  Like any other doctor there is always a wait.  I see it as a positive - he doesn't rush you out.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
35	0	 Waited for two hrs, will turn you away if you can't pay that day even if you are a returning pt.He is nice but don't get on his bad side or he will flat not see you again.Will not refer you to the only Dr who takes your insurance if he dosn't have a good relationship with them... witch is crazy!! You have to go in everytime you turn around just for a scrip that you have taken for yrs!! 	1	1	2	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	-1	commentsIt took me a month to get into his office his staff was not to helpfull or returned calls he filled perscriptions that other Drs. filled 6 mnths at a time. I waited 2 hrs to be seen. ALSO hE NEVER SENT OUT THE REFERELS I HAD ASKED FOR. 	1	1	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	commentsI absolutely LOVE Dr. Karl, and have the utmost respect for this guy. I am a Registered Nurse at St. Rose hospital, in Intensive Care. Dr. Karl came VERY highly recommended by my co-workers and hospitalists. During the time I utilized his services, I had PPO insurance. I have since changed insurance plans, which he does not accept. I will return to the plan that he accepts. I trust his consults, and his judgement. Even though his practice is very busy, I never had to wait more than a day to get in to see him. This may change over time, however, I would still recommend him. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	 Dr. Karl does seem to be interested in your problems and will take time to listen.  He seems to act very quickely on medical issures and he also lets you know he is running behind, which is nice in that you feel you are important to him.  Office staff is very efficient in getting authorizations and seem friendly.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Tricare
35	1	commentsHave always found Dr. Karl to be extremely professional. He asks a lot of good questions and refers me the appropriate specialists when needed. Have enjoyed his office staff as well.   I am surprised by the previous review that said Dr. Karl was extremely overweight. I've been seeing him for a few years now and while he's not skinny, he's an average size for a male. I'll check next time I'm in there, but I am almost positive I remember seeing his degree was from someplace in Michigan (not Nicaragua as the previous reviewer stated). It kind of puts that whole review in suspicion if you ask me. Whatever, to each his own - but I've seen a few different doctors in this town and I'm glad to have finally found this one. I'll keep seeing Dr. Karl and recommending him to my friends. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	commentsI felt very comfortable on the first visit. Was stunned that on the 2nd visit he remembered some of the personal conversations that we had. Im very sorry I moved away so shortly after I met him, my son as well as myself loved him 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	commentsDr. Karl took time to explain things, and was very patient. I will remain under his care. Paid/Co-pay:$10		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	 Great listener, very patient. Friendly staff.  Will be back! 		5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
40	1	commentsDr. Karman did what no specialist could for me. I had been suffering from severe back pains for 6 months, and nobody could quite figure out what it was from. They all suggested nerve damage from a fall I took in September. Dr. Karman asked about the regularity of my bowels, I told him and he said I was constipated. A strict high-fiber diet, lots of will-power and 2 weeks later I was free of back pain, and many other smaller ailments I suffered had disappeared. I also like that he didn't want to pump me full of medications to take care of the problem. I'm sad that I have to leave him due to my moving, but he really is a great doctor who genuinely cares about his patients, not just the insurance money. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	commentsDr. Karman is a kind and caring doctor who takes great care to see that his patients are well cared for.  I would rate him as one of the best doctors I have ever been treated by.  His staff is also exceptional. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	 Dr. Katz is brilliant and caring. He is thoughtful and up beat. He has changed my life by managing my medical care. I suffered with chronic illnesses before I worked with Dr. Katz. He surrounds himself with a staff that shares these caring and kind attributes.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
49	1	 Through much testing, Dr. Katz diagnosed a (managable) condition that could have killed me if gone undetected. My health, due to varried conditions, is complicated.It has taken time, dedication, knowledge and honest concern for me, as a patient,to unravel my unique problems. I credit Dr. Katz for completely changing my life and how I live it...I feel WELL for the first time in years.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
49	-1	 Terrible. Incorrect diagnosis. Inattentive. Unprofessional as the doctor kept revealing parts of my body to view my scars. Uncomfortable and lacks bedside manner. Staff also follows his direction in terrible service. Girl stabbed me in the back- not telling me what was happening. Hurt me all up and down and the shock was immediate. NOT recommended. Did not even do a blood test. Gave me hypo allergenic samples and kicked me out of the room to make room for other patients.  	1	3	1	1	Insurance:United Healthcare
49	1	commentsThe Dr and his assistant were wonderful and thorough. However, his office manager has a major attitude everytime I go in, which is often due to allergy shots. They would have gotten a perfect rating without her horrible tude! 	2	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
49	0	 Terrible office staff.  I asked for documentation to be mailed to me.  They said they would and nothing came.  I called to make a payment, they put me on hold and hung up on me.  	1	3	2	3	Insurance:AetnaPaid/Co-pay:$61
49	1	commentsI have been seeing Dr. Katz for over 2 years now. Not only Dr. Katz took care of my allergies, but he also took extra care a time to monitor my severe asthma condition. Im so thankful that I was recommended to see Dr. Katz, now Im able to laugh out loud without going into a asthma attack (something I was unable to do since childhood). The staff and Dr. Katz are all friendly and very supportive to my care. 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	 Dr. KATZ has my asthma and allergies completely under control.  It took only a few simple tests to figure out a great maintenance program for me to follow. His office staff are nice and efficient. Appointments are easy to schedule. It's a great experience dealing with Dr. Katz. I tell all of my family and friends to see him.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$15
49	1	commentsIf you need a doctor for allergies or asthma, there is none better than Dr. Katz. I'm living proof of the amazing work the doctor performs. I'm alive because of him. That might sound a little over the top, but the fact remains that I'm here and breathing because of him. On my opinion, anyone who seeks the skill of the best of the best for allergies or asthma, needs to see this doctor. I've never had a negative moment at his office. I've never had a payment issue or staff problem. If you are willing to work with this doctor, you'll never want to see anyone else again. I hope he's around for many, many years to come. I will only trust this man with my conditon from now on. Thank you very much. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	 I am so blessed to be under the care of Dr Katz. He is very knowledgeable, but equally as important--his bed-side manner is excellent. He cares so much about his patients and goes above and beyond to make sure they stay healthy. I would very highly recommend him.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
49	1	 Dr. Katz and his staff are awesome.  He has been caring for my daughter with severe medical issues for over ten years.  He is the best allergy, asthma, and immunology doctor she has seen.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$15
49	1	commentsDr. Katz has been my families allergist for about 10 years.  We are so thankful that he is so caring and helpful and has ALWAYS got us in to see him, even when he is busy.  His staff is always helpful.  With the limited number of allergist in town, they do a great job getting patients seen.  i highly recommend him for adults and children. 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	commentsI have been going to Dr. Katz for a long time and I have not found a problem with the medical care I have recieved. I will continue going as long as I need to. I have recommended Dr. Katz to several of my friends. 	3	4	4	4	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	 I have been seeing Dr. Katz now for over one year.  Dr. Katz and his staff are very professional.  Appointments are are time.  Dr. Katz always has the time for his patient and has a very great bed side manner.  I would recommend Dr. Katz to anyone who needs help with resolving any allergy problems they may have.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Coventry
49	-1	 The staff was uniquely unfriendly during both visits. I did not get clear disagnose. I was not prescribed the medication that I told them works good on me.  I got tested without explanation on over 16 alergens at once, which caused sever alergic raction for a week after. I was billed over $400 and was not allowed to make payments.  On my follow up exam I was asked to pay the full amount and because I coudn't they told me that I will be rescheduled and did not let me find out what are the results of my lung x-ray were.  Is the cost of my life $400&#63; I still don't know what my medical condition is. I was also examined by the Dr. assistant with out my consent and I was paying for specialist visit.  Very unfriendly and unprofessional staff, inconsiderate doctor and complete dissregard of patient care, more focus on revenue generating units then patients...I don't envy people whithout insurance in this offcie.   DO NOT GO THERE,THEY CARE ABOUT YOUR MONEY NOT YOUR HEALTH! 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:AetnaPaid/Co-pay:$460
49	1	commentsJust overall great service and the Doctor cares and listens and smiles. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	commentsHe really tried to diagnose an allergy which ended up not being an allergy. He is pretty good with small children, although not so good with hyper ones. He spent a long time and even brought us into a room with a tv for my daughter to wait in while we were waiting for the allergy test to be complete. 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
62	-1	commentsdoctor does not appear to be very knowledgable or helpful with patients problems, almost to the point of being rude 	4	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	commentsThe wait is always long, but after six years I am comfortable with Dr. Kaplan, love his nurses!!!  I have insurance, not listed above, but even when I have a balance I have NEVER been denied an appointment.  Too many drug sales people for my taste, but he is a GOOD doctor.  Coordinates with specialists and stays on top of serious conditions. Very caring. 	5	2	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
65	-1	.  usally late he does not eplain test results &amp; if I do not call I do not know what the results are 	1	1	1	2	Insurance:Medicare
65	-1	commentsHe was never consistent or private. They told me I could not see him unless I paid $50 I supposedly owed, but they announced it where everyone could hear, causing me total embarrassment. I saw him for 2 years and he got mad because I missed that appt.I explained that I did not have $50 & he didn't care nor listen. My cardiologist who he referred me to told me to go in & I did call 1st. they told me to get there before he got back from lunch. They tricked me and let my health topple while I was encouraged to come in by his staff after cardio doc told me to via his phone. No HIPAA laws enforced and when I was taken by ambulance to the hospital, he sent his associate who I didn't know & their office is right across from where I was admitted for a week with sever uncontrolled BP & my kidneys took a lashing from the related pain. High BP is no joke!He also put refills on a triple script 2 drug which federal law prohibits refilling & it made RX look suspicious. Thank God the pharmacy knew me 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	commentsI'm sorry you had a poor experience with this office, but I'd suggest you give them another chance. I've been going here for well over a year and it's the first time I've felt my health was in competent hands. The wait can be long, but it's because Dr. Kaplan takes the time he needs with each patient, reviewing medical records and analyzing data. The staff knows me on a first-time basis, calls with abnormal labs, and actually remembers ME as a person, not just a disease entity. As for money, I've never been turned away, even when unable to pay. I've been provided samples of medications and told to never let the lack of money interfere with keeping my appointments. Competent health care by caring people. 		3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
65	-1	 I arrived a half hour before my appointment, 90 minutes, I was called to the examination room. There I sat for another 30 minutes. Dr. Kaplan entered the exam room looking for some object. He didn't say a word to me. He exited the room and I was left to wait another 10 minutes. Meanwhile, an aide took my blood pressure which registered much higher than normal. It was taken three times , with wild flucuations each time. I questioned to accuracy of the electronic machine. I was left to wait for the Dr. Kaplan and no one bother to apologize or tell me why I had to wait so long. Also there was no hand washing sink in the examination room. In addition to all this, the recptionist at the front desk informed me I would have to pay 100.00 out of pocket before I saw the doctor just in case he ordered any test. I informed her I had insurance coverage but she said I couldn't see Dr. Kaplan unless I left 100.00 cash or my credit card at the front desk. I finally left without seeing Dr.  		1	1	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$20000
69	1	commentsI would like to point out that the review that has been posted about Dr. Catherine Kanwetz is frugal and unhelpful. Dr. Kanwetz gives amazing rates to her patients. Your review reflects that you obviously believe that  Dr. Kanwetz didn't give her best when I have gone to her for I've fifteen years and always leave happy. It disappoints me to see that although Dr. Kanwetz gives all that she can, some patients are low enough to say that they deserve more, when other dentist dont treat their patients even half as well as Dr. Kanwetz does for her patients. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
69	-1	 This dr is always running late and left me in the waiting room for 45 minutes. The staff was very helpful and sincere but I would not go back. Also very rude nurse that came in and took my x rays. Very disappointed.  	5	1	1	3	Insurance:Anthem
69	1	commentsVery caring doctor.  Excellent staff. On time. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	commentsDr. Kaminski is both caring and expert in his diagnosis and treatments.  He inspires trust and confidence. 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
72	0	commentsnever sees patients on time.  too many unnecessary tests. prescribes without knowledge of interaction with other drugs you are taking. 	3	1	3	3	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	commentsAppears to be knowledgeable. What bothers me the most is I pay to see the doctor, not his nurse practitioner. Waits are about like all doctors. Only once in a while do I just walk in and get my business done. 	4	3	4	4	Insurance:Unknown
72	-1	 Office wait was atrocious.  Waited 30 - 40 minutes in the waiting area, after the time of my appt, he did not even show up in the office for 45 min after my appt.  Waited in the exam room another 20 min.  Finally saw the dr for 5 min.  Makes you do more tests than you need.  Seems money hungry.  Known allergies were not checked before prescribing more meds.  Has changed over the years. Would not recommend at this time.  	3	1	1	3	Insurance:United Healthcare
72	-1	 Horrible!  I waited just over an hour and a half to see the doctor for 2 minutes.  He said he would refer me out for an MRI and P/T, 3 weeks and several phone calls later I called my insurance company and they stated he never sent in a referral.  Called the doctor back and his office manager Suzy said I would have to come back in and see the doctor again!&#63; I switched my primary care doctor and got my referrals approved in a day and a half.  	2	1	1	1	Insurance:Anthem
72	1	commentswait time in office getting out of hand.....If that is fixed they will be at 100%. Office staff especially the cute little blond....susan i think. She is great hold on to her!!!!!!!! 		4	5	4	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	commentsDuring my visit I felt that I was treated very well.I would absolutely recommend this doctor to my family and friends.  I felt this visit was an amazing success!Overall I would rate this visit : outstanding! 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
76	1	 A visit to Dr. Katchke is a pleasant experience from the moment you come through the door.  The staff are totally cordial, greet you by name and make sure you are comfortable for your wait in their pleasant waiting room. Dr. Katchke truly makes you feel that you are his only patient that day.  Any treatment he has prescribed for me has been most effective and he has cured any ailment with which I presented him or has forwarded me for specialist care and followed up on it until I am satisfied.  He always has a smile on his face and instills the greatest confidence in all who visit him.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
77	1	commentsAccurate diagnosis, and worked with me to problem solve where others just got frustrated.  2nd best psychiatrist ever, and I have had a lot. 	5	5	5	3	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	 I just happened to find this doctor's info on line and remembered that he saved my mom's life (2006), and thought I'd honorably mention him.  I gave a lower rating on the staff, because he was called in for emergency surgery to my mom and it did take awhile for him to come in the middle of the night.  Don't believe there was much control there.  He did explain my mom's  procedure in a thorough and gentle way, and the need for surgery.  She wonderfully survived her back surgery, had a long recovery, but is still alive and well.  Thank you again.  	3	4	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
78	1	 If you are in need of brain surgery this is the surgeon to see. He did a resection of a brain tumor on me and 24 hrs later I was home and without complications that means to me that his work is of excellent quality. If you think bedside manner is the most important part of treatment. Don't have brain surgery.  	5	3	5	5	Insurance:Humana
78	-1	commentsMay be a good surgeon, but spent less than 5 min. with me.  Only wanted to flip MRI's up & didn't want to spend any time answering questions.  Somewhat flipant & arrogant.  Same thing happened to several other patient's there the same time as me. 	5	4	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	 Due to schedule conflicts with his partner, Dr. Duke, Dr Kaplan filled in and operated on my husband - put two reseivors in. Excellent doctor. Knows his stuff and very nice to us.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
79	1	 We have been going to Dr. Kamisato for about 8 years now and we really like the way he treats our family.  He really listens to you and tries to find ways to help you.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
79	1	commentsFriendly, fully explained all my questions, explained his reason for my treatments.Spent nearly a hour exaimeing me as I recently picked Dr Kamisato  as my PCP. I beleive that he fully cares about my future health. I highly recommend Dr.. Kamisato and his office staff . I received a appointment in only 2 days wait time. I only had a 10 minute wait in his outer office before I was called in. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
86	-1	 I arrived at the office on time for a sleep study. I was ushered into a room and left there for over 1 1/2 hrs without a word from any staff member. I attempted to locate someone and could not find anyone. I would not recommend this facility.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Aetna
86	1	commentsDr. Kamboj is a true professional, healer, and educator, as well as, highly intelligent. After reading and evaluating a referal echo-cardio report, he seemingly knew everything about me based on what he read. He helped me to understand all my correlating conditions related to my heart condition, thus, getting me on the right track to better health. I am deeply greatful to have him as a Doctor and will continue to use him and refer to him. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	 When I was a patient at Desert Springs Hospital in Las Vegas, I was fortunate to have been under the care of Dr. Kamboj.  His visit with me proved to be very informative. He helped me to understand my condition and how I should proceed to maintain my health in the future. He was respectful, friendly, and interested in achieving a positive outcome for my future.  His office made a follow-up call to me after I returned to my home in Caifornia to make sure that I had found a doctor that would take care of my medical needs.  In my opinion, Dr. Kamboj is sincerely interested in finding the best solutions for his patients' health issues.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
86	0	commentsDr. Kamboj offered &quot;free-advice&quot; that was offensive and out of line with the reason why I was referred to him in the first place. I will not continue treatment with him. On the day of my appointment, nobody was in the office and patients continued to congregate in the hall until, after 45 minutes of my scheduled appointment, the receptionist showed up. De. Kamboj showed up later, which made for a much longer day than anticipated. If you've the option, seek help or diagnostics elsewhere. Paid/Co-pay:$160	4	1	2	3	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	commentsThere is no place to put Sierra as my health carrier, but that is who I used.  Went into Summerlin hosp overnight for SEVERE chest pain --left w/no diagnosis...my family doc couldn't see me for a week and a half, then I was referred to Dr. Kamboj.  The man took more time with me than anyone at Summerlin and anyone in my private physicians' office.  He was kinder, too.  He ran heart tests AND a gallbladder test...and it was my gallbladder.  He diagnosed what other drs who should have did not..and it was NOT in his speciality--he could have just tested my heart and let me go.  I can't say enough about this man who saved me from so much pain.  He's my hero. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	commentsI felt this doctor was extremely proffessional and would reccomend Him to anyone. Overall it was a great experience 		4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	 At our first meeting,  I was very impressed with this doctor, as she is very knowledgeable and very friendly.  She immediately makes you feel at ease.  She sent me  a letter, of my blood test results, so I did not have to make another office appointment.She even ordered  refills of my medicine, without me asking, with a  pharmacy one block from my home.  That was amazing !   She took my old doctors's place, when he left the state, and I'm very happy with her.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
94	1	 My husband went to Dr. Kanellos for elevated PSA which turned out to be prostate cancer.  Dr. Kanellos gave us options on how to precede which we chose Dr Kanellos performing the prostatectomy using the Divinci robotic method. Today, my husband is cancer free and absolutely NO negative side affects from the surgery. Dr. Kanellos was highly professional, knowledgable and extremely helpful as well as a superb surgeon to my husband.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:HealthPartners
94	-1	commentsStaff said they were &quot;very busy&quot; in order to help me. Not good customer service skills, after I called with blood in the urine. Dr. eventually called back and indicated my problem was all related to the procedure he performed. 	1	1	1	3	Insurance:Unknown
94	-1	commentsDr. was rude. Gave conflicting diagnosis. Released me for the hospital after coming through the ER with more questions and no answers, and stated he had no desire to give me answers. 		2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
95	-1	 The worse experience of my life!  Do not go to this doctor if you have questions about your condition, test results, future. You will not get any answers, you will not see any test results and you will be made to feel like you are stupid and wasting his time if you ask him anything.  The coldest,  most uncompassionate doctor I have ever met. He has a god complex. He put me through hell, mentally, emotionally and physically.  It will take me awhile to find a doctor that I trust.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
95	0	 I also was not impressed with this physician. Can be difficult for me to understand and do not feel he is very personable and caring. Debating whether or not I want to return for a followup apppointment especially since I have no idea why and what purpose it will serve.  	3	3	3	3	Insurance:United Healthcare
95	-1	commentsI was told to be there a half hr before my appointment, the reception window was closed and I had to wait 20 minutes to check in.  Then it was 15 minutes past my appointment time before I was taken to an exam room.  I then waited 1 HOUR AND 5 MINUTES in the exam room for Dr Kaushal to come in.  When I mentioned that I been sitting in the room waiting for an hr looked at me like he could have cared less.  More importantly, when I ask him point blank questions about my condition I got no answers, when I ask him to explain the blood test I got no answers, when I ask him what course of action we were going to take, I got no answer.  When I ask if I should see a nutritionist, it there were vitamins or supplements I should take his reply was a very flippant &quot;take a Centrum&quot;. 	4	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
