dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
4	1	commentsgood doctor. sad to see him leave 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	commentsdr ellero was my anesthesiologist during a long and serious operation to remove my infected and enlarged prostate gland. the surgery lasted 4 hours, 2 hours more than usual for this procedure. i believe she may have saved my life because of the trauma to my body during the operation and the excessively long recovery. i of course don't know the details of what occurred because of my unconscious state. nevertheless, i suspect her excellent decisions were paramount to my recovery. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
11	-1	comments 	1	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
11	-1	 extremly poor bedside manors   forgot to come back after saying he would be back in 5 minutes   very sloppy  forgot to perscribe medication needed after chemotherapy   avoid this doctor at all cost.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:HumanaPaid/Co-pay:$70
11	-1	 Dr. came in office w/ratty pants and members only jacket..thought he was janitor and not dr. Didn't introduce self, just started going thru my folder. Door left open, no privacy.  Cancer patients getting chemo in small cramped rooms, jammed in together w/door open.  Used sharps & biohazard containers strewn throughout hallways and stacked high. Very unprofessional, very questionable ...  will never go to again! 	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Secure Horizons
11	-1	comments 	4	4	1	3	Insurance:Unknown
11	-1	.  The rudest most uncaring Doctor that I have ever known 		2	1	1	Insurance:Pacificare
11	0	 He is a very strange doctor, but did spend time explaining different options.Husband was diagnosed with protate cancer and had a PSA and biopsy. He asked why my husband wanted to know and take a test, THAT he wouldn't have. AND he is one the head in oncology for UMC.  		5	3	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	-1	commentsThis doctor kept telling the patient that he was fine. This patient died of cancer within a year. What kind of oncologist doesn't treat or recognize such a blatant cancer patient&#63; 		1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
13	-1	commentsDr. Ender is the rudest doctor I have ever met. He would only accept cash, which I went to the bank and withdrew. He was so rude to my fiancée that he had her in tears just before a major surgery. After we complained to the surgeon, he returned the cash I had paid him and stormed out of the building like a spoiled child, causing us to have to reschedule the surgery. After a negative review, he threatened us with a lawyer through the surgeon. He didn't even contact us himself.  Shame on Dr. Ender!  This is only my opinion and I'm not telling anyone not to use him. I'm sure he is very capable, but I feel that the rudeness, lack of respect, and unprofessional behavior is completely unacceptable!  My family will not be using his services, EVER!!!  I never met his staff, only him. Don't know how knowledgable he is since he refused to do his job. He was on time though. I never went to his office. 	3	5	1	3	Insurance:Unknown
13	-1	commentsThis doctor overdosed my sister and she passed away at Desert Springs Hospital.  Do not use him, if you have surgery, refuse to have him as an anesthesiologist. 	1	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	commentsWaited for a time I consider typical for hospitals and busy doctors (45 minutes). Dr. El-Eid was professional and warm, gentle and very reassuring. Would recommend. Her nurse was also polite and friendly. 		4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	commentsI found her confidence to be very reassuring. She is honest and to the point. 		2	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
14	-1	commentsFirst she left me sitting in the waiting room for 2.5 hours. If anyone asked how much longer t would be the staff would snap at us and say we just had to be patient it would only be a couple of minutes. When I met with Dr. EL Eid she was the most inconsiderate one of the all. She was short with me as if I inconvenienced her by even going. She implied that my doctor had wasted her time by referring me. She was cold, uncaring, and conceited. I am currently trying to find another doctor. 		1	2	1	Insurance:Unknown
14	-1	 Went to her for breast lumps and was very nervous. She held a long needle near my face and I reacted by crying and told her I wasn't ready for a breast aspiration. She called me 'chicken' and asked if I was really going to come back at a later date for another appointment. I never went back.  		5	1	3	Insurance:GHI
15	1	 Very helpful, funny, great knowledge for what he is doing. He will definately become my regular doctor. Some of the staff is great, there are a couple of nurses that aren't so friendly. But the others are amazing. Doctor is amazing and knows what he's doing.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
20	1	 My daughter has been seeing Dr. Eckert for 2 years for a thyroid issue. Very knowledgeable. Answers any questions I have and I hardly have to spend anytime in the office or exam room waiting for her or the staff. Always a good experience.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:AetnaPaid/Co-pay:$15
20	-1	comments 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	commentsMy daughter has been seeing Dr. Eckert for approximately 8 years for a growth issue. Dr. Eckert is simply one of the best doctors in the world! She is consistently wonderful with my child from a young age through her teens. She has also helped her with other medical problems besides growth and has given us referrals to several excellent doctors. I highly recommend her without any equivocation! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	commentsShe was wonderful.... Kind, nice, and so smart! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	 I saw Dr. Earl's TV ad for free cancer screening, I just moved to Vegas 2 weeks ago, I was very surprised that everyone at Dr. Earl's office was so helpful and kind, Dr. Earl took his time and gave me detail of my condition and referred me to an oral surgery. I highly recommend Dr. Earl.  Carolina Liao 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unicare
21	1	 Dr. Earl has been my dentist since I was a child.  In all those years of fillings and cleanings I have not felt one ounce of pain from a shot or a drill.  The staff is fun and helpful and he is constantly on the forefront of dental technology.  My last crown was placed the same day with a crown from their own lab.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Delta Dental
21	1	commentsWhat an amazing dentist! He does absolutely only the highest quality work. He is very knowledgeable and helps you understand why you need the work you do before he does it. The results speak for themselves though. Thanks Dr. Earl, my smile is oustanding now!!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
21	-1	commentsMaybe I have been spoiled by my previous dentist, but I was greatly disappointed with my experiences with Dr. Earl and his staff.  I recently moved here and Dr. Earl was recommended to me by a co-worker.  The hygienist was the only person that I felt to be personable and competent.  I waited over 30 minutes past my appointment time to even be taken back.  No one told me what was going on with my own mouth and the plan they had for my treatment.  Dr. Earl and his staff need to do better at communicating with their patients--the status of the patient's teeth, their plan of action for any problem areas, and the scheduling of appointments.  They assumed I knew what was going on and/or that I would do exactly what they wanted me to do when they wanted me to do it.  There were also billing issues that seemed to have been a result of incompetence on the part of one of his staff members.  I will not be returning and would recommend that you shop around for a caring dentist and staff. 	2	2	1	3	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	commentsWhat a great dentist! We moved here not long ago, and I wondered if i would ever find one I liked as much as my old one. He patiently helped me to understand all my dental issues, and answered all of my questions and concerns so well. I was more than impressed with his work too. I get so many compliments on my smile, I feel 10 years younger. The improvements in my smile were better than plastic surgery I could have gotten for my overall appearance! Its the best choice I ever made. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	commentsDr. Elliott is an excellent and knowledgeable physician. He really does CARE about his patients. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	commentsBest doctor ive ever met listens attentively. Makes sure i understand exactly what is going on  full non rushed exam 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	 Dr. Endo takes the time for every patient, to understand exactly what they are experiencing. She is very attentive, and caring. I make sure to request her every time I go into the student health center.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
28	1	commentsDR. CATHY IS A DOCTOR AT THE UNR STUDENT HEALTH CENTER. I ALWAYS MAKE IT A POINT TO REQUEST HER WHENEVER I GO IN. 		3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	commentsDr.Earley by far is the most compassionate doctor I've ever had in my life. He is a great listener and he asks questions unlike other doctors. Dr. Earley is the true definition of what a real doctor should be. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	 Dr. Earley listened carefully, asked me great questions and was very personable and professional.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
37	1	 Very friendly, spent a lot of time with me...very pleased with my selection of new doctor.  	5	5	5	4	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:$15
40	-1	 I had a brow and eyelift.  Dr Eggert left horrible very noticeable zigzag scars on my forehead.  During the consult she told me that the doctors who use the scalp method were old fashioned and stupidly I believed her.  I have thick scars as well on the scalp itself.   She cut too far out on the lid on one eye and not enough on the other eye.  As time goes by there is a noticeable shape and size difference between my eyes.   But worst of all she pulled the trigeminal nerves too tight and I will have to be on medication for the rest of my left or feel significant pain.   Least of all, I suppose, is that the crown of my head is permanently numb.   I consulted with a neurologist who doubts that the feeling will ever come back.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:United Healthcare
40	1	commentsDr. Eggert operated on my eyes for Ptosis. This was in June 2010. My left eye is damaged. I have constant pain in it nitely. I now need glasses to read with. My eys tear frequently.She admitted to having trouble with the left eye during the operation. Dr. Eggert had me sit up several times during the operation for that one eye. She came to the waiting room to tell my friend she had some differculty with one eye. She told me &quot;she is not God&quot;I feel like I have sand in my eye. The optomologist I went to told me my eyes do not close all the way. One eye lid is lower then the other.Luckily I can still see. I should nev ver hadve gone to her from Dr. anson's recomendation. 	3	3	3	4	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	commentsAfter multuple consults w various Doctors, I hired Dr. Edwards for my breast reduction.  He gave me all of the information that I should be aware of &amp; always kept my health as his priority.  He has an incredible bed side manner &amp; is very honest &amp; by breast look perfect.  I hoghly recommend Dr. Edwards as he is a breast artist.  TY TY TY 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	commentsAfter my first breast augmentation I immediately developed symmastia.  --The most rare complication, also the most difficult to repair.  Encouraging right&#63;  I had two revisions with my original plastic surgeon and both failed.  After the second, not only did I have symmastia, but I had also bottomed out and I had several hard knots under my skin that you could even see! I am an out of state patient and Dr.E always took the time to answer my questions via email. After discussing his plan for my procedure he promised that he would operate until he had acheived the very best result that he could for me. My breasts look great, the repair feels sturdier, you cannot see or feel any of my internal sutures (even though he uses 4 rows for support!! --he can suture, that's a fact!)  He is very helpful, knowledgeable, and skilled and it's obvious that he loves what he does. His entire office staff is also wonderful, I couldn't be happier with my experience with his office! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	commentsDr.Edwards takes the time to REALLY help you understand any questions or concerns about your procedures. Paid/Co-pay:$12000	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	commentsHe is an AMAZING surgeon. Very nice, warm, caring, and helpful. His staff is beyond great too. Everyone is personable. Everybody thinks I have perfect breasts! I love the job he did on me I couldn't be happier! Paid/Co-pay:$6300	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	commentsThey are a great group of people to see for plastic surgery. I never had to wait more than five minutes and felt like they cared about my situation. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	commentsAloha, I am from Honolulu Hawaii I saw many doctors in Hawaii, they did not make me feel comfortable, I did lots of research, and kept coming back to dr. Edwards. I flew out to meet him and have my breast done, it was the best choice! Everyone in his office is super helpful, and doctor Edwards only wants the Best for his patients! I would highly recommended him! If I ever have another surgery it's worth the flight! I thank dr. Edwards for making me feel beautiful! ??????????????? 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	commentsThe staff is outstanding and Dr. Edwards answered all my questions and eased my concerns.  I would recommend him highly.  He helped me make the right decision for ME. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	commentsDr. Edwards is extremely polite, knowledgeable, professional, and detailed. Office is inviting, clean, and private. His staff is polite and organized. I am VERY pleased with my results Paid/Co-pay:$6300	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	commentsBy far, hands down, Dr. Edwards is the BEST plastic surgeon in Las Vegas.  He mad me feel so at ease and confident about my breast lift/augmentation.  His staff was extremely knowledgeable as well.  Dr. Edwards, aside from being a caring, patient, nurturing, educated and awesome human being, was a fantastic plastic surgeon and i am ecstatic with the results that were achieved.  I would recommend him to anyone and in fact I'm going back for additional procedures. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	commentsI just had my breast augmentation 5/3/10 and I swear I would do it all over again with Dr. Edwards because it was such a SMOOTH operation. My breast are 2 weeks and everyone in the office says it doesn't even look like I had anything done because they looked and felt so natural! The nurses (especially Jackie) was so personable and excellent in every way. I must have called the office 1000 times and they answered my questions with diligence and professionalism each time. The most important thing -  I was referred to 6 different surgeons from girlfriends, and I consulted with Dr. Edwards last. I had NEVER seen his work in person, or knew of anyone who went to him. I chose Dr. Edwards simply by &quot;gut-feeling&quot; and internet research. This doctor knows what he's talking about! The moment I met him, I knew right then and there I was going to choose him. Thank you Dr. Edwards - you changed my life! Paid/Co-pay:$7000	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	commentsBest Plastic Surgery. I had a breast augmentation 2 1/2 months ago. He did such a great job. They look so good. The staff are also really great. Paid/Co-pay:$6500	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	commentsDr. Edwards is a fantastic doctor. Him and his staff were very patient, compassionate, and thorough. I felt that I was in very good hands throughout my whole experience. My breasts are perfect, much better than I ever expected. I will refer many to him! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	commentsDr. Edwards and his staff consistently go above and beyond to ensure the patient's education, understanding and comfort.  I came to Dr. Edwards needing some revisional work and not only was the surgical result fantastic, but I also felt completely informed of all risks and benefits and had constant access to Dr. Edwards and his great staff, which is very import during the recovery process.  I cannot speak highly enough of Dr. Edwards' surgical skills, knowledge and expertise, and his compassion and professionalism! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	 Calm, kind and most impotantly conservative...saw him for botox injections.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
43	1	commentsDr Edwards is a dual board certified Plastic Surgeon who focuses his practic on aesthetic surgery of the body and breast. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	commentsStudious/reserved as well as blunt...Gave me various options on my breast augmentation desires.This Doctor looks like a poor Plastic surgeon. He seems to wear the same clothes all the time.No bling too see.I think he needs some serious advertising as no one really knows much of him.Hopefully, I will get what I want and be 'Breasty&quot;. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	commentsDr. Earl is extremely talented with a good understanding of what’s best for you. He has been blessed with a wonderful talent. He welcomes you with only the best care possible. I've been with Dr Earl for over a year now & I’ve received the best from him & his staff. He is number 1 in my book for breast reconstruction. Simply the best in Las Vegas! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	commentsDr. Earl of the Mayo Clinic is extremely knowledgeable in the area of breast reconstruction after breast cancer. He will discern what needs to be done while making you feel that you are still a women (or a man in some cases). I highly recommend Dr. Earl and the Mayo Clinic for any person needing reconstructive surgery after breast cancer. There should be more surgeons and clinics aspiring to treat patients in this way. My hope is that the Mayo Clinic opens a clinic in Alberta, Canada. 		5	5	4	Insurance:Unknown
53	-1	 Horrible experience. The office was way too busy, had to wait at least 15 minutes to get in and an additional 20 to be seen. The staff is short and rude with you, will not be going back.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:CIGNA
53	-1	commentsMake sure they get authorization from your insurance company before having a procedure done. Other wise you may end up paying full price because they already preformed the procedure without having authorization from your insurance. This happened to me. 3 weeks later the office manager informed me I owed $350 because the insurance wouldn't cover a deep cleaning. Because I felt that they didn't do their job properly and was taken advantage of, I decided I wasn't responsible for their mistake.The office manager said it wasn't their problem, I signed for the procedure so I was totally responsible. Instead of taking any type of responsibility for the situation, they sent me to a collection agency. I have no recourse now put to pay. But I believe under the circumstances they could have taken some responsibility and at least offered to pay part of the bill. Make sure you get authorization from the insurance first. Do not trust that they will do it for you. I will never go back there. 	2	2	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	commentsI love Dr. Eberle &amp; his staff. He is very knowledgable, honest &amp; gets the job done. I highly recommend him. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	commentsWhat a relief to find a dentist I can actually recommend! I'm a dental-weenie, and this guy is probably the best in town. Not one thing that I could complain about, and super staff, to boot! Thank you Doc! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
53	-1	 I went to this dentist to have 4 teeth pulled, 1 cut out and have one filling put in.  When I left his office I had 4 fillings and was told if I feel pain to give him a call and then he would prescribe some pain medicine.  The very next day I felt extreme pain.  I called Dr. Eberle's office and was told that I would have to call a different office because the dentist went on vacation.  I called the other office (on a Friday) and they said they could not see me that day to call back tomorrow (Monday).  When I did call back I was informed Eberle was back from vacation to call him.  I did and was told I owed them money so they could not see me.  That was 4 years ago and I am still suffering from the pain of his mistakes.  The teeth he filled were not even worth the filling.  He also left a nerve exposed which was the source of the pain immediately following my appointment with him.  I was also told my insurance was maxed out but it was not.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:AnthemPaid/Co-pay:$250
53	-1	.  Does not take care of your needs as requested, and had to repair same job several times, and then proceeded to fix problems not asked to do and billed VA system huge amounts of money, &quot;VERY DISPLEASED WITH THIS DOCTOR&quot; 	1	3	1	2	Insurance:Veterans Administration
55	-1	 He's the worst GP I've ever used.  Jumps to conclusions and over prescribes medications.  He's not sympathetic at all, is set in his ways, and doesn't appear to care about medication side effects.  Not at all recommended.  	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Aetna
55	1	 Patients need to learn to talk to their physicians.  I have found Dr. Ellyin to be very helpful.  He spends the time to discuss my test results and prescriptions because I take the time to ask questions.  If you are involved in your health care (as you should be), Dr. Ellyin will be an excellent choice of physician.  If you don't take interest in your own health, then do us all a favor and go to a &quot;doc in the box. &quot; 	4	2	4	5	Insurance:AnthemPaid/Co-pay:$20
55	-1	commentsHe overlooked a major medical problem on my tests. He left the room and his assisting doctor caught it and brought him back. He rushed back in shouting why didn't you tell me you had these symptoms. I responded that I didn't know they were &quot;symptoms&quot; to anything. 		1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
55	-1	commentshe gave out medical records i had never given permission to be released. 		1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
55	-1	 Dr. Ellyin rushes out with telling you what's wrong with you. He gives you tests, but doesn't go over the results. When you check out, you find out he's scheduled tests and given you meds. Why&#63; According to Walgreen's, he once proscribed Elavil instead of Eladil for a rash. He ignored the fact a med I was taking had a side effect he interpreted as a blood clot in each leg simultaneiously. According to the FDA, this drugs caused ankle edema. I took a blood test for allegies and for cholesterol. He never went over those results. He walks out of the room and you have no idea he's not coming back. I had to tell his assistant to get him so I'd know what was wrong with me as he never told me. Then, saying he was very busy, he told me I might have blood clots &quot;One in each leg&#63;&quot; I asked sinced both ankles had been swollen but went down after discontinuing the med.  		1	1	1	Insurance:Medicare
56	1	commentsDr. Edwards is an exceptional high-quality, high-integrity doctor, as is his staff, and is totally dedicated to serving the needs of his patients. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	commentsvery knowlegable, competent, caring. Fixed my problem I had for over a year and many visits to my regular doctor in less than 3 weeks! 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
60	-1	 I also had the EA done and it did not work.  One more doctor misinforming patients about procedures, AND they aren't even effective.  I am still having the same problems as before.  The clincher is THAT I was not told that it would now be highly unlikely for me to conceive after having the procedures done.  It was meant to stop such heavy periods, unfortunately now I'll more than likely never be able to get pregnant either or will miscarry.  I don't even have children yet and had been looking forward to it one day.  Avoid this doctor.  She LIES.  She is criminally negligent.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
60	-1	 Claims to have 100% rating on EA's she has preformed. I am one of her former patients who did not. Still have very heavy flows every month but she kept telling me that the EA worked. How could it have worked if I still have such heavy flows&#63; I'm sure there are others out there she has told the same thing to.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Tricare
60	-1	commentsShe is a horrible doctor I would rather not say what she did to me but I would run far far away. I can not and will not recommend this doctor. Office stay is slow and impatient. Loses medical records. 		3	2	1	Insurance:Unknown
63	-1	.  Did not seemed concerned regarding my medical condition 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:GHIPaid/Co-pay:$20
63	0	commentsNever took us seriously. Always said I looked to good to have anything wrong with me. Ordered more labs than what he told me. After swtiching Dr's, I found out my kidneys are failing. He NEVER said a word about it. Always wanted me back every 3 months for suposed medication monitoring. My spouse ALWAYS went with me. He has a very errie presence about him. 	2	3	2	3	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	commentsHe's pretty good about the time he spends on doctor visits. He seems knowledgable. 		4	4	4	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	commentsTakes care of kids with no insurance or money and does it for free! 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
70	-1	 THIS DR. HAS NO BED SIDE MANNER WHAT SO EVER. HE IS RUDE AND ARROGANT. MY HUSBAND AND I BOTH SAW HIM ON THE SAME DAY AT SEPARATE APPOINTMENTS AND BOTH CAME OUT SAYING HE WAS NOT WHAT WE WANTED. HE SEEMED TO WANT TO GET IN AND OUT. DID NOT SIT DOWN AND TALK WITH US, REMAINED STANDING. THE OFFICE STAFF ARE EXCELLENT. HE COULD TAKE SOME LESSONS FROM THEM. WE WOULD NOT RECCOMMEND HIM TO ANYONE.  	5	5	1	1	Insurance:Medicare
70	1	 Fine, caring doctor.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:MedicarePaid/Co-pay:$120
71	1	commentsProfessional, intelligent and warm. She makes you feel comfortable and knows how to help you. She offers choices and helps you to make your own decisions. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	commentsI started seeing Dr Emery in April, I have been very sick, in and out of the hospital..More in then out.. the Dr I had prior treated me Luke I was a number..most of them did..I have the best cardiologist...He knew what I was going through..He referred me to Dr Emery.. He assured me he was the best...He told me he referred his brother in law to Dr Emery...I thought He either hates his brother in law or loves him. After my apt.I realize He loved his brother in law..From the minute you walk into his office you are greeted by his staff.. very warm.. right away they ask you can I get you some water, or maybe some fruit... I thought am I asleep..when I saw Dr Emery I was only scheduled for a physical , in reality it was a hospital follow up / New pt. Wich takes up to 30 min . I have a  complicated history. Dr Emery took his time with me. He was flored over how I have been neglected the past 5 years.. its going to take some time, but he has me on the right track. His nurse Julie is the best 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	 DR.EMERY IS THE BEST.  ANSWERS ALL QUESTIONS IN A PROFESSIONAL MANNER. DOSENT RUSH YOU OUT OF HIS OFFICE. I AM A PSTIRNT OF HIS FOR 14 YEARS.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
78	1	commentsDr. Emery is great!! A new patient of his from trusted referral - best doctor I've been to in 10 years.  He takes the time to listen when so many doctors are pushing you out the door before they even get in the room to see you!  Very personable &amp; proactive with health care. 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	commentsPaul has been my doctor for 19 years. I am convinced I would have died more then once were it not for his intelligence, perseverence and skill. In my humble, yet, experienced opinion...this man walks on water. Kudos to you Paul and your staff!!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	 Dr Emery takes the time to really listen and discuss with you all your options.  He is honest  and refers you to a top notch specialist when he thinks it is in your best interest. He has been treating me for migraines and finally I have them under control without a lot of medication. Julie, his nurse, has a great answer machine set up and always gets back to me timely.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
78	1	 Only been a year with him, but no complaints and was from a trusted referral. Excellent manner, will discuss all your issues and very congeniel.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:AetnaPaid/Co-pay:$10
78	1	.  very professional,pleasant,easy to talk with and answers your questions 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
79	1	commentsDr. Edwards is amazing. I've read the bad reviews and have a hard time believing them. But than again. I guess everyone has different experiences. His been with my family for the longest time, delivered me from my mother. I'm twenty years old and have been seeing him. The office knows me well, every time I go in they ask how my boyfriend and family is doing. Dr Edwards is a gentlemen, he always comes in shakes your hand and asks how you are. He's very gentle, and makes sure your comfortable. He always lends a hand to help me off the chair. He's just great, I have never felt more comfortable with another doctor. My insurance got messed up once, and they let me have my check up for free. I moved to Texas with my boyfriend, and he sends my birth control prescription to me out there. As well, when we had std's come up he offered to send medicine to both me and my boyfriend in Texas if we didn't come cleared. He tries his best to work with you. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	commentsI don't know if it's fair to comment, but I was a student with Dr. Edwards, and I will say that some of these comments are unfair.  OB/Gyn's are not paid by the number of visits you receive when you are under the care for a pregnancy, so multiple visits over the necessary 13 are at cost to the clinic.  Dr. Edwards sees patients as needed to maintain their health and well being.  He is one of the most caring individuals I had the pleasure to observe over the course of my training, and is an excellent teacher.  As for timeliness, I don't think he has that, but it's because he cares and listens.  I spent time with him in surgery, and will say that I wish he could be my physician, but we have moved states.  He is on the ball, and I've been around the block when it comes to seeing docs and how they practice. 	5	3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
79	-1	commentsAt first I thought i'd give the office a chance, the receptionist was always friendly and helpful. His students were as well, but as for him and his nurse they were not. I had to ask the nurse a couple times to use gloves when taking blood. Dr. Edwards never really gave useful or relevant information to me about my condition or anything really. Inconveniently scheduled every 2 weeks through entire 2nd trimester, usually for staff to take my blood pressure and say hi. I would say that was to get as many co-pays out of me as possible. Never really did anything medical. Any tests performed I had to ASK what my results were, they were never given to me up front the next visit. Felt like a help yourself kind of place. Bathroom has graffiti and obsceneties on the walls. Office doesn't seem overall clean. Not a good feeling until you walk out the door. The only person I liked was the receptionist. I had to ask myself if I trusted this doctor to deliver my baby and landed on no. Poor practice. 	2	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
79	-1	 when I had a miscarraige i was treated horribly they assumed i had a d&c; since i passed some tissue at the emergency room also was told if i wanted him to look over my paper work from it i had to go get it. Thats not all when i got pregnant two months after and asked for a beta level check or an ultrasound to make sure the baby was ok i was cornered in a tiny room by the nurse while he yelled at me telling me that getting either of those test done wont stop me from having a miscarriage and when i tried to explain it was to ease my worrying he said i would get my first ultrasound at 20 weeks i never went back after that and found a new dr.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
79	1	 Dr. Edwards is very profressional and compassionate doctor. He is very informative providing diagrams along with explaining things in simple terms that anyone would understand. He performed a Cone Biopsy at Sunerise Hospital where the staff was very professional and compassionate.  	4	5	5	4	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
79	0	 Doesn't listen to patient complaints. Performs surgical actions without patient knowledge. Out of practice in my opinion.  	4	2	2	3	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-CalPaid/Co-pay:$200
87	1	commentsI had a breast augmentation done in February and excellent results. The look and sfeel so natural and look great too. Many of my friends were suprised at how natural they looked and felt. I would definitely recommend this doctor to my friends. They were very thorough about what to expect and not expect. Paid/Co-pay:$5800	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	commentsI had fraxel laser done, had great results, Dr. Ebert and staff were wonderful. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	 Recently moved to Vegas and needed a root canal and crown done.  Dr. Edington did a fantastic job!  His staff is friendly and this place is immaculate.  Didn't wait in waiting room more than 10 minutes.  I feel comfortable taking my entire family here.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Delta Dental
91	1	 Very nice office, friendly staff.  His work is high quality.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Delta Dental
91	1	comments 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	commentsI was very satisfied when Dr. Michael Alkanich did my lumbar reconstruction procedure. He was down to earth cared for me and answered all my inquiries before my sugery, and everything he told me is right. I'm doing well now, and everything goes well with my reconstruction surgery. It's been 1 yr. and 6 months now....I'm happy and I will recommend Dr. Elkanich is the best doctor ever. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	 I had a great experience with this doctor and would recommend him to anyone who needs his services,he is IMO very thorough and caring and compassionate. I think he is one of the few real doctors out there.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
92	-1	 I had a horriable experience!!  The office staff is rude and the X-Ray tech. was pushing my body into the wall and angles that I could not do because of pain.  She didn't care kept pushing on it anyways.   The doctor never introduced himself, he is just very cold!  I would not recommend him nor his office to anyone!!! 	1	4	1	1	Insurance:Workers Comp
92	1	commentsThe surgeon has extremely helpful staff who do all they can to make the patient comfortable.  The office does run behind as most medical offices do, however the care that is given reminds you that if you were in real trouble, that extra care would also be given to you.  I don't know about you, but I have no problem waiting under these circumstances.  Dr. ElKanich is warm, genuine and honestly cares for his patients.  He knowledge is unsurpassed and his thoroughness shows that he not only enjoys his work,  but wants to do the best for his patients.  I want to thank all in this office for making this a memorable time and for making me feel that you honestly care about ME. 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
92	-1	commentsDuring my visit I felt that I was treated poorly.I would probably not recommend this doctor to my family and friends.  I felt this visit was a complete waste of time and money.Overall I would rate this visit : AWFUL! 		1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
99	-1	 was in two different ERs 3 times in a month for chronic condition. ended up with Dr. Edson twice. He was rude, condescending, and is negligent to the point of being dangerous to his patients. Came in complaining of seizures, he attempted to treat me for vaginal bleeding. Stopped him in time. Then administered pain meds against my wishes - had no pain! Meds made me worse - couldn't walk to bathroom, was vomiting. Ordered CT only after I asked, then went home without ever getting results. Left nurse orders to discharge me. Had to ask several times for test results - turns out I had a mass in my brain. On second run in, suggested I was lying about seizures even though they were witnessed by radiologists. Kept me in a bed with NO IV, unchecked for nearly 12 hours. His actions are dangerous. Two different nurses even told me to disregard him, and get to another doctor quick. If you see him, run.  		1	1	1	Insurance:Anthem
100	-1	comments 	1	3	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
100	1	 Dr Eells is a wonderful dr in every aspect.  he treated me wonderful.   I love him dearly.  wilda campton 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
100	-1	 I met Dr. Eells after my physician moved to another state and he took over my case.  After our first meeting, Dr. Eells stated that he wanted to discontinue all my pain medication despite the fact that I am disabled with Rheumatoid Arthritis (98%) and also have CMT-type 2 (Charcot-Marie-Tooth).  I told him he was insane!  I have severe pain on a daily basis and this doctor wanted to take me off of all pain meds!  I asked him if he had taken the time to read my file because it seemed that he did not.  Bottom line:  I never went back to see this doctor and would never recommend him to anyone.  After some time, I received a call from his office, apologizing and wanting me to come back.  I declined.  	3	5	1	1	Insurance:United Healthcare
100	1	commentsMy husband &amp; I have been going to Dr. Eells for years.  He is a very compassionate &amp; caring man who listens to you.  He runs his practice with a proactive instead of a reactive mindset.  Also, if we are sick, we can get an appointment within 24 hours, not a week or two.  My husband would only go to a doctor if he was deathly sick before meeting Dr. Eells.  Now he goes for his physicals all the time.  Laura M. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
100	1	 Very knowledgeable. Spends time needed with each patient. Staff efficient and personable. Best Doctor I have seen in Las Vegas.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Humana
100	1	 Great doctor - willing to listen and try various medical approaches that the patient is interested in.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
100	1	commentsWe went to Dr Ells for 9 years 6 years in vegas and 3 years traveling from st. george ut My husband and I think he is the best doctor we have ever had the pleasure of knowing.I would go back tohim  in a heart beat if he were in st. george ut.He never rushed any of the visits, he listened, and you could call his office and expect a responce from him immediatly. we miss him as our doctor.........Ken & Nancy Messenger 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
100	1	commentsDr. Eells is the best doctor that my boy friend and I have ever gone to in Las Vegas. I wish he was the only doctor that we ever had to deal with for every medical situation! Carrie n Andy 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
100	1	commentsVery caring and knowledgeable.  Always explains thoroughly.  Neither my husband nor I have ever felt rushed.  We've recommended him to several of our friends.  Wouldn't change doctors unless he - or we - moved away. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
100	0	commentsI came away from my appts w/Dr. Eells feeling upset & frustrated. Seemed &quot;put out&quot; that I had several conditions to treat. 		3	2	3	Insurance:Unknown
