dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	-1	 Dr. Yee Agrees to treat you, then if she does not like your insurance Co. Her staff tells you she can no longer take new patients. Even when the Insurance website says she is accepting new patients. A cold snake! 	4	1	1	1	Insurance:Anthem
2	-1	commentsHe could not figure out why my sons ear was draining for months. I just found out that my son developed very severe condition and need a surgery  because he did not see the problem when another doctor looked at his ear for a second and saw. Now my son needs a very big surgery. If he cought it, they could have treated it with tubes. Shame on you!!! 	3	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	 Dr. Yu is a professional, very qualified good man. He listens to the patient and is easy to speak with.   I feel confident after i see him that my problem was properly taken care of.  Highly recommend.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	1	 Dr. Yu is very professional, and very efficient.  He quickly determined that I needed a cat scan of my ear, and very openly discussed my options for care until that could be done.  He uses a laptop for recording his notes (which I like--much better than outdated handwriting or dictating) and I was in and out of his office in amazing speed.  I really like this man and feel very confident of his care.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
2	1	commentsVery good. He's funny and kind and acutally listens to what you have to say. 	4	3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	 I have been seeing Dr. Yost for almost a year now. I have been dealing with endometriosis for 10+ years and after recently moving to CA, I found Dr. Yost. She has been compassionate, patient and VERY caring towards me. I have been to the ER with problems multiple times over the last year and each time, Dr. Yost had worked with the ER doctors to make certain that I received the care that I needed. She has always taken the time to really listen to me and what is going on. She never has shown that she doesn't have time for me, or that she is too busy. She has been very proactive in helping me with the medical issues that I have going on. She has spoken with other doctors when needed to ensure that her plan of action truly was in my best interest. I would recommend Dr. Yost to any female who is looking for a great Ob/Gyn. Dr. Yost is truly working in the field that she belongs in. I just wanted people to know, that she has been a tremendous help to me and that I believe in her as a doctor.  	5	4	5	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	0	 She made a nice first impression and acts friendly. She always be in a rush, even answering questions. Not a very good listener and will continue talking over you to make her point. Doesn't provide much information unless you ask her.  	3	2	2	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	-1	 Poor follow-up with lab results. Was a poor listener and frequently spoke over patient. Informed patient had wasted too much time in talking with them. Stated lab tests for patient were provided as a courtesy, not a requirement.  	1	2	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	 Dr. Yu is a very patient and caring Doctor.  She works well with communicating my medical concerns and always left with the feeling that all my medical concerns were taken care of....she also is very good with babies and is her first love..Great Doctor and a Wonderful Person... Thank you for what you do! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
6	1	 Dr. Yu replaced a knee prosthesis that had started to loosen and was causing a great deal of pain. The surgery was complicated and he was obliged to remove a large amount of bone to install another prosthesis. The surgery was in March 2009 and I have absolutely no problems and more important, no pain since then.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:$500
6	1	commentsI injured my ankle and was looking for an orthopedic doctor. I recently lost my job and do not have health insurance. Dr Joseph Yu's office is the only office I can afford to see. He doesn't try to rob those who are paying cash. Other Orthopedic doctors charges from $300-$500 per visit. They took an xray of my ankle and saw Dr Yu. Caring and patient, he will answer all your concerns. Worth paying every penny. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	 Dr Joseph Yu did a WONDERFUL total hip replacement on my 86-year old mother. She felt very at ease with him. Just because she's a Senior, he still made her feel important.  He will answer all questions & doesn't make you feel foolish for asking.  He takes pride in his appearance as much as he takes pride in his work.   I HIGHLY recommend him!!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
6	1	commentsWhat a wonderful, caring doctor. If I ever need more surgery, he''s my guy 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	 Dr York is very much about taking care of his patients, whatever it takes.  I used to live in Winnemucca and he would save me many trips by doing as much work as he could in one day.  He and his staff are very personable and make me feel like they are always happy to see us.  Dr. York does great work and always has a bit of humor to add.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Delta DentalPaid/Co-pay:$138
19	1	 One of the best dentists practicing in Reno!  Dr. York is an extremely nice man, very warm and will take the time to explain his procedures to you.  His office staff is very friendly and will work with you if you have billing or payment issues.   Highly recommended! 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
21	1	commentsI like this Doctor.  He is friendly and helpful.  Maybe the office has no frills but he is struggling in this economy to stay in business and provide good health care.  Appointments are on time. I would recommend him. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
21	-1	commentsI could not possibly recommend this &quot;doctor&quot; to anyone I know.  The office was dirty, with trash bags laying around, and dirty carpet.  They did not clean xray equipment after having me stand on it in bare feet. So it obviously was not cleaned after prior patient.  Yuck. Confrontational and unprofessional office staff.  Bad attitudes.  Doctor didn't answer questions in straightforward manner and was very, very defensive for no reason. 	1	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	commentsMy resolution for 2012 is to rate all my doctors, particularly on punctuality. Dr. Young's staff and Dr. Young started exactly on time and did not waste a moment of my day. Thanks, Dr. Young! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
27	0	 When I first went to Dr. Yup, I asked him about some crowns that I thought might need replacement, he said they were fine..2 years later he told me I needed all three crowns replaced. I told him he should have done that before when I was working and could afford the co-pay, so he says &quot;well they don't have to be done now&quot; That just made me uncomfortable, I felt like either I was being sold work I didn't need, or he was uncertain about what work was necessary. He is certainly not the first dentist who has done that with me, but once it happens I just go somewhere else.  	3	5	3	3	Insurance:Delta Dental
27	1	commentsI chipped my front tooth badly and needed a dentist.  Dr. Yup and his staff were great!  I have found my new permanent dentist! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	commentsstaff is alway's Pleasant, He has been my Dentist for several years, He has a great sense of humor. We all need that with this economy these day's. Thanks Dr.Yup ! 	3	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
27	0	commentsHe is an ok dentist.  He needs to learn social skills with his patients. He talks about money to them too much 	5	5	3	3	Insurance:Unknown
27	-1	commentsI went to see Dr. Yup for a toothache and he took an xray and couldn't make up his mind which tooth to pull so he decided he should pull 3.  Inspired with confidence I left and saw another dentist who laughed when he saw the xrays... Dr Yup had xrayed only the top of the teeth not the root which is why he couldn't figure out which one to pull. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	 Very friendly.  But has made poor decsions on follow through health issues. Causing follow through with me and family member to other physicians who were knowledgeable.  	3	4	3	4	Insurance:Medicare
29	1	commentsDr Yamamoto is very busy but cares about his patients and spends the time it takes to answer questions and makes me feel informed. His nurse is great! It is sometimes hard to get through the switchboard and get scheduled because the group is so busy but when you get to a person, they are kind and helpful. 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	 After seeing her I always feel like I was heard.  She takes her time to see patients and always listens to patient.   I believe she is excellent, you should see her! 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$20
35	1	 She is a great doctor ! She has a lot of sympathy and is very capable of helping out her patients .  She is understanding I would recommend her to everyone ! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
35	1	 After years of unsolved problems and seeing lots of doctors for my depression Mrs. Yasar helped me find myself.  I am feeling happy and alive again thanks to her! 	5	5	4	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
35	1	 I felt like she really understood me, she listened to what I said carefully.  She was very clear while explaining what would be my next step. She is very helpful and have a positive energy.   You will understand what I mean on your first visit! 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
35	-1	commentsIt was hard to understand her.  Didn't feel she really understood what was going on with me.... 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
39	-1	commentsDr.Colby Young performed surgery for my middle right hand trigger finger...    then a large amount of subdermal scar tissue  immediately formed and continues to exist where the incision was made...then     Dupuytren nodules developed shortly    thereafter where Dr.Young did the surgery... now, both of my fingers on either side of the finger operated on are now trigger     fingers...pain throughout my hand now after using hand for &quot;normal&quot; activities... pain when pressing on middle of hand now... wake up every AM now and my entire     hand feels &quot;tight&quot;...Dupuytren  contracture could now follow where the affected fingers  can no longer be straightened... I hope amputation will never be needed        which is a possibility where           deformities are severe!!! 	2	3	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	commentsDr. Young is extremely knowledgeable and cautious. I like the fact that he didn't immediately talk surgery for my condition but sent me for physical therapy. He has a warm, caring personality. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
40	-1	commentsI wouldn't recommend this doctor. His staff are rude, makes you feel like you're the biggest problem that they've ever encountered. Don't waste your time coming here. I had to do my own follow-up about my referrals, which they will make sure to make you wait for as long as 6 months. There was only one staff that was nice and it was the one who takes your vital stats. Dr. Yco is nice, but you're not gonna be satisfied with your visits especially if your condition is not as common as other health problems. Very depressing experience for me. 	2	1	2	1	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	commentsDr. Yco literally saved my life.  At a recent annual physical he detected a blockage in my left carotid artery, and referred me immediately to a vascular surgeon who completed a life-saving surgery within 4 days. I was told by the surgeon and the anesthesiologist just prior to surgery that I was very lucky to have a doctor who could accurately detect this problem.  I have been a patient of Dr. Yco's for over 12 years.  He has ALWAYS been extremely thorough, professional, caring and attentive.  At every appointment I am seen by Dr. Yco within minutes of my appointment time.  I have never felt rushed,  just the opposite.  Dr. Yco always takes the time to explain everything to me, to listen to all my questions and to answer them clearly.  His staff are quick, attentive, and personable.  Each time I go to Dr. Yco's office the staff make me feel like a long-lost friend.  I have proudly recommended Dr.Yco to friends and acquaintances looking for an excellent primary care physician. 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
40	-1	 Books too many patients in one day, so it takes weeks to get an appt and once you do it takes FOREVER to be seen.  Dr Yco rushes thru the visit and his staff is the worst. Everyone in the office is rude, rushed and act like you're bothering them by being there. Refill requests get ignored and calls don't get returned.  Finding a new doc now after my lay visit.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Anthem
40	-1	 Unprofessional, no support or follow through from either doctor in the building.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Anthem
40	1	 Dr. Yco and the office manager, who also happens to be his wife, are very good at what they do. They always try to take a moment to say hi and get to know you. Dr. Yco is a fabulous doctor and I would highly recommend him to anyone and everyone. At most doctors office you can expect for the doctor to be in and out but not Dr. Yco! Thumbs up for Dr.  Yco and his office! Thanks for everything!! 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
40	1	 After moving to Reno, I made an appointment for an initial consultation with Dr. Yco based upon a recommendation from a friend. I've never been happier with a physician.  He was very thorough in building my history and then gave me a brief but, life saving exam.  He detected a growth in my neck that I had not noticed.  After tests recommended by Dr, Yco, it was determined that the growth was a malignant thyroid tumor.  I underwent surgery and radiation in mid 2010.      My subsequent visits to Dr. Yco's office have been equally beneficial.  Dr. Yco is a healer.  He is concerned about the entire person and is an extremely gifted and caring doctor.  I owe my life to him.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	-1	 Staff was so rude.  Doctor did not take time to explain anything.  Very depressing experience.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:AARP
40	1	 I left my previous physician to become a patient of Dr.Yco and it was a wise decision. Dr. Yco has a passion for his job and his patients; his staff is very friendly and knowledgeable as well. I appreciate the fact that Dr.Yco doesn't always tell me what I want to hear, he tells it like it is good or bad.  While waiting for Dr. Yco to see me, if he is running late, and I am in the examining room already, he will always stop in, and acknowledge my presence.  This shows a real professionalism on Dr Yco's part.   I highly recommend him!  :) 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Coventry
40	-1	 Dr. Yco has the most awful staff of all the doctors I've been to, and even though he is a very personable doctor, he is actually not that knowledgeable.  He makes his prescriptions based on the fact that drug reps pay him to do so, even without thouroughly examining you.  He takes too many patients in one day and doesn't spend enough time with them, basically just to earn as much in one day as possible, and his office manager is one of the rudest people I know (and she even happens to be his wife.  What a horrible person!)...  I will never go back there again.  	1	1	2	1	Insurance:AnthemPaid/Co-pay:$200
40	1	 I have been a patient of Dr. Yco's for 8 years.  He will actually sit and talk to you and not bill you for each question you ask.  He does not stand at the door with his hand on the door knob while you are trying to talk to him about your health.  Everyone I have referred to him loves him and cannot say enough good things about him and their visit.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:AnthemPaid/Co-pay:$35
41	-1	commentsMultiple, nightmarish communication problems.Diagnosed with minor miniscus tear, told of quick recovery, then had a much more serious surgery (microfracture).The real problem though: I was mistakenly informed by his staff the day afterwards that I had the original surgery, and raced around airports for a week afterwards (as we had discussed).When Dr. Yee learned of this ten days later, he was mortified, and said it was his fault for not educating his nurses about interpreting surgical terminologies in reports.  He also suggested (implausibly) that my intensive activity wouldn't hurt my knee.After rehabbing, it was clear that it hadn't worked. Yee explained &quot;it's like making grass grow&quot; and that we had avoided &quot;putting bricks on top of the grass&quot; by avoiding leg extensions in rehab.This time I was stunned.I had been doing 3 types of leg extensions, every single day of my rehab.He again backtracked, insisting that it likely hadn't done damage. Nightmare in every way; I am still in pain. 	2	4	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
41	-1	.   	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Aetna
41	1	 Hip replacement was done well and recover and post op was great.  I would recommend 	4	3	5	5	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:$300
41	-1	commentsDr. Yee was very rude and condescending.  He's a good surgeon but his bedside manner is horrible.  He didn't listen to me at all. I told him I had a bad experience with surgery before so I thought he would at least try to make me feel comfortable before the surgery.  Instead he did the opposite by saying &quot;I know your personality very well and you're not going to push yourself in therapy.&quot;  He is very arrogant especially to think anybody would do therapy just to prove him wrong.  If you're having surgery, you have to stay positive and do it for yourself.  Don't let doctors like this to talk to you like that. 	1	1	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
41	-1	commentsI'll be honest, I really think he is more concerned with the time he takes with me than solving the actual problem. I didn't like him at all. I don't feel that he has my best interest in mind when diagnosing me. Paid/Co-pay:$30	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
41	-1	commentsMy husband and I paid cash plus whatever claim was paid by Ins.As soon as you get there he offers you shots.Why because he make extra $$$.Not very good Dr. he really dont care....treats you like a number.He also give in with supplying you with all kids of meds so you can go back for more!!!! He not caring for your concern but for his $$$ in his pocket!!!! 	2	1	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
41	-1	commentsNew Patient that tore my meniscus. Was referred by primary doctor. I was seen relatively close to my appointment time -waited about 15 minutes in the exam room. That was the ONLY good part of the appointment. He came in-obviously didn't listen to the nurse who had assessed me. I had to repeat everything or tried to. Brought my MRI &amp; X-ray. He didn't address anything on the on them or the MRI report. Doubt he looked at them. Was trying to ask questions;they were totally ignored. Wanted to discuss my condition, which was new to me along with options for treatment. I got NOTHING!!! He said he would inject the knee with cortisone &amp; see me in 4 weeks. This was the WORST New Patient encounter I have ever had! As a New Patient, I expect a doctor to at least pretend he cares. The time I had with him totaled 10 minutes-5 minutes with him not listening to me-5 minutes for the injection. If you want a doctor that will give you the time you deserve, go somewhere else. Paid/Co-pay:$254	4	4	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	 Initially, I wasn't sure if I was going to like Dr. Yee.  But, I gave him a chance and I really like and trust him.  He is very knowledgeable.  He told me when I first met him that I was very close to needing a total knee replacement.  I asked him for alternatives and he suggested starting with injections to see if that would help the pain.  I was in total agreement.  He did not try to push me into surgery.  Unfortunately, the injections didn't work.  I was very nervous about having a total knee replacement.  He was very compassionate, understanding, and personable.  Had time for all my questions, and there were a lot!  He made me feel relaxed and I trusted him completely.  After the surgery, my home health P.T. told me I was doing great and asked who my surgeon was.  Same with my outpatient P.T.  Said I was doing great for the amount of time since my surgery and also asked who my surgeon was.  Dr. Yee is a great surgeon with a great personality.  I would not hesitate to recommend him.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
41	-1	commentsI called the office staff and told them I lived in the Northwest and wanted to see the doctor who practiced in the Northwest.  The staff sent me 30 minutes away because that facility had the X-Ray then I waited for 30 minutes to be seen.  The appointment lasted 5 minutes excluding the x-rays and all he did was give me pain pills and an anti-inflamatory!  I had no idea what I had done to my knee.  Then, the staff informed me I had to come back in one month to the same place...a half an hour away from my home because he did not practice in the Northwest.  Between the staff not listening to me and the doctor not really explaining anything, I did not go back for the follow-up.  I saw somebody else on my side of town. 	1	4	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
41	-1	 One would think with this big of an business this doctor would have software/cumputer to read X-rays disks type. No he doesn't. He's in rush to cut it seems that way. Just like a salesmen on a commision basics. Makes an individual feel like a number not a patient. Scare's me, get a second opnion like myself.  	2	3	1	1	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
41	1	 I went to see dr. Yee after he did emergency surgery on my. He ask me where the Xrays were! I don't carry my Xray around with me. After a 5 min. visit, in which he checked my incision,period, he said he would see me back in a month. At that time I did have Xrays. He told me I would need a second operation. He then pewned my off on another Dr. saying he specialized in this kind of a brake and he  would do a better job. He is eye candy if that is what you are looking for but if you need help look elsewhere.  	3	2	5	5	Insurance:Humana
41	1	commentsI think Dr. Yee is a wonderful doctor.  At times, the wait can be long.  If you make an appointment in the morning or after lunch, you will not have a problem with time. 	4	3	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
41	0	 I really wanted to love Dr. Yee. He seems very popular and has been rated a Top Doctor in Vegas. Staff was friendly, but I waited OVER AN HOUR to see him. I have 4 things that need to be checked out on me, and when I made the appointment the staff informed me that he could see me for the worst 2 things, and if he had time may look at the other 2 things. I was dissapointed that he only spent 5 minutes with me after such a long wait, and I felt rushed and like he really wasn't listening to me. I tried to bring up the other 2 things that were bothering me and he didn't want to discuss them- even after I asked if I should make another appointment with him to go over them. He wanted to wait until the 1st 2 things showed improvement. Ridiculous. I've decided I will not be back to Dr. Yee. I want to see a doctor that will address EVERYTHING that I am trying to be seen for IN ONE VISIT.  If he doesn't have time to treat everything, what's the point in going to him at all&#63; 	5	1	3	3	Insurance:United Healthcare
48	1	 Very money hungry!!! 52.00 out of pocket is a lot for having insurance. They do not work with patient instead they charge 105.00 if you can not pay at time of appointment. I am not missing the appointment even. Very frustrating for people who are trying to get help mentally.  	1	2	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	1	 Dr Yasar is so far the best psychiatrist I've seen, and I've seen a few. He is very knowledgable and reads people well. I love that his office does e-prescriptions and the front office staff are great - very prompt, returns your calls, remembers your name...  I have no complaints.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
48	1	commentsDr. Yasar is one of the first psychiatrist I have met who was more concerned with healing than just medicating.  I would recommend him to anyone.  Great doctor and cares for his patients.  Just because the patient wants medication does not mean they need it.  Dr. Yasar will not prescribe if he does  not think it is necessary. I wish all doctors were still this way. 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	commentsDr Yasar is the best doctor I've ever had. He is extremely knowlegdable and helpful. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
48	-1	 Does not listen to family members and their concerns even though approved by the patient.  Does not seem interested in the patient.  	4	4	1	2	Insurance:Medicare
49	-1	 Absolutely terrible experience!!! Office staff acted as though I was a bothersome nuisance to them. During my two hour wait to see the doctor, they talked endlessly about how much they disliked their jobs. As for the doctor,PLEASE SPEAK ENGLISH!!! I could barely understand a word he was saying. And while I was attempting to discuss my neurological concerns, he kept asking about my sleep patterns and insisted that I undergo a sleep study at clinic he &quot;surprise&quot; conveniently runs. Also was in a hurry to write new prescriptions to replace my current medications without conducting any tests or asking for my previous blood results and test records. After leaving his office I was totally frustrated and knew that I would never be returning. He was upset with me because I kept asking him several times to repeat himself.  Please look at your patients when addressing them and SPEAK ENGLISH!!! 	1	2	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	0	commentsattempted to send in payment and it was returned!  he's probably sent it to collections by now. 	1	2	2	4	Insurance:Unknown
49	-1	commentsThe Front office is absolutely terrible. No customer service at all. Patients are a hinderance. The Doctor did not speak English except at maybe a first grade level. This was a terrible experience. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
49	-1	 Went to go over the results of my MRI/MRA w/Dr Yu and after he gave a very brief glance (less than 30 seconds per sheet of 26 images) he told me that there was nothing wrong and that I just get migraine headaches. After a recent visit to my GP, he went over the results that the radiologist wrote up regarding my MRI/MRA which stated. &quot;There are several punctate foci of hyperintense signal on the FLAIR and the T2-weighted series in the subcortical white matter in the frontal lobes.  These have been described in patients w/migraine headaches.&quot; Punctate foci are 'lesions' on the brain, typically caused by unknown trauma to the brain or conditions where demyelination of brain tissue occurs. Punctate foci are identified by brain MRI, with and without contrast although using contrast normally provides a more accurate picture of all lesions. In layman's terms, punctate foci have also been described as 'popcorn calcifications' in the brain tissue. So,he is not worth your time.  	2	1	1	1	Insurance:United Healthcare
49	-1	 to many different prescriptions with no follow up or knowledge of your overall health.  	2	2	2	2	Insurance:Medicare
49	-1	.   	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
49	-1	 I have gone to Dr Yu for a several months now and am not satisfied with the outcome.  I have asked him several times to start looking into finding an answer to WHY I get headaches instead of prescribing medication after medication, masking the overall situation.  I feel as though he does not listen to me.  I am now in the process of trying to find another doctor here in Las Vegas.  	5	4	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	-1	commentsWent to him for a couple of years for Botox injections for a neck condition.  He's stupid, he doesn't even know how to calculate the right  dosage.  Glad I am out of there!! 	2	1	3	1	Insurance:Unknown
49	0	commentsDr. Yu is a very nice person.  He takes his time with patients.  However, his office staff is very unprofessional and lacks organization.  I am transferring Dr.'s because of poor office follow through. 	1	2	2	3	Insurance:Unknown
49	-1	 He let's you wait for at least 1.5 hours to spend 10 minutes with you and then he want's to do all this tests without even examining you. Bad place to go.  	2	1	2	1	Insurance:CIGNA
49	-1	commentsNO ONE should have to wait two and a half to three hours for ANY doctor! And what a disappointment when you finally see him. I am looking for another doctor. It should not be this stressful. 		1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
49	0	commentsThis doctor suggested medication for anxiety, rather than get tests taken first. He just seemed too ready to prescribe medications without first finding what my problem was. His staff were rude and did not seem to really know what was going on as far as scheduling. Phone calls of complaint confirmed that while I waited a long time for my appointment. The staff did not seem interested in their jobs, only when they would be leaving soon. They took two weeks to get me appointments for tests. I had to call three times to try to confirm them, instead of them calling me, or I would not have gotten them. 		1	3	3	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	 Very good bedside, and very knowlegeable, however, he takes along time to get to his patients. This is only because he sees all of his patients himself though. Great Neurologist.  Highly recomended 		3	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	-1	commentsvery incompetent doctor. i am currently seeing double out of my glasses! please do not make the same mistake I made be going to see her! 	2	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	comments 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	 The wait time to see this doctor is beyond acceptable.  Dr. Yee is very friendly and will take the time to talk to you at your appointment but be prepared to wait an extremely long time to see her.  My first appointment I waited in the waiting room for 1.5 hours followed by an additional 30 minutes in the room.  I made the next appointment early in the morning at an attempt to avoid the wait but that didn't work either.  After 50 minutes sitting in the waiting room I left and told them I wouldn't be back.      I work full time and have two small children.  My fridge is empty and house is dirty. I don't have the time to be sitting around and waiting.  Wish this doctor valued my time more.  I don't understand how an MD could have such horrible time management skills or how the patients in the waiting room just don't start rioting!  Completely unaceptable.  If I weren't so busy, I would consider sending this doctor a bill for my wasted time in her waiting room.  	4	1	4	4	Insurance:Aetna
58	1	commentsI really loved Dr. Yee and wanted to continue seeing her but the 2+ hour long waits were ridiculous.  I appreciate that she is thorough but her staff, presumably on her direction, overbooks her.  The waiting room is very small too, maybe 20 chairs, so people often wait outside.  The shortest time I waited was an hour and that was when I got the first appt of the day! 	4	1	4	4	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	 For 3 years, Dr Yee has been taking care of all my family members including my husband who was very stubbon to see any doctor for the past 15 years until Dr Yee. We all love her.  She takes her time and explains things which you don't see much in doctors anymore nowaday. She is very patient and thorough.  Because of Dr Yee, my husband is healthier and he is really enjoying his visit to her every 3 months.  But the wait can be very long and brutal. She is always busy and We know why her waiting room is always packed. There is an excellent reason for that becasue she is truely an excellent doctor. WORTH the wait....  	2	2	4	5	Insurance:CIGNA
58	-1	 TERRIBLE - went on vacation and doctor refused to refill my medication for my thyroid problem when I had just been in to see the doctor 2 months before. Staff was very rude and unhelpful. Asked to speak to the doctor directly and the staff told me it was not possible. I have since found a new doctor I am very happy with. Avoid this doctor unless you are looking for negligent care and 3 hour wait times minimum every visit.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$20
58	-1	commentsDoctor refuses to refill oral diabetes prescription for a type II  diabetic, until patient comes in.  That would be fine if the patient was in NV.however, the patient is temporally in MI. and the patient was just seen six months ago. The patient is not going to be back in NV. until the end of Jan. 31, 2011. Blood work was done six months ago and the insurance will only pay for blood work once a year. It is unacceptable that Dr. Beverly Yee will not authorize refills for diabetes medication when a patient is unable to travel to your facility. This is not a patient who’s diabetes is out of control. This patient diabetes is control through their medication and without it will be is serious trouble. When asking the receptionist to have the Dr. Yee contact me the not so friendly receptionist (Lucent) states that Dr. Yee does not call patients and that Dr. Yee said to see a doctor in MI. Really Dr. Yee … not approving the refills is your way of care&#63; This is outrageous and negligent! 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
58	-1	 We have been with them for years now but are finding a new physician because of their scheduling. In the past 3 years we have made appointments and waited well over 2 hours EVERY time. The reason is due to the fact that they schedule appointments in 10-15 minute intervals and can't keep up. On two occassions my blood work wasn't processed and sent to the appropriate place. They REFUSE to call in prescription orders over the phone, even if you've been with them for years and the medication is for general purposes. I could understand if it was for sleeping pills or pain meds or something but blood pressure medications&#63; My wife was really sick and made an appointment and went in and ended up waiting for more than 3 hours to get in. Don't get me wrong, they are both VERY nice people but don't go there if you're sick or need to see a doctor more than once a year.  AVOID this place if at all possible!!! 	1	1	2	2	Insurance:Anthem
58	1	 Horrible wait time, but she is worth the wait.   Excellent doctor in las vegas 	3	3	5	5	Insurance:GHI
58	0	comments*Wait is about 2 + hours. *Staff seems disconnected. *Doctor is very fiendly.*Keep visit to &quot;General Practice.&quot; 	2	1	3	2	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	commentsDr. Yee was extremely useful and excellent doctor.  She was patient and understood my concerns. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	 She is an excellent doctor. She listens carefully to my problems and explained in details. All of my family members are seeing Dr. Yee now.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
58	1	 Dr Yee is not in my insurer's preferred network (I'm not really Anthem, I'm Health Plan of Nevada.) I happily pay more in order to see her. I've had an awful time finding quality medical care in LV. Dr Yee takes the time, listens well and has provided me with excellent care. Front office staff is great. No clue what the other reviewer meant. I'm white and non-Asian and had no weirdness with the front office staff.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:AnthemPaid/Co-pay:$40
58	1	 I have been seeing Dr. Yee for a while.  She has always been very helpful and very available for me.  She is very pleasant and knowledgeable.  She always does a through exam.  I was very impressed by her ability to get me in with a specialist when I needed one, she was quick to recommend a good Dr. and I was always quick to get in with them when I used her as a reference.  I will continue going to Dr. Yee for a long time.  I highly recommend anyone go and find out for themselves.  P.S.  The same goes for Dr. Johnston (my husbands Dr. in the same office).  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
58	1	commentsShe has seen my entire family. She sat and listened to our problem. She was very caring. She gave a thorough examination to explore every problem. She's the best family doctor I have seen in Las Vegas yet. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
58	-1	 she did not understand what I wanted and she was so reserved she hardly said word...I believe that non-whie asians are preferred as no one was speaking English real well in the Office except the Doctor.  		5	1	3	Insurance:Medicare
58	-1	commentsDuring my visit I felt that I was treated horribly.I would NEVER recommend this doctor to my family and friends.  I felt this visit was a complete waste of time and money.Overall I would rate this visit : AWFUL! 		1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
60	-1	commentsI have never been treated like such a degenerate in my entire life as I was treated in this office. The staff were rude and unprofessional. The doctor made the poor assumption that I did not know anything about dentistry or orthodontics and basically tried to scare me into having a procedure done. When he cleaned my teeth, I told him that I have very sensitive teeth, which he then proceeded to talk down to me about using the wrong toothpaste. I kindly explained to him my reason for sensitivity and he basically laughed at me. Complained the entire time he cleaned my teeth about not being able to use the sonic wand. The whole experience was just awful.I was practically in tears during my cleaning because he was so rough and my teeth were just too sensitive. I will never step foot in that office ever again and I highly recommend that you do not take your business there as well. 	2	5	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	 Dr. Yeh is a caring doctor. He makes sure that his patients are comfortable and informed about their procedures.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Humana
61	1	.  spends lots of time with patients, answered questions, staff are pleasant 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
61	1	commentsMy Insurance carrier is not listed but it was Great West.  Dr. Yeh was very informative and professional.  He performed my colonoscopy and was communicated to me quite well about what it revealed. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	commentsVery Nice and thorough.  Highly recommend Paid/Co-pay:$25	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	commentsThis office is 5 minutes from my work so I usually have appointments on my lunch break. I am ALWAYS back in 25 minutes or less. Dr. Yager is very friendly and actually speaks to you like a person in terms you can actually understand. Some may not like the fact that he's so quick (although thorough), but I find it very convenient. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
74	1	 Excellent physician and instills confidence from the first visit. Dr. Y gets an &quot;A&quot; and has a great manner with his patients. One glitch:  he seems to have too many patients, so you should plan to spend about 4 hours in the office - but again, he is worth it.  	4	2	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
79	1	 Clearly competent but wait times are extreme to point of disrespect.  Patients sit in exam rooms over an hour for five minutes with the doctor, regardless of appointment time, consistently.  	3	1	4	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
79	1	 Dr. Yung listens well and truly seems to be interested in making sure the treatment accurately fits the symptoms (adjusts amounts accordingly so that you're not taking more meds than necessary and she's mindful of not keeping you on meds that are bad for you over the long term).  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
79	1	 Though Dr. Yung is extremely knowledgable her &quot;bedside&quot; manner leaves a bit to be desired.  She seems totally focused on her agenda with me as a patient and does not seem to hear what I have to say.  I must honestly say that it is possible I expect too much, but although she is very professional and knows her field I leave her office feeling as though I'm just a checkmark in her daily book of patients seen. Her treatment FOR me has been more than adequate, but her treatment OF me falls short.  	5	2	4	5	Insurance:Pacificare
79	1	commentsI feel I am always treated with courtesy and professionalism at this practice. I dont know what Id do without Dr. Yung! 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	commentsthe best ever...thank you...she is very nice am very carring person 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	commentsI totally love this doctor. She is very compassionate and easy to talk to. She takes her time with you and she is very knowledgable. She is the best OB/GYN physician I have gone to. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
82	-1	commentsDr. Yee's License was suspended by medical board and reinstated.  Six months latter, Sep 2012, his licens  was suspended again.  This can be verified by checking the Nevada Medical Board internet site. 	2	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
82	-1	commentsDr. Yee was my Doctor until I read in the Review Journal Newspaper that he lost his medical license.  It is alleged he was ordering narcotics in patients names for his personal use. I called the Medical Board when I could not get my medical records and found out that he also refused to visit his Psychiatrist as ordered by Medical Board and he was to visit his Psychiatrist for life. Medical Board stated his license was suspended for the safety of the public. 	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	 I have been a patient of Dr. Yee since i was 12...and hes always been the best Dr. i have ever visited. His staff was very friendly and he has always been very helpful he helped me loose weight and change my life.... very good doctor :] 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$35
82	1	commentsI have never felt more comfortable with any other dopctor, like I did with Dr. Yee! 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
82	-1	commentsDr. Larry Yee was my doctor for 3 years until recently. Last time I went to him his speech was slurred and he had a difficult time walking. When I checked the Nevada Medical board site I found he failed to appear infront on the medical board investigative committee on Aug 27, 2010 to answer questions about his complaint history with medical board. Due to his failure  to appear the investigative committee is asking that the medical board discipline him. from May 2010 until October 2010, 6 months, his staff has changed 3 times. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	 This MD has the friendly, helpful staff around, always willing to please, same day appointments, walk-ins accepted. The MD is very friendly approachable and spends time listening to me. He gave me the most thorough workup every and even find some problems other MDs didnot find. Very caring and had me follow up in one week. Also took care of my husband and kids. His prescriptions are written by computer and electronically faxed to my pharmacy when I arrive. He also has a small pharmacy which he can sell you at a affordable price. He also takes care of my back by using a Intervertebral Disc Decompression Machine, by getting 20 treatments I was able to avoid back surgery. In the evenings he can do Cosmetic laser for my hair removal, spider vein, or facial rejuvenation along with microdermabrasion and botox....I have been with him 9 years and drive 45 minutes from Henderson to see him.  		4	5	5	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:$20
84	0	 cannot get in contact with the staff.  Staff unprofessional and never returnes calls.   very frustrated and still in pain ! 	1	2	3	3	Insurance:Assurant
84	1	 Doctor Yu was awesome. He took his time and even joked with me a little. He was right on with the diagnosis and honest about the treatment.  BTW ~ He doesn't treat knees! 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
84	1	commentsI felt he listened to my concerns and addressed my needs..I would highly recommend him.  I did not feel rushed and was in and out of there in 40 minuites. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
84	-1	commentsDuring my visit I didn't feel this doctor was really concerned about my condition and I also overheard this doctor mocking his other patients. 	1	5	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
84	-1	commentsREFUSES TO LISTEN TO THE PATIENT. VERY ARROGANT LEFT ME WITH A BROKEN KNEE REFUSE TO MRI AND DOESN'T KNOW HOW TO DOCUMENT WHEN PATIENT IS IN THE OFFICE ABOUT ONE PROBLEM, 	5	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	commentsVery knowledgeable and personable doctor.  Communicates and explains everything well. 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	commentsI went in for a check up. He ran blood work etc. He felt my neck and noticed a lump very small on my right side in the thiroid. He suggest a ultrasound and strongly recommended a biopsy, after my return visit I had discovered to my suprise I had Thiroid cancer. I was so thankful to this wonderful Dr. Who discoverd this small nodule that even my E.N.T. ask who found this nodule. Great job early prevention is key. He is the best! I have no symptoms and this does not run in my family. Great Dr. and very nice and takes the time with you. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
