dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	0	Felt rushed. Dr. Payos would NOT give me pain meds, said she doesnt do that. She gave my mother 120 pain pills the previous week. I would like to know why MY pain is insignificant. Seems i just get pushed around by everyone even DOCTORS. Thanks for NOTHING, DR. IM IN PAIN!!!!!!!! 	5	5	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
2	-1	He is the worst doctor ever! He does not know what he is doing not caring or patience needs to go back to school or stop praticing. I would not refer anyone to him at all especially if it is your first pregnancy he does not make it joyful at all for u.  	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
3	1	The last rating was for a female Dr. Anil Patel but I searched for MALE Dr. Anil Patel. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	-1	This doctor is extremely rude, gives little time to patient and does not order the appropriate testing. He shows a real lack of concern. The nurses don't even like him. If it would be just a poor bedside manner, that would be acceptable. But his knowledge of medicine and lack of care is why I have given him this poor rating. I would never recommend him to anyone I know. He makes his rounds at UMC Las Vegas. I simply do not know how he became a doctor.  	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Humana
4	-1	 	1	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
4	-1	This physician is dangerous. Do NOT go to him. He cares little for his patients.  	4	2	1	1 	Insurance:Pacificare
4	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	-1	Dr. Peters is the worst doctor I have ever met. He doesn't return patients calls. He caused my grandmother to dehydrate because she was old and had parkinson's and couldnt' swallow anymore he refused to give an I.v. fluid to her was very neglectful and did not communicate with the power of attorney of my grandmas health he caused my grandmother lots of suffering. He was rude and would not allow us to get a second opinion. He has poor communication skills and doesn't respond to nurses who call him from hospitals either. He let my grandmother almost starve to death if we didn't call an ambulance and have the er doctor help us to put in a feeding tube she would have died. Don't ever use this doctor he is neglectful and does not care about anybody but himself and should have his medical license suspended being he knows absolutely nothing about medicine.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
5	-1	Dr. Peters spends less than three minutes with you.  He seems hurried and rushed.  Was disappointed that he tried to push you to get medical tests done in his office. Bottom line is that he just doesn't seem to care about his patients.  If you are in the market for a good primary care physician, I would keep looking.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
5	1	I have been going to Dr. Peters for several years now.  He has always been the very best. He was patient and never making you feel uncomfortable.  NOw his telephone staff is the worst ever.  I only have gotten my call returned the next day or more.  I try now to hold that against him since he is in an office with other doctors. 	1	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	-1	He started pushing highpriced supplamental medicines to augment his income.  Once he got you started on these supplamentals it was hard to get them stopped. He got your creditcard nomber to get started and a new shipment was mailed to your address each month.  I was in his office numerous times to see patients complaining about this procedure.He pushed these supplamentals on both myself and my wife.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
5	1	Took time to explain my questions, very thorough, warm, and has a sense of humor. I've been once and was impressed. Will return in a few months for a more thorought check up.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
5	1	Dr. Peters is the best doctor I have found in Las Vegas since moving here over 10 years ago. When your meeting with him he's giving you his full attention. Makes things easy to understand and is a great listener. Unfortunately my company changed insurance companies and he doesn't take the new insurance so I have had to go elsewhere.  Great doctor! 	2	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	I find Dr Peters to be a good doctor with excellecent bedside manor. He is very approachable and never makes me feel rushed. He treats me for high blood pressure. He worked to find the right medication the worked for me. He ordered test to find out what was causing the condition. I have had positive experiences with his office staff. 		4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
5	-1	This is the most unorganized staff in a doctors office I have ever seen. No one ever returns calls, you have to call about three times before getting any response. I feel that the administration of a doctor is 50% of why people go there. He's not that good of a doctor to go thru all this trouble. It was very disappointing. 		1	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	Amazing doctor. I would highly recommend him to anyone, and I have recommended him in the past. He made my son's delivery comfortable...I had absolutely NO complaints...prenatal or post.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
6	1	I love Dr. Paul. He is so helpful and willing to listen to any concerns you might have or if you are just having an emotional pregnancy day. His office staff is very nice and willing to help out. If you want a knowledgable and  compassionate doctor then Dr. Paul is for you.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	-1	Ruined my future of having more babies, mangled my body!Tryed to bribe me into c-section, then left me no option, only cares about his money& even told me he makes more off a c-section.Tells everyone they are the worst delivery of his top five worst!I'm horrified by him.If you don't want any choice in your delivery, and want to be enduced and told what to do he is perfect for you.The staff knows how he is and they act like quiet lil soldiers and don't say a word. He is so friendly till you start seeing him on a reg.then POW,sinks you. I still have night terrors about the things he did to me and my baby! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:HealthPartners
6	1	dr paul delivered both of my babies as well as performed a d&c; for me. he was compassionate, caring and informative, very knowlegable. i'll see noone else 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	. This is the BEST office! The staff is great ( a couple years ago it wasnt too hot) I've been going to him for over 8 years & he delivered both of my kids!!!! If he is so horrible , he wouldn't be the head Ob at a hospital! I will go to him FOREVER!!!   A+++++++++ 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
6	1	I have been seeing Dr. Paul for 7 years.  He did some surgery on me and delivered 2 babies.  I have always thought he was great and caring and approachable.  His office staff leaves a lot to be desired however.  	2	3	4	5 	Insurance:Coventry
6	1	I have been going to Dr. Paul for almost 10 years.  I think his staff is wonderful, as is he.  He always has interns training underhim.     (If he was such a horrible Dr do you think he would have so mnay people wanting to learn from him&#63;&#63;&#63;)  If you have a problem with him or his staff go somewhere else and get over it!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
6	1	Great OB/GYN, very informative, pleasant, knows what needs to get done.  You do have to wait though, he's a popular doc!  Insider tip: if your delivering at Valley, his patients all get private rooms :) 	 9/29/08	5	3	5	Insurance:Unknown
6	-1	Horrible Doctor can't even diagnose people correctly I have some advice for him GET A NEW JOB!! Anyone can deliver a baby...  this man is terrible and should have his AMA pulled if you are pregnant switch while you are ahead! He has caused unnecessary stress! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
6	1	I love Dr. Paul and his office staff!!!! I have been a patient with them for 2 years and will never go to another OB/GYN.  The staff all knows me by name, when I walk in.  Dr. Paul remembers me and my history, he is great at what he does.  That is why you may have to wait when you are there, he gives his patients the time, and doesn't rush you out of there. He is a doctor that youcan be up front with and he is up front with you.  For the women that have negative comments for him, just leave the practice, so there is room for people that we can recommend him to. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	I think Dr Paul is fantastic, he delivered 2 of my babies and i wish i could have gone to him for all of them, i have also had a few surgeries from him, i think he is great, his office staff dosent bother me at all,and he always remembers me and ALL my problems..anyway I would NEVER go anywhere eles..he's the best Dr. I have ever been to..  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
6	1	to the comment below... I guess its a good thing you wont be going back to him, cause your only taking up his time when there are plenty of other patients that need to see him that think he is the best..and i guess that is horrible that he put you on antibiotics to help your STD.. i guess he should have waited then if it came back positive you would have been pist off that he waited so long to do something for you..Oh and im sure he was flirting with you.. you did say he thought you had an STD right&#63;&#63;&#63; oh i guess a man in Dr. Pauls shoes must be desperate... 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	-1	This is the worst GYN I have ever been too. The doctor lost my pap smears then misdiagnosed me saying I had an STD however I DID NOT! He did no testing to back up his outrageous diagnosis. My primary care Doctor who is awesome Dr. Dickson drew blood and found I was fine after 1 week of unecessary stress and a RX that conflicts with my meds and my illness I suggest you RUN THE OTHRER DIRECTION WHEN YOU HERE THIS NAME! He was always flirting with me too during my visits and would tell me about what other patients were experiencing for example, he laughed at a young girl whom did not understand what sexually active meant I feel sorry for whomever has to see this monster 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	I think his staff does a pretty good job considering they have to deal with all the hormonal pregnant women, and as many clients as he has. That alone should tell you something. I would rather wait for a great doctor that not only knows what he's doing, but also for someone you can trust and be open with. Yes, he's not always on time, but that's because he gives each patient the value of time they need. He is always very helpful and answers all questions you may have. He explains things thoroughly, which most doctors don't. Even if he had a bad staff, I would continue to go to him, because it's not his staff that's making me better, it's him. I would NEVER trade him in for another doctor. He is one of the most highly recommended doctors in this city and there's a reason why. Don't just pick at the little petty things that can be fixed. Look at the big picture and realize it's hard to find great docotr's like Dr. Paul. Best doctor I've ever had... 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	I'm surprisedd by the negative comments regarding Dr. Paul. I think he is the greatest. I have been a patient for about 3 years. I have had no problems. This is my first child and every question I have he answers it. He does not make me feel like I'm on an egg timer like many doctors I have been to throughout the valley.  Yes, he is a busy man but this is Las Vegas and finding a good OBGYN is tough enough, never mind one that is not busy. As far as the staff goes. Well.. sometimes they are friendly and sometimes they are not. I could care less. I just care that the Doctor knows what he is doing. It's a busy office. But some people will always have something to complain about. I think Dr. Paul is a good guy. I'm glad he is delivering my baby. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	DR PAUL IS A GREAT DOCTOR,I HAVE NO COMPLAINTS AOUT HIS STAFF THEY HAE ALL BEEN GREAT TO ME AND HAVE HELPED ME IN ANYWAY POSSIBLE I HAVE NO INSURANCE AND SAW HIM FOR MY LAST PREGNANCY. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	WOW!!!I am blown away by some of these comments,first off you shouldnt judge your Dr by the girl that tells you to sign in,Dr Paul delivered my last 2 babies I had a complicated pregnancy with both (preterm labor) and not once did they treat me badly, and Dr Paul did everything in his power to make sure I stayed pregnant as long as I could, I had my last baby at 36 weeks and he had a rare lung disorder,and Dr Paul delivered him,made sure I was ok,then he rushed to the NICU to see how my son was and came back to update me, he is a wonderful person and Dr.I would never go anywhere eles.And my question to everyone complaining about him and his staff is,are you one of those &quot;HORRIBLE&quot; patients that complain about everything and dont listen to what your Doctor tells you is best..this is Las Vegas and some of the most rude people I have ever met in my life live here,but I never met any of them working in Dr Pauls office. I think he's the best!keep up the good work 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	1	I really liked this doctor, he was on top of things and very knowledgeable. I would recomend him to anyone.  	1	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	1	I am a nurse and would strongly recommend this provider. There are several comments in regards to his office staff, however, in the 4 years I have been seeing him, neither he nor his office staff have done wrong by me. Everyone has been courteous, timely and helpful. Furthermore, I'm not sure it's fair to throw comments in about his office staff; in Las Vegas, the majority of practitioners front office staff are less than desirable. The most important thing in selecting a physician isn't necessarily how nice his front office girl is, but at how competent the physician is. I would much rather have less than perfect front office staff and a competent OB/GYN delivering my baby than perfect front office staff and an incompetent OB/GYN. You decide! I have recommended Dr. Paul to over 10 women who have loved him. He's really wonderful and easy to talk to.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
6	-1	I would probably switch doctors if I wasn't so far into my pregnancy. his front desk staff is horrible. 		2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	i agree, his staff is not the greatest. i am always on hold for 5+ minutes whenever i call and eventually hang up and try later. i feel he takes on too many clients and does not get to know his patients, at all. during one visit, it seemed like he didn't even look at my chart and only realized i needed to see a specialty doc after i reminded him. he is comfortable to talk to though, and never makes you feel like you're asking a &quot;stupid&quot; question. 		3	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	I initally really liked him, really easy to talk to, but very busy. Unfortunatly, his office staff blew it for me. 		3	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
6	-1	Dr. Paul is more concerned about his time and money than about the health of the mother and baby. I feel I was treated horribly, as was my unborn child. 		3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
6	-1	During my visit I felt that I was treated horribly.I would NEVER recommend this doctor to my family and friends.  I felt this visit was a complete waste of time and money.Overall I would rate this visit : AWFUL! 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	During my visit I felt that I was treated well.I would absolutely recommend this doctor to my family and friends.  I felt this visit was an amazing success!Overall I would rate this visit : outstanding! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	Dr. Pierce has delivered both of my boys and she is wonderful, she is very knowledgable and cautious she saved my baby from being born very premature. She has always provided me with excellent care.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
7	1	Dr. Pierce is my OB. I was turned over to her for my total care for my high risk preg. Dr. Pierce for lack of better terms &quot;knows her stuff.&quot; She is kind and does have bed side manner. I believe people saying she does not have bed side manner is just lack of getting to know her personality. She deff. is not as personable as some of the other doctors in her office, but I believe if you give her a chance you will be happy you did! I love her, and everytime I bring my son to an appt. she always talks to him and makes a point to engage him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
7	1	Dr. Pierce is a perinatologist specializing in high-risk pregnancies.  I was referred to her by my regular OB because I lost one of my twins when I was six months pregnant.  My OB said that she was very &quot;technically competent&quot; which is how I would describe her.  She clearly knew what she was doing and she did help me through the last part of my pregnancy.  I credit her for my son's health when he was born (still a little premature, but safe and strong).  She kept a very close eye on me and I felt very confident that I was receiving good care.  The main complaint I had was that she did not have a very good bedside manner.  She did take her time during our visits, but she frequently answered my questions with a question and was not very comforting when I had a concern.  I sometimes left her office feeling confused and frustrated.  I thinks he would be the ideal doctor if her beside manner was better.  	4	5	3	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
8	-1	Doc P was mean to me and made me cry in her office.  The staff lost my medical records and claimed they never got them.  When I had them resent after much unnecessary calling back East numerous times, they suddenly appeared.  This is when the good old Doc had me in tears.  In reading my records that we &quot;waited&quot; forever for, she insisted that they did not reference my condition, when they clearly did.   No heart whatsoever!!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
8	1	Dr. P was my HMO Dr. for years. She always took time, was friendly, helpful, and knowledgeable. Her front office staff, however, is terrible. No respect for the elderly, short tempered. If you had to call for any reason, they were rude and abrupt. If once in awhile, they did get a good employee, they did not last there. Lacking in manners &amp; common sense. She should leave that practice and go in with Dr. White who was smart enough to leave IMS a few years ago. They would make a GREAT team.  She is a FABULOUS doctor &amp; should revamp her practice with a new group. She always worried about her patients and I wish she would understand that she can't save the world and she should surround herself with medical staff that have values on the same level as her own. 	1	1	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	Dr Panikkar is a caring and wonderful Doctor. I am blessed to have a doctor that is sensitive to my needs and knowledgable. 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	Dr. Panikkar is amazing. She is a first class diagnostitian. She always runs late, but it is because she gives each patient the time they need to be heard. She is aggressive with her treatment and truly cares about her patients. On a scale of 1 -10 she is a 20. 	4	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	Dr. Panikkar is an excellent doctor.  She is compassionate, takes time to answer questions (which is probably why she runs late sometimes), and always makes her feel like she cares about you.  She is not always in a hurry to give you a script, but will if it's needed.  She is thorough and knows her stuff.  She diagnosed my husband years ago with a condition that his Fire Dept. dr totally mis-diagnosed.  I have referred quite a few people to her and they all think very highly of her. 	 3/4/09	4	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	really great doctor.. took my 19 year old there when she &quot;out grew&quot; her pediatric endocrinologist.. makes sure my daughter understands everything with out talking down to her. 	4	3	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	She has the best bedside manner for doctors in her field!  She is very knowledgeable and an absolute delight to know!  She is also very thorough and takes her time with you when she sees you in her office.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Lumenos
8	1	She is very helpful, nice, and concerned. She has wonderful bedside manner and takes her time with each patient. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	-1	Doesn't have the knowledge.  Just wants to give drugs. Scary!!! 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
9	-1	.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
10	1	Best smile around! My kids now have the best smile and bite around! I would never go any where else. Also, staff is amazing, waiting room has tvs,Xbox , playstation,and many more fun things.  Short wait trust me don't go anywhere else! 	5	5	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
11	-1	THE WORST DOCTOR/STAFF I HAVE EVER ENCOUNTERED.  IT WAS LIKE A JOKE BEING THERE. ANA AND ALL THE OTHER STAFF DONT KNOW WHAT THERE DOING, IT AND THEY LOOK GHETTO.  THE DOCTOR OLD; DOESNT SPEAK TO YOU; AND JUST EVERYTHING IS UNPROFFESSIONAL!!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:HealthPartners
11	1	I first saw Dr Pena when he was at Lone Mountain Rd Office.  He diagnosed me with diabetes, I was assigned to another provider, Dr Pena was on duty at that time. As I was leaving, I had another question for Dr Pena.  I ask the check out desk person could I ask him another question,  she said she would tell the nurse, and stated jokingly &quot;that would give him something else to worry about&quot;.  I took it as a compliment.  A doctor that is truly concern about his patients. That is the moment, That I wanted him for my provider.  I dont regret it at all.  He take his time and give you his full attention.  Well knowledgable.  I'm a nurse myself and I know how busy the office can get with the phone calls, and when pt should go to the ER instead they will come to the office to be sent to the ER.   DW 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Pacificare
11	-1	This was the worst medical facility I have ever been to in my entire life...and I'm in my mid 30's.  I felt that the majority of the staff were extremely unfriendly and they didn't appear to take an interest in the patients.  After waiting for over and hour and a half, I finally got see the doctor and I felt like he was really inept.  I had a lower back injury which has flared up on several occasions.  He said really couldn't help unless I got an x-ray and unless I gave a urine sample.  I felt like he was trying to run my tab as much as possible so he could make some money.  I honestly did not feel like this doctor had a concern for fixing my problem.  This was the first time I had ever felt like this with a doctor.   I would not recommend this doctor to anyone!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
11	0	Waited long for service because this is a clinic and people coming in off the street with problems can come first. Did not complete entire exam as I requested and made me come back for unnecessary follow up. Even then he did not complete my exam.  Workers at the front counter were not happy in their work and treated people like cattle.  	3	1	3	3 	Insurance:Aetna
12	-1	This dentist is aragent and rude.  I has to waite in the waiting room for over one hr. then another hr. to be seen.  his assistants didn't seem like they care about the pt. treated me like a number.   I will never go back there 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Delta Dental
12	0	HE IS A VERY RUDE DENTIST AND TREATS TO MANY PATIENTS AT A TIME, HE HAS NO BED SIDE MANNERS AND IS RUDE TI HIS EMPLOYEES!!!!!!!!!!!! 		5	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
12	-1	This guy sucks! He tried to pull my FULLY impacted wisdom tooth. He conceded defeat mid-extraction and sent me bleeding and numb to a surgeon's office.I made the mistake of giving him another chance, he fixd a chipped tooth in less than two minutes. Needless to say,a fast fix isn't what I'm looking for in cosmetic procedures. It fell apart within a week. 		5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	Dr. Paas is a great doctor. He listens to concerns and answers questions completely, he asks for his patient's opinions, makes suggestions and treats conditions/diseases with respect to the patient. He even has a sense of humor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
13	1	Dr. Paas is amazing. I live in Fallon and would not consider seeing anyone other than him. His bedside manner is wonderful. He takes the time to sit down and talk with you and I have never felt rushed. He helped me through 2 miscarriages and surgery and always took the time to explain everything going on and answer my questions. He is hands down the best doctor I have ever been to. His staff is courteous and there has only been one time that I had to wait more than a few minutes to be seen.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
13	1	Dr. Paas delivered my one and only child via cesarean. He is a wonderfully attentive and intelligent doctor, and I have never felt more safe or secure with any type of doctor than him. He made me feel comfortable in all the decisions I made, shared both sides to each choice, and supported me through postpartum depression and being a first time mother. He is wonderful and I can't possibly recommend him enough.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
14	-1	This doctor is awful. I was having seizures due to a disorder called Celiacs disease but at the time I saw him I didn't know why. It's basically an allergy to gluten in wheat. Mine caused parasthesias as well. For two years this man and the staff under him ignored me and avoided me phone calls in attempts to get to the bottom of my problem. When seen in the hospital when all this started he accused me of having drug or alcohol induced seizures, until all drug tests came back clean. Then he and his staff of accused me of having a mental problem. Because of the description I gave of the events he said it was impossible I was having them. He gave me a few tests, and disregarded even with tests it's hard to prove one is having seizures. He ignored me, and I ended up having one while I was driving. This put me through a two year hell, especially not be able to find a neurologist I could see because he's the head at the VA. Do not see this man. He is dangerous to ignore this in a patient.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Veterans Administration
15	1	I went there because my vision ws blurry and did not expect Dr. Perozik to say that I had cataracts.  He told me I had a choice to wait or to get the surgery.  I waited but realized it was too hard to see.  So I went back and had the surgery.  Sherry explained the whole surgery.  Dr. Perozik did a great job.  I am so happy.  This is the best doctor in Vegas that I have met since I moved here 20 years ago.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:AARP
15	1	I went to see Dr. Perozek and I was impressed with the entire operation.  My optomitrist sent me there for cataracts.  The front desk girls were very efficient.  I only waited a few minutes and then Chelsea started with me.  I could tell she knew what she was doing.  We talked all about cataract surgery and she got me ready for the Doctor.  The Doctor explained my problem and said I had a choice about the surgery and we decided together to wait 6 months and look again later.  I was so happy he told me I did not need to have my surgery done until I WAS READY!    Now I am ready to tell you that this is a great staff and doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
15	1	This is a doctor visit, not a social visit. He is very direct and no sugar coating.  He will explain things that you don't understand though.    Treat the problem, so the patient has the best explanation of the medical issue.  	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
15	1	Staff was not knowlegable and did not understand what the condition was. Had to sit thru entire visit until Dr reviewed &amp; concluded he could not take care of it &amp; referred to retina specialist. 	3	5	2	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	-1	The staff was very discourteous.  They asked for a social security number which was given verbally.  They asked for proof of the number.  This from a patient of a number of years that they had previously billed Medicare on a number of occasions.  When asked why this was necessary they canceled my scheduled appointment because I had no proof with me.  The doctor then wrote me saying he no longer wanted me for a patient.  This showed no compassion from the doctor even when I wrote back to plead my case.  They obviously had a record of my social security number on file which would have verified the number I gave them.  This is the worst customer service I have ever heard of from a doctor.    Julia Marino 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
15	1	It was 4:00 a.m. and my eyes were killing me.  Googled the doctor I was originally going to call and saw several bad reviews.  Dr. Perozek showed up as a suggested doctor during the search...had great reviews that mirror those on this site.  After two appointments I'd have to agree with everything said by the other reviewers.  My experience has been great and my eyes feel so much better.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	1	Dr. Perozek and his staff are THE BEST!!  I needed cataract surgery on both eyes -- a scary thought -- but Dr. Perozek made the experience easy, comfortable and calming.  The surgery was done at a local surgery center that has the most caring staff.  The entire experience -- from Dr. Perozek's expert knowledge, to the surgery and through the recovery was a simple, easy experience.  I highly recommend Dr. Perozek for whatever eye needs you have.  He's Board Certified, young, very knowledgeable and very warm with patients, as is his staff.  The best!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	Very professional and modern office environment. State of the art equipment and fully computerized patient records. The visit is always a pleasant experience.  I have seen this Dr. (3) times now.  Recommend highly 	5	5	4	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
15	1	Very professional, knowledgeable and personable. I had a swollen eyelid caused by a clogged oil gland last fall. He treated the condition as part of a comprehensive work-up that I requested in order to become a new patient. I hadn't had an opthomologist for several years, as mine had retired; and I wasn't satisfied with the service of the larger office he had merged his practice with once he was gone. I now have a doctor of the caliber of the one I had previously seen. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	very efficient-front and back-dr knew exactly what i had-great exam-got new glasses-service great 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	The best eye doctor in Las Vegas.  One of two of the best doctors all around that I have ever been to see.  I have an eye condition that I went to 4 other eye doctors and 2 specialist in Vegas to try to get help.  None of them have even come close to the level of care and expertise I found with Dr. Perozek.  Extremely professional, yet very laid back he will talk with you like an every day person to make sure you understand what is going on.  Never rushes through appointments alway very thorough.  Friendly office staff, as well, most know you by first name within a few visits.  He is also very involved in giving back to the community and has the patient choose which charity they want the percentage of their visit to go.  I highly recommend this doctor to anyone looking for great eye care. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	. I wish Dr Perozek was around years ago,he is caring and so knowledgeable,i had eye surgery and was fearful,but the doctor was kind and gentle,he is also very nice to his staff 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
15	1	I came early and was taken immediately.  Dr. did not rush you into having surgery.  When I do, I am sure it will the best.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
15	1	Cool office.  Good music.  Very comfortable there.  The staff was very pleasant in person (and on the phone).  The doctor was great... friendly, personable and he knew what he was doing.  Thanks. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	Dr. Perozek is great. I had been to two (2) other opthalmolgists in Vegas who didn't even bother to notice that I had an eye condition, which I have had for years. I knew this because my Michigan opthalmologists diagnosed it prior to moving to Vegas. Either way, finding Dr. Perozek was a God send. He spotted my eye condition simply by looking at my eyes through a basic piece of equipment. However, even better, he has all the latest diagnostic and high tech equipment, which is very important for diagnosing eye pressure, optic nerve condition, etc. He explains everything in a logical and patient manner, is very kind, and truly cares about your vision and eye health. His staff is great. He has even performed minor surgery on my eye lid with excellent result. You will not regret putting your eye care needs in his hands.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
15	1	The most efficient doctor's office I have ever been to.  Their timeliness with appointments is incredible.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
15	1	I love Dr. Perozek!  I first met him when he worked at Westfield Eye Center and I was so impressed with his knowledge and bedside manner that I followed him to his own private practice. I won't go see anyone else.  I have a autoimmune disease that most doctors are not familiar with.  I was so impressed that Dr. Perozek knew what my disease was and also knew how it affected my eyes specifically.  Most doctors don't even know it can affect your eyes!  The other thing that impressed me is that he's not just after your money. He told me flat out that most doctors would happily perform Lasik surgery on me and tell me to go ahead but he highly discouraged me from doing it because of the possible complications that could occur because of my disease.  I was so happy to have him tell me that because it showed he really cared! I'll stay with him as long as he's still practicing! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	The best choice for quality eye care. The most up to date technology and services in a comfortable, friendly, well-staffed setting with an outstanding doctor to help you SEE RIGHT NOW. Whether my child or myself is in the chair, Dr Perozek takes quality time with each patient and does a thorough examination and questioning as well as a few moments just to visit with the patient. This doctor offers flexible hours to accommodate busy schedules. Their products meet everyone's needs from young to old. Qualified staff finish the appointment with knowledge and expertise of vision insurance and helpfulness with product selections to fit your style and needs. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	Dr. Perozek is one of the best doctors i have ever had. He explains everything in detail and so its understandable to a lay person. I never leave with questions because he always covers the important stuff and never rushes you out the door. Have already recommended him to family and friends.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
15	1	Best office ever.  Very friendly and professional.  Most high tech office I've ever seen.  The girls that work there are very nice.  Dr.  Perozek did my surgery and now I can see how hot he is too! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
15	1	A very good doctor.  He walks out to the waiting room and shakes your hand and introduces himself, and walks with you personally back to the patient room.  He explains everything he's doing, and has a great sense of humor.  I will be going to him from now on. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	Very thorough doctor. Quiet but got to bottom of my problems.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
16	-1	Saw a fee for filling out papers of $50 and asked if it applied, was told that it applied to 'other' things so when I notated it receptionist as non-applicable said 'you can't make any changes to our documents.'  I asked to see Pena and she came back with 'that's our policy - you need to find another physician - have a nice day.'  I had two other interchanges with her and then left.  One's staff bespeaks of the principal and here, far less than stellar. 	1	3	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	Efficient to the point doctor, wastes no time getting to the bottom of the problem and keeps you informed at all times. Very quick with referrals to other specialists and his office staff is great, set my other appointments for me. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	Very nice caring competent doctor and the staff are very nice and helpful. It is hard these days to find a doc that is in an office by themselves and not in a clinic. I would recommend him highly. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	I had Hernia Surgery with Dr Peterson in October 2011. He is one of very few surgeons that do not  use mesh on the interior of the abdominal cavity. I flew to Las Vegas on Tuesday, saw the doctor on Wednesday and had the surgery on Thursday, went in to see the doctor on Friday and flew home on Saturday. If you want someone to hold your hand, they don't, but if you want to get your problem fixed and get back to your life, he is great. I took pain pills for the first few days and after that I didn't need anything. My hernia was very big and he did a great job. You don't need to see a doctor after you leave Las Vegas and that was nice, in out and you're done! 	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	Dr Petersen is not only an exceptional  doctor but he treats each and every person like they are his only patient. He puts all your fears to rest with his knowledge and his kind demeanor. His staff treats you like a family member. Anyone who finds Dr. Petersen is in my opinion very Lucky ! He is what every doctor should be ! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	Dr. Petersen is one of only a small group of surgeons nationwide willing and able to remove a mesh hernia patch. The patch had migrated far away from the original hernia site and was starting to obstruct the bowels and cause who knows what other potential damage. He and his staff were efficient, skilled and responsive. We drove 800 miles to see him and would have driven many, many more to get these sucessful results. We appreciated his competence and straight-forward, down-to-business manner. If you are looking to build your social circle, keep looking - but if you need a highly-skilled, highly-regarded surgeon that gets right on task and takes care of you - he's your man.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
17	1	Dr Petersen solved a serious problem for me. I had a previous hernia repair that reoccured. It was a laproscopic repair by another surgeon, and I was in extreme discomfort. Dr. Petersen repaired my problem elimated the pain and I feel better that ever. He takes his time, explains everything carefully and was always available to answer my questions and concerns. He is a rarity today , a caring totally professional doctor.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
17	1	I had been to several surgeons in Las Vegas and continued to get no answers and help. I met Dr. Petersen and he not only was able to figure out what was wrong with me but, did my surgery and I have never felt better. Dr. Petersen is wonderful and I would without a doubt encourage anyone to see him. He has a compassionate bedside manner and a genuine concern and desire to help his patients. This was not only my opinion but many of the other patients in the lobby I talked with felt the same way. It was a blessing that I found Dr.  Petersen 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
17	-1	I found this doctor to be INCOMPETENT, inhumane, cold, heartless and rude. Dr. Peterson left me in level 10 pain for over eight hours, with NO PAIN RELIEF, at the hospital while waiting for a colonoscopy which he then changed his mind and did not perform. I was admitted with acute abdomen and was scheduled for surgery which he then abruptly cancelled with no explanation and no pain prescription. His solution was to inject me with a strong estrogen shot without checking my blood levels first.  This shot is still causing me serious problems.  I had presented with a long history of abdominal adhesions and partial bowel obstruction and ended up having adhesions removed by another surgeon.  Peterson billed my insurance company top dollar and is still trying to collect from me.   STAY AWAY from this one!!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:HealthPartners
17	1	I had my gallbladder removed by Dr Peterson... I thought he was great... but he works so much that he was always in surgery when i called in pain.... I was told by his sister that works in the office to &quot;tuff it out til tomorrow&quot; I was really upset... i had like 6 holes in my stomach and i was in pain, yet i was told to &quot;tuff it out&quot; I would deff say he is great at what he does but i didnt apperciate hearing that when i was calling in pain. 	3	5	2	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	Dr. Petersen and his staff (office personnel, surgical nurse, anaesthesiologist...) are outstanding. I don't think he ever takes a day off. He visited me in the ER and every single day that I was in the hospital. He advocated for me with the hospital to get me in quicker. He removed my gallbladder and the following month had to do an open bile duct surgery due to a blocked duct. I would trust him to do surgery on me or my family. He responds pleasantly to questions and is very good at dealing with questions from family members too. He seems to not have a sense of humor, but does. He is a gifted surgeon and extremely knowlegable, yet good at explaining in procedures in a way anyone could understand. I feel blessed to have had him as my surgeon. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	Dr. Petersen is well trained. That manifests itself in his careful, scientific, albiet highly humane approach to complicated medical issues. He is not hesitant to delve deeply into a problem,and seek help in finding the correct solution in order to solve a problem. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	Dr. Petersen was willing to try and help me when other surgeons told me there was nothing that they could do for me. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	Dr. Pingol and her staff are excellent!She is very caring and takes the time to listen, which is very rare in this day and age. I would rate her as excellent and have had many bad experiences with doctors in the las vegas area.  She is truely wonderful 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
18	1	VERY GOOD AND NICE STAFF,VERY HELPFUL IN EVERYWAY.THE DOCTOR IS VERY NICE AND HELPFUL ALSO.YOU NEED A DOCTOR I SAY YES TO THIS ONE.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	Pleasant young man with years of experience in both the hospital and clinic setting.  I don't go to the doctors but I will go to him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
19	1	Dr. Parisi and his staff literally SAVED MY LIFE last year.  Although I couldn't afford the visit / fee. Dr. Parisi and his staff administered treatment, that would have cost thousands had I gone to the ER.  It's all about INTEGRITY - CARE- COMPASSION and DEDICATION to his work and patients with Dr. Parisi. The entire staff is well trained, courteous, knowledgeable and I actually &quot;Look forward&quot; to my visits there.  Once your in the Exam room, Dr. and Staff LISTEN - CARE and HEAR their patients, instead of being shuffled through. I never mind waiting to be seen, because I know someone else's is recieving proper attention.  I've been in their care for years now, and never once have I felt unloved or like an account number.  It's refreshing to know and experience this type of high quality care at reasonable prices & timelines.  I love them sooo much, I've even included my &quot;life saving experience&quot; in my book &quot;Good Grief 101&quot;. TREAT YOURSELF SPECIAL - make an appointment - feel BETTER 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	0	 	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
20	-1	Dr. Perez's attitude was so unpleasant that we changed doctors. 	3	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
21	-1	I obtained copies of med records to see another physician based on being informed by dr that she could not do anything more for me relating to my initial concern. When I went to cancel appts I was informed that they were cancelled because she discharged me. The dr discharged me without notification. The dr and office made an assumption not based on facts.Patient bill of rights allows me to see another physician.  Very disappointed.  Positive side&#63;&#63; Her nurse is very helpful. What an embarrassment it would have been for both myself and office if I had shown up to the appts...........Needs to have better communication between patients.  	4	3	1	2 	Insurance:Tricare
21	1	I wish I still lived in Las Vegas so I could have her as my primary physician. She was always polite, caring and knew the thick medical file inside and out. This is based on many visits for different problems over a period of 4 yrs., including her previous office location. Have no idea why people would find her anything but among the best of the many doctors we have seen in many states over the years. If that rating was based on one isolated visit, I think that is unfortunate and unfair as Dr. Park was truly and consistently wonderful.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:AARP
21	-1	dr. park is the most uncompassionate person I have ever known, and since I worked in hospitals most of my life, I feel knowledgeable in this area.  	5	5	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
21	1	Takes time and does listen to you.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
22	1	Great Staff which were very prompt and courteous 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	I've been seeing this doctor for a couple years now. Dr. Po is very professional. The staff changes here and there and his wife who works at the front desk is a total ditz but Dr. Po is very caring/helpful. If you're in pain, he'll do his best to help you with whatever it is and personally has helped me on more than one occasion with this issue.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
24	1	Extremely knowlegeable, excellent bedside manner, could not have asked for a better doctor to fix my neck and now my shoulder.  I highly recommend Dr. Perry.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthFirst
24	1	Dr Perry saved my life. Its that simple. A story could be very long about the case but if it weren't for him I would be dead. I could care less what others have said, he is the one that stopped my young son crying because he thought his mother was going to die.  	 4/2/11	5	4	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	1	Dr. Perry is the 1st Dr in Vegas I would even consider letting do my surgery. I've seen the worst of the worst. I have the utmost confidence in him and his staff. I knew the minute I met him he was the person to do my surgery (4 level fusion c-spine). I've seen so many drs in Vegas and he is by far the best. Shocked to see otherwise. Staff is wonderful, helpful, knowledgeable, concise. I was asked to describe my surgery to his PA so he would know I knew what I was having done ~ I thought that was awesome! My surgery is in two days ~ I feel comfortable knowing I'm in good hands.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:HealthFirst
24	1	very understanding and takes great pride insuring you are health enough to have a procedure done. i had a back fusion done and he visited me twice after in the hospital which i felt was impressive.  his assist is also very understanding and insures that you understand your illness or injury and they contuine to do follow ups even after your procedure no matter what problem you may have in regards to your medical condition 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
24	1	Dr Perry is a professional!  He is fast at times but that isn't a matter of him being unqualified.  I am deaf, and he looks me in the face, has answered all questions, I have no problems with him at all.  Some of the complaints are not valid here nor do patients take into account he may have had an emergency, think what if that emergency was YOU! Would you like to wait&#63;  He is not going to be a 100% fix that is silly to even think, but if it helps some be grateful, if medications scare you then your not being realistic.  You might have to be on something but if it is making you feel better then you have arrived.  Sometimes you have to on top of your health care but with Dr Perry he is on top of his field...  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
24	1	Dr. Perry and his staff are truly amazing.  I had severe scoliosis and could barely walk.  Thanks to him, my pain is 90% gone, and I can walk without a problem.  He gave me my life back.  His staff is very attentive, and he is very thorough.  He explained everything to me.  I knew I was in good hands.  If I had it to do over, I would choose him in a heart beat.  Great personality, great bedside manner, and an excellent surgeon.  Sometimes there is a wait to see him, but the wait is well worth it.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
24	-1	DR. PERRY WAS UNATTENTIVE. I ASKED THREE QUESTIONS AND NOT ONE WAS ANSWERED. HE SCHEDULED SURGERY, BUT DID NOT DO ANY FOLLOW-UP OR SCHEDULING ON THE PRE-OP TESTS, EVENTHOUGH THE OFFICE ADVISED ME THAT THEY WOULD DO ALL SCHEDULING. AFTER CONSIDERING ALL MY OPTIONS I HAVE DECIDED TO WALK AWAY FROM HIM.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
24	-1	I am so sick of this personality of these doctors that treat you as if you are a number and dollar sign instead of someone that is concerned about  your medical need and help you find answers or solutions. To simply not even introduce your self and look your patient in the eyes is a insult. I have seen Dr. Perry twice and he sat with me for 5 mins and would by pass every questions I had for him. He would simply state you will have good days and bad days and I should take narcotics to relieve some pain. Well,  first off I don't want to be subject to another statistic of being addicted to pain killers. I want to know the healthy preventitve measures  to obtain a normal life. The whole experience from start to finish makes me sick to call these people medical professionals. I left there feeling used and unimportant. Just another dollar sign in his eyes. 80% of the staff was unfriendly and noncompassionate. I would not advise anyone that wants answers or help to go see these &quot; unprofessional doctors and medical staff. &quot; 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:CIGNA
24	-1	If you want a doctor that doesn't bother with you & tells you that you are imagining your pain when MRI's show something there, HE IS PERFECT!!! If you like to waste your time & money, HE IS PERFECT!!! He is only looking for &quot;money patients&quot;. Patients that will need extensive surgeries. Other than that, he doesn't want to have anything to do with you. 	5	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	He is awesome. I've been going to him for years now. He is very knowledgeable and I feel very open in discussing anything w/ him. He is incredibly professional and has never made me feel uncomfortable.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
26	1	I have had Dr. Plon as my doctor for over 20 years. She is the reason why I am alive today. She is the best!! When I moved out of state for 8yrs I would fly back into town just to see her. Now Im back in Vegas and so glad to be near her again. I know my heart is in safe hands. She is EXCELLENT !! If you want the best of the best. To know excately what's going on. She's very through &amp; through you want to see her. I love her to death she is exceptional !! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	My ex is a surgical specialist at Stanford Med Center.  Dr Plon is a doctors' doctor and always referred within the medical community as THE BEST for their families.  A good doc is intuitive and fast to pick up on the esoteric medical problems that cause complications.  She is the best.  I now drive 10 hours to see her rather than go to Stanford.  I trust her instincts and professionalism.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
26	1	She has very careing way of dealing with you,and gives you straight answers to questions. Great heart and over all doctor and person ! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
26	1	Been going to her for over 12 years, she saved my life several times, she is up to date on new procedures ans meds. Her office manager Georgie is a life saver 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	dr. plon is very knowlegeble and very conciencious. very good dr.  would not be here anymore if i did not had her as my doctor 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
26	1	i had two heart attacks, in nov98 and feb99. this cardiologist is absolutely the best! she performed angioplasty both times and i credit her with saving my life. it has been almost ten years with good quality of life and if it weren't for her, i wouldn't have survived the first night. i am a health care provider with almost fifty years in medicine and she sits at the top of the pile in my own personal opinion. i know good drs when i see them as well as bad, and she is the best. i admit i am biased, but it is a bias she earned, and one i lived to develop. i recommend her with absolutely no hesitation to anyone with cardiac problems. somewhere there may be a better doctor, but you got some serious looking to do to find them.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	1	During my visit I felt that I was treated very well.I would absolutely recommend this doctor to my family and friends.  I felt this visit was an amazing success!Overall I would rate this visit : outstanding! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
27	0	I was completely disappointed in the Dr./ patient rapore.  Dr. Pasternak came across as disengaged, or rather preoccupied.  If he'd put down his ipad for one second and pay attention, he might actually understand his pt. issues. What happened to the old fashioned, listen now, chart later&#63; And one more thing, the &quot;I love me wall, look at me, validate how great I am shrine is overwhelming.&quot;  Yes Dr. we all can see how in shape you are and how many triathilons you've done. Good for you. Overall, was hoping for more and found nothing but frustration and disappoinment. 	2	4	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	I've been a patient of Dr. P's since 2009, after a surgery performed by another longtime doctor left me in a very bad state. Dr. P has been wonderful in treating me with all of my new ailments, as a new patient, and has always put a significant amount of thought into diagnostics and treatment and testing when I've seen him. I did find the constant staring at his tablet a bit offputting at first, but he's incredibly competent and that more than makes up for not knowing his eye color. He's been fantastic about refilling prescriptions, usually the same day, and I have had little problem getting into see him with an important problem. He's given me referrals to other specialists and I can not complain about him at all. I kind of think he's like House in his ability to diagnose, without having the jerk factor of the TV character. He's a fantastic doctor. His staff has always been friendly, thorough and prompt. Highly Recommended! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	I'm more than happy with Dr. Pasternak, I have been a patient of his since he was at the Ralston Clinic.  He has taken very good care of me, and possibly saved my life when he discovered my carotid arteries were almost closed.  How he knew to have them checked I don't know but he detected something and I had to have surgery to clean them out.  He may have to use his computer but that just gives him/us better medical records.  I would and have recommended him to friends.  I consider him to be an excellent doctor and the longer he practices medicine, the more proficient he has become.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
27	1	Dr. Pasternak is my primary care physician and he recently treated me for a large subcutaneous infection. I appreciate the fact that he offered to treat it in his office after initial antibiotics were insufficient instead of referring me to a hospital for care. A less confident and risk adverse doctor would have sent me off to the hospital where they would treat me but at an exorbitant cost as an admitted patient. By performing a minor surgery in his office along with an antibiotic regimen I was able to enjoy an upcoming vacation vs cancelling it and spending my vacation money on hospital bills. THANK YOU Dr P. and I thank the office staff for dealing with my crappy insurance carrier.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
27	1	I understand the complaints made from patients in 2009 as I felt exactly the same way: too much tablet computer, not enough real listening or engagement.  Otherwise, his advice seemed competent. With reluctance, I just saw him again after being unable to find anyone better, and I was HUGELY surprised.  His staff seems much more on top of things and there are some new faces.  His attentiveness has improved markedly and, although the tablet is still there, it doesn't dominate the appointment.  I was very satisfied and impressed that Dr. Pasternak got the message and I now have no intention of changing doctors.  Those previously disappointed should give him a second chance.  	4	5	4	4 	Insurance:Assurant
27	1	Terrific with my teenage son!  No one knows the field better or cares more deeply.  	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	-1	Staff are friendly, but incompetent.  They have messed up my simple prescription every time Ive gone there.  I have also heard Dr. Pasternak and his staff openly complain about other patients as they sit in the waiting area.   Dr. Pasternak lacks the people skills to be a physician and instead, probably should have been an accountant. He spends more time hiding behind his little computer than he does engaging the patient. Too bad he spent more time decorating his office w/his trophies than reading Bedside Manners for Idiots. Definitely find another physician. 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
27	-1	I was a patient of Dr. Pasternak's when he was at Washoe Med and followed him to his private practice. Unfortunately, he has seemed to change his approach in interacting with patients. It is a truly a three-way conversation with the doctor and his PDA taking center stage. The best feature of a family practice doc is the ability to communicate with his patient and engender trust, thereby opening up the possibilities of optimum diagnosis and treatment. Unfortunately Dr. Pasternak has lost that ability. 	2	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	I credit Dr.Pasternak with excellent care in the aftermath of a subarachnoid brain hemorrhage I experienced 5 years ago. After release from the hospital, the neurological surgery team cast me adrift with little advice or follow-up. I decided to visit Dr. P, our family physician, even though I wasn't sure much more could be  done. Dr. P advised me to undergo speech/cognitive therapy and occupational therapy in an effort to restore my mental health to a degree that ZI could return to work as a research scientist. It wasn't clear if I could return to my job, but Dr.P wrote to my laboratory and told them of the seriousness of the hemorrhage  and steps that were being taken to help me recover. It was a critical letter that gave me time to heal. After one and a half years of intense and continuous therapy, I was able to function in my job as a research scientist. Without Dr.P's intervention, I'm quite sure I would have had to retire. I'm working as well as ever. I owe much to Dr. P.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	1	This office was so wonderful and professional. The doctor was smart and he really cared about my health and well being. The staff was so friendly and nice. I felt taken care of.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	1	. The most kind and caring doctor I have  ever seen! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
29	1	Dr. Padilla is thorough and meticulous. He performed an implant for me with which I am highly pleased. You cannot tell it isn't my own, natural tooth.  Very minimal pain during and after the procedure, as well. Don't hesitate to see him, he's the best! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	Dr. Pathan is wonderful.  She takes the time to answer your questions and explain her diagnosis and treatment plans.  My daughters love her. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	After 5 failed attempts to get a correct eyeglass prescription from 2 other doctors over 6 years, Dr. Paez was able to diagnose some issues with one eye that no one had detected (amblyopia and astigmatism) and give me a prescription that actually worked! Aside from that, I know he's extremely knowledgeable because he had to take into account that my eyes apparently don't like lenses/correction, which was something else no one had discovered, so my prescription was a little tricky. I recommend him to anyone in need of an Optometrist, especially if you seem to have weird issues like I do.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
32	1	Dr. Padda helped me a lot when I was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer.  Great doctor and very professional.  	 1/12/12	4	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
32	1	Almost died but Dr. Padda was able to arrange liver transplant for me at Loma Linda.  I am feeling so much better now ....... of course with new liver.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	1	Went to Centennial Hills ER in extreme pain upon Dr. Padda's advice after speaking to Dr. Padda on the phone.  ER took blood and got diagnosis but not cause.  ER did CAT scan but found nothing.  Dr. Padda came to see me in hospital to investigate with camera into my gut and found the wandering gall stone that was causing pancreatitis.  The very next day--delayed only because two anesthesias in one day is too risky--....the very next day he destroyed the offending gall stone.  My stomach aches are gone.  I feel much, much better!  Dr. Padda has good bedside manner.  Of course, with all the procedures he does--many in one morning--his time is limited but adequate to do the best job that can be done.  He is so nice I wouldn't mind spending more time with him!  My enzimes immediately went from tens-of-thousands down to 350.  300 is ideal and of course I have follow up appointments to address whatever needs to be addressed for optimal health.   Amazing result, I'd say! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	-1	Never go to this guy. It took months to get in. He never offered detailed information. After the proceedure, he briefe me in the hall even though the briefing room door was open and the room was empty. 90 seconds into this briefing he started to look at his watch. A few seconds later, he said he had to leave. He said biopsy info would be in the following tuesday. When we calle, his office said he was on vacation for the week and refused to provide the promiised information. After informing the MD that recommended him of his behavior, we got a call from Padda, we suddenly got a call from  him. He provided minimal follow up information that conflicted with the medical records we got. He recommended surgery although the pathology report found no conclusive data that would support surgery. We are considering filing a complaint to the board of medical examiners. His front office was alternately rude and provided conflicting info. Since then, we went out of state for extremely good care.  	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
32	1	Excellent doctor.  Really listened to me while I was in great pain. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	0	Dr. Padda has the worst office staff I've ever seen. You can not get his nurse to call you back nor can you get through to her. I need surgery and have been waiting for about 6 months because I can not get his office to send referrals.  	1	2	3	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
32	-1	One of the best in our town. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	Office staff is incredibly rude, I liked Dr. Paik.  I won't go back because of his front office staff.  	1	3	5	4 	Insurance:Delta Dental
33	0	i was treated very badly by his staff and by him. I wish someone could help me get my voic heard 		4	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	Excellent skill, courteous, professional, gentle. Nice office and staff. resonable price for quality 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	-1	DOCTOR PACK WAS VERY RUDE BECAUSE WE DIDNT WANT TO DO THINGS HIS WAY WE HAVE  CERTAIN BELIEF AND HE DID NOT RESPECT THAT.HE ALSO MADE SOME VERY RUDE COMMENTS AND I WOULD NOT REFER HIM TO ANY ONE 	5	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	Dr. Pack is excellent! He treated me for my first pregnancy and I will absolutely see him for my second. He is efficient, knowledgeable, and down right funny. Humor helps ease some of the more uncomfortable moments at the OBGYN in my opinion. While you may wait longer than you'd like to see him, it is worth the wait. If you are waiting its usually because he had to run to the hospital and deliver a baby, which I can appreciate. His Check-in staff is very pleasant as well.  Chelsea is very friendly and willing to help! 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
35	-1	He had a horrible bedside manner and didn't seem to be able to do anything without consulting another doctor, lacks confidence. He didn't listen to me and made several rude comments. I've since switched. 	5	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	Highly recommended! After OBGYN hopping all over Vegas, I finally found the best doc in town! 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	An excellent gynochologist. Answers questions. Gets things done quickly and painlessly. Also has a good personality, which is important for patients who are easily embarrassed.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
35	1	I was with dr Pack throughout my first pregnancy. Although he was very careful & listened to me... he was not always willing to explain things to me. I was sent to the hospital @ 8 months due to preeclampsia signs & had to be informed by the nurse why I was being admitted. He rarely spent time answering questions.... I will give him credit though... I told him how I wanted certain things to be during labor & he DID ENSURE that those things went as I asked... 	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	Always treated with respect and given excellent information. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	Called to make appt &amp; waited on line for a long time then when she picked the phone got hung up on. I had to call back &amp; wait on line again. I wouldn't called back but my boss recommended Dr.Paulbick &amp; said that he was good.when I got to office I sat down because standing hurts my back and the front desk girl told me I had to come up and sign in. She was rude and uncaring. I work in a hospital and we are in patient care. We all have bad days but my gosh a little symthapy would have been nice. I wanted to walk out but I was in so much pain so I waited. When I got to the back, I'm glad I stay. The girl with the little girl voice is very helpful and was very caring. Dr.Paulbick did help my back. As all healthcare providers, the front desk is the 1st contact that patients gets and that break or make your business. 	1	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	Dr. P is a knowledgable and caring doctor. His receptionist is quite rude and refused to schedule my follow-up because she was &quot;on break.&quot; Aside from that, I would highly recommend him. He seems to have the most advanced technology and is very friendly, sweet and caring. He got my back into shape! 	3	4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	I am very happy with my results. I was nervous on my initial consultation but the confidence of dr. Pancholi and the entire staff helped me.  They answer all my questions and concerns.. .l went to 3 different consultations the other offices treat me as a #... 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	Dr. Pancholi and his staff were beyond helpful and totally professional. No typical doctor ego here.  Like a lot of people in Vegas (living here with no family)... I was very confident in the doctor because of the time HE spent with me and the information HE and his STAFF provided myself with.  His staff has also had work performed on them by Pancholi himself.  I have been asking around for YEARS about doctors and I would have to &quot;say look no' further!! I was so nervous about getting my breast enlarged and they now LOOK GREAT!!! (..As big as possible but still natural looking for myself.) He did silicone - under arm.  Very warm and welcoming atmosphere not Pushy unlike 2 other doctors including their staff I had  consultations with.  GO WITH NO OTHERS!! 	 3/17/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
37	-1	terrible experience, i have been injured the surgery for what i paid wasnt performed ,and needed to take legal action to have my money back ,as up today the Dr never appologize to me . hope that he will not injured anybody else ,for lack of experience 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
37	-1	I tried to give Dr. Pancholi a chance, with two breast implant surgeries, but both left me different right to left.  He was nice, but the results speak for themselves. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	Love this doctor. Couldn't of had a better experience. His staff is very helpful and friendly and he will go the extra to call you in the evening to see how you are doing. Would go back to him for anything and everything! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	Dr. Pancholi is so wonderful!  He's friendly, he listens to what you want, and is truly an artist!  I would recommend him to anyone who was interested in cosmetic surgery! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	I have had Botox and other injections for years. My results are the most beautiful ever. Dr.Pancholi is truly an artist and a doctor's doctor. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	Dr. Pancholi has a eye for perfection. I have had three surgeries on my breast and Dr. Pancholi was the only Doctor that got it right. I am now 41 and have had implants for about 18 years.  I am now naturally perfect. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
38	0	Quite possibly the worst dental experience I have ever had. RUDE and VERY INEXPERIENCED dental assistants. Woman poked me in the cheek, lip, tongue and gums with her pointed dental tools. Then pulled me by the coner of my mouth repeatedly because she could not see the work area (maybe because it was on the OTHER SIDE OF MY MOUTH). Then she cut the corner of my mouth with dental floss. I never received an apology of any kind. Dr. Patel seems to always be trying to push you into additional dental services. Can hardly wait to be finished with the never ending procedures. Can not recommend her to anyone. Sorry I ever walked into Stonewater Dentistry. 	1	4	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	I have a number of serious medical problems and have had many surgeries.  The doctor listened to me about my concerns and worked with me to tailor a plan just for me.  Everything seems so rushed when you finally get to talk to the doctors but he really took time to make sure he understood my worries.  I will ask for him if I need surgery again.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
39	1	Dr. Parkhill took care of me for an emergency surgery. He took care of my friend (epidural) when she had a baby. We both did great! This was the first time I had a general anesthetic and did not get sick. He is the best! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
40	-1	I've been coming here for a few years; if I wanted to see a PA I would schedule with a PA... Today, I really wanted to see my doctor, Ioana... I called and the earliest appointment was 3 weeks out, and no other doctors available. She wouldn't even consider squeezing me in or calling me if there was a no-show; those who work in the medical field know that you should definitely account for no-shows. Your just another number with her, and that's definitely not what I look for in my PRIMARY care. 	3	2	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	Dr Palavan has been my Primary care physician for 3 years.   She is kind, and thorogh. she explains everything. If I have questions, she answers them.  She has seen me through some very trying times.  I don't know what I would do without her.  I am in pain due to a botched surgery by a urologist my insurance company referred me to.  She has helped me to cope with the pain and the disability.  	 6/3/09	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
40	-1	Had been in car wreck. Ended up having pelvic pain around area of previous surgery. Went to see her. Ordered a CT-scan but tech was unable to get needle in me so the iodine didn't get to help show area. The scan showed all okay. Told her I hurt. Second wreck & now pain is worse. Had not felt well in some time so went back. Had bleeding gums, a bunion, earache, etc. My body I told her was going through something & trying to let me know. She tried to give me antidepressants after telling her I was hollering & cussing at son & didn't ant that. She said that wasn't good. I know & why I went. Didn't take the meds. Shortly after  ended up in ER in excrutiating pain!  Staff was amazed I was alive & especially able to walk as I had an abscess that had burst in pelvic region. Had to have part off colon removed. Almost died twice on operating table. If she had done her job they could of found it & aspirated the fluid out! Try never to go to Dr's. now. 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	Office is VERY difficult to get into.  Being seen for a sick appointment is impossible.  I waited 2  months for a new patient exam.  Assistants don't call back and act tired and overworked. Doctor has good bedside manor but doesn't always take the original problem or complain t     seriously.  Staff loves to take long lunch breaks. Good luck with the exchange. 	1	3	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
42	-1	I went to him for treatment and felt like he did not take me seriously. Dr. Pincock asked me to compare my TMJ pain; which causes me to have migraine headaches; to getting my arms and legs cut off as if I had gotten run over by a train. I was shocked by his attitude and will not use him for treatment again. He also charged me full price for the visit and then billed my insurance and has yet to refund the difference. My appointment was 15 minutes late and he spent less then ten minutes with me. He had removed my upper wisdom teeth in prior visit. During this visit he suggested that Dr. Allman who was treating me for my TMJ; was only out for my money; which I do not believe to be true. I got an infection from the removal of my wisdom teeth procedure which is very rare to happen when getting upper wisdom teeth removed. When I returned for treatment of the infection he was accusatory and dismissive. I believe his actions are not that of a professional and his bed side manner is atrocious.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
42	-1	Do not go to this doctor.  He is rude, arrogant and uncaring.  My daughter in law had all of her teeth pulled and then refused to even go back to him for aftercare.  He accused her and I of being drug addicts when we asked for more help with her pain and swelling.  She has had tooth pain for years due to decay and no dental care as a child (foster care). The pain meds she has taken do not work very well anymore and she had the procedure done on a Friday before a 3 day weekend.  Go to Reno if you have to.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
43	-1	I tried to make a change in my appointment and the nurse was rude and unsimpathetic. Then se stated that he only works 2days a week and if i wanted to transfer care.  This is not profesonal 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Medicare
43	1	The rating speaks volumes. The staff is rude and non caring.  	1	3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
43	1	With 22 years of disability I've seen too many doctors and I can attest Dr. Poindexter is the absolute best there is, bar none.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
44	1	. dr pimental is great we love her i have been taking my child to her for about 10 yrs now her staff well let me start off by saying gabby is great wounderfull and verry well with it over the phone and in person the other girls are rude nasy and mean not helpfull at all im giving them one more chance via phone or office visit if things dnt get better i will be letting the dr know 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
44	0	The office staff always frustrated me! I cannot count how many times they either didn't have me down when I had an appointment, or they forgot to cancel an appt.  One time I waited for over an hour with a screaming sick baby, and then they realized they didn't have my new insurance info, so then it took another hour after that to get in! Why did it take an hour for them to realize this&#63;&#63;&#63;  Dr. Pimental was nice enough, and she seemed knowledgeable.  But, there were times when she didn't take my children's height on their well-checks. Isn't it important to know if they are growing or not&#63; I felt like I had to always remind her to do those type of things. I always left wondering if she missed something important&#63;!  In my opinion,  I would never go back to Northwest Pediatrics. 	1	1	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
45	-1	Dr. Pitman is arrogant and rude.  I wish I had read his rating before I went to him.  I was referred to him by an excellent Dr. so I trusted him. I would not recommend him to anyone. Personally I think there is something mentally wrong with him. I question his professionalism.  	1	3	1	3 	Insurance:Medicare
45	-1	Terrible &quot;doctor&quot;.  Very condescending and rude when discussing treatment.  Never on-time and doesn't make apologies.  Stay away! 	3	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
45	-1	My visit to Dr. Pitman was TERRIBLE. I went to him for pain mngmt. Every time I answered his questions, he interrupted me. When I chose &quot;n/a&quot; on one of the forms because none of the multi-choice options applied to me, he shoved the page in my face, demanding to know why I'd chosen &quot;n/a-pain is the same all the time&quot; if it wasn't. He argued with me about my medical history. He then bullied me about my smoking. By this point I was sobbing. He then told me he wouldn't treat me because I &quot;obviously didn't care about my health&quot; and walked out the door. (this is interesting since KNOW he has other patients that smoke).After I filed a complaint about how I was treated, they got me in to see a different (and MUCH better!) doctor in only a few days and that visit was excellent. Since the staff/nurses are wonderful, I highly encourage anyone to go to Nevada Pain &amp; Spine, but see one of the other docs, NOT Pitman! 	5	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	Nice staff.Great nurses Dr. Pitman is very meticilous.and wants to help.. Anyone that needs help.  See him...He has helped not only taken me off of my medications.. He helped me have a funtional Life 	4	5	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	-1	My experience with Dr. Pitman and his staff will be one that I will not forget. Not only did his staff mess up my appointment times, procedures that I needed to have ect.. he as a doctor would come into the procedure room and you would think that him and I never met. I had to refer Dr. Pitman to look at my file as to why I am encountering pain and also along the lines as to past procedures that I have had done. Dr. Pitman and his staff are not ones that I would refer to any family or friends in the future. Horrible bedside manner and professionalism. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	Dr. Panesar is by far the best doctor that I have ever been to. She listens carefully to every concern you have and runs thorough test to resolve the problem. She is very knowledgeable and easy to talk to. She also takes her time with each visit and does not rush you out the door as most doctors do. Furthermore, the staff is very friendly and helpful. Dr. Panesar has a great establishment.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
47	1	Pappas is the best ! I don't have dental anymore...good dental...I so wish I could afford him...Had the best crowns ever from him...!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
47	1	Excellent dentist.  Very skilled and very kind. I have been seeing him for 20 years and have had only positive experiences with him and his staff. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	Dr. Parikh is the best. I LOVE HIM NO OTHER DR. HAS THE KNOWLEDGE THAT HE HAS HE SAVED MY LIFE. I AM CANCER FREE HE IS AN ANGEL. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	He is the most compassinate and thoughtful doctor we have known.  When other doctors gave me 3 months to live, Dr parikh has given me 5 years and counting - I am alive because of him, thank you Dr Parikh, you are the best.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
48	1	Dr. Parikh is the most thoughtful doctor I have come to know. He truly cares about his patients. He makes sure he is aware and in touch with all your other doctors and all the other medical problems that you have.  He answers all your questions and when he says he is going to take care of something you can rest assure he does. Dr. Parika is always polite and never makes you feel rushed when he is with you.  I would highly recommend him. You can not get any better than Dr. Parikh and his staff.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
48	1	What a great doctor!! He cares about you as a person and wants to know what other medical problems you've had or are having. His staff is great also. We are so thankful that we have found him and would highly recommend him.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
48	1	ALL Doctors should learn from Dr. Parikh! He is kind, patient, caring, smart and helpful. He makes me feel like everything will be alright. He answer's all my questions. I trust him! I feel like he is looking out for my best interest's.  THE VERY BEST!!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	-1	Out of control office and dentist. Tried to do work that WAS NOT needed...got a 2nd opinion and never went back. I had to correct the billing office regarding a good portion of the office visits mine family and I had. Tried over charging..BEWARE! 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	She is WONDERFUL!!! Young and full of energy, very easy to talk to...very personable, unlike so many doctors. 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
51	0	He rushed me through and I had to wait a long time in the room for him to enter.  	3	3	2	3 	Insurance:Medicare
52	1	I felt very comfortable with him. His personality is wonderful. He is doing everything that he can to find out what is wrong with me and I'm very grateful to him for that.  He is by far the most caring physician whom I have ever encountered, and certainly one of the most knowledgeable. I would highly recommend him to others.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
53	1	Dr Pfau is a homeopathic doctor with an osteopathic background.  I have severe psoriasis and have found very little relief with other treatments.  I was very skeptical trying homeopathy, but figured it was this or harsh medications that can cause organ damage.  He prescribed acupuncture and a homeopathic remedy.  To my surprise, it is working.  I am at least 50% improved in a little over a month.  The staff is very polite, the office is very clean and relaxing.  The doctor really listens too your concerns.  I just wish my insurance company would cover it because it is not cheap. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
54	-1	Dr Larry Paulson has to be the worst doctor I have EVER Met in my life.. He rather see a patient suffer than see them out of pain.. Thank God he left Reno.. Watch out Bends, Or here he comes your way.. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	my fortunate at the time to have Dr Pennelle as our family physician years ago.  He was very sensitive to all of us.  and even called us at home to see how we were doing.  Since then i have acuired culinary insurance and had to find another doctor.  None compare to him and have yet to find one. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	Dr. Pennelle is one of the few remaining physicians that actually ask you about your symptoms and what treatment options you would prefer. He really listens to what you have to say and cares about your opinions. He then explains to you what he recommends and why! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
57	-1	I was charged 926.46 for maybe 10 minutes of time the main thing I came away with was that I am old. She froze 4 small spots (keratosis) and on the billing showed 15+ for a charge of 578.87. This is unacceptable boarding on fraud as far as I am concerned and by the way, she is not a Dr. just a PA.  Stay away! 	2	2	1	3 	Insurance:Medicare
58	-1	 	3	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
59	1	Dr. Petrick and entire staff, from Laura at front desk,to Lily, Dr. P's assistant, were profession, effective, kind and caring.  I had been going to Physical Therapy for 5 months, to strengthen a post surgery L shoulder(rotator cuff), and it was not until being recommended to Dr. Petrick that I experienced a significant amount of relief from my pain and discomfort.  Pt had helped, but took me only so far.  In addition to practicing Chiropractic Medicine, also uses a few different modalities.  He is an expert in Active Release Tecnique (ART), and that is the treatment he used on me.  IT HELPED ME TREMENDOUSLY!!!!.  If you are in pain, and have exhausted other avenues for relief, don't wait, make an appointment with Dr. Petrick.  Words cannot adequately express my gratitude to the Dr. for the relief I have experienced. 	 10/16/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
59	1	The price reflects 8 visits to his office. Dr. Petrick is a Healer. He took me from tons of pain to almost nothing in the first few visits. My quality of life has improved dramatically since my treatments. He's very professional and extremely knowledgeable and he actually listens and explains in normal terms exactly what he is doing. Thanks 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	Excellent surgeon, compassionate,caring, very knowkleable, skilled. used by nurses for person doctor, tru test of who is best.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
60	1	I dont know who this preious patient is talking about! The comments sound like something one would expect from an ex wife or disgruntled girlfriend. I know Dr. Petersen. He probably spotted the patient's crazyness and refusded to deal with her. Dr. Petersen is smart to stay away from patients like this one.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
60	-1	Absolutely THE WORST doctor I have ever experienced.  He was extremely unprofessional, uncaring and dropped me as a patient, with no warning, no explanation and no refill pain meds on a weekend while I was in Level 10, abdominal pain!  I subsequently ended up having two, very serious, life-saving surgeries with two other doctors.  I think Peterson knew his surgical skills in my case were profoundly lacking but his ego prevented him from admitting it.   Anyway, the guy didn't have what it takes and THANK GOD he did not attempt either of my surgeries because, with his lack of compassion and expertise, I  definitely would not have survived!!!  STAY AWAY from this one!!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:HealthPartners
61	1	This doctor is the BEST!  He listens and respects what I have to say.  I do feel like I am a partner in my health care decisions.  He has also been correct in his diagnosis consistently. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	keeps current on education,not a blamer,computerizrd records, truthful, a  real helath PARTNER--likes patient involvement 	1	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	Dor Pasimio is one of the best doctors I have ever seen. He is prompt and thorough. His staff, on the other hand, leaves a lot to be desired. They don't return calls, they don't answer the phones most of the time, they are short nearing rude on the phone. Time to clean house and hire all new staff from the office manager on down. 	1	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	excellent pain doc- I feel much better 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	LOVE HER!..  It is very difficult to chose a doctor for your child, but from day one she made me feel extremely comfortable and at ease.  She is very helpful, answers any question respectfully and with full attention to the matter, remembers all of my son's doctor visits and follows up with me after sicknesses and shows that she truly cares about her patients.  Her nurse is amazing when it comes to administering the shots, very quick and painless, which is a huge advantage for that terrible first couple of years of shots and I've never had a long time wait at her office. Great Doctor!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	The BEST pediatrician around!!  She is kind, gentle, thoughtful, comforting, and always takes time to answer all your questions (no matter how silly).   She is always on time.  We've never waited longer than 5 minutes which is greatly appreciated with a small child.  I would recommend her to anyone, and I do!  We will NEVER switch pediatricians for our son.  Papez is tops. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
64	-1	Would not recommend this doctor.  His staff is very rude.  After seeing this doctor, I was very sick and he wouldn't answer my calls. I ended up in the hospital, I was there a week and he only came in twice and then sent his nurse in to say I had cancer an never saw him again.  When we asked why they didn't  return our calls, his nurse told us that they don't return calls because they like to go home at a decent time and if they return calls it keeps them late.  This is not the type of doctor anyone needs when they are really sick, as I was.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Coventry
64	-1	due to issues beond my control, they would not see me due to my insurance changing all though they accepyt my new insurance.  seems to me that the is only interested in getting paid not my health 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
64	0	Terrible experience.  Dr. Pasha does not care about patient's time.  Long wait for consultation (over an hour), colonoscopy (2 1/2 hours) and post procedure - could not wait for several hours.  	2	1	3	3 	Insurance:Anthem
64	-1	Did not like having my procedure in a back office room with a shower curtain separating me from the next guy. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	Great doctor...smart, caring, excellent skills. Staff was awful. Dr Pasha needs help there.  	1	1	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
64	1	Very busy Gastroenterologist who gives his patients his total attention, excellent communication and thorough understanding. Soft spoken, kind and supportive. Office staff is well trained, helpful and runs smoothly. Very competent and have often highly recommended him over the past year.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
64	1	Dr. Pasha and his nurse, Stan, took excellent care of both my mother AND father.  Not only did I feel that they did and excellent job diagnosing their illnesses, but they showed more concern, empathy and support than MANY other doctors have.  They were very kind to my parents and also to our entire family. 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	Dr. Pasha and his staff were kind, knowledgable and prompt. Dr. Pasha and his RN spent a good deal of time with me. I was surprised by the negative comments left by other patients. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
64	-1	I had to request (strongly) to meet him prior to performing ECRP. He was very negative. He did quite a bit of damage to my neck and throat during procedure. He did not answer phone calls from nurses at the hospital. No followup. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	Our entire family has been going to dr. pham for 5 years, he is so great, and his people are too. They work with you on payments when you are having a hard time, andthe doc never forgets things you tell him once you get to know him, he acts like a neighbor. Dr.  Pham rocks!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
66	1	Front desk was nice and helpful, medical assistant was rushed and not particularly nice, doctor treated us like just a number and wasn't really chatty.  They took us 1 hour AFTER our appointment which was a bummer.  I will not be going back to this doctor.  	5	1	3	4 	Insurance:CIGNA
66	1	Awesome doctor and staff. The staff of doctors do cover for each other. High quality.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
67	1	Dr. Pierce and his staff was our Doctor for about 4 yrs. We have just recently moved out of State, and I am praying that I find a new Doctor as good as he is! He is always helpful, understanding and compassionate. The staff are very helpful (thanks Nicki!) always get questions answered, or have Dr. Pierce call back, usually the same day. Dr. Pierce always take the time to explain any situation or diagnosis - We will SURELY miss Star Family Care. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
68	-1	Doctor is elusive as the mythical unicorn.  Initial visit and consultation promising. After that we had to switch to another doctor in the practice because Dr. Pez was not available for the test results or follow- up. Unprofessional and unacceptable. Thankfully his associates pick up the slack for him and do a fine job.  	5	4	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
68	1	Dr. Pez is a great doctor. He is very knowledgeable and kind. He really cares about his patients. I would not go to anyone else.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
69	1	Was referred to Dr. Patel 14 years ago by a co-worker.  He has always treated me with dignity and respect.  Explain my condition and how to treat with both medication and life style changes.  Knew one of the reasons for my initial visit was the need to keep healthy for a new born child - Dr. Patel never neglects to ask about him. 	 4/27/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	Dr.Patel is knowledgable,compassionate,and kind with a great bedside manner.  	 4/13/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
69	1	Like a previous poster stated, he can get rude, defensive, and somewhat hostile if he is challenged; or if you complain about anything related to the treatment he recommends.  That being said, his staff is wonderful and he does seem to be knowledgeable.  Just be careful not to cross him. 	 4/12/12	5	5	3	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	I took a treadmill test in California.  I was told I needed an Angiogram and to get a cardiologist in Las Vegas, since this is where I live.  My husband received two recommendations from friends.  I went on line to see what patients were saying about these doctors.  There I found Dr. Patel who really stood out as an excellent cardiologist.  He truly is the very best.  I liked the fact that he does his own Angiograms.  His staff is caring and efficient.  The office and surgery staff have been with him for many years and praise his capabilities.  I am really blessed that Dr. Patel is my heart specialist.  	 11/11/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
69	1	Dr Patel is very caring and compassionate. The same for his staff. They always take the time to ensure I receive proper care.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
69	1	His staff is personable and helpful. Dr. Patel is very knowlegable and easy to talk to while spending the approriate amount of time assessing your medical condition. He insures your complete understanding of the treatment plan.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
69	1	One of the best Cardiologists in Las Vegas.  I have worked with most of the Cardiologists on a professional level in my job and chose Dr.  Patel for his professionalism and knowledge 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
69	1	Dr. Patel is a superb diagnostician.  He cuts quickly to the chase, weighs a wide variety of factors, discusses possible courses of treatment with the patient, moves swiftly to call on colleagues for suggestions on especially difficult cases.  He is not a gusher, but he is a warm and caring medical doctor.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
69	1	My wife owes her heart to Dr Patel. Dr Patel has taken care of my wife thru heart attaca snd stroke.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
69	1	Wonderful doctor and staff. Dr.Patel is a very detailed professional. He makes a point of knowing everything about my health issues. He is consistent in his follow-ups. He and his staff are fabulous.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
69	1	The staff is very professional and really care about your health. They prove it through their actions and are always willing to help with any concern whether in the office or on the phone. Dr Patel is extrememly  knowledgeable and treats me with the utmost respect. He spends time with me as a patient and listens to what I have to say. He is concerned about your health in general not just your heart. He has performed more than one heart cath on me with excellent results and minimal discomfort. He is prompt on appointment time with very little waitng time. I have and will continue to recommend him to other people.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	1	Excellent doctor and staff..I received great care, was given information that helped me understand my condition, but made me feel calm about the procedures and outcome...  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
69	0	. Has a habit of getting very rude, has a temper and gets rather hostile to the patient if it does not go his way the second he thinks it should has a bad habit of contacting your other doctors with information that is none of their business 	3	2	2	3 	Insurance:Medicare
69	1	Dr.  Patel in my humble opinion is one of the best cardiologist I ever met, my wife has the same opinion about him 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
69	1	excellent care. very knowledgeable and caring.  meticulous follow-up.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
69	1	Dr Patel has been my doctor for at least 5 years and has been a very good doctor all that time 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	I am very impressed with Dr. Patel. He is very thorough and takes the time to explain everything and answer any questions. I am confident that Dr. Patel is the best doctor to manage my health.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
69	1	Dr. Patel is an excellent cardiologist. Detailed, efficient, and personable.  In his office, stress tests are given.  He does the stent procedures, himself. His staff is extremely helpful and follow-up to questions/requests are timely.  Would highly recommend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
69	1	We have been to many docs in our lifetime.Dr.Patel is EXTRODINARY. He listens, he evaluates and acts in a very professional manner. He speaks with a very caring attitude to family during a crisis with the patient.  His quick thinking and knowledge saved my husband's life.  I will be always greatful for his sincerity towards myself and my daughter. He always called me back in a timely fashion, he always had an appt for my husband when we needed it.  His staff of nurses are angels, caring,on top of everything and never did we wait in the office for more that three or four minutes.Thank you DR JANMEJAY PATEL..YOU ARE THE BEST!!! ****** Six Stars.Highly recommend this wonderful physician.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
69	1	He has been the best cardiologist we have ever had. We have lived in four states and believe me we have been through a lot and he has always been there for us and helped myself and husband through some tough times. I would highly recommend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
69	1	Very good and knowledgeable and other physicans look to him for answers and confirmation.  Appreciate the personable attitude and concern for the patient.  Consider him a friend of the family, where the contact with family is positive, forthright.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
69	1	Dr. Patel is very professional and caring.  He may have saved my life. My heart was only functioning at 15%.  Dr. Patel got the help I needed and my condition is improving.  I recommend Dr. Patel to everyone.  His staff is great and very caring - almost like family at times. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
69	-1	After an Angiogram procedure for my father in February 2008, Dr. Patel spoke to his kin about the results of the test. He spoke only to me, 24 year old daughter of the patient. He delivered the news that my father had 90% blockages in all his main arteries and that if he did not have open heart surgery, he would not live past 6months. He also noted that he probably would not give my father any hope of surviving the flight back to Canada for immediate care. My father lay there on a stretcher right after the procedure, while Dr.Patel delivered us a death sentance. His staff and residents and myself included all wore looks of shock and awe at his lack of compassion and outright disregard for his patients emotional state. Dr. Patel was on that day the most insenstive and unprofessional doctor Ive ever met. I filed a legitimate complaint against his unprofessional conduct at Sunrise Hospital in Las Vegas, NV. I spoke directly with the Hospital Director, and he was spoken to.  Pt 1 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:MSP
69	1	Excellent Doctor, professional, knowledgable &amp; caring and is always available.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
69	1	Very professional, friendly office!!  The doctor took a lot of time to answer all of our questions.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
69	1	Finally, a Doctor who is courteous, knowledgeable, articulate, and one who truly cares about his patients. I have been to dozens of doctors and specialists and can tell you that Dr. Patel is an extremely competent Heart Specialist. I would recommend him to anyone.  No matter how large or small your medical condition, you will leave feeling better knowing you are in good hands.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
69	1	Dr. Patel is my cardiologist and I'm very pleased with him. He is easy to talk to and spends time with you. He performed an angiagram on me and I would not go to anyone else. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
69	-1	Dr. Patel was unable to complete the implacement of a stint.  Another Doctor had to finish the first stint and schedule me for a second day for another stint 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
70	1	Dr. Peprah is a true gem.  Psychiatrists like him rarely even exist in this day and age.  There is a sign on the office wall that basically says to be patient because the doctors give the utmost care and that that courtesy will be extended to you when it becomes your turn.  A truer statement was never written.  Most shrinks want you in and out to fit in as many patients in a day as possible.  They're meds pushers who want to build a new addition on their house--they care little for their patients as people.  Dr. Peprah, on the other hand, LISTENS.  I really feel like I am being treated...I never feel like I have to worry I'm talking too much or that I'm wasting his time.  He is patient, he offers encouraging feedback, makes it clear that mental illness is legitimate illness like any physical one, and he's extremely intelligent and knowledgable: like a professor, the stuff he reads in his spare time is psychiatry related.  I pray for all the mentally ill, a DOCTOR like Robert Peprah. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	Dr. Peprah listens to you, is interested in your mental health, and realizes that mental conditions are real and can be debilitating. If you really need a psychiatrist, he is the one you want taking care of you. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	My father & I have gone to Dr. Peprah for many years & really like him. When you truly have disorders you really need to find the right Dr. or they will not help you & try to slap a diagnosis on you that you don't have & treat you with wrong meds if you even need them. Too many docs now are passing out meds all over the place & can be very dangerous! I do have to say after many years I wish he would get some good help up front, those girls do not give him messages & say they did. They will also say they left you a message & nothing on my machine! I have ran out of meds this way a few times & when you are on 200mg. of Zoloft you do not want to just go off them, the withdrawls are bad! Now that my new ins. doesn't cover any psych & I am paying dearly to go to him the last thing I need is staff that won't get a message to him, I can't just pay for another appt. 	1	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	He is the best nut med doc ever ... he will take time to talk to you and find the right meds for you.. and he actually talks not all like take this and that .. he actually cares bout what he be givn you .. so i would go to him if you need a nut med doc 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	Dr. Peprah is extremely intelligent and kind. He takes time and makes sure what he explains is understood. He's very professional but very warm and caring. He takes medications seriously. Works to find what's best for the individual and is reassuring during difficult times. Has an incredibly friendly, sincere smile! Don't know what I'd do without him. Been seeing him for years and don't plan to stop! 	1	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	Dr. Peprah is an excellent psychiatrist who is very knowledgeable and takes his time getting to know his patients. He is very professional in demeanor and truly seeks out the best interests of his patients. After years, I finally believe that I have found a psychiatrist who will truly give me the answers I have been searching for. Highly recommmended. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
71	1	Hey, a doc who takes time to listen to you and who cares.  How refreshing.  I'm getting the rest of my family in to see him for routine care.   He's got me for life! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
71	1	Outstanding in patient care. Very knowledgable in the field of Anti Aging &amp; General Practice. This Dr.Cares about his patients. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
71	1	Wow!!  I love this office.  Staff is exceptional and Dr Phillips is great.  I walked in sick today and they took great care of me.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
71	1	Dr Phillips is wonderful and so is his staff and PA, Doug.  Everyone is caring and both Doug and Dr Phillips will spend time talking with you and answering any questions you might have.  I have never felt rushed with them.  Even in the times I've had to wait for awhile in the waiting room (and that is rare), I didn't mind because I know that Dr Phillips and Doug will also spend ample time with me if I have any concerns to discuss with them.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
71	1	He is very caring, thorough and Knowledegable. Takes the time to discuss and answer questions 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	Dr. Parker does excellent work.  I am so pleased with my new breast implants.  He, his staff and his work are terrific. I would recommend dr. parker to anyone considering breast augmentation. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
72	-1	Face lift surgery on my wife.Lasted 8 hours!So bad,had to have completely redone by another Doctor.Eyes distorted downward.When we complained,he said it was the best he could do. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	We were very satisfied with her.  She is very personable and will try to accommodate your request if it doesn't interfere with patient's care.  I highly recommend her.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
73	1	She may be a nice person/dr. but she always seems like she's in a rush or doesn't have time to be more personable when you have q's..i recommend her if you don't mind when a dr. doesn't look you in the eye or looks at her watch often... 	3	4	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
74	1	Dr.Paulin is very, very helpful and listens to everything you say. He is very hands on and knowledgable. I will always go to Dr. Paulin and look forward to visiting him, he is peerless.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
74	-1	He gives medications to anyone for anything for any reason.  The office smells like urine.  He gives strong pain medications to special patients, if you know what I mean.  He needs to stop practicing medicine before he kills someone by givng them pain meds that they do not need. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
74	1	I recommend this doctor to anyone. I wne in to his office and tlod him i had chroinic pain. he wrote mw a prescription for lortab. he is a drug addicts dream come true.. he will write a priscpition for anything. Love this man.. I hope no one really reads this but the street value of lortab is NICE!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
75	-1	Doesn't like to explain procedures. Very rude, unfriendly, very arrogant. sent me for test unnessary, got angry when results were not what he wanted them to be. Would not listen when asked to please change medicine, medicine making me sick. he was not my Dr. by choice, he was assigned to me in the hospital, and when I questioned him about my treatment he would be extremely rude and after 5 days, said he would no longer be my Dr.. I got a new Dr. the same day, changed medication, and quickly started to recover. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
75	1	Dr. Pham was the attending during a recent hospitalization. He was polite, professional, on-time and knowledgable.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
76	-1	Dr. Pineiro's M.A. should not be aloud to touch any patient. I went to get a simple ear cleaning. Dr.Pinero had his so called &quot;M.A&quot; clean my ear. (BTW,this M.A. told me she wants to work in a bar &amp; that's where she should work!) She used a device that shoots water into the ear. The first time she used the device she was gentle but she couldnt get all of the wax out so she repeated the process with the device again but this time while the device was in my ear she applied more pressure, pushing &amp; rotating the device in a forceful manner. While the water was pulsating out of the device, she was literally moving it in a 360 degree manner applying force. I told her to STOP! She said 'but the wax hasnt come out' then she stopped &amp; saw that the wax had already come out! My ear was plugged for the rest of that day and within the next 48 hours there was a small amount of blood. Now for the past 7 months I have a constant rumble sound in my left ear. Dr Pineiro's M.A.  damaged my ear permantley 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
76	1	OMG...Dr. Pineiro is awesome, he is very thorough, takes his time and is extremely knowledgable in disease and show true compassion.  His office staff makes it happen and they truly work in harmony with the doctor.  I'm glad to have finally found an office that is competent and informative.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
76	-1	Dr. Pinero's staff is inept. Not only are they inept they are lazy, rude and uneducated. I have never been to a doctor's office where the staff acted so clueless and stupid. !Beware!! LOOK FOR ANOTHER DOCTOR. I would RUN from this office!  Dr Pinero may possibly be a decent docotor but his staff reflects poorly on his image, it's embarrassing.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
76	1	He is a great doctor and listens wonderfully to his patients. However, his staff is very bad about following up with referrals and you have to do the leg work to do your own paperwork because the staff office manager Sofia is not capable of following up with your requests. The other girls are great but she does most of the paperwork and she lacts ettiquette when explaining things and comes off really rude and in a rush. The meds don't get transferred to the pharmacy on time and referrals are lagging all the time. I wish this wonderful doctor would get a new office manager. The doctor is Cuban and is so smart about his medicines and referrals. Every time you see him he spends so much time with his patients and gets to know you. He recognizes and knows all your problems as soon as he sees you and sits there listening to everything. He explains things with so much compassion. He really should win an award for his behavior. Great doctor and but needs better staff.  	1	3	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
76	1	Good family doctor - spends time with his patients and is very thorough. Office staff another story. Needs to find better help.  	1	2	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
76	1	very helpful, and takes the time to explain what you don't understand. Good listener. Granted not too punctual but being that he will take the time to explain things I don't think this should be held against him.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
76	-1	I was scheduled to see this doctor for this first time for a 1:00 PM appt. It wasn't until 2:30 when I was called into his inner office. I told the nurse how upset I was after waiting so long. After another half hour wait, in his inner office, his nurse gave me a stock excuse why he took so long.  I was ready to leave when the doctor came in, and told me heard from his nurse  that I was upset about waiting. He said he understood. He gave me a differing  stock answer claiming he just got back after vacation. I reminded the doctor that he had a sign on his wall claiming that you may have to wait because he only gives a high level of care. I asked Is that supposed to mean that any doctor that you don't have to wait for, is a bad doctor and gives bad care&#63; It seems that overbooking is built into his system. He also  billed for a procedure he never did. I called his office and spoke to his nurse. She claimed if he read your charts, he is entitled to his charges.  And then hung up on me! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
76	1	He is a good doctor, however he overschedules way too often which always leads to very long wait times to be seen.  The staff is ok, but the fact that so many people are waiting at the same time makes it for an unpleasant overall experience until you are seen 	4	1	4	4 	Insurance:CIGNA
76	1	Dr Pineiro is an excellent physician - would recommend to entire family - spends alot of time with his patients, extremely competent. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
76	1	Dr.Pineiro is an excellent Doctor. He specializes in Internal medicaine and has a lot of diabetic experience. He spends quality time with patients and is very punctual. He is a Doctor that takes his work seriously. Dr.Pineiro refers patients to other Doctors if need be also. The wait time in his office honestly never exceeeds 1 hour unless there was an emergency. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
77	1	Comfortable office.  Good explanations of condition and treatment options.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
77	-1	It's me again. Two days after my visit, my left lower eyelid became red, sore and itchy. I remembered that the doctor shook my hand and then proceeded touching my eyelids with it. Earlier when Dr Park's assistant was wiping equipment with dry cotton swabs. I asked her to to use alcohol and she told me it's alcohol. It was not (I worked as an ophthalmic assistant in the past). I wasn't in the mood to argue, and I payed for it... I called the office next morning at 8 am. Dr Park called my house back about 28 hours later... He refused to give me a RX for a antibiotic cream or drops without making an appointment. Since I couldn't take time off work and didn't feel like paying Dr Park for infecting me, I stayed untreated. A week later (now) it's better, still quite itchy. I am not going back to this office and won't recommend it to anybody. 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
77	1	I liked the doctor and his ophthalmic assistant too. The girls at the front desk and the girl who scheduled my appointment couldn't explain the differnce between medical visit and vision visit, as well as the amount of my coopayment. They didn't know that medical does not cover refraction...So I overpaid...  	2	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
78	1	Very EXCELLENT service. Very Happy with Dr. Very Professional. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	I go to Dr. Philander for yearly checkups. I've been to other doctors and no one has been as thorough as him. Very knowledgeable.  	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
79	1	Doctor has been taking care of me for over 10 years.  He is conservative in his treatments but always puts patient health first.  Maintains contact and listens to the complaints before exam and treatment.   Great dialog with this patient 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
79	1	I LOVED getting to see Dr. Philander.  Not only is he incredibly knowledgeable, but he has a wonderful bedside manner.  He treats his patients with respect and expects you to know your own body - my husband and I have been going to him for some years now, he's well worth keeping - and the fact that he now has the ability to do the blood-tests on site makes his office even better!  No need to wait! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	Warm & caring, willing to listen to your medical concerns.  Pleasant doctor visit! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
79	1	Dr. Philander and his staff are very nice and accomadating I felt very well taking my family to see him 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	This is the best doctor I have ever seen. After being to several other &quot;specialists&quot;, he was the first to accurately diagnose and do surgery to correct my very complicated problem. My stomach was turned upside down and I had a huge hiatal hernia. His manner was very caring. The wait in his office to see him is never less than 2 hours, but I can live with that.  	4	1	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
80	-1	Terrible experience, terrible surgeon.went to play golf before i was out of recovery,never seen the dr while in the hospitalevery one else but him.  i almost died losing bloodout of lungs 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
81	0	. Not communicative, very cold and did not offer any help or compassion 		4	2	3 	Insurance:Medicare
82	1	Great all around doctor.  Don't let Sports Medicine specialty fool you into thinking he wouldn't be a great family doctor.  I have a very physical job so it's nice to know I don't have to go to a specialist.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
82	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
83	1	AMAZING.  I am not a fan of the dentist, but Dr. Sam and his staff are excellent.  Will never go to another dentist as long as I live in the valley.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
83	1	Since we were new to this state, I was seeking doctors of all types.This doctor came to the Sr. facility where we live and offered to see any of us at anytime. He & his wife (his assistant) run an immaculate new facility with  the latest in technological equiptment.The ladies at the front desk are welcoming and trained to know their business.This doctor is accomadating to your needs and always maintains a smile and a professional demeanor.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
84	1	Very personable and listens to your needs.  She will take the time with you if it is needed.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
84	1	I finally found her!  I have missed her and the place she worked at refuses to tell where she is working. 	 4/24/11	4	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
85	-1	This doctor misdiagnosed appendicitis.  He left me in the ER from 0720 to 0130 the next morning.  I nearly died after 1 week in the hospital.  Came home with a pic line.  Thankfully my doctor was called in and saved my life.  I would request another doctor if this man ever came near me again.  I was told by another doctor that he is &quot;medically challenged&quot;  He agreed that he was impatient with me in the ER and ended up waving all of his fees.  Thus I never had to pay for his &quot;services&quot; 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
86	1	My son and I have been patients of Dr. Paiva and L.Pace APN for over 8 years and my grandmother for 2 years . Not sure what office these others are going to but I can tell you I LOVE this office. The staff is extremely friendly, helpful and upbeat. If you want to see Dr. Paiva just ask when you schedule, it will take longer to get in is all. My son and I always see Leslie. I am very picky when it comes to doctors/APN's due to my health problems and am beyond confident in her competency and treatment of any issue I may be having. She listens (which is more than I can say for most doctors), is compassionate &amp; if for some reason she wants another opinion, Dr. Paiva is always there to offer that opinion. I always feel a &quot;part of&quot; my treatment which is the way I feel it should be. I have never waited more than 10 minutes in the waiting room. Dr. Paiva is also extremely competent, friendly &amp; compassionate. She and her staff have been amazing with my family and I am grateful for all they do! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
86	-1	Never saw the doctor only assistant.  staff was very rude when I had questions of any nature 	2	3	2	2 	Insurance:Anthem
86	0	never see the doctor always an assistant, this I don't like.  Pay the same, but never see Rose..weird 	4	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	Very knowledgeable and friendly 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	She was very professional and I felt very comfortable talking to her about anything. She seems very knowledgeable and I feel that I am in good hands when I go to see her.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
87	1	Excellent listener.   Fairly good &quot;bedside manner&quot; with good humor.  Is willing to try various therapy.  However, she is in an HMO and has maybe 15 minutes max per patient.  Her assistants/nurses are poor and seemingly overworked.  Just give them the facts or they will diagnose you which can confuse the doctor.  I like her and hope she stays with my HMO. 	2	3	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	Dr. Papageorge is great, she takes her time with me, and always answers my questions, and addresses my concerns.  I would not hesitate to recomend her to anyone.   One of the best Doctors in Nevada 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
88	1	When I went to Dr. Peoples I was seeing another Doctor who had already scheduled me for cervical surgery. Dr. Peoples evaluated me and put me on a special therapy program which I followed to the best of my ability day and night.  here it is almost six months after I was scheduled to have the surgery and I feel like a new person and I am living a pain free life.  Dr. Peoples has the knowledge and is not in a rush to cut, but is open to try to heal before he goes to the extreme.   Phil 	 5/3/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
88	1	Dr. Peoples performed cranial decompression surgery on my 9 year child, who has chiari malformation with syrinx.  We spent a substantial time researching pediatric neurosurgeons on the west coast, and after receiving glowing recommendations from other doctors, decided to stay in Las Vegas with Dr. Peoples.  The surgery was successful and we are thrilled with Dr. Peoples.  His demeanor with my child was fantastic and she still smiles when we mention his name.  He patiently answered our questions and thoroughly reviewed her case before recommending surgery.  I would recommend him to any adult or child who suffers from chiari. 	 1/29/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	Not only did Dr. Peoples do a discectomy on me for two herniated discs, he listed to me a grieving mother that had been told her 22 year old son had Lou Gehrig's disease aka ALS.  My son had seen 4 neurologists and had 3 MRIs.  On a hunch Dr. Peoples asked to see him and he discovered all my son had was a severe cervical herniation causing all the symptoms and muscle atrophy that had been so gravely misdiagnosed.  My son is a MMA fighter who looks chiseled out of stone but his hands were so atrophied he could not even open a water bottle.  Dr. Peoples did surgery 3 days later, that was June 2011, and now my son is recovering and can open that water bottle.  Dr. Peoples gave us both our lives back.  He is truly an amazing human being and he will always be my hero. I thank God everyday for his kindness and expertise.  	 10/24/11	4	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
88	1	I was having lower back pain @ work one day and a co-worker said that she would see if Dr. Peoples would contact me.  I had been previously diagnosed with spinal stenosis, and that day the pain was overwhelming.  Dr. Peoples called me that very evening and spoke w/me for approx 45 mins.  I had told him that I was not one for taking medication (I had seen patients come into my pain management drs office and did not want to be like them).  I would rather try &amp; deal with the pain. Dr. Peoples asked if I had heard of the book Treat Your Own Back. He suggested I try some of the exercises to get some relief.  I was very amazed and grateful that Dr. Peoples took time to call and speak w/someone he didn't even know.  I tried those exercises and they do help, with monthly therapy massages and my holistic chiropractor, my pain level has decreased from that evening that Dr. Peoples called.  He really listened to me and was very sincere and caring. 	 12/10/10	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	Dr Randy Peoples is there best there is.  He is very talented &amp; gifted in his field of expertise.  We are very blessed to have him in our life.  Dr. Peoples has performed brain surgeries on my mom and my husband.. and  neck &amp; back surgeries on close friends of mine.  I would trust him with my life.  He offers hope when others feel like there isn't any.  A true asset to the Las Vegas Valley.  I would highly recommend to all in need of neuro care. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	Dr.Randy Peoples is the greatest doctor that I have ever had. He performed an aneurism  clip in my brain with so much compassion and such a caring attitude. He goes over and above what is expected of him. I recommend him to anyone who needs a neurosurgeon.I've told all my friends about him and would have no other doctor handle my neuro problems.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
88	1	There is no better doctor in Nevada than Dr. Peoples.  I trust him with my life. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	Dr. Peoples treated my 5 month old son after he contracted viral meningitis.  He was very compassionate &amp; thorough. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	Dr. Peoples has been a blessing to our family. Not only is he a skilled surgeon but he truly cares about his patients and their families.  My daughter who is his patient has referred to him as &quot;my Dr. Peoples&quot; since the first time he did surgery on her at 2 years old. He always has had her best interest in mind and only does surgery when it is truly needed.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
88	1	Dr. Randal Peoples is an excellent neurosurgeon.  He has great bedside manners.  He is very thorough with his examinations and the care he provides his patients.  I would highly recommend him for both adults and pediatric ages. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	Dr. Peoples is an awesome surgeon! I am very satisfied with him as my physician. HS 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	I had a tumor on my low spinal cord and Dr. Peoples was able to remove the tumor completely without damaging the spinal cord. He is a great doctor! I was able to walk around very next day after the back surgery. The degree of scarring was very minimal and healed very nicely.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
88	1	Dr. Peoples repaired my back after a series of missed diagnosis from several other &quot;doctors&quot;. I found him to be a very caring, skilled, and competent surgeon. His talents allowed me to go back to work and finish out my career instead of taking a medical retirement. After he officially discharged me, he was still there for subsequent phone calls many years later when I was concerned about minor back aches. He is a believer in taking care of yourself because there is only so much medicine and professionals can do for you. Too bad the other &quot;rater&quot; isn't mature enough to realize this fact. He also recommended a book for me to read and it was a great self help book that I have read several times and lent to others to read. Dr. Peoples has my highest recommendation.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
88	1	I saw dr. Peoples for a problem with my back. He was very thorough and explained to me exactly what was wrong. I appreciated the fact that he was not just going to throw medication at me. He gave me some exercises to do and I have been problem free since.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
88	1	After being told by two other surgeons that the only solution was back surgery, I was referred to Dr. Peoples by a friend.  Dr. Peoples listened to all of my concerns and spent 45 minutes evaluating my lower back.  I was fully prepared for him to suggest surgery to solve my back pain.  I was completely surprised by his recommendation, which included exercising and loosing weight.  Dr. Peoples honesty, compassion and over all concern for my well being was a welcomed surprise.  I have followed his recommendations for the past 12 months and I can honestly say I am 95 percent better than I was a year ago.  I have recommended Dr. Peoples to several friends and they too have raved about his wonderful care. Thank you so much, Dr. Peoples. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	Fantastic Outcome/Fantasic Neurosurgeon  When my husband discovered a large tumor at the base of his skull we were fortunate enough to receive a referral to Dr. Peoples. When we arrived at the office we were greeted by his outstanding staff and within minutes we were brought in to see the Dr. We felt so comfortable with Dr. Peoples bedside manner that we knew he was the one to do the surgical proceedure. On the day of surgery Dr.Peoples came out into the waiting area to reassure me and put me at ease. After the surgery he did the same. He and my husband together decided that ibuprophen would be the best pain medicine as my husband does not agree when physicians over-perscribe narcotics. Stronger meds were availible if he needed them. He did not. The follow up care was equally as impressive even as we returned to CA. Dr. took care in keeping our primary care Dr. involved and informed and we received many follow-up calls by Dr. Peoples. thank you Dr.Peoples.. you will always be our own personal Wonderful Neurosurgeon! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
88	1	My Mother has been treated by Dr. Peoples for the last six months and not only has he diagnosed a medical issue that had eluded other physicians for years, but he has also successfully eliminated the problem.  He also went out of his way to correct mistakes and screw ups made by other physicians as well as medical and rehab facilities.  I would not want to undergo medical treatment without being on Dr. People's watch.  He is truly and asset to Las Vegas - we are lucky he is practicing here.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
88	1	Dr. Peoples, excellant from the minute you walk into his office.  I would not be treated by anyone else. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	I have been in the care of Dr. Peoples for many years. To say he is a great Dr. is an understatement. He is one of the most caring and compassionate people you'll ever meet. Other doctors could learn from him. While many are quick to operate, he takes the time to see if there are alternative measures, ie: exercises, physical therapy, etc. for your problem before putting you under the knife. I have recommended many people to his office, and everyone has called to thank us for the recommendation.  He is a life saver literally! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Assurant
88	1	Dr. Peoples is the best neurosurgeon. Not only that, but a wonderful person as well. He has been my daughters doctor for 14 years ( she was born with hydorcephlaus, has a V-P shunt in her head). He first operated on her when she was just 8 weeks old to place a shunt in her head. She is now almost 14 years old and a healthy, smart, average teenager! Dr. Peoples has always been there for me whenever I had any questions or concerns over the years. He is a very kind and compassionate doctor. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	My son was treated by dr peoples 6 and half yrs ago and there r no words that I could describe our grattituide because of him and dr glyman the plastic surgeon my son today has an above normal life he is an all A honor roll student going into the 3rd grade as been tested for gifted programs at his school and the one I know is hard to believe my son christopher-glen aka Mason Millner went from surverly deaf at birth to profoundly deaf at 6 month old at this time is when dr peoples along w the faboulous plastic surgeon reconstructed my sons skull and face and hears perfectly! Many many thx which can never be enough to them! We all should be so lucky that the studied these professions.If u ever have any doubt about this doctor DON'T feel free to contact me at anytime! My story is truly remarkable! Pennhgh@aol.com Sincerly always Jennifer woody Randy millner 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	Dr. Peoples removed my second brain tumor. I couldn't be happier with the outcome. Very attentive and professional. Highly recommend.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
88	1	dr.peoples performed a miracle when he operated on my back.I went to see 4 other Drs.before choosing him and on the recommendation of a former patient and personal friend.His gentle and warm manner is the best I have EVER encountered.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
88	1	Dr. Peoples operated on my husbands back and 9 years of pain was relieved by the time he awoke in the recovery room.  He was very attentive, compassionate and he makes as though you are his best friend.  He listens to every word you say, and suggests ways to try to heal the problem without surgery if possible.  My husband healed in a very short time and the reuslts were perfect back health.  Dr. Peoples should be the first doctor you see if you have any type of neurosurgery issue. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	He is the best ever he is not too quick to do surgery and you heal beautifully from surgery he takes so much pride in his work and has a wonderful heart.. highly skilled in all that he does makes for such a comfortable relationship between dr. and patient!!I live in NYC and went to vegas to have surgery by Dr. Randal Peoples... I love him he offers natural ways to care for your body which truly helped and is very attentive to details of my condition! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
88	1	Doctor Peoples did my back surgery and relieved many years of my pain. I found him to be very professional, punctual, and personable. I would highly reccomend him to both adults and for children. He is kind, caring, and takes great interest in his patients. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	My wife had surgery and Dr peoples treated her with very special care. He is compassionate, a great listener, and a great surgeon with awesome skills. I highly recommend him as a very competent surgeon. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	During my visit I felt that I was treated very well.I would absolutely recommend this doctor to my family and friends.  I felt this visit was an amazing success!Overall I would rate this visit : outstanding! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	This man did not give up on me, he has checked on me over the years since I was his patient. I thank God for Dr. Palermo showing up in my ICU room. And thank you Doctor. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
90	1	Very clean and updated equipment. Very gentle and helpful. Highly recommend this dentist, especially if your in pain! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
90	1	Great Doctor... very knowledgeable and very caring 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
91	-1	. Dr Pannu is one of the worst pediatrician I have ever met she is Very Very Rude,Mean does not know how to treat children even though she is a pediatrician I thimk she choose the wrong field her office is horrible, Dirty,toys are really dirty I dont even think they  clean them the office is dirty the bathroom is filthy they dont evene have covers for the toilet I would not recommend this doctor to anybody I will never never go back 	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
91	1	She is very to the point, sometimes I found her very short with me, and my children. Doesn't seem to have much patients. She is very knowledgable though, and knows what she is doing...  	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Anthem
92	1	Dr. Peterson is extremely knowledgeable and provides exceptional patient care. He has a calm demeanor and listens intently to the patient's concerns.  His staff is friendly and competent.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
92	0	I've been a CFS/FM patient of Dr. Peterson's for 17 years.  He was always dependable in the beginning, but lately he is non-existent, especially since he started Simmarch Research Foundation.  I even moved here twice to be near him, but can't get anything from him unless you make an appt.  I am hardly able to get out of bed, how can I go in to see him&#63;!  Can't get him to call in prescriptions even though I faxed request in like he asks.  He's very knowlegdable, but is lacking in people skills.  Even his staff says he either loves you or hates you.  Unless you are a favorite patient of his who accommodates what he wants, then you get nothing.  I would suggest trying another doctor if you can for everything you can.  	1	1	1	5 	Insurance:Medicare
92	1	I am the husband of a wife who has CFIDS who has struggled with this disorder for many years. I tagged along to Lake Tahoe to do the heavy lifting and to meet Dr. Peterson. I wanted to see for myself if he was for real and knowledgeable enough to help my wife. Throughout this process I have maintained an objective eye and would have been quick to complain if I did not like what I saw or if I caught a hint of quackery (CFIDs sufferers are vulnerable). What did I find&#63; I found him and his staff to be very competent knowledgeable and deserving of the accolades they have earned as a center for CFIDS research and treatment. I have confidence that my wifes well-being and health are in the best hands possible.   My final words on Sierra Internal Medicine are this: Dr. Peterson and his staff have my confidence and the confidence of my wifes primary care physician, Dr. Scott Rigden, a Phoenix based CFIDS expert and internist whom I greatly respect and admire. I hope this helps.   FD 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
92	0	Dr. Peterson is a brilliant physician who has the best intentions but does not always deliver!!! His staff is awful.  They can not schedule an appt., give info, or help the patients. I felt like a prisoner patient.  Will not release info to receive much needed treatment in you city. Dr. Peterson orders the same blood work which costs a fortune and the results never get in your chart so he will just reorder. The lack of communication with the staff is a huge downfall. The amount of money you pay and you can never get a straight answer. There is no compassion and when you need them the most they are simple unavailable. What are his reliant patients going to do when he is gone&#63; That was my fear, I moved on. Good luck. He did help me however, when I needed help the most they didn't help me get what I need. Very disappointed. He is brilliant, but that doesn't make up for the lack of care or compassion. 	1	1	1	5 	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	HE HAS BEEN MY DOCTOR FOR 28 YEARS. I HAVE NEVER RECEIVED A WRONG DIAGNOIS. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
92	0	The staff working for Dr. Peterson is incredibly rude and insensitive. The office is beat-up, dirty and outdated. I could overlook  these issues if Dr. Peterson were an exceptional Dr., but that was not my experience. The Dr. is obviously very intelligent and knowledgeable, however, every time I met with him he seemed to be rushed and would not take the time to answer my questions. In addition to this he did not follow through with any of the ideas he had for my treatment. Every attempt I made to follow up (with his treatment recommendations) was met with indifference and no call back from him or his staff. Incredibly frustrating (to be sick and spend so much money) and be treated this way.  No way would i recommend Sierra Internal Medicine to anybody that is sick. 	1	1	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	Dr.Peterson has been my doctor for almost a year now.  I have ME/CFS and have been thru many doctors over the years, but none come close to the character, professionalism, and qualifications of this man as doctor and a person of high integrity.  For many years he has stood up against horrendous opposition regarding ME/CFS, and yet he continues with unwavering dedication.  Any person willing to do that demonstrates a character of high integrity and compassion.  Being a Registered Nurse, I have that perspective as well to make a judgement about this doctor.  Dr. Peterson is very sharp; he misses nothing.  He is very astute; the most amazing diagnostician I have ever met.  He is  empathetic and compassionate; He has continued to stand with us through amazing adversity.  He is dedicated; This is witnessed in so many ways with the most recent being the building of the new facility in Reno, Nevada.  I am overcome with gratitude for this mans dedication as an MD. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	I don't see how anyone could think Dr Peterson is a bad doctor. If you have cfs like i do, he is the most knowledgeable cfs dr in the world. He has run tests on me that previous doctors have not run. He really cares about his patients and i consider him a friend and ally, also. 	2	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	I am being treated by Dr Peterson for chronic fatigue syndrome and he is probably the top specialist in the world when it comes to treating this condition. Dr Peterson is the easiest dr to talk to, he has total empathy in what his patients are going through. He show interest in what you are saying and respects your point of view. There is no cure for this illness yet, but Dr Peterson is in my corner in regards to finding a treatment protocol that will work. 	2	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
92	-1	Dr. Peterson's expertise in Immune Disorders is dwarfed by his, personal and professional, lack of integrity. The Staff at Sierra Internal Medicine is almost non-existent. The lady, director, of the medical center is far from professional and completely unrepentant when it comes to her own mistakes. A mistake that cost me $1800.00 [I can back up my statement and experiences 100%]. If you suffer from CFS/ME, etc., please consider another doctor. I would only  recommend Dr. Peterson if you live in Reno, or very close by. I would not trust them with my health. My experience with them should have been taken to a legal level but I managed to get credit from my airline so I decided to let it go. My experience was very detrimental to my health. Dr. Peterson has contributed to the CFS/ME and Neuro-Immune community but I believe he should be left to research and not patient care. This is why I would strongly suggest finding a CFS/ME knowledable doctor that is familiar with Peterson's protocols. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
93	1	. EFFICIENT, FRIENDLY, KNOWS WHAT HE'S TALKING ABOUT 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
93	1	Talk about a Dr. that is on the ball, this is the guy to go to if you have Pulmonary problems.  Explains everything in a way you can understand.  Has been in practice for a long time and knows what he's doing! 	2	3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
93	1	Dr Pinto has a wonderful bedside manner, is very caring and always listens to his patients 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
94	1	Great physician - terrible office staff and scheduling. Have attempted early appointments to last appointment in day, wait time is always 1 1/2 hours plus.  If it wasn't for how competent Dr. Petruso is I would definitely go doctor shopping.  	1	1	4	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
94	1	Dr. Petruso is a fine physician; he's thorough, takes time to explain, is very relaxed and pleasant to be with. His office, however, is terrible -- staff do not return calls; and it takes them a week or more just to write a script renewal. Waiting 2 to 2-1/2 hours to see my doctor tells me this view is no longer worth the climb. None of them know me from one visit to the next, including Petruso -- he's a great doctor who's wasted in an assembly line environment. I'm going to have to find another doctor.  	1	1	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
94	1	Dr Petruso is the most complete and exhaustive physician I have ever been to.  He really cares about his patients.  He keeps up newest methods in his fields.  	5	1	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
94	1	I have gone to Dr. Petruso for years and will continue to --eventhough he no longer accepts my insurance.  Having to wait is a small price to pay for his genuine concern and vast knowledge.  He also has a great networking system with other doctors.  I would highly recommend him as your personal physician.  Office could definitely use a makeover, though. 	4	1	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
94	0	I believe Dr Petruso to be one of the best doctors in Las Vegas however that being said-a 1 1/2 to 2 hour wait is a sign of lack of control of his practice. The normal wait time for his office is never less and sometimes more. Staff not very helpful, no return calls if messages are left and Dr. generally seems to be too busy when seeing you to provide info regarding the issues you came to see him for and leaves the patient with worry and doubt in the patients mind. Dr. is very knowledgable and efficient when he has time for you. If only he had more time to deal with his patients.  	1	1	1	5 	Insurance:Medicare
94	1	He is so busy,the doctor until I think he gets his patients mixed up.However i have not been with him long.So therefore I CAN NOT RATE HIM YET. 	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
94	1	Dr.Petruso is by fare the best in Las Vegas. The only problem is the amount of time beyond your appointment that you have to wait to see him 	5	1	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
94	1	The epitomy of what a caring physician should be. He is, for me, a continuation of the expertise in internal medicine that characterized one of his mentors, Dr .Robert Stanzler, who retired many years ago.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
94	1	Excellent physician.  Very thorough and knowlegable.  Nothing gets by him.  	3	1	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
94	1	great dr. but you have to wait too long to get in to see him. 	4	1	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
94	1	very knowledgeable - extremely pleasant but nothing seems to get by him.    (Can walk on water) 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
95	1	Dr. Pappas reconstructed my ACL a few years ago and it is still going strong. He is an absolute perfectionist. Perhaps most memorable was his unhurried, detailed, and highly informative answering of my exhaustive questioning. If you need an athletic orthopedist, they don't get any better than Jim Pappas. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
95	1	. very knowledgable surgeon 	5	2	4	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
96	1	Great guy, very polite who takes care well of his patients 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
97	-1	I CAUTION ANYONE WHO IS HAVING SURGERY WITH GENERAL SURGERY ASSOCIATES...Please do not trust Spring Valley Hospital or the staff that they are associated with!!!  DR. YOGESH PATEL, DR. FUSCO, DR. SOCOR, YOU ARE NOT GOD. You are affecting peoples lives everyday so please take your job more seriously!!! SPRING VALLEY HOSPITAL PLEASE TRAIN YOUR NURSES SO THAT THEY LISTEN TO THEIR PATIENTS.    I could have very easily sued this surgeon and hospital for the surgical mistake. After long consideration my husband and I decided against it. I want to be able to share my experience with whomever I please whenever I please.  If you have any questions or would like more details on what happened to me please feel free to email me at:    survivor.of.a.surgical.mistake@gmail.com 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
98	1	Very good with those suffering from Anxiety. Most other Dr. In Vegas haven't a clue. Easy to work with and keeps in touch.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
99	-1	This doctor only added to the misery of our experience.  He would not inform us as to what was happening with the patient (our loved one) and he had no solutions on how to help him.  Mind you the patient was NOT terminally ill and could have made a full recovery.  	 8/17/11	1	1	1	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
99	1	I have gone to Dr. Pervaiz a dozen times and I have always seen him, never a PA.  I have never waited more that 45 minutes to see the doctor, even when I didn't have an appointment.  He is happy to give 3 month prescriptions on regular medicines, because he has for me and my parents.  I can't find a negative thing to say about him or his staff.  You are going to a doctor to feel better, not to make a new BFF. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
99	0	The nice thing is you dont have to wait a long time to see the doctor but a big negative aspect is that the doctor will not give you refills on medication. He wants you to come back every month or every two weeks just so he can make more money especially from cash paying patients. Also, his bedside manner is horrible. He is not friendly at all. He never asks how you are doing. And have you ever been to a doctor who doesn't take your heartbeat&#63; The staff is pretty friendly with the exception of one woman. It's funny I think she thinks she is something special because she works in a doctors office for probably minimum wage. I guess it's better than her previous job in Mexico working in a dirty doctors office handing out pain pills and assisting with unsanitary abortions. Overall if you are looking for a doctor where you dont have to wait several hours in the waiting room or wait a week or two to get an appt. go to this doctor. I've been going to him for almost three years. 	3	5	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
99	1	what ever the lady is saying i utterly false patient are actually seen by the doctor PA no LONGER WORKS There 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
99	-1	THIS DR HAS 2 MEDICAL CENTERS OASIS MEDICAL CENTER AND SANTA ROSA MEDICAL CENTER:::HE IS NEVER THERE AND ONLY 1 UNKNOWLEDGEABLE SO CALLED PA RUNS THE PLACE'S SHE RUNS BACK AND FORTH TO BOTH CLINIC'S SHE SEE'S ABOUT 45 PATIENTS A DAY.. IF YOU THINK THE DR SEE'S HER WORK AT THE END OF THE DAY SUPRISE IS ON YOU !!! IF YOU CARE ABOUT YOUR HEALTH DO NOT GO THERE THE DR NEVER LOOKS AT HER WORK WHICH IS UNLAWFUL HE IS BY LAW REQUIRED TO READ HER CHARTS AT THE END OF THE DAY AND SIGN OFF ON THEM ;;; HE DOES NOT!!! SHE IS NOT A DR AND SHE ACTS LIKE SHE IS. I WISH I COOULD DO MORE THEN THIS BUT I CAN ONLY WARN THE PUBLIC NOT TO GO THERE. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
