dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	-1	I have only been there about 4 times for my son's circ and his first few well checks.  1. I waited until 10:00 pm for him to come discharge my son from the hospital when he was born. 2. Everytime I went in for a well check I waited over 2 hours, just in the waiting room.  3. The day after his circ they would not see my son for some minor bleeding, they told me to go to the ER. 4. It was the dirtiest medical office that I have ever been in! 5. There is really no sick area and well area. I have since changed docs and today we were told that we would have to go to a urologist because my son's circ needs to be redone. I do not recommend this doctor. In fact, I have a few friends who have since switched doctors as well. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	excellent doctor as well as the other doctors that work with him. I have never had any problems with the clinic and I have never had any problems with Dr. Bakerink or any of the other doctors. The clinic is inviting and clean. I would go there any time that my children may be ill. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	I have seen Dr. Bakerink for almost 10 years. He is so great at what he does and the wait is there beacause of the high rate of patients he has, that alone should be a sign of a GREAT Doc. He cares. I woulden't take my kids to any other doc he is a very trus worthy doctor. This part of my rating is from a website that talks about Dr. Bakerink and how GREAT and Caring he is. (hhttp://www.lasvegascitylife.com/articles/2009/09/17/.... (quote from website) Bakerink, a pediatrician, is one of a team of medical professionals who provide free health care to the women and children who live at Shade Tree. The clinic depends on the generosity of physicians like Bakerink, nurse practitioner Tina Marie Phyfer,who supervises women's care at the clinic, and students in the physician assistant program at Touro University. The students provide basic adult health care. It's the first free medical clinic located inside a shelter, says Shade Tree director Marlene Richter. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
1	-1	I went to weecare for the 1st time ever and i was waiting at least 2 hrs no one went up to me and told me that it was going to be a two hour wait,I had to go and see if i could talk to the office manager,but the so call office manager never came out to see me she didnt come out till i was back in the room 45 min later she makes patients wait, if they dont have an appt with her 	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	DR. BAKERINK IS THE MOST CARING DR THAT I HAVE EVER MET... MY 3 BOYS LOVE HIM... MY NEWBORN HAD A BAD CASE OF RSV FOR ABOUT TWO WEEKS AND THEY GOT ME IN EVERYTIME ON LAST MINUTES NOTICE TO SEE HIM... THE WAITING IS A BIT LONG FOR WELL VISITS BUT ITS WORTH IT... HIS BUSINESS OFFICE IS WONDERFUL ALSO...  I WISH HE WAS MY DR 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
1	1	Dr. Bakerink is an awesome pediatrician!  He has been THE BEST we've had over a period of 18 years with our children in 3 different states.  I always insist on seeing him and not the Physician Assistants.  We've been going to him for about 10 years and love him!  He's knowledgeable, helpful and always meets our needs.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Pacificare
1	1	Great guy!  So nice and very knowledgeable. Takes plenty of time to talk with you and answer questions.  Just the best! 	 9/29/08	5	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
1	0	Each time I take them the clinic seems to be getting busier and busier.  We wait at least an hour every time to see a PA or the doctor. The nurses are not that friendly. When we do finally get to see the PA/doctor, they always seem like they are in a rush.  After a year of bringing the kids to this doctor, I finally got fed up with the waiting and the poor service.  	3	2	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	0	After my daughter has been a patient for a year, we have only seen him once and that was to get shots. Everytime my special needs child has a medical need he is never available and I have to see a PA or other physician. This office is too busy to receive quality care, which is why we are leaving. 	5	4	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
1	-1	I am actually also looking for a new ped. 1st the staff here is always helpful when you talk to them on the phone or in person. However, do not leave a message, of the two I have left I have never received calls back. 2nd, we have been seen at this office for the past year and only 1 time did we see Dr. Bakerink. We usually get Candace, and although she is nice, I am concerned they do not fully know what is going on with my dd. She has special needs & I am concerned they are so busy they are unable to provide the appropriate care and individual attention due to the volume of patients. As for the previous comment, the floors are dirty & the toys are questionable. We are looking for a new dr.  	5	2	2	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
1	1	Dr. Bakerink is great.  Too bad you only get to see his PAs.  He is hard to get to see.  His PAs don't stay either.  The office is very, very dirty.  The office staff has turned over a couple of times.  I really like him but everything around him is not so great.  I still go to him but am starting to search for another doctor.  I really wish they would clean the floors and wash the toys once in a while. 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
1	-1	BEWARE! This doctor does not give all recommended shots and may not tell you. According to Candace, a physicians assistant in his office, he does not administer the PCV7 shots. These shots protect from a string of meningitis that can cause deafness, blindness and missing the shot is the #1 reason that children die from this string of Meningitis. The American Academy of Pediatrics and the Nevada State Health Department both recommend giving the series of 4 PCV shots. When I called his office, Candace told me they do not give it because they are unhappy with ALL OF THE INSURANCE REIMBURSEMENT RATES and that they put a sign up telling people to get it at the health department! In checking with friends, all of their pediatricians DO GIVE THE SHOTS! 	2	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	During my visit I felt that I was treated very well.I would absolutely recommend this doctor to my family and friends.  I felt this visit was an amazing success!Overall I would rate this visit : outstanding! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	During my visit I felt that I was treated very well.I would absolutely recommend this doctor to my family and friends.  I felt this visit was an amazing success!Overall I would rate this visit : outstanding! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	I moved to this area in 1997 and went through three auwful dentists before finding Dr. Bauter. I found him through a suggestion from a dentist on a dentistry newsgroup: he suggested calling a loacal periodontist and asking them what dentist did good crown work. I also checked two references and interviewed the dentist. He was willing to meet with me and hear my questions and concerns before I had to spend any money on an appointment. He also discovered that my previous dentist's work was faulty and assisted me in going to mediation before the dentistry board. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	Annabel Barber performed emergency laproscopic abdominal surgery on me about 10 days ago.  She is a superb surgeon with a heart of gold and a bedside manner equal to no other doctor I have seen in my lifetime.  You will be blessed by her personality, skill and tremendous knowledges.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
3	1	She is my favorite Doctor in the world.  I trust her entirely.  Professional , Compassionate,  Good friend and great bedside manners.  She is everything you are looking in a doctor.   A+ 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
3	1	She is truly the best doctor.  She goes above and beyond for her patients.  I have known her for 14 years and she has always been there for me. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	Dr. Barber is one of the best (if not THE best) doctors I've ever visited. Her caring holistic approach to encompass all aspects of the medical needs coupled with your best friend  type of care and compassion is simply amazing. Warm, knowledgeable and quick she makes a difficult situation almost fun! She is the nicest lady who ever took a knife to me! I have not had any issues with the staff, but then I try to engage them and  get to know who they are as I do at any Doctors' office.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
3	1	I have had Crohns Disease for over 54 years and many surgeries.  The best doctor and surgeon I have ever had is Dr. Barber.  I will never use any other surgeon as long as she is available.  She is knowledgeable, informative and always returns emails and telephone calls.  I would recommend her without reservation.    Joyce Nielsen 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
3	1	Dr Barber, is a great surgeon. I woul recomend useing her. She saved my life and did a great job dealing with my insurance co. 	4	4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	Dr Annabel Barber has a great bed side manner, very helpful in many ways she takes the time to explain things. If having surgery I would only recommend her she the best, She great at what she dose. I found her after having surgery done by a quack! wish i found her first thanks Dr Barber, U saved my life!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	Dr Barber is an excellent doctor, she is caring and she takes time to explain and educate you about your health. I would strongly recommend this doctor!!! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	One of THE BEST Surgeons in Las Vegas. Not your typical surgeon but an Awesome Human being! Great listener, Superb Communication skills, VERY sweet, warm, compassionate and Fantastic Surgeon. I would rate her +A all the way. She is an extremely talented surgeon. Without hesitation I would trust her for ANY surgical procedure and highly recommend her to all.The staff however, it is a different story: unhelpful, uncaring, unfriendly. 	1	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	I LOVE Dr. Barber. She takes the time, she takes the time to really listen to your concerns. She did a major abdominal surgery on me. I just do not care for her office staff and her assistant. They are not nearly compassionate with clients as dr. barber.  	1	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	Dr. Barber performed two procedures on me in 2008. She has excellent technical skills. She also is a warm and compassionate person. I appreciate her genuine concern for my welfare as her patient. It was refreshing in many ways, to deal with such a thorough professional as Dr. Barber. I appreciate how she listened to my concerns and thoroughly answered my questions about the medical procedures.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:AARP
3	1	She is the nicest woman who ever took a knife to me! When I'm there I feel as if there is nothing else except my well being on her mind. A very, very special doctor. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	I have been Dr. Barber's patient for several years. She has repaired a hernia, taken out my gallbladder and performed a colonocopy on me.  Each time I have been very well treated. She is very patient, understanding and thorough. I would highly recommend her. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	I have been under Doctor Barber's care for over two years     She saved my life..I don't believe anyone else could.. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	Great staff and great dentist!!! Very pleased!!! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	Dr. Basa is the most down to earth caring doctor.  I highly recommend him to anyone who needs an Internist. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	Excellent physician.    Caring compassionate involved 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	Very friendly, didn't act like he was in a hurry, very professional 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	A wonderful, caring, extremely knowledgeable physician.  Front office a little lax at times--some messages have not been forwarded.  Mail Order Pharmacy has trouble when requesting a fax. If I have to wait beyond my appointment time it's only because someone has had an emergency, and the nurse comes out to explain the delay, which is fine me.  I have received excellent care and Dr. Basa saved my life several years ago for which I am very thankful.  Wouldn't want anyone else taking care of me.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
5	1	Compassionate, intelligent, well-educated, Dr. Basa truly listens and responds to his patients.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
5	1	Dr. Basa took his time with me. He showed kindness and compassion. He was very knowledgeable about my problem, and made sure I understood every aspect of my care. His front office sucked though and his nurse is stale. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	Very nice and helpful staff. Long wait to see Dr.Baron but it was worth the wait.  	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
6	1	Been taking Both my daughters to him for almost 18yrs.  I completely have trust and confidence in hin him like NO other physician! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
6	1	Dr. Baron is the only Gastroenterologist Pediatrician in Vegas. I found him to be nice and knowledgeable. However, trying to get an appointment with him does take a while. Usually takes 4-6 weeks after making appt. to see him and the wait time in office doews take between 20-90 minutes.  But are you to do when he is the only one in this specialty&#63; 	2	1	4	4 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
6	-1	There office staff is just MEAN.  Nobody can ever help me out with my questions. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
6	0	My longest waiting time was when we arrived for our 12:00pm (noon) appointment and he finally arrived at around 1:50pm. There weren't many clients either. For the last few weeks, he's kept me on the same medicine but just upping the dosage by ten and nothing helps! His plan B is a different medicine that does the same thing. Hopefully he'll realize that the next medicine isn't working (if it doesn't) before I end up on the floor because of my pain.  	4	1	4	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
6	-1	Dr. Baron has a huge ego. He does not listen to his patients. He is inconsistent with each office visit. I don't think he reads his charts before going in to see his patient.  Also, his staff is extremely rude I would not recommend this office to anyone.  	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:CIGNA
6	1	Nice man. He took the time to answer any questions we had. We had to wait in the waiting room for 40 or so minutes (happened twice).  	5	3	4	4 	Insurance:Aetna
7	1	excellent doctor 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	I look forward to every appointment.  I love the atmosphere and all the people rock. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	-1	This dude runs a personal injury mill for attorneys.  He is a thief.  I paid $60 to ride a stationary bike for four minutes and they called it therapeutic exercise.  I had a bad back an did't get any adjustments or care plan.  Later found out they faked my treatment records.  AVOID!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
9	-1	I came in to recement a crown that fell off and the exposed tooth was pretty sensitive (especially to the cold). The doctor used a &quot;temporary&quot; cement to reattach it, but failed to mention that it was temporary. I paid almost $200 (plus extra $$ for cleaning) for a super-basic, 10-minute procedure and the crown fell off again after less than 4 months! When that happened, I called back and he said that he had used temporary cement because of my sensitivity to the cold, and that he was not responsible for a crown he didn't make in the first place. He said he would need to examine me again (for another $200, of course) and was unwilling/unable to discuss his plan of action over the phone. He even yawned a couple of times. My overall impression is that he is completely uninterested in his patients, but extremely interested in the cash. Also, when I paid the first time, they &quot;inadvertently&quot; charged me twice and only reversed the charges after I complained. 	3	3	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
9	-1	Bad Bad Bad-- If u want to live in pain this is the guy.. I walked in pain free and have been in pain since one week after my appointment.  (.JULY 2011)  I now have to sleep with a night guard..He changed what he calls the landing in my mouth for NO reason at all.. Not what I went there for......please find a different dentist for your sake.   again I repeat I walked into his office pain free I only picked him because he calls himself a holistic dentist.. 	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
9	-1	I went there for my TMJ problem.  He told me there was nothing wrong with my jaw and it was just a bite problem, so he did T-scans.  They did absolutely nothing for me and I'm stuck with this soft and chewy mouth splint that made it WORSE.  He's clearly not educated with TMJ and needs to go back to school.  Now that I have a new TMJ Specialist who did a CT scan of my skull, guess what&#63;  My jaw is COMPLETELY messed up.  I'm so glad I opted for a second opinion and switched!  I was tired of being made to feel stupid and like my pain didn't matter.  Stop telling me to get a chiropractor and a nutritionist and address the problem at hand, not pass your patients off to other people. 	3	3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	Dr. Bell and his staff were very helpful. I have a large fear of the dentist in which his staff was very patient. Although I was in pain and not working at the time they made every attempt to get me out of pain. In fact this was not just my impression of Dr. Bell but also another patient that I spoke with in his lobby. She stated that her and her family have been coming to him for over 10yrs. So not only was I happy first time patient but he seems to have many happy patients. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	-1	I went in for TMJ treatment. He said if I pay to see the chiropractor(she is really over priced and not covered by insurance) he wanted me to see, then he will treat me. I already have a fantastic chiropractor, but he refused to let me use my own if I wanted his treatment. His treatment plan costs upward of $7,000. This is crazy since his plan does not institute any new ideas v.s. any other specialists, ones out there that charge a alot less. He talked to me like I was stupid, eventhough my TMJ has been an issue for years and I have seen other doctors who helped me a lot. Too bad I moved & they do not live in this town. I let him know that I was very educated on TMJ & up on the new procedures available to me. He was not interested in these procedures, but instead wanted me to take him up on his plan. He seemed more interested in only treating one of the issues of TMJ, instead of attacking the whole problem, so I that my TMJ doesn't get worse into old age. I do not recommend him.  	1	5	1	3 	Insurance:CIGNA
9	-1	Terrible experience, I screamed when he tried to numb me up. He hit a nerve, I have never been hurt so badly in a dentist chair. He took out two old amalgam fillings, and put in plastic. But I think I still have problems, one of the teeth is sensitive to heat and cold. I noticed a black little hole on the side of one of the teeth he just re-filled. I asked him what it was, he said a stain. I believe he left a cavity on the molar he had just worked on. Dr. Michael Bell is a terrible dentist, even though he is supposed to be holistic, I would not recommend him to no one!!!!! He didn't believe I had fibromyalgia either, and was very insensitive. He used reverse psychology on me, to finish the work, after I had screamed from the injection! Saying he couldn't leave me with a hole in my tooth, after taking off the temporary filling. Well you left a hole called a cavity in my tooth! Terrible experience! 	1	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	You can't find a nicer person. He is the most caring Dr. I have ever met. You will not regret the service you will recieve during some very tough times. He will be there when you need him. I can't say enough about him. His staff is #1 could not have found a better person to take care of our daughter. Thank you Dr. Bernstein thank you 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	Best Peds Hem-Onc in Nevada, caring, on time and has a wonderful clinic location ans staff.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
10	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	-1	Don't waste your time because Dr Baker will waste yours! He is very unhelpful in helping work through pain and in offering suggestions or in prescribing medications to modulate/alleviate symptoms and pain. 	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
12	-1	I am a new patient, just here from CA. I waited 10 days only to be informed that he wasn't taking any new BCBS customers. I am NOT happy having to wait that long to be told this. The staff seemed clueless and only after numerous calls over the 10 days did they call back.  	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	0	Doctor Barton is a wonderful doctor.  I am lucky to have found him.  I have been in Vegas for 17 years and have seen many doctors, and no one compares to him.  He is the best.  My only probably is his staff. They are not very helpful on the phone and have taken over a week for get a message to the doctor per his request on my last visit and they still have not returned my call.  	3	4	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	1	This is the best doctors office in town two locations, used this office for 3 years or more. High volume of patients but worth the visit. Because they take care of billing correctly, have lab on site, care about their reputation as competent and on task. How they get it all done I don't know, I do know that by going to this office I save hundreds of hours managing my multiple issues medical health. I wish they had their own insurance as I would fire the company I have now. Doctors and staff that have it together, NOT AT All like those offices that hire lazy workers who act like they are doing you a favor by taking your insurance card. Five star really. One more thing go get your blood drawn the lady there did it before you figure out it's done. You think oh it's going to hurt and shes holding the exit door open so you can go have a nice day. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	Doctor is outstanding but staff leaves much to be desired.  The doctor is extremely knowledgeable.  	2	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
12	1	His intervention during my husband's hospitalization most surely saved my husband's life. Highly intelligent, excellect diagnostician, good trauma background, excellent bedside manner. Las Vegas needs many more like him.  	2	3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
12	-1	I researched doctors in my area and Dr. Barton came VERY highly recommended.  When I called his office, they said he was booked for about 6 weeks.  I said that was fine, I could wait.  They never said Dr. Barton was not accepting new patients.  They took all of my information, including a brief medical history, and said they would &quot;submit&quot; it to Dr. Barton and that a scheduler would call me back.  They called back today and said, &quot;Oh, sorry, Dr. Barton's not taking any new patients.&quot;  I feel very frusrated that I took my time to research this doctor and decide on him only to either A) have his staff be very unhelpful, or B) have Dr. Barton apparently decide that I am not worth taking on as a patient. 	1	3	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	He has been my doctor for over 5 years. He is very open, easy to talk to, listens carefully to my questions and concerns and treats me with dignity and repsect. He recommendations for specialists, when needed, have been excellent. My only concern is that he cannot be easily reached. One has to go through his nurse, who returns calls but it may take up to 24 hours.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
12	1	he is incredibly caring, thorough,and he takes his time with you. you never feel rushed.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
12	1	In a nutshell, he saved my life. He's a very compassionate doctor, very easy to talk to, and easy to understand. I felt very comfortable from the moment I met him, I sensed his sincerity, and I am alive and sober because of him. I will forever be thankful to Dr. Barton. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	Has been my doctor for about two years. Had a potentially serious condition that he observed closely. Office staff is a bit to strict in getting through to him. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	Great Doctor,takes his time with you, talks to you. Really cares. Treats you like a person and is concerned about how you're feeling. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	I was covered by Health Plan of Nevada and Tricare. I was referred to Dr Barbarash and her staff for an annual cardiology exam and a nuclear treadmill stress test.  Everything went smoothly and on time.    The staff was friendly and helpful.  Although this was several years back, I remember Dr. Barberash because she is a  very good cardiologist.  I always remember the good doctors and the bad ones.  My only regret is that my company switched employee insurance policies forcing me to go with their new list of doctors which Dr. Barbarash was not on.  Anyway, she was one of the professional ones.  She did not rush the consultation, she answered all of my questions and she left me feeling good about the consultation.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
13	1	Wonderful &quot;bedside&quot; manner. Knowledgable, explanations easy to understand, didn't hurry me, listened to me, and answered my questions.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
13	1	Very nice disposition. Shows alot of consideration for her patients. 		4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	Very knowledgable. Takes the time to understand your concerns and answer your questions. More doctors should follow her lead. Always up to date on the newest break throughs and is willing to try the non traditional to get the answer if necessary. Love her. She improved my health when others told me it was all in my head but she found what I was allegic to with thorough testing. 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	She saved both of your lives after being told by 18 other hospitals and doctors to take me home and let me die I was walking in less than 8 weeks and recovering since My husbands Chemotherapy was canceled We will never trust anyone else we know is has the hands of god it is sad that more Doctors are not like her 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	She ran very late behind appointment time, but after seeing how she spends so much time with each patient I understood why. She will ask many questions to get a clear picture of what is going on with you. 		1	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
15	-1	This Dr. misdiagnosed me, was told by two other doctors that I went for a second opinion that Dr. Bazemore was 'flat wrong'. It cost me a good deal of money to find out he was wrong. Thanks Dr. Bazemore for your lack of knowledge and care, didn't even have your office follow up on your referral.  You really need to go back to school. 	2	2	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	My family loves this dr.He knows what he is doing.I trust him.I have 3 kids and their pediatric only opens mon-fri.must make appoin.even if very sick.very incov. but w/dr. bazemore I feel safe& walk-ins are o.k.  he really is professional 	3	3	4	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
15	-1	I don't think this doctor has a clue! Had to return two times after initial visit...wouldn't give test results over the phone. He never remembered what my circumstances were, and didn't seem to have a clue what medicines he had put me on or why.  Said he was waiting for the results of a stool sample test to come in, and I had to tell him that no one had ever asked me for one...so he had me do it after being on three antibiotics for six days...don't think the results were valid after that! He never asked questions, couldn't give good answers to mine. Never examined me in any way...well he did listen to me breathe twice, great...I was there for severe gastrointestinal problems. I have never experienced such incompetence in a doctor's office in my life. His nurses were nice, but I'd like to know where he received a medical degree.  Do not go to him!! 	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
15	-1	I went to the ER in a hosp. that my surgeon was performing a surgery at the time, I passed 3 other hosp. to go there because his office said to go there so my Dr. could help me. Well after waiting 6 hours & telling them that his office said to call him in surgery he had already left. Well after a lot of complaining Dr. Bazemore had his PA contact my Dr. and my Dr. gave him direct orders on what to do, well the PA was totally nice then Dr. Bazemore intervened & went completely against my surgeon & wouldn't even give me the perscriptions I was told to have so I told him to keep them & left, what a waist of my time & let's not forget I was in horrible pain, I even had no feeling in my right leg.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	-1	this doctor does not know much about tests or medications. i have copd and out of the three stress tests you can order for a copd patient, he gave me the one i shooldn't have had, the treadmill. he then saw that my oxygen level was at 86 and i had to ask for something to help my breathing, he ordered the medicine you put inside a nwebulizer but no nebulizer. he also put me on lexapro which could cause suicidal tendisies mixed with my trazadone! i had suicidal thoughts that were very hard to get rid of.     a few days after i was there when my oxygen level was86, my neighbor who works at a place that sells breathing equipment tersted me and i was on oxygen by thay evening and she brought me home a nebulizer also. a week later i was in the er because i could not breath....... this man is a dangerous doctor in my opinion.  	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
15	-1	This man did not recognize my daughter had type one diabetes until days later.  Fortunately, we went to the hospital immediately after he recommended we just go home.  I'm not sure what kind of nutritionist he is, but I am left greatly unimpressed with his medical knowledge.  	2	2	2	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
15	1	We have been going to him for about 3 years. He has always been caring and if he didn't know the answers to our question he found them. This state has some very poor Dr.s and earn their bad reps, But he is one of the better Dr.s . 	5	3	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
15	-1	I went to this doctor to try to get medical supervision for weight loss. They asked me for my insurance and never said it was a cash only program. Two days later they are calling me and threatening to send me to collections because they didn't collect the $200 CASH!!!! (Why were they asking me for my insurance if it was a CASH only program--good question.) As part of the weight loss program, Dr. Bazemore prescribed me medication that causes a level one reaction with one of my prescriptions. According to the pharmacy, that is the most severe reaction rating available. The pharmacist said that there is no legal or ethical way she could prescribe the medication to me. So now, I am going to have to fight with these idiots aver $200.00 because they didn't do their job right and the DOCTOR PRESCRIBED A DANGEROUS MEDICINE TO ME. We specifically asked if there were any drug interactions and we were told no. DO NOT GO TO THIS DOCTOR.  HE IS TERRIBLE AND HIS STAFF IS ABUSIVE!!!!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
15	1	Very good doctor. I felt cared for by his staff and front office. I like that they make follow up calls to see how I'm doing.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
15	1	Excellent service and felt great about the medical care I recieved.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
15	1	i think he is very good he got me in very quick. he is very caring funny. he also helped me.  i was really sick and i feel much better now!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	0	I don't like to be treated like brainless cattle. When I ask for a cholesterol test, grant me the dignity that I know what I need without your approval.  	1	3	1	4 	Insurance:Aetna
15	-1	Dr Bazemore,    not only treats his patients like cash cows.  But he treats his empoyees, like dirt. Consistantly belittling them in public.Not giving proper direction to the MA or the patient.  He forgets to give his patients instructions and their prescriptions and then orders unecessary procedures to collect extra money for his own proffit.  He does not care about his patients and/or his staff only about how much money he can make off of them.  If you see him beware he will double charge you for procedures you have not had done to you and illeagaly charge your insurance company.  Make sure you check your insurance bills after you see them.  Because I know first hand of his scams and money swindeling policy's. 	5	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
15	-1	Went to Bazemore fore severe chest pain.After waiting for almost one hour, he saw me for 1 minute  or less rushing in and out of the room. He ordered an EKG through his helper. I never heard back from them ever. The guy is a joke and a danger to society. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
15	-1	he ordered mri and ct scan and in office ultra sound for just a headache.  Not a good doctor,  I don't know how he got his license. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
15	-1	Orders test extensively extensively and inappropriately because it is an extra income for his office.  The PA James is good, Dr Bazemore is very difficult to communicate with.  It takes months to get lab work back and you need to be the one to follow up because they won't.  His staff seems like they have very little experience.  Always a long wait when you go in there.  	4	2	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	-1	I wasn't impressed. Very little knowledge of chronic illnesses, like FMS - wanted me to stop taking pain medication and to start receiving B12 injections from his office at $20 each. Would not let me have my lab work done independently, which ended up costing me $250 extra. Did not know how to spell the name of a common thyroid medication and a common antidepressant. Probably fine for someone with insurance and a simple problem, like a sore throat, but that's about it. One positive note - his physician assistant seemed very knowledgeable and capable (moreso than the doctor). 		4	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	It seems to me that there is a problem getting up close to his patients and monitoring closely 		3	2	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	Dr. Black has been my allergist for about 2.5 years. I have at St. Mary's PPO Plan.  The first time I saw Dr. Black, he did ran a lot of allergy skin tests. I believe it cost me about $800 or $1,000. I checked around, and this is the standard price for a full run of allergy skin tests in the area. It is good to know what you are allergic to, even if the allergen is not common to this area, in case of travel. It also costs for my allergy injections, which insurance covers a good portion. I believe my portion for two shots is $14 per week. I find the shots well worth this price.  Dr. Black is smart, friendly, and caring. I trust him.  His staff is pleasant and they are friendly as well. Even though there are a few negative posts on this site I do not agree with them at all. Dr. Black is one of the most competent and caring medical practitioners in this area, and anyone that is unhappy with him would be unhappy with anyone. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	-1	The office was rude, arrogant. Dr. Black charged #700.00 for allergy test that took 30 minutes. He said I was allergic to Russian Elm Tree. There are no Rusian Elm trees in Nevada. 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	A kind, gentle man.  Dr. Black actually sits down with you and listens to you.  For established patients, he will give you an emergency appointment on a moment's notice.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	-1	Dr. Black just wants to run as many tests as he can and out you on shots. His staff can be rude. 	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Black's for over 10 years.  I have always found him to be very concerned regarding my health.  This is one doctor I can count on to be there for me when I need him.  Wouldn't see anyone else! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	I have had felt much better since going to this office.   Dr. Black is very knowledgeable and spends time listening to me. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	Dr. Black always sees me the same day when I am sick   and call for an appointment. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	-1	Dr. Black did not any real treatment options for my symptoms and never discussed skin testing or use of perscription allergy medication. He seemed out of touch with current treatment options and was unwilling to allow me to be part of my own healthcare, often spending only the minimum required time with me. I never felt like he cared enough about my health. In addition his staff was rude and unfriendly. 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
16	-1	Ran expensive allergy test that were unrealistic to exposed things here in Reno/Sparks. After all were negative said there was no problem, although I am still being medicated for serious symptoms. Staff was nice, he was unsympathatic to serious suffers. I really felt brushed under the rug.  		3	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
16	1	Have seen over several years with many different insurance plans. He has always been wonderful to our family and given free samples of meds.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
16	1	Dr. Black is the nicest allergist you will find in the area! My allergy symptoms completely resolved under his care. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	-1	He ran all these tests & then told me it was seasonal allergies. Despite the fact I was referred by a ENT doctor. Not better & still paying for useless tests.  He skined tested for things that are not common to Nevada Climate- what good is that&#63; 		3	2	2 	Insurance:Anthem
16	-1	This doctor was truly uncaring, unhelpful, and rude. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	He is an amazing doctor.  Committed to providing the most up to date care.  I recommend him without qualification to anyone needing a neurologist.  The only problems I have had are due to the worst telephone system I have ever encountered.  I took me 4 tries to get to a person, automation should be designed to make it easy.  This system makes it extremely hard and is very unfriendly.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
17	1	I think he is knowledgeable, I do not think he has a great bedside manner but I do think he knows what he is doing, he has not been able to help me with my problem but he is making a galant effort 	4	5	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
17	0	The staff was amazing and understanding. I was extremely scared...had what I was told 2 seizures within a 5 day period by Renown hospital staff. Got in to see Dr. Bigley after 30 days of having a grand mal seizure. Dr. Bigley told me that the ER doctors didn't know what they were talking about and said that he has been doing this for 30 years. As stated in other comments his bed side manner, he has none, if you don't have a medical degree you wont understand him. He did not explain anything and didn't want to hear what I had to say about my episodes. Left office in tears with no answers! Would not recommend this doctor to anyone who is young, scared and needs to have things explained... he has a high opinion of himself! 	5	4	1	4 	Insurance:CIGNA
17	-1	AWFUL! When I left Bigleys office I felt like crying. This doctor was so rude, almost as if I had done something wrong just by being in his office. He was scolding me for informing him that certain medicines in the past had not been successful for my migraines. You would think that a doctor who sees’patients with pain would have some form of compassion or at a minimum a professional demeanor.  So I left with prescriptions that I already told him I’ve taken and have not worked so I won’t be filling those and I have no prescription for acute pain so I can get some relief. I now have to try again probably wait another month or two to be seen and pay more money to maybe get a doctor that has the basic knowledge of patients with migraines.    Only migraine suffers can ever really properly treat and understand other migraine suffers. I hope someday the will put more money into the studies of migraines so we sufferers can stop being improperly treated.     &quot;I do not recommend doctor bigley&quot; 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	-1	The gal at the front desk was pleasant and helpful, forget the rest, including Dr Bigley. No bedside manner, rude at best and kept interrupting me! Ive seen him twice and Im done. Sorry, I agree the guy needs to retire.  	2	1	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	0	This Doctor prescribed medication that hospitalized and nearly killed his patient. His response &quot;oh well&quot;. Even before this he was rude and does NOT listen to his patients. He did seem knowledgeable. However, this goes beyond bad bedside manner. This is dangerous. This is not meant as an attack, this is a fact and others need to be warned that his oath of &quot;first do no harm&quot; is not something that he cares about.  	2	2	1	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	Dr. Bigley did a great job of making my son feel relaxed.  He kindly explained to him about his injury and how long it would take to heal.  He made my son feel like he was his most important patient. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	Dr. Bigley is a great physician.  As others stated, he does not sugar coat the issue.  He is direct and to the point and he DOES care about his patients.  My wife has been under his care for a few years now and we trust him thoroughly.  One of the best docotrs in Reno.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	Excellent physician. He is very thorough, explains complex medical facts and conditions clearly and concisely. He has a quiet sense of humor, and although somewhat shy, is very personable. I am very satisfied with his treatment and I highly recommend him as does my wife who is a nurse.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
17	1	He has been my mother's doctor since she moved up to Reno with me 7 years ago. My mother has MS, and I was told Dr. Bigley deals with a lot of MS cases. He is by far the best neurologist in the area (at least for MS). He knows what he is talking about. Yes, he doesn't have the best bedside manner at first, but once you get to know him, he is wonderful. He really goes out of his way for his patients and their families. I couldn't ask for a better doctor for my mother! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	-1	very rude and all knowing, ha..  most questions answer was i dont know.  thats all right, but give a consult to someone who might know or be willing to try to find out what is wrong. needs to listen to patient more rather than keep nose in chart  poor bedsid manner..  seek other neuro dr...  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:HealthFirst
17	-1	He has alot of important things to do besides care about the patient.  Hes got certain expectations his patients should all meet.  They are required to have at least one course in Health history and a degree in biology. Patients are expected to know what he needs so he can properly diagnose you... sarcasm here.  but be prepared 	3	4	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	I have known Dr. Bigley professional and as his patient.  He was the first doctor to diagnose my wife's Frontal Temporal Dementia.  He is a brillant,knowledgeable physician.  There is no one better on the West Coast.  Yes, he just tells it like it is, no sugar coatings.  If you want sugar go somewhere else, if you want answers he is your man. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	Dr. Bigley doesn't waste time or words. He is very knowledgeable and professional. He answered our questions and explained things. We were both impressed with him. He and his staff were punctual, friendly and helpful.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
17	-1	I tried to schedule and they were rude. I am done right there.  No need for this in our future 	1	3	1	3 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
17	1	A different perspective:  If you want someone to hold your hand, see another doctor.  Dr. Bigley is blunt and to the point.  I like those qualities in a doctor and admire them.  He is a neurologist and one of the best if not the best in Reno.  He does not &quot;baby&quot; a patient.  That's ok, because I want to see a specialist for his or her diagnostic acumen and treatment skills.  There is no better than Kim Bigley.  No, his bedside manner is not the best... so what! NO ONE fights harder for their patients than Kim Bigley.  He will not tolerate sloppy work or incompetence by technicians, nurses or other doctors if you are fotunate enough to be HIS PATIENT.  My wife has been his epilepsy patient for nearly 20 years.  She has had more than one well meaning comment from a &quot;friend&quot; asking her why she sticks with Dr. Bigley.  The simple truth is he has provided and continues to provide the finest neurological in patient and out patient care available.  He is, plain &amp; simply, THE BEST! I trust him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	-1	Very rude man. He needs to retire, I will not go back.  When you are ill, you don't need to be treated the way he treats patients! 	5	4	1	2 	Insurance:Aetna
17	1	HE HAS BEEN MY DR FOR OVER 15YRS.. I HAD BRAIN SURGERY IN SAN FRAN & HE WAS TO BE MY OVERSEER DR HERE IN RENO I LIKED HIM AND DECEIDED TO STAY WITH HIM.. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	-1	Dr. Bigley has a bedside manner that makes it seem as if he  thinks he is too busy to deal with patients' questions, and that everyone else is more stupid than he is.  In our case, he missed some very important clues that should have helped him pinpoint the cause of our problems simply because he kept cutting us off as if what we were describing were unimportant.  We had to go to another doctor to get a diagnosis and treatment.  Trust me:  Choose Dr. Lewey (sp&#63;) instead if you're shopping.  	3	4	1	2 	Insurance:Medicare
17	-1	Extremely rude man. When I asked questions regarding my symptoms he had no replies. One question he even put his hand out and stated &quot;I don't know anything about that, next question&quot;. Made me very uncomfortable. Because my file states past &quot;depression and moodiness&quot; he automatically treated and acted as if everything I was feeling was &quot;all in my head&quot;, &quot;anxiety related&quot;. Made a fuss when I asked for an MRI to be done stating there's nothing wrong with you. MRI won't show nothing. Wrong. Had it done through another doctor. A lot of findings and presently having further testing. A lot of white matter found with 3 possible diagnoses. Worst doctor I have ever encountered. So far there is a definite nerve disorder with surgery likely soon. It took a woman doctor to figure this out. Go figure.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	1	Dr. Bahoora and his staff have been extremely helpful with any issues I've had over the years - whether it's soreness, aches, or any other back and neck issues.  They treat the patients  like family and make sure you're feeling better and satisfied before leaving their office. I recommend Dr. Bahoora to friends all the time, and I wouldn't do that if I didn't have complete faith in what he does.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	1	. simply the best in town 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
19	1	Dr. Banich's staff are exceptional and most of all very helpful and kind. As for doctor Banich, he is the best doctor you'll ever be comfortable with. i love him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	LAS VEGAS IS LUCKY TO HAVE DR. B.     My second lifetime surgery was with Dr. Banich. He is a terrific man who really is a special doctor. He's professional, caring and courteous. My hernia surgery was less painful than the last filling I had done. His staff was also on the ball, as courteous guest service as I could expect for the overwhelming number of patients they go through. Everyone really goes above and beyond to provide their service including the staff at the Southwest Surgery Center. Wonderful Experience, Thank you again Dr. B and staff.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
19	1	In Oct 2009 Dr Banich repaired a hole in my bladder due to an infection starting with diverticulitis that had been ongoing for along time.The orginal repair went fine but because of the infection being in my body for so long I ended up becoming septic due to other leaks in my intestines.Dr Banich stuck with me while in Valley Hospital for over 2 mos.He did 12 procedures on me.While poison in my body nearly killed me he and his team took me into the o.r. every 48 hrs washing out the poison.He did all that on his own time.He saved my life.After being moved to another hospital he still came to ck on me every week and he wasn't on staff there.I was in the hospital for 6 and a half months total. What a wonderful human being.I still have 2 more surgeries coming up and I wouldn't dream of anyone but he and his team doing these surgeries. He may be late in regards to office visits but he saved my life and had perfect timing!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
19	1	. very empathetic takes time to talk to you have not had surgery yet so no comment 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
19	1	Excellent MD.  Did surgery for breast cancer on me.  Did a great job.  Is caring, kind, & compassionate & great surgeon.  Answers questions, takes time with you.  Highly reccomend. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	-1	I was a patient of Dr. Terence Banich.  I had breast cancer.  He performed two operations on me to remove the cancer. When he was done my breast looked great!  I went to another Doctor to get a second opinion.  He requested that I have a mammogram done.  When complete the report mammogram and biospy showed that the cancer was still there.  Due to the the cancer not being removed orginally, I lost me breast.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	Such a pleasant and competent Surgeon. No bad experiences at all and have recommended him to others.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Pacificare
19	1	The poor rating on Dr. Banich was due to the wait. I will tell you this Dr. is well worth the wait. I believe you may have to wait because he actually takes TIME during your visit to personally care about your problem. I never felt rushed with him and felt that he took a personal interest in my diagnosis and treatment. In a state where good Dr's are hard to come by and great Dr's are nearly non-existant, I would say if you have the chance to see Dr.  Banich, it will be well worth your time! 		3	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
19	-1	Very late. staff didn't explain or give the option or rescheduling. Rude. Didn't explain anything.  Sought out another MD 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
20	1	Dr. Baffoe-Bonne is very caring, and is very knowledgeable. I am so glad he is my dr. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	-1	Terrible .  Took my grandaughter to her.  She entered the room and stayed all of two minutes.  she never even examined or looked at the area of concern.  She just repeated what I told her and said  she needed a certain medication. One of the worst doctors I have encountered ever. I will not be returning.  	5	4	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	-1	This was the worst experience I've had at the doctor's office. To say that Bellew is cold, is an understatement. She came in for five minutes, standing as far away from me as possible and then handed me a list of products to buy. The products she suggested were the ones that the Pharm Reps have told her to push on her patients. When I went to the pharmacy to fill my prescription, they were appalled at her suggestions and told me it would be over $600 with insurance, to get everything she prescribed. All that for a little overnight acne. I don't have enough characters to talk about her love for CerAve face products, but needless to say, she overhyped it and then told me it was a must buy, despite its similarity to dozens of other over the counter products. When I expressed concern over her 2-3 month healing timetable (again, for minor acne) she refused to offer any explanation nor sympathy. Her nurses were extremely nice and did a better job answering my questions than she did. Avoid.  	5	5	1	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
22	-1	Dr. Barney and his staff are not helpful and they do not respond to phone calls from pharmacies or patients. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	Saw him as a consult in the hospital, couldn't have had a better doctor. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	-1	I was assigned Dr Barney as my primary care provider 2 years ago. I have never seen him. Every time I have an issue, Oh the wait is 2 months, go to quick care. 	 3/8/06		1	1	Insurance:Unknown
23	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
23	-1	This &quot;doctor&quot; required me to do a urinalysis prior to my consultation without telling me about this practice prior to having me pay for my appointment and having me sit in the doctors waiting room. She then took less than 15 minutes to look at my charts and tried to prescribe a medication that could have caused serious harm without a care or concern about the potential problems it might cause. She did this without fully understanding my case and having all of the data to make a logical assessment.  It was one of the most humiliating and degrading experiences I have ever been through in my life. No one deserves to be treated in this manner.  	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
23	-1	STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE !!!the staff was very young and unprofessional.they made me wait a long time in a  very unconfortable small room ,they were rude and the place smells really bad.Dr BASU was rude,unhelpful,she didnt want to listen to my problem but just rather give me a shoot in my back and  rush me out of there. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
23	0	. WOW TWICE i HAD A APPT AND SHE WENT ON VACATION ,THERE DID CALL ME AND LEFT ME WITH NO MEDS ,HOW CAN U DO THAT TO SOME ONE 	1	2	2	3 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
23	-1	All she wanted to do was give me injections...which i had already had and which did not work. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	Dr. Basu was very nice and caring.  She looked through my chart and cared about my other halth problems that make my pain worse.  She wants me to get better not just give me tons of medications.  I used to see another Dr. in town.  Although that one was in town longer had this big office and a surgery place which was easy to get too, they never listened to me.  I feel so much better than before. thank you! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	Office staff - Wend calling office for information or to make appointment no one answers the phone or will call back when I leave my a message.  They do not follow thru on referals.  DR. BAUS IS A WONDERFUL DR., but her front desk and referal desk has a lot to be desired. 	1	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	Dr.Basu has been my physicain for 2 years. when I lost my job due to chronic pain she still was able to treat me wihtout insurance. If you are a person living wiht chronic pain you will be relived to see Dr. Basu. She listens to you and finds the best treatment plan to fit your pain management. She understands what pain is and she is very good at making you feel much more comfortable. She has helped me very much and I am very thankful for her treatment. The office staff is also very accomidating. If I'm in need to see the doctor, if I'm not feeling good they will find time to fit u in their sched. Thank u Dr. Basu!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	Dr. Basu listened to me and did not rush me. She is very caring and helped me get out of my pain. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	I was quite surprised to see this young handsome Doctor come into the room.  He spent the time necessary with me to go over my X-rays.  He explained to me the treatments options I had and the future outlook of my condition.  He respected my decision on not having one treatment he suggested.  I deceided on having the Rooster gel injection he also recommended.  I would highly recommend this Doctor because of his bedside manners, time spent with me to answer all my questions.  I felt I can trust him to treat my condition.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
25	1	Once I finally got in to see the doctor (3 hour wait) he seemed knowledgeable and helpful. He told me to come in immediately if I had a recurrence of pain. I did have a recurrence and when I called, his staff told me that &quot;he prefers to focus on building a new patient base and wants to limit follow ups&quot;. They grudgingly gave me an appointment almost a month away. Terrible service and terrible staff. Good luck if you go to him. 	1	1	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	Waiting room is a torture chamber for patients with bad backs: DDD, Spinal injuries, arthritis, etc.  Waiting time normally 2 or more hours AFTER appointment time.  Staff is friendly and personable, which doesn't take effect until you enter the office area.  Had to stop seeing him because of the pain involved from the long wait in the waiting room.  	4	1	3	5 	Insurance:Tricare
25	1	I have received a great amount of pain relief through Dr. Bein's knowledge and skills.  	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
25	1	Very kind and easy to talk to. Very knowledgable and provided me with good options other then jsut taking pills. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	-1	Poorly run office.  You can't see the doctor after the initial visit.   They don't explain anything and just give prescriptions 	1	3	2	1 	Insurance:Anthem
25	1	Dr Bien is a good doctor if you can see him. Whatever you do DONT see his PA Markey Hand. She's terrible. Worst physicians Assistant I've ever seen anywhere. I'd rate Dr Bien much much higher if he didn't have her as a PA.  	2	2	4	4 	Insurance:Aetna
25	-1	would never go back to him.he partly disabled me. not a good doc in my opion.  	 11/3/10	1	1	1	Insurance:Medicare
26	-1	My visit was for my yearly well woman exam.  I arrived 15 minutes early, was assigned a room, the MA took vitals and prepared the room in a timely manner.  I then sat naked and waited for Dr. Baldo for 25 minute past my scheduled appointment time.  She came in and apologised and explained that there was an emergency next door. She then took 10-15 minutes to do my entire physical, include my pelvic and pap, and said thanks and attempted to walk out.  I stopped her because I had a question, she tried to make another quick exit.  I stopped her again for a perscription refill, and she bolted out the door.  I still did not get the opportunity to ask her about this funny spot on my shoulder. When I complained about the treatment I recieved it took 3 months to recieve an apology from the office manager.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:HealthFirst
26	1	I like Dr. Baldo, she's a little hard to understand sometimes but I think she's a doctor that genuinely cares about her patients and wants the best for them. 	3	3	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
26	-1	. 0ne time would say one thing, next time something else, uncompassionate with pain issues 	2	2	1	2 	Insurance:Medicare
26	1	Very kind, very interested in helping me.  Listened to everything that I said, considered everything that I said, responded to everything that I said.  She was not in a hurry, she was never terse or disinterested.  She genuinely cared for myself and my wife and is an excellent doctor. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	Doctor Baumgardner was very attentive to me as a new patient and was very knowledgeable of every issue I brought to his attention.  He provided me with a referal very quickly.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	1	Dr. Baumgardner listened to my concerns and addressed them appropriately.  His advice was sound and logical for dealing with the symptoms I am experiencing.  He seems very knowledgeable.  He did use medical terminology which might otherwise be difficult to understand in layman's terms to describe possible causes of the symptoms, but I'm not complaining.  For the first time in a long while I feel comfortable actually talking about my health concerns with a physician.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:HealthFirst
27	1	He was thorough and kind=......................... 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	What a fantastic doctor. I have a very difficult case involving a venus stasis wound.  So far so good. I believe I have found the best vein doctor in the west. My first doctor in NY was one of the founders of sclerotherapy, so I know what I'm talking about! Run, don't walk to this man if you have any problems.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Assurant
28	1	Very pleased with the results from my sclerotherapy treatments 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	-1	 	4	4	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	Doctor Bashy worked on my varicose veins last year(2011)....I had the big fat rope-type ones and my legs look great!  I follow up now with schlerotherapy on the spider veins and keep them looking good.  I am very happy with the results.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	1	I have been twice to Dr. Bashy for large veins in my legs on the first occasion and spider veins on the second.  It was a first rate experience both times.  I found him to be extremely competent and professional.  Also, his fees were clearly conveyed in writing and by the way, it was 1/2 the price compared with Atlanta from where I moved 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	-1	.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
28	1	Dr. Bashy,                        Thank you and your staff for all your help with my procedure last week. 5 weeks ago when I first felt the pain I had no idea what to do. I called around and ended up at the wrong type of Doctor. Thank goodness she sent me to you. As I left her office I called your's and was told come right over. Everyone was really friendly and helpful as you examined and did a ultrasound on my leg.   You explained every detail, fitted me for a stocking and I made my next appointment.   Here was a real Doctor who was thinking about what was best for me, and not the Insurance Company or the price being a factor.     The procedure went great and I was told what was going on start to finish. The next day for my follow up I was happy to tell you most of my pain was gone.  I will definitely be back again. I just wanted to say to you and your staff, thank you for giving me faith in doctors again.                                 In appreciation,  Lori Callipare 	 8/16/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	My primary Dr referred me to Dr. Bashy for my veins. Im so happy that I went to see him. He made me feel so comfortable and answered all my questions. My legs look so beautiful now and no longer in pain or embarrassed!! He also did Botox and Fillers on me and Made me look so MUCH younger!!!I RECOMMEND HIM TO EVERYONE!!Thank You Dr. Bashy :) 	 8/10/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
28	-1	Dr. Bashy may be good with leg veins but he should NOT practice plastic surgery on peoples faces!!!  I went in for a second opinion on my spider veins.  He asked if we could get started today&#63;  Being less expensive than the first Dr. I agreed.  Seeing botox and juviderm brochures in his office I asked questions&#63;  He was very eager to use my face for &quot;fillers&quot;.  He had given me an overall price for botox, juviderm and laser on my overall face and neck.  He began the very 1st session the same day he did my leg veins for the 1st time!  He was very rough and used no pain killer on the right side of my face.  It hurt so much he gave me injections of novacaine for the left side of my face. He did not finish do to lack of time but he charged me the full amount.  I had someone else who knew what they were doing finish what Bashy started.  When I went back a month later for my leg check up Bashy tried to charge me the full amount, refusing me follow up treatment on my legs. TERRIBLE! 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	.  	2	5	2	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	1	Dr Bashy changed my quality of life. I went to him with severe varicose veins and numerous ulcerations on my ankle. The sclerotherapy he did cleared up my ulcerations and closed my vericose veins. He is the BEST !  John Bahr las vegas 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	I've been going to Dr. Bashy for years and he is amazing!  I've never had any issues and he is always courteous and professional.  I've seen him for spider veins and come back every year or so for a touch up.  He is a great Doctor! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	Good doctor. He was able to completely remove all of my spider veins in my legs, & a few on my face. I would definitely return. I was very pleased. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	I had my hip replaced by Dr. Baldauf on April 24, 2012, it has been three months.  I was in serious pain for about 10 years and the pain is completely gone.  I had a slight limp and I have put a small insole in my in my heal and I walk perfect. There are so many things I could not do before my surgery and am amazed at how quickly I am recovering.  My life and attitude has completely changed because of Dr.  Baldauf and I am forever greatful 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
29	0	Had simple clavicle resection and developed a staph infection post op.  He blamed it on an allergic reaction to the gel they put on the cut bone. Ended up having 4 more surgeries to clean out infection.  He delayed referral to an Infectious Disease doctor and I only ended up seeing one when I went to the ER because I didn't feel good.  Had a three day hospital stay, picc line inserted, etc.  When my home health nurse called his Surgery Assistant to tell him I was in the hospital, his only comment was &quot;he just couldn't wait, could he&#63;&quot;  No concern for me whatsoever.Agreed to a sixth surgery to revise my scar with the agreement that he would explore what was still wrong with my shoulder since I still had pain.When I woke up, he stated he didn't want to mess around in the shoulder so he just did the scar revision. I finally went to a quality Dr. and had a torn labrum repaired which is most likely related to all the additional surgeries.If you value your health, stay away from Dr. Baldauf. 	3	2	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
29	-1	Let me wait for over an hour and then again in the patient room.  When I saw him and asked him when my hips will get better he just looked at me and said when your knees get better.  did not do a thorough examination. 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
29	-1	I should have gone with my first instinct &amp; not choose him as my DR. My knee is much worse than before surgery.  He did not want to listen to my complaints after the surgery.  He said I must have developed a new problem.  A new problem that arised suddenly right after my surgery. Is that a coincidence&#63; He lied and said I would be back to work in two weeks and be able to bend my knee(I cannot even after a year without pain &amp; less strength than prior to surgery). He makes you wait at least an hour in the lobby and then another when in the room. His asst. is one of the most unprofessional &amp; rude that I have encountered. I tell everyone when getting on the subject of doctors, not to go with Dr John Baldauf. He is NOT a good surgeon. I can handle rude bedside manner if the doctor is great, but to be rude and incompetent is unacceptable. Beware! Stay far away from this doctor! I developed so much more pain in my knee after surgery. I am now looking to have surgery again with another doctor.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	0	My mother had both of her hips replaced by this doctor.  With the first surgery he left her with a limp and said she needed to see a &quot;gait&quot; specialist to retrain her walk.  Then he replaced her second hip and said he would compensate for the limp.  Sure enough she now has yet another limp on the other side.  The physical therapist assigned to help her really dropped the ball, missed appointments and rarely showed up.  When my mother had questions about the limp the physical therapist said &quot;well you better not have a limp or else you could sue&quot;.  He said it and laughed but then I think he realized what he said and he only came by for one very brief visit after that and my mother never saw him again.  Very disappointing. The doctor stopped by to see my mother once in the hospital (the first surgery) I am not sure he stopped by after the second.  My mother and I both found his PA very nice and helpful.  	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Medicare
29	-1	This dr.was the most insulting Dr I have ever seen.brought my MRI but he felt no need to look.I was in so much pain I was crying no sympathy here sternly asked just why are you crying.As I read these reviews I realized his rude behavior is quite common place.His rudeness will keep me from going back.I thought he was just rude but the rating he got clearly state he is also a very bad doctor.  	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
29	-1	I have two friends that have been either scoped or had surgery by Dr. Baldauf in the last six months.  Both patients are still in severe pain.  Neither one has seen the doctor post-procedure, only his VERY rude and uncaring P.A.  My friend that had hip surgery is scheduled for a revision because her hip is over an inch shorter now and is in constant pain!  When the P.A was questioned after physical therapy recommendations, the P.A. responded by becoming irritated and berated the physical therapists.  My husband is a physician and we would never refer a patient to Dr. Baldauf.  He seems to be uncaring and his P.A. (the person that does all his post-op), treats patients with total disregard.  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Aetna
29	-1	Beware of this kind doctor who call himself professional. The way I seen him, he is irresponsible, negligent about the patient who care about only to make money. I seen him only on the first visit for about 5 minutes when he told me I need operation on my right knee with out seen the MRI result only his nurse looked that. I haven't seen him before the operation, and I have no knowledge who made the operation on my knee, nor he didn't show up on the follow up doctor visit, only his assistant nurse who made a quick military check up, who told me strait your leg, bend your leg with my jean on, then she told me looks good, you can go back to work to do your regular job. After that the doctor reported to the Insurance Company the operation was successful, could return to work doing the same job with out any knowledge what type of work I have to do, nor what is my duties.  	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
29	-1	Last year I put my trust in this doctor, and have been suffering the consequences of that trust ever since. Once he put down his scalpel after my knee replacement surgery, I was unceremoniously assigned to his PA, who has rude down to a science! I was treated as if the problems I was experiencing were in my head, and in their opinion, my head was empty.   They have continued to stall me and still have not been contacted to correct the pain and agony I am in every day. Neither the doctor nor his PA have any bedside manner. It's get in and get out, don't bother me medicine. And, if you complain, nobody cares! If I knew then, what I know now, I wouldn't take my dog to see Dr. Baldauf! He's an excellent doctor, if you want to end up a cripple! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
29	-1	I am 72 yrs.old. In Feb. of 2007 I had a total Rt. knee replacement. Dr. B. told my daughter, while I was in recovery, that my knee was smaller than he thought it would be and he thought he was going to have to wait 15-20 minutes to get a pediatric prosthesis, but he didn't. He put in what he had and guess what&#63; It's too big. I am going to have to have a revision, probably in the spring of '08 when my daughter will have time to spend with me in Iowa. This knee thing will have taken 1-2 years of my life, which I can ill afford at my age. I have constant pain and limp. How I wish he would have waited the 15-20 minutes to get a pediatric knee. Also, it was very hard to communicate with his office per phone. Finally I learned to leave a message with his assistant and he would eventually call me back. It was a very disappointing situation all the way around, and I can hardly bear the thought of having to go through it all again.  	2	2	2	2 	Insurance:Medicare
29	-1	Had to have my surgery redone after this one put wrong sized materials in. Had no bed side manner whatsover. Spent as little time possible with patients and if I had questions, I was referred to his assistant who than had to go ask the doctor and come back to me with the answer. 		1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	Dr Bachman is a great dr she is so caring and she will always spend time answering you questions she even calls you back to discuss you results with you.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
30	1	Dr. Backman is a great doctor. She is concerned with your well being and is in no hurry to get you in and out. She will spend time with you discussing your condition. She is nice and personable as well as extremely knowledgable.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
30	1	She is SO great, I just love her. She is very compassionate, on time, SO caring about you as a person. The most efficient running Dr. and office I have ever been to in my life. Follow through is great, you will know what to do every step of the way..Dr.  Bachman even calls me with my lab results! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	-1	dr.beckman didn't sew me up at all,after an episiotomy, I asked another doctor if this was normal and he said no that not being sewn up at after an episiotomy was very strange, I still don't know why he didn't sew me,and it hurts me deeply that a doctor could care so little.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
31	-1	I would not recommend this doctor. I had a very bad experience with him. His bedside manner was awful. His answers to my questions were very inconsistent and he was just plain rude. When we were unable to detect my baby's heartbeat at 6wks1day he said I needed to have a D&C; and that &quot;shit happens.&quot; I have found an amazing, caring doctor in Reno and will not bother being seen in Fallon again. 	3	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	Great doctor, wonderful staff, highly recommend. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
33	-1	5 visits in to trying to get his recommended treatment he was trying to send me to the pharmacy to pick up my own injections. Really. After jumping through all the hoops he refused treatment. Never again will I go here. 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	friendly, fixed me fast!! would recommend.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	1	Very knowledgable and easy to talk with. Of the 5 primary care docs I have had in the past, he is definitely the best 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
34	0	Middle of the road doc.  	4	3	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	-1	In a nutshell: Overbooked, runs behind schedule, rushed, rude, &amp; condescending.  And why is it so dark in the waiting room and so hot in the patient rooms&#63;  Never going back.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
35	1	FIRST CLASS DOCTOR, STAFF WAS GREAT AND HELPFUL MY WAIT WAS VERY SHORT LESS THAN 15 MIN. DOCTOR WAS THROUGH.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
35	0	I arrived @ office @ 1030 for my 1100 appoimnent. It is currently 1150 and I have yet to be put in a patient room. Will repost after appointment (if it happens before I die of boredom) with my opinion of doctor.  	3	1	3	3 	Insurance:Aetna
35	1	I trust Dr. Bettencourt - her knowledge is exceptional  I survived Melanoma many years ago and she continues to watch over me with an expert eye.   She is the best! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
35	-1	For the 2nd time I am sitting in her office an hour and a half after my scheduled appointment time with the same blank-eyed receptionist giving me the same well-practiced excuses for it  and implying that I am being most unreaonable if I think it is the leat bit unusual. Everyone here is right. This doctor is dismissive bordering on rude when answering any medical question. I came in for a suspicious new mole on my face and she made me give her $150 right there on the operating table before removing it because it didn't &quot;look cancerous.&quot; Outrageously mercenary. Condescending.  	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Tricare
35	-1	She ignored the itch on my back which has been driving me crazy for a couple of years and getting progressively worse and ordered removal of something on my nose which isn't there. She doesn't like when you ask questions. She is dismissive and I thought of reporting her to the medical board.  	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
35	-1	We got to the office and were directed to come to the back right away. Then we were left standing in the hallway (there seemed to be some confusion going on). Bettencourt was SUPER RUDE! She actually walked away from me while I was talking to her and she continually interrupted me while I was trying to talk. She seemed very rushed. I wish they had just said they were not taking on any new clientele or something. I will not go back there. 	1	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	just a few good chioces in las vegas...she knows dermatology! 	 10/5/11	5	3	5	Insurance:Unknown
35	-1	Dr. Bettencourt has no patience,  She took a mole off my chest 6 moths ago and it is still red,BIG and irritated. The wait is long and the staff seems like they don't care.And she just can remove one mole at the time, she just want money.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
35	1	Dr. Bettencourt was wonderful - very helpful in every way.   she has great hands! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	1	I liked Dr. Bettencourt, but need to find a dermatologist who will zap moles, or little bumps without an extra charge.  I have been to dermatologists in California who don't charge extra for this service.  Maybe it is different in Nevada.  	5	5	3	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
35	-1	I was going to Dr. Bettancourt for the first time.  I had to wait 1 1/2 months for my first appt.  I had to leave work early and when I got there the very smug receptionist informed me that they no longer accepted new patients with my insurance.  She was not in the least bit apologetic that she had wasted my time.  Very unprofessional staff.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
35	1	this Dr. is a very rare find (DUKE),she sees as many patients as staff overbooks,shes one of the best drs,in an area underserved,and specializes in surgery,MOHS,cancer and psoriasis. tehre may be a scar if are alive and skin cancer is found! 	4	3	4	5 	Insurance:Humana
35	-1	This is my personal experience with this doctor. I found my visit with her very frustrating, in that she did not listen carefully to what I was trying to tell her and kept interrupting me and speaking over me. By the way she spoke to me, I concluded that she is one of those physicians who thinks you know nothing about your own body and she knows everything, even though she is seeing you for the first time. I found her arrogant and authoritarian; not at all the health &quot;partner&quot; I wanted. I felt very rushed (not unusual among doctors) through the exam, which I did not think was thorough at all. I found her extremely lacking in empathy, and felt highly disrespected by her. I will never go back to her.  	3	4	1	3 	Insurance:Medicare
35	-1	Dr. Bettencourt has no patience with any questions and really gets irritated if you want to know more information about procedures and lab tests.  She took a mole off my back a year ago and it is still red and irritated.  I ask her about this and she didn't like it. The wait is long and the staff seems incompetent.  I have a huge scar on my back from another mole she removed. 	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	Dr. is a excellent sugeon and saved my life...what is more important...&#63; 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	-1	.  		1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	0	This doctor lasered off one of my moles that looked suspicious. This was over a year ago and till this day I still have a large bump that will not heal. Not to mention that everytime I scheduled to see this doctor, I would end up getting her PA instead, very dissapointed with that.  		2	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	-1	Went there for my first skin cancer check. I'm Irish and have many freckles, but, she didn't listen when I told her that one of them was not a mole. Asst. lasered it off.(too deep,apprx. 1/4&quot; and the size of a nickel)I ended up with cellulitis, and 5 mos. later, still not healed and getting ready for surgery with a board certified plastic surgeon to close the wound. (Oh, It took 3 months to get the pathology results; never had skin cancer, it was just a FRECKLE.  grrrrrr) 		2	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
36	-1	Sarah Berger is a PA at Nellis AFB.  I have gone to her twice, both times she either misdiagnosed (gave me 4 prescriptions for environmental allergies when a different doctor three months later ended up treating me for chronic bronchitis) or disregarded the root symptoms altogether.  She routinely &quot;anchors&quot; her initial diagnoses, meaning she hears a few symptoms and decides what the prescription based treatment is without taking a full look at the history of the problem or any additional factors.  Also, she is quick to treat symptoms and not root problems.  For example, she'll gladly give you a prescription for heartburn without questioning what may be causing the heartburn.  	4	3	2	2 	Insurance:Tricare
37	1	He is the most compassionate Dr. I have ever met.   He saved my sisters life 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
37	1	Very knowledgeable, correct treatment plan for his patients; great listening skills; high asset for the community to have him available; very caring for patients &amp; family 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	Dr. Bady is really nice, although he is OFTEN RUSHED. Very knowledgeable.  	3	1	3	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	1	He's caring and knowledgeable.  My whole family use him and loves him! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
39	1	I travel a lot for work and getting into a doctor on my schedule can be challenging. He was direct, efficient, and knowledgable. I did have to wait in the office but I always get in when I need to be seen. Most importantly he addressed and helped me with a problem that others have not for over a year. w 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	Dr. Becker operated on me because of my obstructive sleep apnea and allergies.  He is a good ENT surgeon and very knowledgeable.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
39	1	I had been sick for a week with a throat infection. I had seen my primary care doctor but was not getting better. By Friday evening I was feeling worse. I called Dr. Becker. After several questions and a look at my throat he changed my medications. I told him I was breastfeeding. He immediately called my pediatrician to make sure the were in agreement with his treatment plan as it could affect my milk. He then told me he would meet me at his office on Saturday to see how I was doing.  Both my husband and I are impressed by his knowledge, care and concern 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
39	1	While the office was busy, all my questions were answered. He actually examined me (not my experience with another doctor!).  He was concerned about doing the right thing - and least costly to me as in the ecomomy today it is an issue for all of us! 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
39	1	I saw Dr. Becker a few days ago for a vague throat irritation that had been on going for months.  He immediately diagnosed a serious problem and went out of his way to arrange surgery to diagnose the problem.  His staff set everything up and was incredibly helpful.  I recommend him whole heartedly.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
39	-1	my grand daughter failed her hearing test when she was born.was referred to dr becker she failed twice in his office on 2 visits. he told us he was not concerned about it and bring her back in 5 months.She failed that one too.he gave us a referral to another doctor. it took alot of back and fourth with his office to get the results. finally was told my GRAND DAUGHTER is hearing impaired. I was told by a number of people that after her 3rd fail test in the hospital and 2 in his office he should of got the ball rolling to get her the help she needs.he cost her 5 months that she could have had the help she needed. This needs to be caught early in the hearing impaired so that they don't fall behind. I would never take a newborn to him for a hearing test. We always thought she was hearing noises so we thought she was ok. it was dumb of us to listen to him.newborns are fitted for hearing aids and start speech therapy. now we are almost 8 months behind.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
39	-1	Saw doc seemed nice gave samples for several meds. Called for prescription after samples were gone had to call 2 times no one responded. week later they finally called them in. Came back so he could do a scope. Nurse didnt explain that numbing solution numbs your throat so freaked a little when I thought I might be having a reaction or something. She came back as an afterthought to tell me not to eat or drink anything because it causes choking. Would be funny if it wasn't so annoying. After scope waited for him to tell me what he saw but he got up and took a phone call right in the middle of my appt. really&#63; came back several minutes later and said we were done. told me nothing.i asked several questions as he walked away from me. seemed annoyed and blew me off. pushed his allergist. very uncomfortable office. hes very dismissive. wish I had gone to better doc. Office not all that clean either. felt uncomfortable and unwanted. Waste of time and $.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
39	-1	I will skip all the negative things I could say about the man, and the doctor - both substandard and will go straight to the mis-diagnosis of a tumor where his idea of a biopsy was obviously flawed!!!! I waited weeks after he received the  pathologists report for the results (I finally had to call my primary care physician to get them) In all He made me return 3 times and 8 weeks later, he told me he didn't do surgery because there was not enough money in it for him.  So thankfully I was referred to another surgeon who was perturbed when he saw the pathologist report because the info was incomplete and as it turned out erroneous - The new doctor sent me to a competent pathologist (as opposed to a 2 second needle draw in his office) and it turns out Beckers diagnosis of clean was incorrect and I am now looking at a diagnosis of lymphoma with surgery and chemo, maybe radiation, etc..  If I had listened to Becker and counted on his sloppy work I might be on life support as we speak! AVOID! 	1	3	1	2 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
39	-1	.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
39	0	I only been to him once and I would probably go to someone else next time due to his personality. 	4	3	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	For years I was afraid of the pain I had been told that accompanied sinus surgery so I put it off until I had to have it.  There was to my surprise no pain as I took pain meds for the week after along with an antibiotic and am so happy I found Dr. Becker as now I can breathe well and my nose is clear.  All that worry for nothing. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	Dr. Berelowitz seemed cold and harsh the first time I saw him. Now years later, I realize how busy he must be with all his patients different needs. He always remembers every conversation we've ever had and is constantly offering new ways to help &quot;fix&quot; my current health problems. His staff seems a little too busy to deal with everyone, but when you see his patient load, and realize we're all angry people you have to cut them some slack.  Bring a book, be patient and wait for some of the best treatment you'll recieve in las vegas 	3	1	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	1	. Sometimes a longer wait time,but staff very helpful &amp; kind,Doctor is very thorough and knowledgeable , 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
40	0	Really worst staff I ever met. You have to be lucky to get a call back. And most times nobody is answering the phone. Dr. Berelowitz does good work but doesn't like to listen. Finally I took my results (he ordered) and went to another doctor - because of the staff.  	1	2	1	4 	Insurance:Aetna
40	-1	VERY RUDE STAFF.  NO ONE ANSWERS THE PHONE - YOU HAVE TO LEAVE A MESSAGE AND HOPE SOMEONE CALLS YOU BACK. IT TOOK THREE DAYS! WILL NOT TAKE APPTS UNTIL AFTER JUNE. THEY WILL CALL IN JUNE TO MAKE AN APPT FOR AFTER HIS VACATION.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
40	1	Dr. And staff are the best, and it shows every single time we've been.  They are polite, helpful, and genuinely interested in their patients' health.  Wait time is to be expected from one of the nation's top dr. Still not too bad.  Dr's advice and recommendations have directly improved the quality of 2  family members' lives.  For that, I'll be forever grateful.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
40	1	Waste of my time. Just very incompetent staff. Dr fair.  Bit strange and not what I was lead to believe by referral.  	1	1	3	4 	Insurance:Medicare
40	1	This doctor saved my life after visits to more than 14 doctors who just thought I was nuts. He knew what was wrong with me in the first 5 minutes. I owe him. He is one of the best doctors in Las Vegas. Count your blessings if he is your doctor. He cares or he would have retired by now. All my respect for this man. If not for him I would have been dead in a few weeks. I have worked with doctors all of my career and they are just people. There are a shortage of doctors in Las Vegas that is why there are such long wait times. 	2	4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
40	-1	He has been my doctor for several years and he always seemed competent, although not particularly helpful.  He always asks the same questions, but never really addresses any questions you ask him.  I recently had a malignant brain tumor surgically removed and my wife called repeatedly for assistance while in ICU (my blood sugars were consistently in the 500s).  He never helped or even bothered to call her back.  Went to see him after I was released from hospital for help with maintaining blood sugar during radiation and chemo - again no help.  I needed his assistance/advice dealing with the situation, he provided absolutely no help.  Needed a new pump to help manage situation (mine was 5 years old), my insurance wanted letter from him explaining why it was needed.  Medtronic wrote letter the next day, a month later he still had not submitted it.  Good times! 	2	1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
40	-1	.  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Medicare
40	1	The reviews that the doctor is great but the staff is really bad rang true for my visit.  The front desk woman was very nice, but they are so incredibly disorganized.  I have spent hours trying to follow up in advance to ensure my records were there before my first visit and they said they didn't have them when I arrived. Then they tried to blame it on me for the fact that my appointment was canceled and they had filed my records under the original appointment date.  What&#63;  Wouldn't they be under my NAME&#63;  And they are the ones who canceled my appointment (which I'd waited 4 months for).  They canceled the DAY before.  I had to reschedule for a whole month later!  Then I waited about an hour and 20 minutes, well, actually over two hours including the half hour they asked me to arrive before my appointment time!  The doctor is very thorough and seems on top of his game.  The staff does not match.  He needs new office staff, for certain.  	2	1	4	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
40	0	Think Dr is competent...staff not so much. Heard rumors re long waits...TRUE! Also got impression his personal affairs are bigger priority..maybe reason you wait and wait.  	2	1	3	3 	Insurance:Medicare
40	0	The only word to use is arrogant.  The staff, the wait, but dr is good. I would never reccommend this dr to anyone.   Read the reviews; you the customer are not important 	2	1	2	4 	Insurance:CIGNA
40	1	I have to say I trust this doctor completly.  He is very good at what he does.  You do have to make your appointment like three months in advance just to see him.  When you get there for your appointment you do have to wait a long time before you are called to the back, where you wait more. He does answer all your questions and is very helpful. Possibly why you have to wait. The staff on the other hand is quite rude, they don't want to be bothered with you. While in the office I have seen a few of the girls get quite rude with patients in the office and on the phone. This is a very busy office, but I have been in customer service and dealing with the public for many years and this is not the way people should be treated, no matter how busy you get. But you are not coming for the staff you are coming for the doctor and he is the best. 	2	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
40	-1	Long waits and loud chat among the doctor and his staff...seems like all are using megaphones..felt like other patients could hear my personal medical info...while the exam was competent and dr seemed knowledgable..felt like he had too many personal calls while i was waiting over hour and half for the visit....not particularly professional staff...unusual office style. 	2	1	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
40	-1	This doctor looked like Michael Jackson moonwalking out of the examining room while I was trying to ask him questions about my condition (thyroid cancer). He said the nurse could answer the questions but she had no clue.  I was scheduled at Valley hospital for a radioactive iodine treatment but his staff neglected to contact or get insurance approval so the hospital wouldn't admit me even though the drug had been ordered and was at the hospital and had a time limit on when it could be used.  He should move back to South Africa permanently. 	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	This Dr. is the best that I have ever had. As one of his thyroid cancer patients, he has monitored me and always checks me out throughly as if it is the first time he is seeing me.  He takes the time to listen and I can't say enough good things about him.  It is hard to get an appointment with him but he is worth it.  He saved my life.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
40	1	THE BEST ever. Got my A1C down from over 13.0 to 6.5. Always tells you what your blood tests say. Always listens to you when you have a problem.  He is worth the wait.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	1	I like him.  He's wonderful.  Listens to you and is very knowledgeable.  Made me feel very comfortable.  I use him for as many medical needs as I can.  If I had my way I wouldn't go to any other doctor, except for my cardiologist Dr. Lambert, who I also like very much.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
40	1	In the year I have been treated by him, I've only seen him twice - the nurse practitioner the other 2 times.  I know he is considered the best, and I personally like him and he is knowledgeable.  Maybe he should cut back on the number of patients he sees since getting an appointment is extremely difficult.  Also the medical assistants take longer than 48 hours to return calls.  J.E.  	3	1	4	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
40	1	I was highly impressed with Dr.  Have only seen him once, but he was the most thorough of any doctor I have ever seen.  Well worth the long wait to get an appointment - I understand why it is so long, as he is so good.  I look forward to having him as my Dr. 	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	This doctor really knows his stuff. When im not feeling well he gets to the bottom of things. He is very booked, but so worth the wait. He cares about my thyroid condition and getting to the bottom of my weightgain. He is really a great doctor!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
41	-1	Very rude and confrontational. Treated me like I was a malingerer without even knowing me. Asked why I waited till 3am to come into the emergency room. I told him because I couldn't take the pain and lack of sleep any longer. They're open 24 hours. What difference did it make&#63; When I mentioned it to the RN after his consultation She said &quot; He hadn't had enough sleep&quot;. perhaps he's in the wrong line of work. My initial BP was around 130/90. Immediately after my visit with him. The automatic BP machine showed a BP of 190/120 obviously something upset me. This was also after the RN gave me something for my BP which is always somewhat elevated during office visits. I take my BP several times a day, and it averages 116/70 pulse 70. I am a former EMT intermediate. So I have an accurate sphygmometer. and know how to use it. I am a 64 year old male. 	5	5	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	Dr. Beynosa saved my life in an emergency situation.  She is highly qualified to do any surgery.  She has performed 2 complicated, very involved surgeries with terrific outcomes.  There were no infections acquired. I highly recommend her, her staff, her residents that she teaches. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	HE IS THE BEST DR. THAT I HAVE EVER HAD. HE WAS ALWAYS THERE AND ANSWERED THE QUESTIONS I HAD TO WHERE I KNEW WHAT HE WAS TALKING ABOUT.  THANK YOU FOR BEING A WONDERFUL DR.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
43	1	We were vacationing in Las Vegas when my husband became seriously ill and needed surgery. We searched online for a surgeon and Dr. Bhatnagar had high ratings so we requested a consult with him. From our initial meeting with Dr. PK (Bhatnagar), we knew we made the right decision. He is extremely knowledgeable and most important, has a great bedside manner. He was always willing to answer our questions and we never felt rushed. We would highly recommend Dr.  PK! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
43	1	Dr. PK is the best...straightforward, very knowledgeable, professional, great bedside manner.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
43	1	Excellent job.  Very professional, great hands and little to no aftersurgery pain.  Ofice vist excellent, i would recommend DR &quot;PK&quot; to anyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
43	1	Dr. Pankaj K. Bhatnagar did my Laparoscopic Gall Bladder removal Oct. 21, 2011 at Summerlin Hospital. In my opinion, it was perfection and I was only in the Hospital overnight as I had 2 attacks the previous day. He was very helpful in all aspects of the surgery and answered all questions I had to satisfaction. All the things he told me I could do and eat were SPOT ON! If you want a great Surgeon check out Dr. PK as you will enjoy your decision in seeing him. He is a straight talking no nonsense and truthful Surgeon.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
43	1	Very good Doctor. Fantastic Surgeon! Dr. PK new what needed to be done, and clearly explained the procedure.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
43	1	CHECKED ME OUT EXPLAIN WHAT WAS GOING ON AND WHAT TO DO TO CORRECT PROBLEM.VERY GOOD RESULTS OUT OF SURGERY.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
43	1	Dr. and staff were all very friendly, helpful, and knowledgeable. A pleasant experience for me.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
43	1	Dr 'PK' flat out saved my husbands life! When my hubby was on his death bed - along came Dr PK. He was a strong calming voice of both sense and reason. His confidence (tho humble) was so evident that I had no doubt about my decision to have him perform the pancreatic surgery. He fully advised me of all complications that c/arise and of our survival odds, as this was a very life threatening situation. To this day he is a very tentative Dr that really cares about you no matter what!! He explains things well and and he always leaves you feeling assured everything will be alright! :)  He has a very kind and caring staff also which is so rare these days. Wonderful surgeon and just a fantastic Dr. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	Dr PK did my surgery for colon cancer. He did a great job. Took the time to talk to me and make me feel comfortable about the procedure.  His office staff was nice and I was in and out of my appointments quickly! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
44	1	BY FAR THE BEST DOCTOR IN LAS VEGAS, SHE HIT ME RIGHT ON THE MARK AND OFFERED ME A LOT OF ADVISE THAT OTHER DOCTORS NEVER WOULD,I WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND HER... 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	Shes a very good psychiatrist i would know ive seen a few. I would definitely reccomend her.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
44	-1	.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
44	1	This doctor was very knowledgable upon our first visit she was friendly and made us feel like we have much to learn from her. We were worried about our daughter and she put us at ease. We had little time but she managed to gain so much information out of that little time- can't wait to go back!!! 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
44	-1	.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
44	-1	Doctors are supposed to help, but she did the opposite.  I went to see Dr. Baig in a desperate situation and all she did was see me perfunctorily each time and then over-medicate me to the point that students could see my hand tremors across the classroom, I gained seventy pounds, I slept up to sixteen hours a day, and I was still severely unstable.  She told me that I would never be any better because I was bipolar--I had to accept it.  I'm fortunate to have found an amazing doctor after her who told me that bipolar disorder is a very treatable illness and that he would get me stable.  He did.  Staying with Dr. Baig would have killed me, either from toxicity, suicide, or adult onset diabetes from overweight.  I will harbor a resentment against her for the rest of my life.  That's because she almost ruined my life.  I hope someday I can get over what she did to me. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	I saw Dr.Baig for 10+ years.  She is a very knowledgeable, compassionate Doctor and she knows her field well. I highly recommend her.  You might have a wait to see her, but it's worth it.  I could care less about her 'veil' or religious choice. What I want to know is the Dr. knowledgeable in  her field...YES! I was treated like a guinea pig with constant med changes until I found Dr. Baig. She diagnosed me and had me on the right med combination instantly!  I thank her and respect her to the utmost!  Go Dr.  Baig! 	2	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	0	the office never billed medicaid correctly so she sent me and my husband to collections I just called and asked the staff for medical records with copies of prescriptions and the lady laughed saying that once I was no longer being seen there the file went to storage and there was hundreds of boxes there so there was really no way of telling how long it would take. I asked if she kept records on the computer and she laughed again I asked her how long it takes to get medical records and she said she did not know because no one has every asked that before. Not to mention they are only open 4 days a week on select hours and never even near on time I would check in go to lunch and come back and till wait to be seen.  	1	1	2	3 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
44	1	In my experience over several years she always arrives at work at least 1/2 late, takes patients in order they sign in, not appointment time.  There are long waits of over an hour.  She can't remember from one appointment to another what she has done with me before and has difficulty finding it in her notes.  Staff turnover is high.  She has started to ware a vail; I like to see who I am working with. For all that she does seem to be a very caring person and wants to help her patients. 	2	1	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	Shameful that our society has been reduced to a bunch of whiny, selfish and self centered people like the previous posts. My son has been a patient for 4-5 years. Wake-up, welcome to Las Vegas. We don't have any type of mental health system. We are very fortunate to have Dr Baig. I have worked in Psych wards and Hospitals for years and never have I met such a compassionate, understanding and articulate Psych Doc that can/will speak to you on your level without making you feel intimidated. She really cares about the short and long term well being of the children and adults alike. Try picking up a book and get educated about the issue before you seek out her advise and you may walk away with a better understanding of your illness. She has kept my family together through tough times and we will always remember what she has done for our Son. Thanks Dr Baig for spending the time when we need it and really caring about what you do. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	Good Doc...the most unprofessional office and staff I have ever seen. 3 appts to be rescheduled, all 3 she was 2 hours behind. Accepts walk ins regardless if people have legit appts. 	2	1	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	Her scheduling is not the best, but Dr. Baig is a caring doctor who knows her stuff. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
44	-1	Dr. Baig is always late seeing her patients.  I was scheduled once for 7:30am and she didn't even arrive until 8pm and there were already patients waiting.  I waited 2 hours sometimes and never spent more than 5 minutes with her.  It is my personal opinion that I was wrongly diagnosed and recently went off all the meds I was on and am doing fine.  	1	1	2	1 	Insurance:Aetna
44	-1	There is a reason that this doctor has no waiting list and other good ones have a 3 month waiting list to see. The office management is horrible. They lose and &quot;misplace&quot; files. Their accounting is atrocious. They have told me to pay for visits that I have already paid for, but they insisted I pay because they had no records of me paying, until I showed them my credit card statements saying I already had. She charges an extra fee to fill out any paperwork. Scheduling is horrible. For example, she has a 1pm appt, a 1:10 and a 1:20. Whoever shows up first sees her first. So if the 1:20 shows up at 12:50 and the 1pm shows up at 12:55, the 1:20 appointment will see her before the 1pm appointment. And of course, appointments are never on time. She usually runs 30-60 minutes after your actual appointment time. At best, you will be sorely disappointed, at worst it will be one of the most regrettable decisions concerning your health care. &quot; 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
45	-1	 	5	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	Personable, kind, compassionate, and knowledgeable with helpful advice that can produce results if the patient is willing to work with this doctor as a team!  I have had amazing results in our therapy and I would recommend this doctor to those in need of therapeutic services.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
47	1	I had a severe compound fracture and met Dr. Baker in the ER.  I was in the hospital for a week and had multiple surgeries to clean the wound.  I'm very lucky he was the surgeon on call that night as I believe he saved my foot.  He and his staff are amazing and compassionate.  I would highly recommend him to anyone. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
47	1	As i have said my first visit was very dissappointing but my next visit was very different. He explained to me everything I want to know to my problem. The staff were very courteous and helpful. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	Dr. Beg took over for another doctor I had been seeing regularly. When I appeared in her office she was already well versed in my case from my records. She proved to be very knowledgeable, compassionate, competent and straightforward. She answered my questions honestly and thoroughly. Although young, she's an excellent, well-trained physician and I recommend her highly.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	1	I cant beleive how much better I feel after just a couple of visits. I ve tried a number of chiropractiors and hands down this is the best in town. Awesome staff and great personalities.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
50	-1	This doctor is not very kind.  He has no bedside manner.  Was often late or did not show up at all!  Most of the staff is rude. 	2	1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
50	-1	wrong diagnosis for my 2 year old.  Said she was flat footed and nothing to do about.  Went to another orthapedic who caught the fact that she looked like she had cerebral palsy.  Went to neurologist who confirmed this and am able to properly treat her with therapy and leg brace.  Rude and obnoxious as well! 	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
50	-1	Dr. Barry is a rude agrogant person with no compassion.  He argued with my daughter about how long she has had back pain and then brought her to tears during is so called examination.  When I dared to ask any questions, he would simply ignore them and spout some medical crap no lay person could possibly understand. I was recommend  to the office but will not set foot or let him touch my daughter again!!! STAY FAR AWAY!!! 	3	1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	I read the reviews and was hesitant to take my son.  However, his staff was the most helpful and accommodated our urgent request. The wait time was long, but I think that he was the only one seeing children in the office. He explained everything to me and his bedside manner was refreshing.  No complaints here 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
50	1	My daughter had to go threw surgery on her hip when she was just 13 month old. We conducted deep research to find the best orthopedic surgeon and we where willing to go out of state for the best. We found Dr. Mark Barry as the best Orthopedic Doctor in Nevada! We were very happy and fortunate to have him perform the surgery on our Daughter. He did a great job! and all the follow up visits where done by him (not an intern) My daughter is Dr. Barry patient for over 5 years now. And we are very happy with his professional knowledge and experience.  he has a great approach with the kids. Some time's just like any other desired Doctor he runs late, but its defiantly worth it. If a Doctor can change your child's life to the better you will always be grateful and thus we are.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
50	1	I work in the largest hospital in Las Vegas and I've known Dr. Barry for 16 years. He is by far the best orthopedic surgeon in town. He does some of the most challenging kids cases- spine deformity, bone cancers, birth defects, etc., and has the best results and the lowest complication rates. He is very innovative and has developed some of the best spine implants in the field. He often trains other visiting surgeons his techniques. He is always thinking of ways to improve patient care and safety.                 I think this is the important type of information that patients should know about their surgeon. The only negative thing I have to say is too bad he doesn't treat adults. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
50	-1	DR. Barry needs work on his people skills. He was rude and brusque with my son and I, and he was entirely wrong about my son's injury. He blew it off our concerns. Thank goodness I took my child to have a second opinion, he ended up having surgery to repair the sports injury. 	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	. great doctor very helpful and the staff were  great with my child thank you 	5	2	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	-1	this doctor was not very happy with her injured knee, and it was nothing special after going to another specialist and having to wait less time.  This man needs some practice in service and less in spending money. 	4	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
50	-1	Injured my child to the point i had to visit the E.R. Turned out a ligament had been torn.  No bedside manner whatsoever, I'D never take my child there again,I had the right mind to report him to the medical board or even sue ! DON'T TAKE YOUR KIDS THERE!!!!! 	2	2	1	2 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
50	-1	He ran very late and was not nice to my kids or me. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
50	-1	Dr.Barry had very poor bedside manners and showed no compassion to my childs injury. Sorry! 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	Dr. Mark Barry is one of the best orthopedic surgeons for child care. Visit:http://www.desertorthopedic.com/drbarry/index.aspand see for yourself! Those two comments are from ill-informed people.  		5	4	5 	Insurance:Medicare
50	0	i had spine surgery with some complication,i was aspetting more fallow up care 		3	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
51	1	Dr. Baron is a wonderful doctor.  Has always spent a lot of time with us and talked to my son in a way he would be able to understand what was going on.  Dr. baron has never been rude, always on time and always very polite and caring to our entire family especially my son.  I would highly recommend Dr. Baron.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
51	-1	Dr. Baron has a huge ego. He does not listen to his patients. He is inconsistent with each office visit. I don't think he reads his charts before going in to see his patient.  Also, his staff is extremely rude I would not recommend this office to anyone. (Due to insurance reasons I have had to stay at this office. I have been there for over a year. I have travelled out of state, to CA, a few times to see other doctors but it is very costly. ) 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:CIGNA
51	1	if it werent for baron my son wouldnt have lived as long as he did. he is a great doctor, extremely busy but worth the wait. thanks doc! 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
51	0	This Dr. is a joke. We only saw him at the hospital and for the next two years we only got to see nurse Carol. I paid for a doctor and not a nurse. When we were having problems with my daughter's G-Tube, we called and specifically stated we only wanted to see Dr. Baron. His staff argued with us and told us no, that the nurse is just as good as the doctor. I immediately withdrew my child from his care and transferred her GI out-of-state. 	1	4	3	2 	Insurance:Unknown
51	-1	My daughter saw his office for 2 yrs for a g-tube. We saw him the 1st visit after discharge from the hospital. After that we only saw the nurse, Carrol. When we called to schedule an appt to see Dr. Barron & not his nurse, the staff told us, the nurses are just as good as the doctors. Unfortunately, Vegas only has Dr. Baron's office & 1 other pediatric GI. We informed the nurses that Doctors go to med school, & wanted an appt w/the doctor. They refused & we travelled to Seattle for a few months until Dr. Gremse came to Vegas. Needless to say we no longer see Dr. Baron's office. 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	Awesome doctor. One of the brightest men I have ever met. Forget the pathetic uneducated moron below. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
52	-1	I am a 35 year old triathlete and went to this doctor for a routine physical. I feel this doctor is a scam artist because he ordered testing and specialist visits that were pointless and extended a single visit into unnecessary multiple visits.  It took three office visits to this doctor and a battery of tests to prove nothing. This doctor went even so far as to propose that I possibly had more serious conditions that are clearly associated with the level of physical fitness that is my norm. All this doctor left me with is a lot of doctor bills and he still refused to sign-off on the physical without charging a form fee. When did signing one's name become a &quot;form&quot;&#63; I went to another doctor and he told me I am in peak physical condition with no limitations.  Don't waste your time or money.  He shouldn't have a license to practice medicine! Perhaps a license for medical scams would be more appropriate.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
52	1	Dr. Banerji is wonderful, shame on anyone who says otherwise. He cares too much about his patients and is very knowledgeable.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
52	1	Dr. Banerji is the best, the very best. My entire family is with him. The other negative review is disgusting and from a miserable person.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
52	1	DR. BANERJI IS VERY HELPFUL AND CONCERNED WITH MY HEALTH CARE. HE HAS BEEN TAKING CARE OF ME SEVERAL YEARS AND HAS RESOLVED MANY ISSUES. I AM VERY HAPPY WITH THIS DOCTOR 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	I've seen Dr. Banerji several times over the past few years and he has spent much time helping me with my health problems. I've been to other docs before him and continued to suffer with none of them able to figure out my problem. I've never felt better since being under his care and would recommend him to anyone looking for a very knowlegdeable and caring doctor.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
52	-1	Got very upset with me because even though I was currently under the almost constant care of 8 different specialists, (who he had chosen when I was hospitalized and underwent emergency surgery), he insisted I needed to come to him for general check-ups (blood pressure, pulse, heart beat, etc.)even though those were being tested over and over by all the other doctors. His complaint was that HE was not making any money any longer from me as a patient! That was totally out of line, greedy and dishonest. I stopped seeing him or having him as my primary physician. He is also not very knowledgeable. He put me on several lung medications which all the other doctors said I had absolutely no need of taking! 	4	4	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
53	-1	I would just like to say that I'm very disappointed in Dr. Barney. I did not have the opportunity to see her, because I never made it past her voice mail. I don't mind that she uses the voice mail to take appointment requests. My issue is that in her message she says, &quot;if I don't call you back, it may mean that I'm not accepting new patients.&quot; Indeed, she has not called me back after several days. In your line of work, ignoring someone's plea for help can be life or death. I'm no longer in need of your services, nor would I have used them, because it seems to me that if you don't care about me now, how can I expect you to care when I'm talking to you. I've found a practice who actually wants to make appointments and help me. Thanks for absolutely nothing. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
54	-1	I had a c3-c4(neck)fusion. Bermans said I had fibromyalgia (I don't) he said I had a drug problem (I don't.  I told him 10 months ago that my fusion slipped, he said it was just the muscle sliding over the fusion. So he did Trigger Point Injections (they worked until last November), I had an epidural, no effect. Guess what...I'm am scheduled for surgery in less than 2 weeks to do a fusion to c5 and connect to c3-c4 and put them back where they belong, cuz THEY SLIPPED.  I tried over and over to switch from this 'doctor'but the insurance wouldn't let me and if I need pain management after this next surgery they say I have to go to him again.  If you see someone running down the street wearing a neck brace screaming...it me.To be fair, I went to his office one day and was in great pain, frustrated and scared from not getting any answers,I went off on him,he immediately left the room and told his staff he&quot;wasn't going back in, she's crazy.&quot; He wrote a prescription for Cymbalta. Happy pills 	3	4	1	1 	Insurance:Workers Comp
54	1	Dr. Berman and his staff have been nothing back great in taking care of my mother. I don't know where she would be without them. They are very personable and very caring. I would reccomend them to anyone who has chronic pain.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:AARP
54	1	Very intelligent.Understands alot when it comes to pain management. He understands ,and help you get back on your feet when YOU are willing to do that... Thanks Dr. Berman for taking great care of me.............. It's really nice that some one care enough to help you want to get back where at least I can function better... 	4	2	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	He is great! Has been my doctor for around 7 years now.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	-1	I was surprised to read the other peoples remarks and find this. &quot;He basically excused himself for being hyper and to talk to our psycologist about him&quot; He told my wife and myself the same thing must be his best line. We both found he interupted was rude hurried listened to my wife and not me was assumptive and just plain cocky. I went for a pump and had to get joint injections trigerpoint injections  psycologist and physical therapy. I had 5 big black spots and hurt worse. I then was told it was the medication and just stop it and you will be better. Here is a quote from another Dr &quot;Only an ignorant or biased practitioner will even suggest you stop your medication for surgery or an intervention turn and run from anyone who may suggest this&quot;. I was in the hospital for nearly 2 years and have had 23 surgeries and he might have known this if he just listened.I wish I would have went here before I went to him. I will turn and run now.. M 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Workers Comp
54	-1	I was refered to Dr. Berman for a DCS stimulator box. On my first appointment he wrote me meds that were stronger then I had ever had before and told me he had a great program for me that was 5 days a week of intense physical threapy for 5 weeks. Strenous exersices, over stretching for too long. After 5 weeks I was discharged with a weight limit of 12 pounds and never picked up more then 5 pounds. Made a follow up visit for continuing pain and bringing up fibromayalgia because it matched all my symptons. I was crying with my wife in the office and he told me this was as good as I was going to get and refused to see me anymore. I soon after saw a ruematolgist and was diganosed with fibromayalgia. I recived my medical records from him and he said I was yelling and slamming my fists and threatening staff. All I was doing was crying and begging for help( my wife was there and witnessed the whole thing)If there was a way to shut this guy down I would. I wouldn't even send my worst enemy here 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Workers Comp
54	1	Only Dr. in N. Nevada who can diagnose and treat fibromalgia pain. Excellent nurses, P.A.s and staff! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	My husband had been dismissed by every other doc he'dbeen sent to by workers comp. Dr. Berman was the first to care and treat him like a person not a disease. He has helped and shows ture compassion.   His office managemen/staff definately needs improvement 	2	2	4	4 	Insurance:Workers Comp
54	-1	Diagnosed me before he even gave me the physical exam based off the referring doctor's report. Gave me a 5 minute physical exam. Said my pain was caused by mental problems/anxiety, & Post Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD) but wrote &quot;fibromyalgia&quot; on my discharge slip. Didn't do the specific fibromyalgia tests. Was only in w/me 15 minutes but charged my insurance for an hour ($600). Looked where I worked & asked me if I was in there to test him (apparently my employer previously sued him for med mal & I didn't know it). As he dictated his reporte he nodded his head at me at did the thumbs up finger trying to get me to nod my head in agreement.  He was rude, hurried, did not listen, assumptive, etc. He is not a doctor that listens to his patients. Because of the referring MD, & him I did not go get another opinion for over a year which cost me a great deal since I had a very bad nerve problem wich if dx'd in time could have been cured but now I'm in stage 2, may not be curable now. 	 12/28/07	3	4	1	Insurance:Unknown
54	-1	He is supposed to be a pain specialist and did not chose to listen to me, his patient, was rude, interupted my husband & myself as we explained the headache would not go away. He basically excused himself for being hyper and to talk to our psycologist about him and he had already taken ten minuites of his time for this visit. I went in for trigger points to help ease my muscle spasms and he had no interest in helping me recover from this flare up. My husband first asked him if he was interested in treating me and my fibromyalgia. This is when he became defensive, no bedside manner, never had been and we stayed with him for almost a year. He did a radio frquency burn on my left side of the neck and two facet proceedures, administed meds and was also not only a disciplinarian about how to manage myself with my pain, but also with the medicines. I found much better care now and really would not recommend him to anyone in pain, not even a dog.  		1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
55	1	The entire staff is very nice and helpful, from the moment you walk in they acknowledge you and treat you as if they know you. Dr Barber is very thorough and and has great bedside manners.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
56	0	 	3	4	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
58	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
59	1	I love Dr. B!! I picked him as a &quot;fluke&quot; when I moved to LV and I'm so glad I did. He has been the best OB I've ever had. I started seeing him as a regular GYN at first. He was always very considerate and listened to my concerns, especially in regards to my past medical history and my troubles with adenomyosis. When I became pregnant again (surprise!) I was glad I already had a good dr. He addressed my concerns and offered advice and opinions for treatment when complications arose. He hasn't ever forced an issue when I disagree with him and has always treated me with kindness and respect. He has a great sense of humor that puts me and my husband at ease and he never rushes through appointments. Unfortunately he will be out of town when I deliver this baby (sob!) but I hear his associate Dr. Spoon is also fantastic. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
59	1	My boyfriend and i looked for a little for a good doctor while i was pregnant. when we found Dr. Bartholomew it was a perfect match. He was extremely knowledgable, he truly cares, and when your in his care he makes you feel as if your his only patient. His great sense of humor was a plus bc he made you feel at ease. We love Dr. Bartholomew. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
59	0	This office doesn not call you back.  I had a serious problem and one month later, no one has called me back yet! 	1	5	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
59	1	Dr Bart is truly the BEST OBGYN I ever had. He is gentle and patient, answers any questions you might have. My first (and only one so far) pregnancy was a piece of cake thanks to him. Does not push his own opinions on you and let you decide how you want things to flow. THE VERY BEST!!!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
59	1	I have been going to Dr Bartholomew for 3 years and he has always been very helpful.  Together we decided what the best option was for me.  I feel better than I have in years.  	4	5	5	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	-1	Brushes off concerns as to worrisome or silly.   Doesn't care or accommodate additional out pocket cost for patient as long as he gets paid for the pregnancy (babies born at end of year two different deductible for 1 hospital stay due to two different years) 	4	4	2	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
59	1	I absolutely love Dr. Bart!  If you go early in the morning, I'm always in and out of there in 30-45 minutes...much quicker than most doctors.  He's very interested in my own personal care and has a great bedside manner.  In response to the other comment, when I went through my first pregnancy and had to call on a weekend due to abdominal pain, Dr. Bart himself called me back in about 10 minutes and it was very helpful.   I have recommended him to several friends and would recommend him to anybody! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
59	1	His office is ALWAYS backed up to high heaven, but he's a pleasant guy. He doesn't force his patients to do things &quot;his way&quot;. But, as the other comment says, they don't call you back in a timely fashion unless it is an emergency. 		2	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
59	1	Neither Bartholomew nor his nurse return phone calls.  		3	2	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
60	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	Dr. Beajow is amazing and I am so greatful to have found him to care for myself and my grandfather. I have never encountered a doctor who is so friendly, patient and knowledgable. I highly recommend Dr. Beajow. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
60	-1	no bedside manner! rude nurse. rude staff. too much going on in the office with med students everywhere. i will not be returning.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Humana
60	1	he is a new doctor for me. i am very lucky that dr portz sent me to him . he reminds me of my first pcd. kind respectful,knowledgable,and not afraid to value your opion. love him.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
60	1	Dr. Beajow is a very competent, thorough physician.   I have been a patient of his for 8 years, and have been very pleased with the level of care he provides.  He is on top of current research.  Dr. Beajow very much wants to be a &quot;gatekeeper&quot; for his patients' medical care.   He always requests records from other Specialists that I see to make sure he has current information on my health status at all times.  In many ways he is like an old-fashioned family doctor, because he likes to know about his patients' families and what is going on in their lives.   My husband, sons, father and sisters also are patients, and I have referred many friends and colleagues, all of whom have been very satisfied with his practice.   Even though he is no longer a provider for my insurance, I have continued to see Dr. Beajow and he was kind enough to give me a special cash rate.   In addition, every Specialist he has referred me or my family and friends to, has been top-rate, like Dr. Beajow himself. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	Dr. Beajow is always friendly &amp; approachable.  Never feel like I'm hurried when I'm in his office. Always takes time to discuss any question I have. I know my doctor sincerely cares about me &amp; my health.  Most important though is the fact that I always feel like I'm in good hands because I know he knows what he is doing. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	Dr. Beajow has been my doctor for years and I have recommended him to friends and family.  I cannot say enough good about him and his care.  He is compassionate, takes his time addressing my concerns and very knowledgeable.  He is an example of what a good doctor should be.  There has never been a time I needed him that he was not there for me.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
60	1	Dr.Beajow has been our family Dr. for a minimum of 16 years.  My husbands health is very poor to say the least.  Many times Dr. Beajow has spent endless hours taking care of him.  He has studied, called other Dr.'s for consultation and kept him up and going.  I suppose one of the things that makes him such an excellent Dr. would be he actually cares about the person as a whole not just another patient.  I have referred many people to Dr. Beajow and they have all said the same thing.  He's absolutely the most intelligent, caring and considerate Dr. this valley, or anyplace else, has to offer.  I know he is the Dr. that has been used by God to keep my husband alive more than once.  I cannot recommend him highly enough. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	Dr. Beajow has been my PCP for over 7 years now and even though I have moved 70 miles from his office I will not leave his care. He is thorough and caring and understanding to the needs of his patients. He cares for you as a person first and your care is his priority. He is an awesome guy. I don't think I could find a better doctor for my many physical needs. Go see him, he'll take good care of you.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
60	1	awesome dr. would recommend to anyone i know that is in need of a great dr.  definity best in town! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
60	1	Dr. Beajow has been my father's PCP for 14 years.  If you are fortunate enough to fall under his care you will truly experience a first-rate physician.  My father is now 92 years old and if it weren't for Dr. Beajow he would not be alive today.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
60	1	Dr. Beajow is a great dr. He always listens to any concerns you have and is very committed to his work. He does not rush you through your appointments and is legitimately concerned for your health. I have been seening Dr. Beajow for about 2 years now and am very pleased witht he service I receive from him. He wants to work with you and talks to you like a person and not based on your insurance reimburements. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	Several years ago, as a then director of a refugee resettlement agency, I accompanied several female Bosnian war survivors to Dr. Beajow for various medical needs. Some hadn't seen a doctor in years, or bore physical and psychological scars from the atrocities they'd endured. He treated ea with deep compassion and dignity...one incident with an older Croatian woman--he was extremely mindful of her modesty even while providing her with a through exam. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	This is the kind of doctor everyone wants. He knows his stuff and explains it so you can understand it too. He doesn't keep you waiting either. He is thorough and spends quality time with you. Respectable, respectful, and compassionate. Simply the BEST. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	He is a great Dr. & has a lot of patience, he's very kind & pleasant! He even has a sense of humor.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
60	1	Worderfully knowledgable, not afraid to refer, honest. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	One of the most informed and compasionate doctors I have ever met.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
61	-1	He tried to make dentures, and they never fit properly.  Went in the clinic 9 times from Jul,2009 to Mar. 2010. I asked for a refund and he refused. I don't believe he is a dentist, and he never gave his real name.  A staff member told me his name was Benafir. He kept repeating that he has been practicing dentistry for 25 years, and he knows what he is doing.  He does not know what he is doing,  I have been wearing dentures since 1975, and I know how  they should look and fit.  He refused to refund my money so that I can hire another dentist.  My gums are sore and bruised, and he told me to put salt on the sore sponts.  I strongly question his training and qualifications. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	excellent dentist!!! Great skills 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	Family Care Chiropractic is a wonderful caring, and friendly chiropractic office.  From the moment you walk through the door, until your treatment is complete, you feel like an individual whose care and wellbeing is of the utmost importance.  I have never felt like “one of the herd.”  From the warm welcome from the receptionist, Chelsea, to the professional care of Dr. Bennett, your visit will not disappoint.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Assurant
63	1	I am so fortunate to have found Family Care Chiropractic and Dr. Lisa Bennett.  The atmosphere is relaxing; the staff is friendly and accommodating.  My first visit was in April of 2007; Dr. Bennett was caring, genuine and professional.  She provided me with a wealth of knowledge regarding the issues I was experiencing with my hip and back.  My treatment was complete within the next few weeks; however I continue to come for adjustments each month as it benefits my overall health.   I highly recommend Family Care Chiropractic! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
63	1	Highly recommend!!!  I went to Dr. Bennett with a very painful strained back. She did not over treat with expensive tests.  After 3 treatments, I felt much better and was back to normal in about 10 treatments.  I will be returning once a month for an adjustment now.  Her support staff is excellent.  Her office offers reasonably priced massage therapy.  She is always on time.  I've never waited unless I arrived early.  Her bedside manner is wonderful.  She is exceptionally caring and truly enjoys helping people feel better.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	1	She really seems to love kids. If you have special needs go elsewhere. If your kids is healthy she is great. 	2	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	Dr. Barry is probably the best family doctor in Las Vegas. I recommend her to everyone! She is the most caring and loving person. She really knows what she's doing and has treated me very well. Every time I have been sick, she has cured me. She is by far the best and the most compassionate person I have ever met. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	I have been going to Dr Barry for the past 10 years.  Yvonne has treated myself, my wife and my children with compassion and great care. She is the true definition of a FAMILY doctor.  She will go the extra mile for her patients.  I recommend her to all of our friends every chance I get.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
65	-1	This was the worst trip I have ever experienced with a Dr..She arrived late.Was rude, interrupted me everytime she asked a question as I was trying to answer them.She is ignorant and does not have a clue with what she is saying.Complained throughout the entire visit about my attitude and yet she was the one who was attacking me.Did NOT listen to anything I was saying and called me fat,I weigh in at 128.LOL.She acted very catty and unprofessional in my opinion.I will not return,she will get paid for this visit, but lost out on the rest of my family ever returning.You do the math. Enter at your own risk! 	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
65	1	Dr. Yvonne has been my PCP since 2006. She is fantastic. She always listens and MAKES me listen even when I don't want to hear what she's saying. She is also very compassionate and skilled. I have had many problems since moving to NV in '06, particularly respiratory. She has been on point with every diagnosis and treatment. Dr B is a free spirit, so if you are looking for a staunch white coat 'speak medicalese' doctor, Yvonne is not the one for you. I am simply so thankful for her and her TRUE caring nature.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
65	1	I went to Dr. Barry for the first time.  She listened to my problems, told me my diagnosis and gave me confidence that my medical problems could be dealt with.  She made me feel that we were a team. The office scheduled my tests and emailed me what to do and when to come in once the results were received.  They even faxed over my blood work in a timely manner.  My specialist had the results for my appointment with him the same day that the results came in.  I feel very good about my decision to have Dr. Barry as my primary doctor. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
65	-1	I went to Ms. Yvonne Barry for botox injections along with other cosmetic procedures. THE RESULTS WERE A NIGHTMARE! BEWARE FOLKS! I paid cash for the procedure upfront. In my opinion, this lady should not be practing because of the results I have had. I have had fevers, infections, and uneveness over my entire face! &quot;NOT WHAT I EXPECTED!&quot; As for attentiveness to my problem, she has about the feelings for people as a stump. In otherwords, she really didn't care and was just in and out not answering my questions. She was more interested in getting to the next patient. As for how punctual she is, well, I waited over an hour past my appointment just to get in to see her. If you are considering using her please think twice. Thanks, D. 	 3/26/07		1	1	Insurance:Unknown
65	-1	Dr. showed no understanding of my problem. rushed me through very quickly. would not return. will return to internist next time.  	 3/23/07		1	1	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
65	1	Dr. Barry is a true family doctor: understanding, warm and listening to patient's complaints. She is very carefull with her assessment, medications and consultations. She has great education including a PhD. Her 'bedside' manners are very good. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	When I was very sick,she was there. She was on target with her diag. We knew it would be a long haul,but she Did it. I Haven't been sick like that again. She's the Best in my book!!! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	She is the greatest. she really helped me. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	SHE IS THE BEST DOCTOR EVER! she is so caring and helpful. She is very smart and is VERY good at her job.......I LOVE HER! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	She is more than a doctor. She is caring human being that loves to help people. Thank you for a wonderful doctor and friend. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	Very nice and cordial.  	4	5	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	1	Good Family doctor I goto for Asthma. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	Very caring person and doesn't just hand out prescriptions.Looks for the cause of problem. Best doc I've ever had.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
68	1	Competent, caring, takes time to listen and give appropriate diagnosis and specialist referrrals. He referred me for CT scan and found my thyroid cancer. 1 yr after surgery - doing very well. I'm 60yr old male. Will refer definitely to other patients. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	During my visit I felt that I was treated very well.I would absolutely recommend this doctor to my family and friends.  I felt this visit was an amazing success!Overall I would rate this visit : outstanding! 		4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	I think Dr Batlan is very careing, knowledgebale, does treat evryone with respect and dignity. When necessary he will go above &amp; beyond the scope of his obligation and stay with you throughout the problem. At your appt with him he already knows what the issues are and has a tentative plan of action before a pt walks in the door. This done on his own time after everyone leaves for the day. Dr Batlan especially cares for his pt If you have to wait its because of some emergency that has delayed his work. When I found out that he treats his pts as personal as he can the treatment the pt gets would be the treatment he would give to his own mother or father. In my opinion He is a super knowledgeable a person that is truly dedicated to his profession. The staff are as truly dedicated respectful, truthful and always willing to lend a hand. The staff has to deal more closely with the insurance companies. Don't blame them they have walked in our shoes &amp; they have family also.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	-1	Very unprofessional and arrogant staff. Dr. Batlan has very condisending attitude about him, it's all about how well trained he is barely allows you to tell you about your problem but he can sure fix it because of how good he is. Save yourself time and money and find a different doctor 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	The BEST pain management doctor I have seen over the course of 10 years with a bad back problem. Very knowledgeable and helpful. Has worked very hard to make me feel better. My comfort and quality of life has improved beyond words since he started treating me. Spends as much time as needed with me at every appt. I would recommend Dr. Batlan to anybody.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
69	-1	Worst doctor I have ever been to. Avoid at all costs. You are better off living with pain than seeing this incompetent,rude,ruthless character. He flaunts his credentials then does not give you the time to explain your pain. Told me the annular tear required immediate pain injections. Charged me 46k and the injections increased the pain. Then had the nerve to give me 30 5mg oxycodone and told me to see him in 30 days. He also falsified my records saying I had a 55% improvement in pain from the injections.See www.vitals.com for more bad news about this &quot;doctor&quot;.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	-1	He gave me a lumbar epidural before checking to see whether I was numb.  He kept billing me after my double insurance had paid the negotiated amount.  When I asked why, I was told that his records were a mess and they wanted to see if they could get me to pay the full amount.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
70	1	. Very Knowledgable with his practice 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
71	1	Daughter and I see Katy.   She's great and always mindful of our financial situation.  Love the Persian music she plays. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	I've been going to Dr Alex and his wife, Darlene, for 15 years. While they certainly are chiropractors, they offer more than that. I use Dr Alex as my family practitioner. He is extremely knowledgable in nutrition &amp; Eastern practices. I've referred 'hopeless' &amp; 'untreatable' friends to him for years, &amp; have seen him get results when no one else could. They keep an office that is not new or shiny, but it's paid for &amp; they pass that savings on to patients. They target people with no insurance. For $40 you get all of your 15 minutes. Both are extremely sincere and caring, real people who actually care about their patients. I used immune support for years from them, until I could get the structural defect causing a chronic bone infection surgically fixed; I do not think I would have survived the years it took to get a diagnosis &amp; surgery without their help. I am very grateful to them 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	I wont go to anyone else.  Dr B is the best. My whole family goes to him since I started going to him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
73	1	Dr. B. is very friendly and knowledgeable.  He did a good job of explaining everything to me and going over all my lab results.  It always seems like he has a different nurse though, and it would be nice if his staff was more consistent.  I would definitely recommend Dr B. to any one.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
74	-1	Dr. Benes is a PA and charges insurance outrages amounts for procedures that were not completed fully.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
74	1	Awesome visit.  She and her nurse Rosalie were very helpful and understanding.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
74	1	I have gone to this PA for several years at the Bus. Park address and find her to be knowledgeable and very informative.  Easy to talk to.  Would recommend her. 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
74	1	She is very concerned and goes the extra mile to find out the info to help solve problems.  Considerate and listens to your concerns.  Great followup.  The best have referred her to several friends and family members. They all like her alot and come away with good knowledge. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
74	1	This doctor is very helpfull and does take the time to help you, she gave me free medication and a free next visit. it doesn't get better than that. 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
74	-1	Despite the fact that I read 2 negative reviews on this Dr. before going to the apt., I still decided to go being she was in my insurance plan and close to work. However, I walked out of the Pecos office upon arrival. Why would I want to take my clothes off for a full body skin exam in a dirty office&#63; The waiting room chairs were filthy, splash stains on the old dingy wallpaper and the overall appearance of the office was just distracting to me. I couldn't even stay to meet the doctor, because I tend to doubt physicians that don't keep a very clean office adn I don't think I'm alone on that. At least get a cleaning crew to scrub the wall paper. I can't take anyone in that office seriously and perhaps any of the physicians in that office should realize that many people will judge a physician's success based on their office. It doesn't have to be high tech, but i do prefer clean. 	1	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
74	-1	This doctor is ver rushed and does not seem to care about her patients. She only spent three minutes with me and seemed more concerned about going home for the day instead of doing her job. I do not recommend this doctor! 	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
74	-1	I would not recommend anyone to this physician.  		2	1	1 	Insurance:HealthPartners
75	1	excellent 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
76	0	I went into seeing him after being at the hospital for possible cysts, the hospital said it was very important to be checked out by my doctor.  Anyways when i got there i felt like the whole thing was being blown off he told me it's probably nothing and didn't do anything about, didn't give me anything for pain what's so ever even though my pain was as bad as contractions 	5	3	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
76	1	wonderful man! truly caring. he always made me feel at ease. his staff is great too!! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
76	1	He is a very conscientous doctor. He made it a point to call me after my 6 week checkup to make sure my post partum depression was gone. I never asked him to call, he just did. Very nice.....and so is his staff.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
77	1	I first saw Dr Banker after being diagnosed with hepatitis C , over the course of my year long treatment I was overwhelmed by the kindness and gentle nature of Dr Banker. Not only were all my questions answered, he explained my treatment, side effects and condition in a way I understood.  I wish he could clone himself for my family doctor. I highly recommend him. The office staff is friendly but the wait can be long. You can not go wrong with Dr Banker. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
77	1	Long wait in his office.  Staff is nice though.  doctor is excellent.  Always takes time with me and answers my questions.  Office is difficult to get through to sometimes, but the doc is worth the wait 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
77	1	Great doc.  Staff a little slow but you will be treated like a human being and he will take time to answer questions. 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
77	1	This office is VERY busy, so one may have to wait a while, like 45 minutes. But, this speaks nothing to Dr. Banker's professionalism, knowledge, and work ethic. This man is an awesome GI doctor. I sent my husband to him when another MD did not take action quickly enough. Dr. Banker got on the case, and away we went. My husband was VERY impressed, which says a lot. He is a great doctor, always friendly, and takes time to explain things, no matter how busy he is. I highly recommend this guy. 	 5/2/07		3	5	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	Amazing doctor. Always on time. Always nice. Answers all questions. Got me through a rough time with not being able to walk and surgery. Highly recommend him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	Dr. Biesinger is one of the best doctors I have ever met.  He always shakes hands with you when entering and leaving the room.  Extremely cordial and very, very professional.  I feel he is extremely competent.  Would highly recommend him to anyone.  Has done one surgery on me and will do another this year.  I trust him explicitly.  Even when he's running behind schedule he never rushes with me; takes plenty of time to answer all questions.  All doctors should be as kind and caring as he is.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	1	when you think of podiatry, you think of some weirdo with a foot fetish. i can't tell you if dr. biesinger has a foot fetish or not, but what i can tell you is that he knows what he's doing; he's pleasant and knowledgable; he's quick with procedures that are not very pleasant. he's also very good at explaining what he's doing and why he's doing it. i would highly recommend him to anyone. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
79	-1	does not listen to patient nor does he do follow up that he says he's going to do. He use to be good but since he was promoted he has gone down hill, it's like he doesn't care or take his oath serious now. Each patient should be his priorty but its not, he does not communicate with other doctors the patient see even if you tell him to do it, as its very important to communicate with other doctors that are treating the patient. Since he refer the patient to these other doctors. I know for a fact the other doctors have called him and informed him of what they found out and they asked him to do things as follow up and he just ignored what the other doctors were telling him, which is the same as what we told him and he ignored us also. We are so disappointed with his performance in the last couple of years. We feel he should take a good look at what he is doing to his practice!!  He needs to really listen to what his patients are telling him instead of ignoring what they say.   a 	2	4	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
79	1	As a new patient, Dr. Bittner greeted me and explained that he would be setting up several tests recommended for my age and general condition in order to give him an overall picture of my health. He was very pleasant and easy to talk with during my office visits. The office staff have always been very pleasant; and I haven't had to wait past my appointment times. So far, I am very pleased with his abilities and knowledge as my family doctor and I feel fortunate to have found him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
79	1	I like and trust Dr. Bittner. He is very good and cares about his patients.  He put me through a lot of test but I am glad he did, because he found out what was wrong with me.  I recommend him complete.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
79	1	He is personable and seems to be genuinely interested in learning about the patient.  	5	5	5	4 	Insurance:Medicare
79	0	Waited four weeks to get an appointment for an annual checkup. I was 25 minutes late after getting held up at a client meeting and driving from downtown. Doctor had option of canceling appointment or seeing me - and chose to cancel. Assistant offered me another four week wait. I'm now shopping for a new doctor. 	1	1	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	 	4	4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
80	-1	I had a really bad experience with this doctor. He delivered my first child. Unbeknownst to both of us, I have a rare condition in which I have 2 uteruses and cervixes. The doctor never did realize this, even during exams, ultrasounds, etc. Fortunately, my baby was breech, so I had a c-section. Thank God I did, because if he had let me deliver normally, both me or the baby probably wouldn't have made it. When he did the c-section, he did notice something abnormal about my uterus, but neglected to tell me until about 6 months later. Due to this doctors negligence, I could have lost my baby or my own life. I am still baffled as to how he could have missed this.  I will NEVER go back to him EVER!!!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
80	-1	Dr Barber ruined my life. He cancled my tubal after giving birth to twins only to insert a 5 year IUD in me called miriana that is DEADLY ruined my life, and almost drove me to taking my life. I had it removed after 5 years of unexplained rage and agoney, and i findout dr's can get a nice 2k drug kick back for giving it to woman!!  Never again.. He nor is staff did not educate me at all when the biggest side effect is depression and he sold me on the no side effects and no periods!  When I first came to him he knew my sister had just died and I had depression in my family.  That is why I wanted no BC.  He was not rude and not gental at all.. His staff is rude and lazy.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
80	0	waiting room waits are long. Staff is &quot;just there&quot; not friendly. Feel like I'm on an assembly line.  		2	3	3 	Insurance:HealthPartners
80	-1	My first baby, I was very naive about pregnancy and giving birth which I told him even though I was in my 30's. I had a c-section and he took the staples out after only one day. After a week, my stomach burst open and when I rang at 9.00 in the morning to get him to help me, as I was petrified he said I had to wait until 3.00 that afternoon and at no time did he say I was going to be OK. I am sorry, he did tell me that if I did not want to wait that long to see him just to go to a Quick Care. His nursing staff and receptionist were just as bad. They made me feel bad for wasting their time when I called her crying over my stomach and not knowing what to do. As a result of him taking out my staples early I had to have a home nurse come to my home twice a day and repack my wounds for 6 weeks. Thankyou Doctor.  		1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
80	1	Wonderful doctor, very professional. Dr. Barber always returned my calls promptly, even on weekends. Took great care of me through both of my pregnancies. I would absolutely recommend him.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
80	0	This doctor was good for a couple years but when a problem came up the doctor nor his office staff never returned any of my calls. Two years after i quite seeing him, his office sent me a bill for a missed appointment that I never made when I called they never returned my call. Somethings never change 		2	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	WONDERFUL MD!  I REFERRED ALL MY FAMILY TO HIM.  THEY LOVE HIME TOO.  MY INSURANCE CHANGED, SO I CAN NO LONGER SEE HIM, BUT THAT WAS THE GOOD OL DAYS.  HE IS A VERY THOROUGH MD, CARING, AND VERY UP TO DATE ON INFO! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	Dr. Stephen Billmyer, helped my husband, as he is going through a very ruff time right now. He answered questions, offered several options to help the situation.  His 'bedside' mannor is the best I have ever witnessed. He made the experience with my Husband a much needed expression of understanding. Clear, consise, &amp; loving, I could tell he really wants to help everyone he is working with. This was my first time meeting him &amp; he answered my many questions. His staff is knowledgable, &amp; even though under staffed, patient &amp; friendly.  The lady behind the 'check' out counter helped us beyond what was required, with my questions about my volunteering for the staff (I am an entertainer). I want to give my show to the facility because of Dr. Billmyer.   Thank you all! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Veterans Administration
81	-1	Dr. Billmyer has a bad bedside manner. He was rude to his hospitalized patient's wife. Did not visit patient when transfered to ICU. Did not have a substitute doctor for his days off. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	The best IM doc in the universe, I'm convinced. THE most thorough physical exam I've ever experienced. Super thorough, personable and dedicated. CANNOT go wrong with this great doc.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
81	1	dr. spends the necessary amount of time with the patient,makes the patient comfortable and allows time for discussion,makes sure the patient fully understands meds and proceedures. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	Always current on new treatments & medications,approachable.Trustworthy,down to earth & easy to talk to about anything. My husband & I feel confident in sharing our concerns with him and that he will provide the most up to date healthcare treatments & options.We are long term patients.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
82	-1	Condescending and rude.  Definitely will not go back to him.  Sent to PT and it was so painful made me feel worse.  Appointment time was never kept I always had to wait.  	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
82	-1	This Dr. (excuse me, Surgeon as he corrected me) complete jerk. Doesn't listen to patients, only used MRI's that supported his diagnosis. 6 other Drs. read my MRIs and found Herniated Disc, this Dr. said no herniated disc and he was right. Odds are against him that he is correct. Told me I was bone on bone in my spine, so gave me an anti-inflammatory (for bone on bone) and sent me to PT. The first visit to PT caused more pain than I have ever experienced. Asked him what my options were if PT didn't work and he told me I would have to have my back fused. I asked about disc replacement and he told me disc replacement was not done in the lumbar region. I Googled lumbar disc replacement and found out he lied to me. I finally went to USC’s Spinal Surgery Center in L.A. and received help for my issue. If you have back issues, leave Las Vegas and go to L.A. I would not recommend this quack to anyone. 	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	Very honest and conservative.  Really described the situation and options and possible outcome.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
82	1	Excellent doctor. Very nice facilties - I've seen him many times and he's easy to deal with and gives you as much information as you need. Also, he will spend considerable time with you - not just 5 minutes and run out. 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	best spine surgeon ever.  Not even 1 complication! 	 3/23/07		5	5	Insurance:Medicare
82	0	made promises to be there for my aftercare and was not. Saw him twice after surgery and then he was not longer interested in me and &quot;let me go&quot; even though I still had pain he did not address it nor did he give me any pain medication, just dismissed me. Terrible bedside manner.His personality is lacking compassion. 		4	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
83	1	This doctor was very informative. He answered all my questions and was really engaged in our discussion. I would recommend this doctor to anyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
83	-1	This doctor has been rude and arrogant on each and every visit we've had with him. Not very knowledgeable either and gave my wife an incorrect diagnosis for an illness that went worse which could've been prevented if he hadn't misdiagnosed.  The patient also needs to tell him of the treatment plan.  	4	2	1	2 	Insurance:Medicare
83	1	During my visit I felt that I was treated very well.I would absolutely recommend this doctor to my family and friends.  I felt this visit was an amazing success!Overall I would rate this visit : outstanding! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
84	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	Dr Bavaria is a kind caring doctor. Hi office staff is another story! Rude,do not return calls and the nurse in the back that takes your blood pressure and weight, hardly ever speaks,just points unless you notice shes lost weight.:( I would stay its time to move on even if now I am forced to.  Good Luck Dr B!!! 	1	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
84	1	Dr. Baratia  Caring, kind, intelligent, knowledgeable, empathic...Thorough, inquisitive, patient.  I wish him well in all his ventures. 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	Very good, knowledgable Dr. but terrible nurse and staff almost to the point of rudeness.  Calls not returned, unfriendly treatment like the patient is interfering in their day.  Unfortunate for this amazingly good and busy doctor that the staff is so unsupportive. 	1	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	I went to Dr. Bararia for his weight loss program. I lost 23 lbs. in six weeks and I didn't really exercise outside of my daily routine of work and kids or I could have lost a lot more. I felt and looked great! In order to lose the weight you have to take your pills and injections as directed, follow the suggested diet and EXERCISE! If you don't follow the plan, it's not going to work. Also, if you go back to old habits after you reach your goal, of corse you're going to gain it all back. I would (and have) highly recommend his weight loss program to my friends. The only thing i did not like was that it wasn't as closely medically supervised as i thought it should be. I was not required to come in for weekly blood pressure checks and weigh ins as advertised. Was actually encouraged not to and given my injections to take home and inject myself. His staff was kind of lack luster as well, not very cheerful or helpful. But I lost the weight and that is what I paid for. 	2	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	I was very disappointed in the service he gave me during my visit. He kept checking his cell phone during our visit and took a phone call while I was in the room with him. He did not seem to be a caring doctor.  	4	2	3	4 	Insurance:Aetna
84	1	I was hospitalized for over 7 days suffering from a serious disorder. Dr. Bararia sat at my bedside and genuinely counseled me and my father about the tests and the various elements of the test results. I am becoming better because of him. He is very thorough in his approach. He can be described as genuine, polite, caring as well as an excellent listener. Dr. Barraria is very intelligent and very much what I needed in a doctor ! He is a gentleman and treated me like a person and not just a kid! Thank You Dr.  Barraria for your care!! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
84	-1	I was promised that I would loose weight quickly, however im fatter since his sugar innoculations. I believe he should stop his weight loose it  program. The NV Medical Board should investigate his trim loss program. 	1	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
84	-1	 	3	5	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	Very nice, listens well, doesn't interrupt--that's half of the medicine right there. Interestingly enough, he blood tested me for &quot;malaise&quot;, and the tests included B-12 level. No one had ever tested me for that before. I never heard from him again, but I got a copy of my blood test, which showed the only thing really wrong with me was a low level of B-12, definetly low enough to affect me. I'm now taking B-12 and I feel better--obviously if he hadn't tested me for it I wouldn't be doing better; I like him, but I'm glad I didn't wait for him to call me back with the results. No matter how nice the doc, you still have to watch out for yourself.I would definetly see him again in the future. 		3	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	I had to wait an hour for this doc.He apologized and well he was worth the wait. He listened to my medical complaints and he treated me with respect and some darn good high end drugs for my blood problems which are now under control.i give him a superior rating.  		3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
84	1	Fair and cares about my many health probs.He really listens and is quite professional. I would see hiom again and he is on the cutting edge with quality tests I really needed. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	I was hospitalized for over 20 days dying of a horrible disease and this man sat at my bedside and took care of me and genuinly cared about me as a person. He was always there when I needed him and still is. I am well now because of him. He is polite, caring listens to your needs and reassures you and always lets you know what he's thinking and what his plans are. He's also not afraid to do research or ask for input from his mentors, which he usually doesn't need. He is intelligent and very much a gentleman and treated me like a person and not just an &quot;interesting disease&quot;. He is also a devout family man and proud to share them as he is to learn about the patients. I hope he doesn't get so busy that I don't get to keep him. I come from out of state just to see him.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
85	1	Dr Bist is very helpful , and takes his time to explain to me in easy language about my diagnosis and treatment. I wish all doctors were as compassionate as him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
85	-1	doesn't listen, doesn't care..things change, prescription didn't. office left me a voicemail on my birthday kicking me out of his office after three years of his service claiming it was due to &quot;frequent demands&quot;.&#63;&#63;&#63;&#63;&#63; or hmm was it really because I hadn't paid them in over a year and got a final notice the week prior saying i'd be dropped if i didn't pay the full balance.  partially why i didn't pay was because i had random bills that didnt make any sense.  different charge for the same 5-10 minute appointment every visit.  dude is a douchebag.  he doesn't care. 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
85	-1	Dr. Bist only gives you about 15 min of his time...and that's it.  If you're having a major crisis (as I was a couple of years ago), he is good for nothing.  I found him totally ineffective.  I felt as though he gave up on me when he thought I'd be too much to handle. 	4	4	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	Very caring and patient. He takes his time to Listen to my concerns and explain in easy language about my diagnosis. I recommend him highly.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
86	1	I loved Dr. Barbrosa.  Young, good looking and very knowledgable!  I would highly recommend! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	the guy above is an idiot. great doctor.   no bs visits, just got me healed quickly and i was on my way 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
87	-1	Please do yourself a favor and stay away from this doctor.  She made me walked on my teared achilles tendon for one month without protection. 	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	Great doctor, friendly and helpful office staff, comfortable waiting area that is more like a nice living room than a doctor's office.  I will return to and refer this doctor. I have new orthotics that have solved the terrible foot pain I was suffering from! I do not have any idea why he would have gotten any kind of a negative review at all, so that individual must be very difficult to please!  Dr. Jeff Bean is really one of the nicest people I have ever met. 	 8/7/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	The best doctor I've ever been to.  My friends all say the same thing.  Compassionate, friendly, flexible, great knowledge, great staff, honest.  Everyone in northern NV knows this.  The person who left the bad review is soooooo wrong!  Even the best doctors have a few bad patients who are never satisfied.   Get a clue!  Dr bean is the best around in every way! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
88	1	I loved their office staff, thought  Dr Bean was very nice and did listen to me and address my concerns.  	5	4	4	3 	Insurance:Anthem
88	-1	This doctor and his father do not consult with patients before selecting a course of treatment. And if the course of treatment is not workable, they still expect you to pay for it.  	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
89	0	I waited in their waiting room for over a hour. The staff was friendly, but the X-ray tech told me to follow him and took off on me while I hopped after him with my hurt knee. Dr. Bigler was in a hurry and just told me surgery was the answer, but didn't go over any alternatives.  I wouldn't recommend them and I didn't go back.  	2	1	3	3 	Insurance:Anthem
89	1	Dr. Biglerwas my third opinion on a shoulder injury and the only Dr. who took the time to actually read the MRI slides in front of me with the report. Unlike the other 2 docs, he didn't suggest surgery right away. He explained my injury in detail and answered all of my questions.  Real nice guy and great nurse also! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
89	-1	He Can't figure out why my knee replacement keeps swelling and filling up with blood 	3	1	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	Dr. Bigler and his staff are the absolute best. However, don't pass this around because you'll make it harder for me to get an appointment. No frills, but straight to the point. He's a true professional and gets straight to the point. Larry and Dave (his assistants) are THE BEST. Bedside manner unmatched by anyone. They are great and I too would recommend any of his associates to anyone in need of fixing.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
89	1	Dr. Bigler is amazing. Not only does he have superior knowledge and bedside manner, but he is compassionate and has a friendly demeanor. He is an extremely capable and trustworthy doctor.  I am pain free and I owe it all to him! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
89	1	Dr. Bigler is an amazing Physician. He changed my life by fixing my once terrible lame and painful knee. He is compassionate and sincere. I would recommend him to anyone. He is the greatest doctor I have met. I now enjoy a pain-free life with energy and mobilty. Thank you Dr. Bigler. 		5	3	5 	Insurance:Unknown
90	1	Great Doc. Office feels like being at a spa. Very thorough exam and x-rays. Awesome treatment. Highly recommend! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
90	1	Great doctor. He has really helped me with my neck pain and headaches. He also has treated my son for a knee injury, and my son got better very fast.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
91	1	Very knowledgeable, and he spends time with patients. I think he is the best. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	This is the best doctor I have ever had.  Period.  I generally hate doctors and I like this guy.  He has always been detailed in his discussions with me, has made me aware of multiple routes of treatment when they are available and has always been able to help me. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
91	-1	He couldn't tell the difference between a viral and bacterial infection. All of my past doctors have been able to tell me what kind of infection I have when I come to them. He suggested on taking antibiotics if I FELT that my symptoms got worse. Shouldn't he be able to determine that as all my past doctors have&#63; 		3	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	Dr. Barton is gentle, soft-spoken, and his breadth/depth of knowledge is exceptional.  I looked (and looked) for a Peds physician in town that had experience with treating ADHD.  He keeps very current, and has worked diligently with us to ensure my daughter's condition is addressed.       Additionally, he has been very conscientious with treating whatever ailments have arisen.      HIGHLY RECOMMEND! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
92	1	My son has many problems & just when I thought there was no hope a woman at his school recommended Dr. Barton & he has been a God send. He will spend as much time as you need that is why his appts are not always on time but know you will get the same treatment. We do go to the office on Prairie Falcon Rd. where he has more time to spend with you. We have to pay cash but well worth it & he will not make you come more then needed. He listens & is a very patient man. He will tell you if your child does not need meds & please be grateful for that cause any Dr. can shove meds down your child's throat & give him a poor diagnosis! Dr. Barton takes the time needed to diagnosis correctly & will tweak meds til you get your child on the right ones & the right dose. I have taken my son to many other Docs & let me tell you there are many bad ones out there but Dr. Barton is one of the good guys, thank you! 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
93	1	Dr. Bahoora is very professional and knowledgable in Chiropratic. His office takes care of many patients and is clean and well run. All of the staff is helpful. The doctor is always on time. I was injured in an auto accident and they truly helped me recover.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
94	1	Dr. Bernstein is really great. He is thorough, gentle and does one great surgical job. And...he has a wonderful personality! He is very helpful and knowledgeable about his field. He listens and learns from his patients as well. He takes his time with you to make sure you understand sbout your surgery. I know he is the best!!! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
95	1	Dr. Beasley was so helpful two times in our autistic sons life. She is passionate about her therapy, knowledgeable, and willing to go the extra mile to ensure her patients get the help they need. We've been to other therapists who don't know what they are doing and claim to be an autism expert. We've been to 8 sessions with another therapist, and in one session with Dr. Beasley, she did more for us and our child then I think the other therapist is even capable of. Don't think twice about spending the money! You and your child will be moving forward if you see her. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
96	1	. If he can't help you he will find someone who can 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
97	1	Dr. Belsky is to the point and very knowledagble about interventional pain management. Drug seekers should go elsewhere. Never an issue with their staff, they are just busy and professional.  	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
97	-1	Staff is terrible, so bad they compromise your care. Wouldn't recommend her. 	1	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
98	1	very kind and helpful 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
99	1	I've never met nicer nurse. She cares about my twins. She helps and answer my questions even when I call on phone. she will help me out and call me back. Dr. Bernstein takes lots of time examining my kids. He may take too long sometimes but I am glad he treat me real nice and explains to me.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
99	1	Dr. Bernstein has been a great doctor for our son, who is almost a year old. As a nervous new mom, he makes me feel better knowing that I am doing all the right things to raising a healthy child. He performed my sons circumcision and was very caring with my baby boy. Everything healed well and fast. His staff is very nice and very helpful as well. 		4	4	3 	Insurance:Unknown
