dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	 MD VIP doctor.  Very thorough.  He actually listened.  He ran appropriate tests.  Diagnosed &amp; treated.  Professional manner but easy to talk to.  Good staff for blood work &amp; EKG.   Was timely (waited 5 minutes!) 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:AetnaPaid/Co-pay:N/A
1	1	 The best Doctor I have selected.  He actually gives a damn about the patient first! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:HumanaPaid/Co-pay:N/A
1	1	 There's no finer Doctor in Neveda, or the country in my opinion. He is through, considerate of your time, and a gentleman.  He's limited his practice to the number of patients he can monitor, which is unique for any doctor.   The best!!!!!!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:HumanaPaid/Co-pay:N/A
1	1	commentsDr. L is the most amazing Dr. in Las Vegas. I have seen others over the years But i always go back to Dr. L 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	 Always attentive and caring, Dr Lampinen is punctual, knowledgeable, easy to talk with and he really cares.  I feel fortunate to have enjoyed his care for nearly 10 years.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:MedicarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
1	1	 Excellent physician and excellent mentor.  Knew many primary care doctors in Las Vegas and no one is better than Dr.  Lampinen 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
1	1	commentsOMG a doctor that calls you back promptly---I thought they were extinct!Great staff, homey office, lab on premises, intelligent, knowlegdeable, friendly, compassionate AND they are so good about getting you in!!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	commentsGreat presence  very knowledgable  teaching practice for University med students takes time to answer any questions or inquiries puts patient at ease 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	commentsDr. Lampinen and his staff are a great people.   I not only know him from my own experience as a patient (my husband is also a patient) but I know him in my professional career.  I'm a nurse at one of the local hospitals.   I know a good doctor when I see one.   Also, Brian, the NP and his whole office staff are top notch. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	commentsNot only is this doctor knowledgeable, but very kind and patient focused.  I highly recommend him. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	commentsVery professional, responsive, knowledgeable doctor. The same is true of the staff. Love that there is a honest to god lab in the office! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	 he seems knowledgeable for what he did for us.many times tho we did not see him it was one of his assistants.  	3	3	4	4	Insurance:MedicarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
1	1	commentsDr. Lampinen was very sincere. He seemed to be very knowledgeable of my medical problems. And he was very easy to talk to. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
2	0	comments 	3	5	1	5	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	commentsgreat doctor worked with me and really helped me with my problems when no one else could i highly recommend him 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
2	-1	 Avoid this guy.  He spent hours looking at my chest instead of helping me.  Fills you with drugs.  	1	2	1	2	Insurance:Harvard-PilgimPaid/Co-pay:N/A
4	1	commentsI was very comfortable with Dr.Lanfranchi and his team, they worked smoothly and efficiently under very relaxed conditions. I am very satisfied with the procedure they did would recommend Dr. Lanfranchi to any interested party. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	 Dr. Lao has been my doctor for 3 years.  She is one of the best doctors around.  I can completely trust her diagnosis and treatment plans.  Because she is such a great doctor, sometimes it takes a while to get an appointment with her, but it is worth it.  My mother and several of my friends also see Dr. Lao.  They all agree that she is the best.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNAPaid/Co-pay:$10
5	1	 After many years of not selecting a primary care provider, just one visit with Dr. Lao made me select her. Very professional, knowledgeable and courteous. Although I have not had any major health problems, she is an excellent choice for a PCP.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:HealthPartnersPaid/Co-pay:N/A
8	0	 Be ready to wait up to an hour to see Dr. Lafferty and make your appointment at least a week in advance.  	3	1	2	4	Insurance:AnthemPaid/Co-pay:N/A
8	1	 When making appointments for Dr. Lafferty, we usually saw her nurse practioners.  I did have one visit with Dr. Lafferty in the year she was my MD, and I found her delightful, smart and interested in my history.  It was hard to get an appointment to see her in person.  I usually had to wait over a week for an appt and usually that was too long for my needs so I saw the nurse paractioner.  	1	2	4	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$20
17	-1	comments***** Uncaring &amp; Incompetent – Look Elsewhere *****    Below are the problems I have encountered with Dr. Larsen, OD  (AKA, Professional Eye Care Center and Larsen Larsen and Starlin LLC).  I have been a patient and customer for several years.    My general opinion is that neither the office staff or Dr. Larsen doesn't care.  He refuses to acknowledge that there are problems in his office that start with him.  The order taker didn't care to call me back which would have cleared up many things.  When I showed up, they didn't care to make exceptions for their mistakes.  Doctor Larsen didn't care to even acknowledge the problems that he witnessed in the office, nor call me back personally.  He instead had Nicole call me back on his behalf, then went home early.  Larsen, nor anyone else in the office, has reached out to remedy the situation with my incorrect prescription glasses, billing, and incompetency    I urge you to look into other offices so to as avoid any problems with this office. 	1	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	 Just saw him for my colenoscopy screen. He is a very nice, caring man. My surgery went very well. He greets you in the waiting room and takes you back to the patient room himself. Old school - excellent physician. I highly recommend him.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
19	1	 Dr. Laine is highly skilled and extremely thorough with each patient.  Unfortunately the VA scheduling department requires 15 – 20 min per patient, but she does take longer at times with her patients.  She makes sure the patient is informed and educated…and reviews all medications, tests and lab work completely before allowing the patient to leave.  I wish more doctors were like her, we would have a much healthier society if the were.  	5	3	5	5	Insurance:Veterans AdministrationPaid/Co-pay:N/A
20	-1	commentsI am a disabled/ non working former RN with 25 years of experience.I was referred to this doctor to discuss having an epidural pump implanted for pain management. I found this doctor's manner to be arrogant, impatient, judgmental, and totally lacking in empathy. His office on S. Rainbow is not designed for the comfort of patients in pain. Chairs are too low.  There are no handrails or ramps near the door. I saw no handicapped parking.I will never return or recommend him to anyone.His bedside manner is shocking. After a long wait,he did not even examine me! Plus,before you can even see him, the office mails out a big stack of papers to fill out yet the same questions are asked when you get to the office by the medical assistant and the doctor who who had not even looked at my history prior to seeing me. he may be very good at what he does but I am sure I can find a doctor who does not make me feel humiliated.A kind and patient doctor. 	5	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
20	-1	commentsmake sure u are not in a hurry you ill findyourself waitinf for 3 hours in the decatur office and then your in for 2mns and u get ur pills most of the time the guy doesn't even know why you r there for very unproffessional it's all about MONEY NOT YOU and worst of all if you are not totally depressed going in you will definatly will be getting out 		1	1	3	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	commentsDuring my visit I felt that I was treated very well.I would absolutely recommend this doctor to my family and friends.  I felt this visit was a big help.Overall I would rate this visit : outstanding! 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	 have been going to dr lagstein  for years, excellent dr.helped me &amp; my wife, extremely  qualified, would highly recommend him to others who are looking for a great dr.  patrick &amp; margaret 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:MedicarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
23	1	 Good service.  Professional staff.  Dr very knowledgeable.   Dr in room for stress test.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:MedicarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
23	0	 Nice guy.  He is very strong and no matter what the patient says, he is going to do it his way.  He listens and then tells you again how it's going to be - nothing the patient says changes his mind.  	4	2	2	4	Insurance:MedicarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
23	1	commentsDr. Lagstein has been very helpful and thorough.  I highly recommend him.  He's very knowledgeable.  And I really respect the fact that when I told him I was planning on getting pregnant, he told me that he doesn't treat pregnant women, but would recommend a doctor who does.  So, when I got pregnant I couldn't see him, which was disappointing. But I like a doctor who can admit when he would be out of his realm of expertise.  Now that I've had the baby, I'm back.  His front office staff is great as is his nurse. 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
23	-1	commentsLeft my father sitting in the lobby for eight hours.  Very arrogant. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
23	-1	commentsHe worries me.Too many meds and didn't like being questioned why. Didn't like being the consultant.Appeared to want to run the show despite change in primary MD. 		3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	commentsDuring my visit I felt that I was treated very well.I would absolutely recommend this doctor to my family and friends.  I felt this visit was an amazing success!Overall I would rate this visit : outstanding! 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	 Dr LaMotte has seen my 3-yr-old daughter since birth.  She is an excellent pediatrician and takes her time explaining and diagnosing my child's illnesses.  She also does thorough follow-up to ensure a total recovery.  Sometimes her office is very busy, but I will take the time and have patience to wait for her expertise.   I trust my child's life with her and will continue to see her as my child grows up through her teenage years 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
29	-1	commentsMy little son was so scik with vomiting and diarrhea. Dr. Lamotte gave him antibiotics and told us that he had ear infection. His condition got worse with the use of medicine that he was about to die. I took him to another doctor. This one said there is no ear infection he has stomach virus and antibiotic is the worst thing for somebody who has been throwing up. We stopped using it. I feel frustrated. How can she not know that he did not have ear infection. I feel like she never cared about my son's health. I do not want to see her again. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
29	-1	commentsThe worse doctor my family has been to. My son is allergic to certain antibiotics and it is well documented in his file, however, Dr. LaMotte prescribes a sister medication and says the &quot;reaction&quot; (which causes severe pain and a bleeding diaper type rash) is a parent's over-reaction and she demanded we continue the medication for another week. Our prior Dr. told us to DIS-continue immediately and prescribed a different medication that works.  Dr. LaMotte said an ointment would help but will not call in the prescription until we bring our children back in for another office visit with another co-pay.  She spoke so condesending to my wife and told her that my wife is not a doctor and wouldn't understand.  I plan to report this (the total disregard to the patient's file and allergies) to the Nevada Medical Board.  Be advised if Dr. LaMotte is your child's doctor and they are allergic to a medication, be careful and research the medication prescribed prior to dosing your child. 	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	commentsI used to like this dr.  The last 3 appointments I've made for my child I ended up with a physicians asst who seemed confused as how to proceed.  Not only do I feel angry at getting sub-standard care, but I am charged the same amount.  If a physicans asst is as qualified as a dr to diagnose, then why need a dr&#63;  I had followed Dr. Lamotte from her previous practice.  I am now shopping for a new pediatrician-- one who does not shove her patients off onto an PA. 	1	3	3	4	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	.  Very informative Doctor;well trained; very helpful with my boys;love her! recommend highly! 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
29	1	 We have seen Dr. Lamotte for 7 years or so, since she was at the Pecos office. Actually, she wasn't our first Dr. there, but we got her one day on a sick-visit. She was great, and when the Pecos office broke-up, we followed her. She is very straight-forward, but seems very in-tune with &quot;kids&quot;. I have and will continue to recommend Dr. Lamotte.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:PacificarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
29	1	commentsDr. Lamotte is a rare Las Vegas commodity. She is an exceptional pediatrician. Her educational background and years of experience are evident each she meets with your child. I trust her professional opinion and feel very confident that the health of my son is in her hands, which is a responsibility she clearly takes seriously. Being from Chicago, I believed that I would not/could not find a doctor of this caliber here in Las Vegas. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	 Dr. Lamotte is one of the most educated and recognized doctors in pediatrics. She does every bit of what is required of her for the health and well-being of your child and the reason, I believe, that one might assume that she's cold, or indifferent is because she does not have a moment to herself.  When she is not attending at her own practice she is making rounds at numerous hospitals (you might find this out by studying up on her, or just simply looking at her deep, dark circles). She also does not turn any baby away regardless of insurance provider, or condition of the child. The staff is excellent and funny, especially John R.N.- he's seriously inviting and awesome at putting a first time parent at ease.  God bless the people at this office and all their efforts.  Word to the wise: every doctor is usually &quot;late&quot; if they have a successful practice and this usually means that many people have chosen them as their doctor because they're so effective and take great time w/ each patient! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
29	1	 Dr. Lamotte has been my four children's doctor for ten years.  We have followed her to her current practice.  She is a very straight forward doctor, but that should not be mistaken for coldness.  She loves kids.  She is the best pediatrician my babies (15, 12, 9 & 6) has ever been to.  I can always be fit in for emergency appointments within a couple of hours, and her office is very prompt.  She will take whatever time is needed for your appointment, and her staff is very friendly and helpful.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
29	1	commentsDr. Lamotte is a doctor that I have followed around when she moved.  I have three children, 2 teen boys...one 18 and the other 16...and an 11 year old daughter.  My kids adore her because of her frankness and mild manner.  I would wait for hours in a noisy room with my three kids just so she could see them..  With my teens she discusses sexual activity with them (and has me leave the room!).  I hope she'll see my kids 'till they are old and frail!  Oh....and her nurses are top notch!  Love you guys!!! 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	commentsMy son absolutley loves Dr. Lamotte as do my husband and I.  Our son is six months old and has seen Dr. Lamotte nearly every month due to regular check-ups, his circumcision, congestion and ear infections.  With every visit, Dr. Lamotte talks to my son and cuddles him making him feel safe and secure.  She takes the time to always answer all my questions and never makes me feel rushed.  With Dr. Lamotte, I know my son is in great hands.  We feel extremly fortunate to have her in our son's life. 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
29	-1	 We saw Dr. Lamotte twice when my twins were newborns. She gave me the impression that she didn't like children!  She held them far away from her (as though they were unpleasant to her) and when one spit up a little on her shoulder (as babies will do), she acted extremely annoyed. She argued with us about having my son circumcised. This was after having to wait 1 1/2+ hours to get in. There are plenty of pediatricians in Las Vegas. I certainly wouldn't recommend this one.  	1	1	1	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
29	1	 LOVE HER!! She will spend time with you to answer questions and doesn't make you feel dumb for asking stupid questions. Perfect circumcision on my son. Even sat down to hold and comfort him as he cried. She has been so great with my son from day 1. She discovered a mole she thought was suspicious. Two out-of-state doctors who concurred, applauded her keen eye and my choice of pediatricians. She is very patient with me, a first time mom. She called twice to follow up after a CT test to make sure I was comfortable and understood the results. She is regularly running late, but I would wait for the care she gives.  I can't say enough good things about her! 		2	5	5	Insurance:AetnaPaid/Co-pay:$2000
29	1	 I think some of the raters may be confusing her assertiveness and volume of her voice for rudeness. Dr. Lamotte is wonderful to my children and her staff is great. She is caring and cautious when it comes to treating the children. She has seen us at the last minute or as walk ins and will always answer my questions.  Dr Lamotte is great! 		3	5	4	Insurance:PacificarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
29	1	 I have 3 children that have been only to Dr. Lamotte since birth. She is wonderful. I am an ICU Nurse and have complete faith in her. One of the new nurses on my unit actually had her as a pediatrician and loved her also.  		3	5	5	Insurance:N/APaid/Co-pay:$10
29	-1	commentsMy son was extremely sick, and dehydrated. She ignored my concerns and told a nurse within my hearing that I was just an over reacting incessant mother. When I insisted he be checked further, she sent us to the ER, where the treating pediatric doctor was so concerned with my son's listlessness that he wanted to immediately admit him. He hadn't kept anything down in 4-5 days and was barely moving or responsive. Dr. Lamotte told me that because the baby could cry he was fine. He was not fine. If I had listened to her, the ER doctor told me I would have had a critically ill child who would have been in the hospital for 5-6 days. I don't know if it had anything else to do with her, but the practice she was involved in broke up shortly after, and all the other doctors except her, left the office she was practicing in. Just be concerned. 		2	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
29	-1	commentsVery uncompassionate, and cold 		2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	commentsDr. Lamotte is a great doctor She has been our doctor for nine years she has helped us many times at the last minute and my kids love her. 		3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
29	-1	commentsVery rude. Not helpful. Office runs inefficiently and treated my child as a commodity. 		1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	commentsDr. LaMotte-Malone has been taking care of my son for 10 years. She is very caring and follows up with her patients. She is very knowledgeable. I trust her 100%. 		4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	commentsVery satisfied. Felt very comfortable with the whole staff&#63; , 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
33	-1	commentsDr. Langford was very uncaring and did not even evaluate my skin problems except for looking (from a distance). Now it is 6 months later and I am still suffering and my eyes are now affected. I was very disappointed with her and felt like she had tunnel vision rather than taking an individual approach. 	4	4	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
33	-1	commentsDr. Langford was no help at all. She told me there is nothing can be done to fix  my problems. I was the one asking  for prescriptions. 	1	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	commentsgreat office and staff, everyone was very friendly and Dr Langford was great. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	commentsDr. Langford is very sweet and gentle and addressed my concerns fairly well but when I needed a procedure done she had her MA perform it as she would have charged more money. The MA was nice and thorough but I felt like Dr. Langford should have taken care of me. The staff is horrible. You sign a HIPAA form and when you check out they are discussing aloud the procedure you just had in front of other patients. Having worked in a Dr.'s office before I felt that was  inappropriate. It kind of felt like a meat market in the office. 	2	3	3	5	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	commentsWonderful Dr. Very prompt, she is caring and very gentle. I highly recommend her. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	 Dr. Larkin was very knowledgeable. He was able to help me with my pain.  Now I'm pain free! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNAPaid/Co-pay:N/A
36	-1	 At first I thought she was a great doctor. She listens to you when you talk and she performs as many tests as necessary to try to find out what is wrong with you. I went in there because I kept getting chronic kidney infections and kidney stones. The last time I went in she told me I was healthy and that there was no infection and that the stones I did have were too small to cause any problems. I went out of town the next morning and two days later, while still on vacation, I had to be admitted to an emergency room with a major kidney infection and lots of stones ranging in size from 4mm-1.5mm. Dr. Larsen basically told me before my trip that the pain I was experiencing was something to do with my muscles. When I decided to switch doctors the staff there was unhelpful and rude when I was trying to get documents faxed to my new doctor. I'm glad I now have a urologist who knows the difference between a kidney infection/stone vs. a back strain.  	3	3	1	2	Insurance:AetnaPaid/Co-pay:N/A
36	1	 Dr. Larsen is very kind. And her staff is very friendly as well. My one complaint comes from the ultra-sound technician that works out of the same office on Thursdays. While he is very nice as well, he's almost always late. I had to reschedule once and waited 30 minutes during my rescheduled appointment. However, this is of no effect on her as it's his fault. Dr. Larsen will set you up with an ultra-sound to make sure you don't have any more kidney stones.  	5	4	5	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
36	1	commentsDr. Larsen came in within 5 minutes of appt time, SMILING. Very caring and listens well. Responded to my kidney stone problem efficiently and quickly. Office staff must be handpicked by her as all were just as great. Dr. Larsen and staff are first-rate! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	 Good bedside manner and she listens well. The wait seems to be longer with morning appointments.  		4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
43	1	 I went for a chipped tooth, Dr. Lai was great, used top materials. Now I have another dental issue and am looking for him as my dentist again.  I've had shoddy work in LV, but he was fantastic! 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:N/APaid/Co-pay:$100
49	1	 New to Las Vegas.  Initial exam took over one full hour and was quite thorough.  All explanations were on point and thorough.  Next day appointments are a plus.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$5
49	-1	 Trying to find a family DR. The Dr Was fine. A little cold towards me, for some reason. Staff and Dr had to be told 20 times to fax off information to my insurance and am still in the process of my short term claim. Very unsatisfied with the urgency of the staff. seems like they just have better things to do than take the 3 seconds to send a fax.  	1	3	2	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$15
49	1	 Finally a  Doctor that is caring and  takes time with you. I didn't have  to wait long in the waiting room he is very prompt. His office staff could not be any friendlier. Wonderful  doctor and wonderful staff.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:TricarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
49	1	 Dr. Ladner always takes the time to make sure I understand my conditions/treatments.  I appreciate his directness and have come to expect to be told the way it is.   I wouldn't trade doctors for the world!!!! 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:AnthemPaid/Co-pay:$30
49	1	 Dr.Ladner. Is a very caring Dr., he has looked after me for over 3 yrs abd has always treated me very well. His staff is very helpful as well. Heis one of the best doctors who have looked after me.  Georgena Turner 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:MedicarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
49	-1	commentsDr. Ladner is very rude and uncaring.  He insults his patients.  He does not listen to his patients.  Would not recemmend this doctor to my worst enemy. 	3	1	1	3	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	 He welcomed my Mom and me to Las Vegas after a gruelling road trip which left us both a mess. As new residents, he was our first healthcare provider. He put us right very quickly, and as a student with no health insurance, he was also very affordable and fair. His receptionist is terrific! Dr. Lampe is not only a great chiropractor, but also a true gentleman.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:N/APaid/Co-pay:$35
53	1	comments 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	 Honest. Not afraid to tell you that he's not sure what is wrong, but will always reasure you that he will find out. Does not assume what is wrong based on past medical history. Wants to see his own results.  	4	5	4	4	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
57	-1	commentsI went to this dentist as a referral from my insurance.  The staff was friendly enough and the clinic was clean and looks modern.  Dr. Lac walks in and barely manages a &quot;hello&quot; and does a quick look at my teeth.  He then says his recommendations will we be written up and walks out without asking if I had any questions.  The assistant comes back with several thousand dollars list of recommendations with no dentist in sight to explain why I need the treatment.  Seems to me the dentist was more interested in taking my money away.  The clinic is called &quot;Smile City&quot; because they would be smiling once you give up you're hard earned cash.  I regret going to this dentist and paying the $45 co pay.  Dr. Lac did not want to do a cleaning with no explanation from him although I did ask the assistant why.  I  highly recommend going to a different dentist. 	4	4	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
59	-1	commentsdoes not listen to patients very well  has a problem with making desions about some medical percediors i would not go back. 	3	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
71	1	commentsI was a patient of Dr. Lamerson's for a number of years. Caring and professional, highly recommended. 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
83	1	 Dr. LaBarre has been taking care of my family for many years, and I am totally satisfied with all the services provided.   Wonderful caring office, highly recommend! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Delta DentalPaid/Co-pay:N/A
83	1	commentsGreat office! Friendly staff.  Skilled and experienced dentist.  Not the cheapest but they take their time and do things right.  highly reccommend. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
83	1	commentsI love these guys! they always treat you like a person, not &quot;just a number&quot;.  after my spouse lost thier job (and dental insurance) they gave us a great discount on much needed dental work - kudos to Dr. Labarre and staff! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
83	1	commentsI had been a long time patient, I changed my insurance for a couple of years and had to go to one of the big &quot;fast-food&quot; type offices. What an awful experience that was - long waits and quick rushed appointments, I once timed my rushed and rough cleaning and it was just over 10 minutes!  ( the sat reviewer who wanted shortcuts and fast-food service should go to my old office, lol!) fortunately I changed my insurance again and am back with LVDentalarts - they are the best! The staff is so friendly, and the doctor and hygienist take their time and are VERY thorough and gentle, and I love the fact that their office is so high tech and clean!  I'll never go to another office - highly recommend! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
83	-1	 BEWARE: This office only wants to make money.  I went in for a first dental exam and cleaning which is completely covered thru my insurance. Instead, I was given a peridontal cleaning without fully understanding what it is and soon learned that I had to pay for it since it was not a regular cleaning. All that time, I thought I was getting my free (covered) cleaning until I was told to come back the following week to finish the cleaning. The receptionist would argue with me saying that they will only do whats right for the patience and not take short cuts.  Well this cost me an expense I didn't expect to have.  I immediately changed dentists and will never go back to this crook.  Anyone else who experience this, please add to this review.  	1	2	1	2	Insurance:CIGNAPaid/Co-pay:N/A
83	-1	commentsSTAY AWAY FROM THIS DENTIST. Very unprofessional, careless, rude. He will charge you $50 if you want to reschedule an appointment. Very disonest. 	1	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
83	1	 I picked Dr. LaBarre's dental office out of the insurance list. Boy, was I glad that I did that. The office is very nice and clean. The staff are very helpful.  Dr. LaBarre was very gental and knowlegable.  I had wonderful experience there.   Highly recommended!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNAPaid/Co-pay:N/A
83	-1	commentsThis office treats you differently based on insurance you carry. Had DeltaDental 1st, now MetLife. Used to have dentist-administered cleanings and they insisted that you needed twice annual xrays. With MetLife, it's back to hygeniest scraping cleanings and once annual xrays (insurance must only pay for 1x/yr).  They also charge you for follow-up appointments you make to check errors they caused. My hygeniest broke permanent orthodontia on my teeth; Dr. LaBarre said he couldn't do anything but remove it, which I declined, then he charged me for his &quot;consultation.&quot;  Hygeniests will also ignore your requests or preferences in flossing and teeth sensitivity. Office is great at getting money, very poor at much else. 	1	3	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
83	1	 I had some much needed work done on me teeth.  I completely hate dentists and I am extramly picky.  Dr. Labarre is excellent and his assistants are awesome too!  Really made sure I did not have any pain and I was comfortable.  He even calls you after doing major work, which was refreshing for myself!  Definately my dentist until I move to another state.  	5	5	4	4	Insurance:Delta DentalPaid/Co-pay:N/A
83	1	 Dr. LaBarre is a wonderful dentist. Very knowledgable. Handsome. Nice office. A bit expensive, but worth it.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Delta DentalPaid/Co-pay:N/A
83	1	commentsAfter a bad experience at another dentist I was desperate and in pain. I found Dr. LaBarre (LV Dental Arts) at carecredit.com. He was able to complete my root canal which my old dentist could help me with. He is the best and took me as an emergency and Im now pain free. Thank you LV Dental Arts you are the greatest and now my new dentist office. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	 I  have been going to Dr Lamothe for many years not only is he  well informed in his field but in other fields as well I trust him and as an RN and a patient will keep him as number one in his fielde .  	2	3	5	5	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
84	1	 In the early 90's I was attended by Dr. Lamothe at Valley Hospital for evaluation after an ekg at a emergency clinic. Fortunately it was not a serious issue. Many years later, I went to him as a patient after another ekg showed some irregular heartbeats. Again all was OK. I have continued seeing him over the past 6-8 years. He is one of the most caring and thorough doctors I have ever been to BAR NONE. He is always very attentive and takes the time to explain details of your care instead of rushing through the visit. I would recommend him to anyone who wants a Dr. that really cares about his patients and their well being and is very thorough in his extensive exams as needed when there is some evidence of problems. In addition, no phone call goes without a prompt answer ever!! How refreshing it is to have a Dr who is one of the best in his field but one who truly cares and not only responds to his patients but insures his staff does also. Thanks Dr.  Lamothe for being there!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:MedicarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
84	1	 HE IS THE ONLY DOCTOR THAT WILL TALK TO ME ABOUT ALTERNATIVE MEDICINE FOR CHOLESTEROL OR HOW TO IMPROVE MY HEALTH WITHOUT ALL PRESCRIPTION DRUGS. DO TO MY HUSBAND PUTTING ME ON HIS HPN INSURANCE I HAVE NOT BEEN ABLE TO SEE HIM FOR A WHILE BUT I HOPE TO NEXT WEEK AFTER I HAVE DROPPED HPN FINALLY.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:MedicarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
84	1	 I have been going to Dr. Lamothe for 8 months.  He is a caring, compassionate person who takes an exceptional interest in his patients. He takes a lot of time with his patients to explain the results of bloodwork, tests, etc.,in a thorough manner & in terms that the layman can understand. Cannot say enough about this wonderful doctor.  The staff is very polite & friendly and his nurse Sandra goes above & beyond to make the patients feel comfortable.  I am so happy I found a doctor in Las Vegas that I can trust.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
84	1	 HE WILL TELL YOU LIKE IT IS AN WHAT YOU HAVE TO DO....  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:MedicarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
84	1	 Both my husband and I have total confidence in this doctor.  His staff is also very professional.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
84	1	 Treated both my wife and I for heart disorders. Very caring individual..Top notch physician. Left the state or I would still be his patient.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
84	1	commentsI'm a critical care nurse. This guy is a great doctor, very thorough and spends a lot of time in the patients room and explains everything in a very reassuring way. It's too bad that my hospital isn't utilizing him more. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	commentsVery knowledgeable, he took his time and answered all my questions, I have total confidence in him. After surgery follow-up was great: called me evening of to check that everything was well.  This has never happened with any medical professional I've been to.  Also gave me his cellphone number to call in case of complications. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
85	0	commentsHad a very bad experience.simple graft gone bad,felt it was due to his being in a hurry, also did not feel he gave me an accurate picture of possible complications.Very disappointed. I will admit though he was a pleasant person. 	5	4	4	2	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	 Great at follow up after surgery.  Available for help just one call away 	4	4	4	5	Insurance:CIGNAPaid/Co-pay:$1300
87	-1	commentsI went to this doctor due to a referral from a hospital. She misdiagnosed by telling me that it was likely cancer. I decided to pursue a different treatment option follwing my visit with her. I called the office to cancel my follow up appointment. Following the scheduled appointment time (which I had cancelled), I received several phone calls stating that I had missed my scheduled appointment. After the 1st phone call, I called and let them know that I had cancelled the appointment. A month and a half later, I received a certified letter in the mail stating that she would be withdrawing as my physician. Prior to the letter, I had already been treated by a different doctor who immediately told me that it could no way be cancer. I would not recommend Dr. Langdon to anyone. She misdiagnosed and scared me for five days (over a long weekend) in thinking that I could possibly have cancer. My suggestion, stay away. 	1	4	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	commentsDr. Langdon is so cute and such a sweet doctor. First baby and the staff always checks up to see how I am doing. 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
87	-1	 I'm 5 months pregnant with my FIRST child, not to mention I have been seeing her for over 5 years before I was pregnant. I have only ever had 2 OBGYNs because I don't feel comfortable with just anyone, I even followed her to each office she moved to (3 total). I am so angry that she doesn't even give me the time of day to answer my questions and always rushes me out of the office. She doesn't take my concerns seriously, and doesn't even check me!!! The practice owner Dr. Feng was on the oncall the other night when I had severe pain in my abdomen and could NOT move and she sent me to the ER. I told Dr. Langdon that the ER docs needed her to do a follow up check up and she didn't even touch me, she was like 'Oh it's just gas and you don't have to go to the ER for every little thing'... This is my FIRST PREGNANCY, I don't know anything and she doesn't explain anything. Oh and I might have a uti, but does she care&#63; She just walked out of the office...  5 years and I get treated like this&#63;&#63;&#63; 	4	1	1	3	Insurance:UnicarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
87	1	commentsLove her....she was soooo great..she was so understanding and caring... 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	commentsDr. Langdon is very kind and helpful but her Medical Assistant is awful.  Very rude, young lady that has no sympathy and seems to think she is the doctor.  Seems to have the additude it is her office and you have to deal with her more than anyone else in the office good luck. 	1	4	4	4	Insurance:Unknown
91	-1	 Worst experience I ever had with a doctor.  I left shaking and in tears, without making a follow up appointment.  He would not listen and did not respect my choices, (to put it VERY mildly and leaving out the disturbing details).  Instead he yelled at me and refused to see me until after surgery (which I do not need yet, if ever).  He should have his license revoked for treating people this way.  Very unprofessional and completely unacceptable.  He seems to me to be more interested in making money off surgeries instead of helping people heal.   Makes me really deeply appreciate my primary doctor now! 	4	2	1	1	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-CalPaid/Co-pay:N/A
97	1	 DR LAJEUNESSE SAVED MY FATHER IN LAW'S LIFE WHEN IT WAS DISCOVERED HE HAD PROSTATE CANCER.  I HAVE BPH.  SHE IS VERY KNOWLEDGEABLE, PUTS YOU AT EASE, & HAS A GREAT SENSE OF HUMOR.  SHE GIVES YOU ALL THE OPTIONS AVAILABLE FOR YOUR CONDITION.  I RECOMMEND HER TO ALL MY &quot;OLD GUY&quot; FRIENDS.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:MedicarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
99	-1	 Worst professional ever met, worse nurse by the name of Rachel.   Very nasty unpleasant services 	1	2	1	2	Insurance:AetnaPaid/Co-pay:$40
99	-1	 THE WORST EXPERIENCE I ever had to PAY for!!!  As an adult suffering from acne, often cystic, that has come and gone since my teens I am tired of having acne and I have had enough.  This &quot;doctor&quot; told me to take a nap and there was nothing he could do for me. He did not once ask me my skin care regimine or about the products I used. He interrrupted me nearly everytime I tried to ask a question.  I came to him because of a serious reaction I had with a acne product that left me with a chemical burn and he wouldn't even listen.  Even with tears in my eyes from frustration he still only repeated &quot;I do not see acne, there is nothing I will do.&quot;  That's not all, the &quot;doctor&quot; does not recommend ANY SPF just long sleeves and a big hat.  I wear pants most all year but living in Las Vegas there are times that you are outside and you still extra protection on your face.  It was awful to spend time and money for someone to act like you don't have a problem you and others can see exists.  	3	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
99	-1	 Dr. Landlow was rude, short tempered and didn't even listen to my problem.  I came in to have all of my moles checked as I have had many removed and had some atypical cells previously.  He tried to leave without addressing a specific mole that would troubling me, which ended up being taken off by another more competent doctor and was atypical.  When I stopped him from leaving after only spending seconds in the exam room looking at only the one mole and telling me it was nothing with no explanation, he got upset and told me very loudly with the door open that I would have to make another appointment to see any additional moles as there was nothing wrong with me.  I have had some pretty bad doctors, but he takes the cake for the worst medical care incident I have ever had the displeasure of experiencing.   Avoid him like the plague! 	2	1	1	1	Insurance:TricarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
99	-1	commentsThis &quot;Dermatologist&quot; is so arrogant I get upset thinking about it..When we walked into his office, my husband asked him a simple question about his condition. Landow laughed at my husband. Instead of consoling my husband he made fun of him. Landow then threw a fit, told us off and walked out the door.  His nurse heard the whole conversation and when I spoke with her, she apologized to us for Landow's behavior. I told her I have never been in the presence of such a rude doctor as he. The nurse said the doctor was just having a bad day. According to ALL these other negative comments listed, he must have BAD DAYS EVERYDAY ! He should not be working with the public.  He has NO manners and NO compassion for his field.  I feel very sorry for his staff.  They need their job and have to put up with someone like him everyday.  But we do not. 	3	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
99	1	 Dr.Landow is honest &amp; straight-to-the-point. I have always had good visits with him, &amp; so has my grand-daughter. He's a smart man, &amp; I tell him that everytime I visit.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:MedicarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
99	0	commentsThis doctor was on TV and Radio and people felt he had to be good.  I found out he didn't really want to treat skin conditions but was more of a bookworm and academic. He was careless with his laser and burned my skin repeatedly and didn't seem to care about the pain he was causing.  Several of my friends saw him and refused to go back.  This guy should be holed up in some lab doing research and should not deal with the public since he has no compassion or social skills. 	1	1	1	5	Insurance:Unknown
99	-1	 Completely unprofessional and poor diagnostician.  Went for years because people said he was good.  Found another dermatologist and got immediate treatment and correct diagnosis for simple condition.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:PacificarePaid/Co-pay:$50
99	-1	commentsI went to this doctor when I was 18 first because I had a mole on my arm to be removed. He told me it would leave a scar that was a small line my mole was the size of a pencil eraser. After he remove it and it healed it was the size of 3 pencil erasers, it was raised and red for several months. At the same time I had a wart on my knee and smaller ones on my calf. He gave me a cream that did not work. I went to another dermatologist that gave me shots of steroids in my scar that made it go flat and the color of my skin. At the same time he used nitrogen to remove the warts and they never came back. Another thing about this doctor is that he was odd and when he spoke to me he got so close to my face it was uncomfotable. I'm talking two inches from my face. Complete weirdo! 	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
99	-1	 Several years ago as a young mother, my 2 year old daughter lost some of her hair. I was actually supposed to go to Landau's partner, but ended up with him. He was cold and arrogant. He said she probably had alopecia and could be bald for life. Then he walked out. What kind of doctor does that to a young mother&#63; I was hysterical and complained to my pediatrician. I would never recommend this man to anyone. Fortunately, he was wrong.  She had a reaction to some medication, but it's not like he even bothered to try to find out 	4	3	1	2	Insurance:AetnaPaid/Co-pay:$50
99	-1	commentsVery arrogant, took my son there for some fingernail issues.  When I made the appointment I informed the staff that I was bringing him there for nail issues, he walked in the room, didn't say hi, just said, &quot;Good news, I don't deal with fingernails&quot;, then walked back out.  Would not recommend him to my worst enemy. 	1	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
99	1	commentsExcellent skin doctor who will spend lots of time with you & not rush. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
