dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	I appreciate all that Dr Umbach did for me. I would recomend him to anyone. Thanks Dr Umbach! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	. Dr Umbach takes his time and explanes everything in detail and helps you understand all the risks there are he cares and his staff is outgoing and friendly i have had no problems from my Bypass and have lost 300lbs since i have seen Dr Umbach he has changed my life and he can change yours 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
1	1	Very helpfull and understanding. And you actually see him before/after and during all visits..  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
1	0	Very careless with my operation.  I need another surgery to FIX the mess he made.  I would NOT recommend this doctor to ANYONE.  BEWARE of his surgical work.  	3	3	3	2 	Insurance:Medicare
1	-1	When he messed up my bypass he simple said to me &quot;I don't do after care. &quot; Now I've had 9 operations in 6 months to fix his careless work 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
1	1	He is very experienced with lapband surgery, and gastric bi pass.  Really caring Dr.  	5	5	2	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	1	Very nice, good follow up.  Very helpful staff.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	-1	. Does not have a very good bedside manner! 	1	4	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	She was very witty! I like her and I tgink I'm going to keep her as my GP. I like that she didn't just take one look at me and throw antibiotics at me, but actually looked me over thoroughly and asked several questions. The stuff she prescribed me helped me feel better very quickly, and I like that she acknowledged my weight loss goals, but didn't go into a diatribe as to how I need to lose weight.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
3	0	I went for two years complaining of the same issue, and this doctor continued to blame the same problem.  When I finally demanded a test to be done and it turned out I had a major issue and I was &quot;one step away from cancer&quot; as my surgeon explained.  Dr. Uhalde is always VERY abrupt in the office.  Her bedside manner is unacceptable. She made me feel as if everything I was telling I was making up.  I would NEVER recommend this doctor to anyone.  The other doctors in her group are wonderful and are of no reflection on Dr. Uhalde. 	4	2	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
