dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
8	1	commentsHe is a nice man but I would not recommend him, He put me on some meds and I ended up in the hospital. Also he came by to see me at 10 and 11 o'clock at night. What kind of doctor visits his patients so late. I don't recommend him. 	3	3	4	3	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	 very nice and caring doctor.   easy to talk to 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:GHIPaid/Co-pay:$15
12	1	 He is very friendly and open 7 days a week. Appointments are not required.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:AetnaPaid/Co-pay:$20
12	-1	commentsI visited Dr. Babu for an annual checkup.  I had been there before, but not for a checkup.  The nurse did not use a sphygmomanometer to measure my blood pressure, but the same digital blood pressure monitor you could buy at a store, which is not accurate.  I gave her blood and urine samples.  When Dr. Babu came in, he asked if everything was OK, and I said yes.  He then but a stethoscope against my back to check my breathing and then put it against my chest to check my heart.  And that's all he did.  The checkup could not have taken more than a minute.  He didn't check my prostate or genitals.  When I told him I had injured my wrist while working out, he didn't bother to feel it or even look at it, and instead said to get it X-rayed and go to an orthopedist.  He spent most of the time working on the computer in the room.  I have never seen a more disinterested medical or non-medical professional before who did such a perfunctory job.  I will not go to Dr. Baby again. 	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	 I am shocked to see some of these negative reviews about Dr Badalaty's office. I have been bringing my boys to her since they were 3yo. They are now 15 and 19. I HAVE NEVER HAD A NEGATIVE EXPERIENCE IN HER OFFICE, WITH STAFF OR OTHERWISE!!Everyone there is very caring and professional. Dr Badalaty always goes out of her way to make the patients AND the parents comfortable! There is a lighthearted and compassionate feel to the doctor and staff. I always leave with questions answered, and have on occassion had to call to ask one. Dr Badalaty personally responed to my call.   Fun, energetic and professional office...  CHEERS TO YOU DR BADALATY AND STAFF!!!! 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	-1	 Awful experience for my young son. I made Dr. Badalaty aware that my son was afraid of dentists and when he got upset she called him pathetic. Unfortunately my son didn't tell me this until we went to a new dentist. She damaged the tooth next to the one she was supposed to be fixing with the drill and tried to say it was a cavity.  	2	1	1	1	Insurance:Delta Dental
15	1	commentsDr. Badalaty has a beautiful office loaded with video games, stuffed animals and prizes. The staff is kind and efficient. My kids LOVED the experience. Yes you will be asked to wait in the waiting area while your child is being treated but if there are any issues she will bring you back into the treatment area and point them out to you. I would imagine that it would be very difficult for her to work if parents were allowed to stay. I have been to other pediatric dentists that have the same policy. I highly reccomend Dr. Badalaty 	5	3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	commentsYOU ALWAYS WAIT AT LEAST 45 MIN. NOT GOOD W/ YOUNG CHILDREN. MADE ME 3 YEAR OLD CRY TWICE. WOULDNT LET ME GO IN W/ MY 5 YEAR OLD. DO NOT RECOMMEND FOR YOUNG CHILDREN 	3	2	3	4	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	 Dr Badalaty is Excellent. My kids had previous bad experiences with another dentist and were afraid. Now a year later they are excited to go to the dentist and go into the dental chair independently thanks to Dr.  Madeline 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Delta Dental
15	-1	commentsThis dentist has a policy that parents are allowed with the child in the exam room only on the first visit. On my 3 year old daughter's first visit, my daughter didn't want to sit still. Instead of gently dealing with the situation, Dr. Badalaty was very rough with her. I am afraid of my daughter becoming traumatized from her experience, which is the opposite of what should happen at a first dentist visit. Dr. Badalaty then insisted that she be examined alone next time. No way, after that type of treatment, I would be afraid to let her alone with Dr. Badalaty. 	3	5	1	3	Insurance:Unknown
15	0	 This doctor was outright rude to me. I took my child to extract teeth that were blocking permanent tooth from coming out properly. When I asked to talk to her about what is going to be done, she was outright condescending and rude. I have taken my two kids to her for over 5 years and have always found that she seemed to hate it when asked to explain things. This occasion however, she displayed utter lack of professionalism and that will be the last time my kids went to her dentistry. Wouldn't recommend her to anyone anymore.  There are lot of good dentists around so her attitude is not worth putting up with 	3	4	1	4	Insurance:Delta Dental
15	1	 Dr. Badalaty is the BEST!!  She is a gifted dentist and she is absolutley wonderful.  I am so happy that I was referred to her.  She is truly a special dentist who can put even the most apprehensive kids at ease.  I highly recommend her to all of my friends with young children.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	1	 Very patient and caring professional. The kids are actually not that upset about going to the dentist.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
15	1	 She is the greatest dentist ever. As a child I was petrified and still am due to many bad experiences. My children have been spared and look forward to the visit.  She is kind and her staff is wonderful! 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
15	1	 I have mixed feelings about this dentist.I always respect a doctors office policy,but when it comes to seeing what any doctor is doing to my child, that is 100% my decision.My daughter is 6 years old, not 16,and I have every right to be in the room with her. I am not one of those pesty mothers who hover over there child at the doctor and I would like her to be independent.I should not be told by ANYONE that I cannot be in the room with my child.If you want to be in the room while your child is a patient then this is not the dentist for you.  	2	4	3	4	Insurance:United Healthcare
15	1	commentsI LOVEEEEE Dr. Badalaty. I have never experienced anything wrong with her. GO TO HER!!!!!!!!!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
15	-1	 Surprise $50 co pay, never told there was a bill. When I told her I didn't have a check book and asked for a copy of the bill and I would pay it. Dr refused and would not see my child. Had been taking my kids there for years but no longer. When I went to another dentist and requested the files Dr refused. Would not recomend to any one. Poor service.  		1	1	1	Insurance:Delta Dental
15	1	commentsHad an excellent experience from the moment I walked in the door. The staff could not have been more helpful from the girls at the desk to the girls helping the doctor. I had a few questions and everyone was more than willing to answer them and share their experience.My 4 year old had the best time and asks me all the time when are we going back to visit Dr. Madeline&#63; 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
15	-1	commentsSurprised us with a bill for $50 for fluoride treatments we DID NOT REQUEST!!!!!!! I WOULD NEVER USE THIS DENTIST AGAIN !!!!!!! 		1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	commentsReally good with the kids - fun office! 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	commentsWas my children's pediatric dentist and we ALL LOVED HER. My daughter would still like to be her patient even thou she is an adult! You can't find better! 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	 Madeline is a Pediatric Dentist and she is awsome! Kids and parents alike love her.  My kids are teenagers now but have NEVER been afraid of going to the dentist , like I was as a kid! 		4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	 I have a history of colon cancer in my family and so it is necessary for me have colonoscopies every two years.  I have never had a problem and I am always happily amazed at how smoothly it goes every time.  I have had four colonoscopies with Dr. Bae and I would NEVER go anywhere else.  He is extremely knowledgeable and thorough. He is the best.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	-1	 I have never commented on a physician before but I was truly offended by Dr. Bae's rebuttal to the patient who was told there problem was they were &quot;fat&quot;. I find Dr. Bae's response patently dishonest, as I was told on more than one occassion the same demeaning comment. Not that my &quot;weigh was contributing to a problem&quot;, simply you are fat with the last time I went him touching my stomach for emphasis. I never went back. I also was not surprised to see him make mention of the fact he trained at Sloan Kettering. That was one of the first things he told me and friends who have seen them as well. It made no sense to me as Sloan Kettering is famous for their cancer care, and Dr Bae is not a cancer speciList. He is a GI doctor. The GI program must be the most one dimensional mediocre programs because that is the last place on the earth you would go if you had anything but cancer. US News World Report rated it lower than Hunterdon in 2010. He is arrogant and insulting.  	2	2	1	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	 I have found Dr. Bae to be warm and friendly and caring.  He is always on time and takes the time to listen to me.  He is very supportive and was very gentle in telling me I need to lose weight.  Of course, I am following WW and have lost 55 pounds which could be why I wasn't offended when he brought up the topic, unlike another reviewer here.  I know I need to lose weight and am working at it.  He is one of my biggest cheerleaders in that regard (in addition to my GP and my cardiologist).  He does have a high opinion of himself, I agree with that, but he always listens too.  	3	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
19	-1	.   	1	1	1	1	Insurance:MedicarePaid/Co-pay:$245
19	-1	 In addition to Crohns, I became type 1 diabetic after being on prednisone too long.  Bae would often be arrogant, saying he gives me more time than other patients which is amazing since I often waited an hour to see him and he gives me 5 minutes.  He also told me that I don't respect him enough and other patients beg to see him.  His ego and relatively poor care, along with a horrible office staff was more than I could take after going to him for a few years.  I went to another doctor who is much better.  I would never recommend him.  	1	2	2	2	Insurance:United Healthcare
19	1	commentsDr. Bae was very helpful with treatment for myself and my husband. He is not overly warm and friendly but he listened well and successfully diagnosed and treated us. (and that is what is really important here) 	5	5	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	 I was seeing another doctor in that practice that I was not happy with at all. Dr. Bae has helped me in so many ways. I am 35 years old and have been diagnosed with Crone's, IBS and many more. I'm healthy otherwise. He made me very comfortable considering how upset I was when I first saw him. He does not make you feel uncomfortable at all. He knows what he is talking about.  	3	3	4	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	-1	 Extremely arrogant and insulting. Told me my problem was &quot;you're fat&quot;. How demeaning, and unprofessional can someone be&#63; There is no one that is overweight that does not realize it. I was humiliated. I wanted to respond, &quot;yes and you are short.&quot; Should have left the office at that point but knew I needed a colinoscopy.  That was a nightmare, I was in so much pain when I woke up part way through it. He said I had &quot;visceral hypersensitivity&quot;. I think that is another way of saying he is lousy at colonoscopy. None of my friends that went elsewhere had such a bad experience. Would never see him again or recommend him to anyone.  	2	2	2	2	Insurance:Aetna
26	1	 Very efficient and friendly staff.  Dr. Bacani is very caring and explained everything completely.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	1	commentsExcellent and outstanding cardiologist,perhaps the best in Ocean county!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
33	-1	commentsHe made me feel really uncomfortable. He was ignorant and uncaring. He referred to my mother when asking personal questions about MYSELF, and he didn't really listen to me. He always draws conclusions and will wrongly diagnose you, so watch what you say when visiting him. The office was filthy as well, let alone the whole venue. The whole building just had this eerie feel, and if anything it made me more depressed. There was even a cockroach on the ground when I was leaving. Overall the visit was terrible, and I did not like telling him THAT much about myself. He jumps the gun and is quick to say what you are and aren't without really probing you well and analyzing your situation. I could barely even understand him, that accent! Ugh. Please look elsewhere. 	3	4	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	commentsgreat doctor - very knowledgeable, easy to schedule easy to speak to, understands immigrants 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
33	-1	commentsWorst doctor I have ever been to. He was very unprofessional, uncaring, and unpleasant. Should never be allowed to speak to a suicidal patient. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
33	0	commentshe will put you in the hospital for life 	4	4	4	1	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	 Dr. Bade is without question the best orthopedist out there. My 15 year old daughter has had five knee surgeries in 2 years and he was the one who finally &quot;fixed&quot; her. Kind, gentle, compassionate and beyond competent only begin to describe him. My family will be eternally grateful that we found him. The office staff is the best, courteous, efficient and just all-around nice, especially the Tinton Falls office.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
35	1	comments100 rupture of tricep tendon with fractured elbow lost complete mobility of left arm- 5 months later feel strong and back to my old self will recommend to others this time I will not lift too heavy but now I can do any chore or job that comes my way 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	commentsDr. Bade is an excellent physician.  I would rate him among the very best,  i had rotator cuff surgery and never had pain.  Because he is 100%, he demands as much for his staff.  He is compassionate, helpful.  Thank you Dr. Bade 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	.  Great doctor- did my Mom's hips when she was in her 80's We were blessed to have him- 	4	2	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	1	 About as good as it get in Medicine.  There's a reason why people wait on line to see him, he's great! 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
35	1	commentsI would recommend this MD to all my friends and family. His bedside manor was true and compassionate.  He spend a very long time with me explaining my condition and was eager to answer my questions. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	commentsDr. Bade was so kind with my 3year old daughter after she broke her arm.  He is the consummate professional.  I would highly recommend him to anyone. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	 Dr. Bachrach is a gifted physician.  I have been going to her for over 10 years.  She gives my concerns alot of thought, considers alternate diagnoses rather than assume the obvious, takes her time to learn everything about me, never ever rushes me out of the office till my concerns are addressed, acts immediately on my concerns.  I respect her immensely and trust her opinions.  She is the only doctor that I see that I am not suspicious of her expertise or advise. I usually don't trust any doctor.  She is excellent.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
39	1	 Doctor Bacharach is an excellent physician.  Very helpful, as well as knowledgeable in all areas of Family/General medicine. Takes the time to sit and work with patients and explain conditions, various medicines used to treat conditions, as well as side effects etc. I highly recommend Dr. Bacharach as a physician.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
39	1	 Very caring, takes time to listen, has a wide range of knowledge. I recommend her enthusiastically.  	4	3	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
42	1	commentsvery good and proficient doctor.. Paid/Co-pay:$110	4	4	5	4	Insurance:Unknown
44	-1	.  worst doctor in newjersey, wouldnt trust her with my life, wont go into detail, just trust me, shes very cold!!!!! 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:CIGNA
50	1	.  Very good doctor with good bedside manner spend time answer questions 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:OxfordPaid/Co-pay:$20
50	0	comments 	3	3	3	3	Insurance:Unknown
50	-1	 I would not recommend this doctor for anyone, he only care about making money out of you, he never spend time with you and his staff does not care about patience.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Aetna
52	-1	commentsI had symptoms of hypothyroid &amp; possibly anemia. I had blood tests done but after days of trying to get a call back about my blood work (which I had a copy from the lab) I finally got a call from a receptionist who said &quot;yeah, you're fine, there's nothing wrong with you&quot; (&#63;) I went in because I had almost a 20lb weight gain in 2 months with no change in eating which I eat healthy &amp; exercise, dry skin, brain fog, low energy, dry hair &amp; hair falling out etc. Luckily, after researching I found out that the lab scale that was used for &quot;normal&quot; was not all that &quot;normal&quot;. Unfortunately, he ignored my symptoms completely and just assessed I was fine based on a one-time blood test, which included one particular thyroid test (T3 uptake) that's not even really used anymore. My TSH was in the normal range but I've learned since then that just because your TSH is normal on a random blood test doesn't mean that you're not hypothyroid. I'm starting thyroid supplements &amp; B12 for the anemia. 	4	5	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	 I got a kick out of the one comment about &quot;her office&quot;.  He's always been good with followups &amp; call backs 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
52	-1	commentsI found her office to be poorly run and the lack of privacy was totally unprofessional. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
52	-1	commentsHad a severe headache for several weeks, figured I needed a referral for the eye doctor. Dr. did not bother to call me back or to let me know that he called in a prescription. Why did he prescribe pills without checking to see why I was having severe headaches&#63; 		1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	 Dr. Bach is very personable, and very funny. He is a rehabilitation doctor, but specializes in helping neuromuscular disease patients breathe better. He feels pulmonologists cannot help these folks, and his own ideas that are on his website and his book. Extremely down to earth. The only bad side is we waited over an hour past our appointment, and he didn't really read the history. His point was that whether we get a diagnosis or not, there isn't any treatments. So instead, we should focus on breathing better, which is his area. Funny guy, and knows his stuff (though not all doctors would agree with him). Really glad we saw him.  	4	2	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
54	1	 This doctor saves lives, all the time and saved mine. His waiting room was full of grateful patients, and their families. He helps people with muscular dystrophy, ALS, polio, and all breathing conditions when no one else can, or will. He cares so much for all of his patients.  	3	3	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
59	-1	comments 	1	1	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	 It was my first time seeing Dr. Bachman and I thought he was great. Very easy to talk to and he took his time and didn't rush. I would highly recommend him and would go back with any other problems.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	1	 Office does get crowded so you may have to wait a while.  	5	3	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	1	 I have seen Dr Bachman for a myriad of Foot issues over the years.  (othotics, warts)  Nobody cares as much as Dr Bachman,  He is patient and has taught me impulse control and is a true expert in his field.  One of my best DRS. Great Bedside Manner.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
63	1	 best gyn ever-now in research. former patients miss her terribly.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
63	1	comments 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
65	-1	.   	1	1	1	1	Insurance:AetnaPaid/Co-pay:$6000
65	1	 DR. Bader is very helpful and caring. He takes the time to listen to you and your children. I would highly recommend him.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
66	-1	 When comparing them to others in their field, I would say they are by far the worst I have ever seen.  I will never return. Most of the time, they don't call me back for quite a while, but they've called me back quickly once or twice. I feel like my appointment was pointless. None of my questions were answered, nothing was accomplished, and I felt worse when I left. The doctor recommends to take injection for naive things. The staff is very rude and actually asked me &quot;Are you dying&#63;&quot; when I persisted for the report. I had to wait for 2 hours when wait time was reported to me as 20 minutes. I was under atmost pain but they did not give a damn. The staff is pathetic doctor is bad, dont go here if you really want to get treated.  	1	1	2	2	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
67	-1	 This woman is really terrible. Rude, late, cold, uninterested, unsympathetic, makes using insurance a hassle. I second everything said already and will add that I when in college the university made referrals to off campus psychiatrists that accepted the school's health insurance. She was listed but NOT recommended by the school social worker because of the very reasons stated below.  If you're looking for a psychiatrist and you've stumbled on her-keep looking!! 	1	1	1	2	Insurance:Aetna
67	-1	 The most inconsiderate, UNTIMELY doctor I have ever been to in my life. Staff is pretty rude also.  	1	1	1	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	-1	 Looking for a doctor for my handicapped son, 34. Checking providers in the plan and came across this one. As I was reading through the horrible reviews, it occurred on me I had taken my son to see her a very long time ago!  The reviews are tell the same story!! My son was afraid of dogs, but she insisted that the dog had to stay for her own security as I recall. All of the negative points are unfortunately correct.   Its amazing to hear she is still in practice and things and her behavior is the same! 	3	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	-1	 Everything said her is 100 percent accurate. Wish I'd changed doctors long before I did.  	3	1	1	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	-1	 Dr. Apolito shows NO compassion, respect, or genuine concern about her patients. She does not recognize punctuality, disregards outside assistance, &amp; causes more pain than comfort. Please be aware of how disattached &amp; uninvolved she is. Her license needs to be revolked &amp; she needs to stop seeing patients if her behavior &amp; lack of compassion for her patients persists.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	-1	 Rude/short/curt, and always late. I am no longer her patient (for those reasons), but noticed an erroneous diagnosis in paperwork she sent me. She is not bothering to correct it after multiple contacts, and I'm afraid I will have to take her to court if there's no response soon--which I will have no qualms about doing. I work in mental health, and this is the most unprofessional doctor I have encountered, either as a coworker or a practitioner. And yes, she did seem very sleepy much of the time.  	2	1	2	2	Insurance:Aetna
67	-1	 This woman is a real piece of work. I just had an appointment at 5:45pm and showed up at 5:30pm. It was 7:20pm and I was not called into her office, however 2 other people who showed up and hour and a half after me was seen by her. She is unprofessional and unconcerned of others peoples time. This has happend every single time I have gone to her. I just thought that it might get better and I have had enough of this nonsense behavior. Its not like she didnot see me in her office when she was calling the others in her office. I am finding a new doctor.  Beware of this doctor's late practices!!!! 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	-1	 I have read all of the above comments and agree totally. I had been seeing her for 3 years and never really liked her.  Not having seen a psychiatrist before I really did not know any better.  The last straw was after my last apppointment I had to wait 1 hour and 45 minutes.  Once I got into the room, I blasted her.  I told her she was unprofessional, incompassionate and that I would no longer be dealing with her.  What makes her think her time is more valuable than mine.  For a half hour session (which really only took 10 minutes) it took 2-1/2 hours out of my evening.  Never again.   It is definitely time for her to retire! 	2	1	2	2	Insurance:Aetna
67	-1	 I had to call several times to get an appt. They made me call my ins. co. about lots of details just to get an appt. And when they called me with an opening, I rearranged several people's schedules to come, only to find no one at the office. They completely forgot  about me! When I asked her office mates about her or the receptionist, they laughed and rolled their eyes, as if she constantly forgets her appointments. Her office mates were rude and unhelpful too, with no compassion. I would NEVER go back to that office EVER AGAIN.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	-1	.   	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	-1	 This was the worst doctor I may have ever met. Total lack of communication with every aspect from getting the appointment just for starters. She had the personality of a brick. I think she was sleeping with her eyes open.  THE WORST! 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	-1	 Wow, I hope she loses business. After seeing this site I guess she will. My God, 1 1/2  hr  She was falling asleep in the office. The worst part. lol. She has a huge dog in her office. A huge dog. I never heard anything like it before. I like dogs but not in an office. Oh, her office is in her home. She is highly unprofessional. When I told another psychiatrist, she could not believe it.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	-1	commentsI am so glad I found this site. I am a mental health professional and have never come across someone as cold, disconnected, and strange as this woman is.  She barely took a medical history, her eyes were closing during the very brief session and I waited 90 minutes to see her. 	1	1	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
67	-1	 Horrible. Always a very long wait. She charges $30 to call the pharmacy. Never gives enough refills. Once she tried to charge me for an appt that I left after waiting an hour. She tried to charge me as if I didn't show up. She doesn't remember anything, which is scary since she just keeps piling on the meds. Very insensitive to my concerns with the meds. She prescribes more meds to cover the side effects of the others. The dog doesn't bother me, but every time I see her I feel worse. I don't know why she's a doctor; she doesn't seem to care at all.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$15
67	0	 Ditto on all of the previous comments!  Sometimes I'd wait two hours for a ten minute session. She was somewhat impersonal too. At times, it felt more like a business transaction than a therapy session.  	1	1	2	3	Insurance:Oxford
67	-1	 She's a joke. Having a dog in her office sniffing and licking you is very unprofessional.  	1	1	1	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$40
67	-1	 Dr. was one and 1/2 hours late...kept falling asleep closing her eyes during the session. Brely paid attention to what I was saying..only got alert when she answered her cell phone to speak to her car mechanic..scary that this woman is praticing.  	1	1	1	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	-1	commentsGuys:  I went to this doctor a long time ago.  Sorry to see she hasn't changed after all these years.  This lady is a real piece of work.  Don't waste your time on her.  I'm sorry I ever did.  She should have had her license revoked years ago. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
67	0	 By far the most awful psychiatry experience I've ever had. She's never on time, sometimes 1 to 2 HOURS late. But the one time I was 10 minutes late, she cancelled my appt and charged me for it. She will charge you for any appt you miss if you haven't called a long time in advance. Also, she charges each new patient $300 initially b/c she doesn't want to wait for their insurance to clear. You do not get this money back, but it goes as a credit toward your future visits. Her staff is horrible; they're hard to get a hold of and they've made at least 3 or 4 billing mistakes with my account. There seems to be ZERO communication between her and her staff. She has no bedside manner; she comes across as cold, disinterested, and haughty. Sometimes it doesn't even seem as if she's listening, and she has very few suggestions outside medication. Kept going for months assuming it'd get better but finally had to leave and felt compelled to warn others.  	1	1	2	3	Insurance:AetnaPaid/Co-pay:$300
67	-1	 Had the same experience as the others. Extremely late for appointments. Had to wait over two hours for my second appointment. I also thought she was falling asleep. Might be time for retirement.  		1	1	1	Insurance:Oxford
67	-1	 Always had to wait feed back was terrible couldnt tell if she was falling asleep. Spent money got nothing out of it.  		1	1	3	Insurance:OxfordPaid/Co-pay:$4500
67	0	 Always extremely late for appointments - be prepared to wait at least an hour. Difficult to talk to and I never felt like she was listening. She almost looked like she was falling asleep. Not recommended.  		1	2	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
71	0	 The doctors is aggresive at times in &quot;selling&quot; you other services. Seems to be trying to add aditional business at the your expense. Very aggresive phone calls.  	3	3	3	3	Insurance:Delta Dental
74	-1	commentsI lipoto flanks, abdomen, inner thigh, hip area and butt (unconsented) performed by Dr. Lyle Back of Cherry Hill, NJ.  Immediately I noticed irregularities – too much fat taken out on left side of body (flanks, butt and inner thigh) compared to right.  Also, he he created an unnatural butt crease which caused my butt to drop &amp; sag.  This was never discussed with me nor did I consent to this.  I have talked to Dr. Back on several occasions about my concerns.  He kept telling me that it could take a year to see the final result. I am not at all happy with the results. My body is completely uneven and my butt is not repairable without extensive scarring.  I have been trying to work with him to correct the problem areas.  He said he would do the revision for no charge to me.  After that meeting, his office manager called and said he now wants to charge me $4200 to fix his mistakes.  I paid $7000 already and did not get the benefit of any good work. Paid/Co-pay:$7000	5	4	2	1	Insurance:Unknown
75	1	 Dr. Bacha is by far the best pediatrician I've ever taken my child too.  Very warm and caring, great bedside manner.  Very open minded and willing to spend the time to talk with you.  My son has been going to him for 12 years and I drive an hour just to see him.  I wouldn't go anwhere else.  I wish I could see him myself - I will be very sad when my son is too old to see him anymore! 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
75	1	 AWESOME doctor!  Dr. Bacha is such a warm and loving doctor.  Truly cares for his patients,  My children have been with him for more than 12 yrs and wouldn't have them anywhere else.  Great doctor.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
91	1	 Dr. Bacci has provided excellent care for me for over 5 years. She has referred me to specialists when necessary but still followed up with me to monitor my overall health. Office is small and friendly with appointments available mornings or evenings different days. Very rarely a wait of more than 5 minutes.  	5	5	4	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
91	0	comments 	3	3	3	3	Insurance:Unknown
96	1	commentsDentist and assistant are good but the receptionist is very arrogant and rude. Not sure why. 	4	4	4	3	Insurance:Unknown
96	-1	commentsRude staff. I would not recommend these people for anything. There are too many dentist in this area to have to put up with this kind of care 	1	2	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
96	1	commentsDr. Babyak is the best dentist I have ever had. Her bedside manner is fantastic. She is very thorough and careful in her work and takes the time necessary to get the job done right. In these days when insurance companies seem to be more important than the doctor-patient relationship, it's great to have a good dentist who cares more for her patient than the dictates of the insurance company. I highy recommend her. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
96	1	commentsSweet and caring!  Gentle touch, very knowledgeable.  Excellent with children especially.  Spacious clean office, professional staff. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
