dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
5	-1	commentsFirst I was treated like scum for not having insurance. I went in to get a filling done. They told me I needed a root canal. I said I couldn't afford the root canal and was fine with leaving. The dentist than back tracked and said that was worse case scenario. Before the procedure another woman came into the room and told me I needed to pre pay for the procedure. I was already sitting in the chair. I questioned this and she said it was procedure. I asked how can someone pre pay for something they don't know what it is yet. After catching her in a lie and discriminating against me for not having insurance she left the room. The dentist did the filling and the root canal was never needed. I saved 2,300 just by not having insurance they could rob. Please people I'm real and this happened. This place is awful and they treat people like trash and try to take advantage of you. I could have had 2,600 dollars in bills for something I never needed. 	1	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
5	-1	 A big disappointment, did a lot of research and thought I have found a good dentist with reasonable cost for a tooth implant.  I am now stuck with pain and might eventually needed a 2nd implant to support the first.  When I 1st walked in the office, they took cast scan of my full month to determine the proper location for placing the implant, the cast scan was outrageously expensive and I was charged for $300 co-pay. The implant ultimately was not placed deep enough which causes pain on a regular basis. Went back to have her do something about it, she refuses to admit the malfunction of her work but yet had me took another cast scan for another tooth implant.  Never go back to her for any more dental work done.  I am now stuck with a huge payment and a painful tooth………….  	4	4	1	2	Insurance:United Healthcare
5	1	commentsyea thirty six thousand, no insurance all cash.  and probably the best $$ i ever spent. the staff was better than can be dreamed for the work is second to none and the cost is in line with every other dentist out there. I'll be going back to her for life and recommending her to everyone i meet. 8 procedures in 12 months for replacing all my teeth with implants. and i can't wait to go see them all again. i never looked forward to seeing my dentist before Dr. Wang,  i do now.  Thanks Dr Wang, Lynn, Michelle, Julie, theresa and everyone else,  hope to see you all again soon Paid/Co-pay:$36000	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
5	-1	commentshad a broken tooth, had exrays was told just needed crown done,said roots looked good, had it done in one day using new type of glue. crown fell off in 2 days went back doctor,she was out of town, assistants glued back on using old style glue held fine, never received any phone call to appologize , after a few weeks started to have pain in tooth and had it rechecked she took more exrays and they were fine and then proceeded to file new crown to match upper tooth bite. told me if that didnt work i would need a root canal. well its still the same and im not going back to her for a root canal especially when she told me roots were fine in the beginning, ill get a second opinion. Especially when everytime i go there somone is being scheduled for a crown or a root canal. wake up people. thats why she has a brand new office   fast talker!!! 	3	3	3	1	Insurance:Unknown
5	-1	 I had a root canal done by Dr. Wang. She was very good at giving the novocaine but she did it in one session, took an x-ray and said all I needed was a post and core and crown for the tooth. I moved out of the area and went to a new dentist. That tooth was bothering me. He took an x-ray and come to find out she didn't finish it or fill it. It started to decay from inside under the gumline, which in turn affected the tooth in front of and behind it. I had no choice but to have all three teeth pulled. I know alot of people wait a long time to have the crown because of money but she put a temporary filling in and charged me for an amalgam filling. So needless to say I am now out 1400 dollars and 3 teeth.  Thanks 	3	1	3	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$1400
6	-1	 Dr. Waren has great bedside manner, but I was recently disappointed in a rushed diagnosis, resulting in an MRI I didn't need that cost me more than $2,000. When the results came back negative and I called her to further discuss what could be ailing me, I never received a return call. This was truly unexpected and disappointing. I am considering switching to another physician.  	5	4	1	2	Insurance:Anthem
6	1	 Dr Waren is wonderful and always lets her patients have a say,as to the treatment they would prefer.  		5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
6	1	commentsCaring honest care. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	 great office and great doctor.  Veru helpful and kind 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
13	-1	commentsDoesn't listen. No instructions for meds. Over medicated me. Never knew who I was when I came for an appointment. Didn't address the cause of my problem. Hard to get an appointment because she only works 2 days a week. Dismissive. Doesn't ask questions. Doesn't bother to diagnose; just sent me home with a scrip that didn't help. I wound up returning to my Chinese doctor. 	2	5	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	commentsI was nervous taking my son to this doctor based on the two reviewed posted, but I also know that sometimes only negative comments are posted.  In the end, Dr. Waldman was personable, helpful and professional.  His surgical staff was great.  I felt very comfortable after my son's wisdom teeth extraction with making a future appt to bring my OTHER son back to have the same procedure done.  Although his office looks like it hasn't been updated since 1982 and they are old-school in that they don't use computers for scheduling, etc, his experience more than made up for the setting/office technology.  I have no quams about bringing my 2nd son back in and would recommend this doc. 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
23	-1	 He should be canned. When he took my molars out,there was a sinus approxiamtion &amp; until now my upper jaw bone is not healing this was 3 years ago. This dentist has a hobby of pulling carrots. He didn't bother to wear a scrub or a gloves. And his clinic is dirty. He took 4 molars from one of my friend's kid . The kid was sedated &amp; totally out after the surgery &amp; he just roll him into this bench while he was unconscious. The bench was like 2ftx5 ft. long. The dental chairs are obsolete,the lightings are so yellowish that showed how long the bulb wasn't changed. Fi I can give this dentist zero I would.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
23	-1	 Has reputation in town as the oral surgeon to stay away from. Bad experience with family member who had to have work redone by better doctor. Stay away.  	3	5	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	1	 Dr. Webb is a wonderful physician and surgeon. He has been enormously helpful and communicative with me, and is very calming and reassuring in his demeanor. I had microfracture knee surgery with Dr. Webb, and he is one of the few physicians that I actually look forward to seeing. His communication is very clear, and his advice is easy to follow and pragmatic. I would highly recommend Dr.  Webb to anyone with a problem knee! 	5	3	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	1	commentsI had a macs lift as well as several lipomas removed by Dr. Waldman.  The guys is an excellent surgeon and I had no problem at all with his bedside manner.  Most importantly the results of his surgery have been excellent.  He is an excellent surgeon and that's what matters most.  I recommend him highly...... Paid/Co-pay:$5000	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	 Great surgeon but snobbish, cold and bad bedside manner. He needs to work on his social skills to be more pleasant with his patients.  	4	5	3	5	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
38	-1	commentsI think Dr. Waldman is the rudest and most arrogant physcian I have ever seen!  I went for two vists and both times was shocked at his arrogance.  He has the WORST bedside manner I have ever experienced and I am registered nurse that has worked in multiple states.  I would never recommend Dr. Waldman for one thing, he is terrible! 	3	4	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	 My Lip was hanging off my face in a sports accident and Dr. Waldman came to the emergency room to put it back. The staff was great with follow up appointments. Years later and nobody even notices that I had a major facial injury. He is a great surgeon.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	1	commentsI'm truly impressed with Dr. Waldman - he is so talented and I trust him implicitly. I went to him for advice on what he could do to help me address wrinkles, bags, sunken cheeks and frown lines.  He made his recommendations and I opted for Botox, Radiesse, Blepharoplasty, and Obaji skin care products.  Now I look absolutely RADIENT, at least 10 yrs younger than my real age (44) and better than I did at age 25. My eyes look incredible (but real - not pulled back - not suprised, etc). My skin glows. My cheeks are full again - but nothing looks fake. Just true to life and like ME. He would never make me look plastic, I'm sure of that. My own mother didn't even notice the work I've done - she just thought my new haircut made me look so much younger. THAT is the true litmus test, is it not&#63; I'm so confident now and I just can't get over how good I look now - which is a lot better than I ever expected. I would recommend Dr Waldman over and over again. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	 Wonderful experience. Dr. Waldman was very sensitive and helpful.   I appreciated his guidance and honesty in my consultation.  The office staff  has been wonderful as well.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
38	1	commentsAfter spending all this money, and being bruised for over a month, the areas he treated are the same as BEFORE being treated.  No change whatsoever.  I complained but got no response.  Just took my money! Would not recommend him at all. Paid/Co-pay:$650	4	4	4	4	Insurance:Unknown
38	0	 Dr. jeremy Waldman was down right rude and arrogant. Before I had a simple procedure with him I asked a few questions. His responses were flip and rude. In addition, on a previous occasion, when my husband called the office with questions, Dr. Waldman was curt and acted as though the questions were unecessary and that I ( the patient) was being whimpy about pain. Though I do feel Dr.  Waldman knows his craft, his bedside manner leaves A LOT to be desired! 	4	5	2	4	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
38	0	 Jeremy Waldman was very rude and arrogant at several office visits. After having signed a form which talked about a variety of surgical methods, I asked a question about which method would be used. When asked if laser surgery would be performed the answer I recieved was &quot;do you see a laser here&#63;&quot; Do you think the ceiling panels will open and laser will drop down&#63;&quot; I was very surprised by the condescending answer and toneof this response. Dr. Waldman is arrogant and his bed side manner is unacceptable.Patients have the right and should ask questions. I will be looking for another dermatologist and plastic surgeon.  	4	5	1	4	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
38	1	comments 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	 Dr. Wasserman is a kind and caring doctor.  He listens to his patience and he's not judgemental.  I would highly recommend him to anyone that wants a doctor that acts as a partner in your health care.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
42	1	 Dr. Wasileski actually listens and spends time with you. She clearly cares about helping people and is very knowledgeable.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
56	1	commentsHe is the best doctor I've ever had 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
59	1	 Attentive, thorough, knowledgeable, willing to refer and research for in depth answers. A very pleasant and respectful demeanor.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
60	1	commentsStaff very helpful, gentle knowledgable Doctor, nice office 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
65	-1	commentsDr. Weener tries to fit in too many patients in a day -- leaving his patients feeling rushed and uncomfortable. He does not devote the time to get to know new patients or discuss dental issues in detail. I found him to be terse and condescending. If you are currently switching dentists or have recently moved to the area I would not recommend him. Routine cleanings and x-rays are also more expensive at his practice than others in the area. Important lesson learned: a luxurious waiting room and fancy facility does not = quality/affordable care. Paid/Co-pay:$750	3	3	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
69	-1	 unwilligness to inform patient of prgress and expectations of procedures, pardon the pun, &quot;left in the dark&quot;, you can fill in the blanks.  	1	3	1	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
71	1	 Very caring. Ask many questions and listens. I feel like he is very thourough.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:TricarePaid/Co-pay:$12
71	-1	.   	1	2	1	1	Insurance:Anthem
71	1	 Dr. Warach is a good Neurologist.  If it weren't for  him my problem would not have been caught...Yes he can be dry humor, and he asks lots of questions, if you think he isn't listening...well he is...When you call about something to do with your condition, there is a followup call from him within the hour.  I find him to be very professional, knowledgeable and I don't don't care if he is alittle dry...I trust him and I hold him high in confidence.  He is no nonsense...If there is something wrong he will help...be upfront with him.  Don't be fooled by his dry sense of humor... He does smile..rare, but he does...He is who he is and he is great!  Don't judge a book by its cover.  He is my hero...Without his help and diagnosis of seizures and the proper medicine I don't know what would have happened to me.  One doctor told me just concussion, and Dr. Warach took over and is helping and will continue to treat me...Can't say enough about him....  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
71	-1	 Diagnosed my lamictal allergy over the phone.  I wound up air lifted in critical condition a week later.  Kudos to vet school flunkies.  	5	1	1	1	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
71	0	 He was recommended to me with a warning about his HORRIBLE bedside manner. Good news: He discovered an undiagnosed seizure disorder.  Bad: I had a neurological episode which landed me in 2 separate ERs in 2 days, which they couldn't diagnose.  When I called him, he seemed unconcerned and questioned why the ER hadn't run specific tests.  I was obviously unable to answer those questions and scheduled an appointment.  He did not fit me in until 5 days after the initial event.  I had extreme difficulty speaking, walking, and processing information.  I had a nurse escort me into the office, essentially holding me up straight.  He asked me to walk for him to see; I fell into the counter and he had to catch me to keep me off the floor.  He then stated that since I can walk, I'm fine.  Arguing with him that I couldn't walk and that I wasn't fine was met with silence.  He shooed me out and that was that.  Even the nurse who walked me in was baffled.  Needless to say, I've changed neurologists.  	5	3	2	3	Insurance:CIGNAPaid/Co-pay:$10
71	0	 Difficult to know how to relate to this doctor.  I had to wait two hours in the waiting room past my scheduled appointment time and once I was seen, I felt rushed.  	3	1	2	3	Insurance:CIGNA
71	1	 The jury is still out on this doctor.  I've only seen him once and came out more confused then when I went in.  He fired off questions and was  onto the next question before I had time to answer his 1st question.  I didn't think he even heard some of my responses, but he did, and was thorough.  I didn't like the fact that he asked me if I wanted to go through some nerve testing, rather then recommend that I should.  He did order some blood work and recommended that I see if my situation worsens at which time I could come back in to have the testing.  I've got a good sense of humor and each time I said something funny, he referred to me as gelastic and told me to look it up.  When I did, I wasn't sure if I should have been insulted or not.  	5	5	4	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
71	1	 I found the staff extremely friendly,knowledgable & understanding of all my needs.Talking to them I came to understand Dr. Warach LIKE ALMOST EVERY SPECIALIST runs late , BUT after meeting with him,came to realize why....He actually listens to what you have to say,it sounds strange but he is fast yet thorough beyong belief! Once you get to know him  has a great sense of humor,not your typical &quot;kiss my butt&quot; type of doctor! He has wisdowm beyond his years . I would recommend him to anyone who wants knowledge & smarts over a &quot;i'll tell you what you want to hear&quot; doctor anyday! 	5	3	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
71	1	 I wasn't sure about Dr. Warach the first couple of times I saw him. As I once remarked to another physician about how anal he seems, her response was, &quot;Don't you want your neurologist to be anal&#63;&quot; I approved of that response! I have found him to be thorough and pretty knowledgeable. I present as a challenge, so I'm not an easy patient. He communicates with my other physicians. Dr. Warach has also been good with my children, one of whom is ADHD and very busy, able to engage them (and me) with humor and kindness during my visits. I'm glad he hasn't given up on me.  	5	3	4	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
71	1	 I find Dr. Warrach to have a very dry sense of humor and an acquired 'taste'.  I have had a stroke, severe epilepsy and have had a craniotomy due to a subdural hematoma and he was extremely good, patient, compassionate and a caring doctor.  If you can get past the dry sense of humor (which is actually pretty funny once you understand him), he is a fantastic doctor.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
71	-1	 He greeted me by asking if I was &quot;showing off&quot; my arm resting on bed. He referred to me as &quot;the worker's comp.&quot;. This was w/in the 1st few seconds of meeting. He pulled out a large safety pin from his pocket and proceeded to prick me w/ it. He then shoved it right back into his pocket. Having met several other specialists since meeting Warach, I now know I should have left immediately or insisted on professionalism. Pain prevails unfortunately. Others have treated me w/ respect and also used disposables to test for numbness. I was in no way impressed by Warach and his gross incompetence. His opinion ended up delaying treatment w/ professionals as they searched for diagnoses.  	1	3	1	1	Insurance:Workers Comp
71	1	 Before seeing Dr. Warach, I'd seen 5 other doctors, none oh whom could control my migraines and epilepsy. It is now 7 months later and I'm both seizure and migraine free!! He is also very sociable & funny. I HIGHLY recommend him.  		5	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
71	-1	 He was very late. He was not helpful at all. He jumped to conclusions without hearing my story first. He didn't want to do anything further testing on me. I would not recommend him.  		1	1	2	Insurance:CIGNAPaid/Co-pay:$40
71	-1	 Doesn't listen, egomaniac, jumps to conclusions, rude.  Pass on this doctor! 		1	1	2	Insurance:Anthem
73	1	 very caring, listens, takes the time to discuss problem.  too bad he retired.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
73	1	 Dr.Wachs is so kind and gentle and so very very understanding.Yes he may run late sometimes but he is worth the wait. I have been a patient for about 30 years .  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
73	1	 Back in 1989 I had loss the feeling in legs and arms, migranes, severe back pain for 3 years with all other doctors telling me nothing was wrong. I went to see him on a recommendation. He thought it may be a slip disk. He found a 12 inch tumor in my spinal cord and brain. He got my to the right doctors who could do the surgery and saved my life by finding something that others had tried for 3 years. I am alive and well today because of him.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
73	1	 Dr Wachs knows his stuff, very down to earth and explains everything. Awesome person.  My only issue is that when you phone his office to speak to him, his secretary/med asst is very abrupt and demands to know &quot;what you want&quot;.  Other than that, I cannot say a negative thing about him.  	2	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
76	1	 The best doctor, he listens and takes time with you. Remembers your issues and knows what to do to help.  Great job, Doctor Dan! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
77	-1	commentsDr. Warner was very unprofessional in her manner of explaining THE WRONG DIAGNOSIS. Unless you are being seen for a simple cough, avoid Ashley Warner! 	1	1	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
79	-1	commentsI found Dr. Wang to be cold and dismissive. Extremely arrogant to the point he will not be bothered to explain basic care and what to expect during the all important recovery process for what he probably considers unimportant or common injuries. His people skills are terrible and I found him extremely unprofessional. 	5	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	.  Dr Wang is a Great doctor! He knows his stuff! Great with wrists! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Workers Comp
79	1	 so far I have had no issues with Dr Wang. He has been very helpful. Very up front as to what he feel is wrong and what needs to be done.  Great doctor 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Workers Comp
79	-1	commentsVery abrupt and no eye contact. Not personable at all. 	3	5	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	comments 		4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	 A very caring and knowledgeable dr. takes time to answer questions and take care of patients. Office staff is excellent. Unfortunately, one of the nurses is very brusque and made me feel unwelcomed. dr. Walczak is Polish and sometimes you have to listen extra hard. He is there for all of his patients.  		4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
93	1	 Dr. Wagenberg was extremely helpful for our son. Our 9 yr old son had damaged the growth plate in his heals by wearing simple sneakers (Nikes Airs!). After a standard visit, we had him in ASICS sneakers and these orthotics that helped fix the issue. In less than a month, our son had no heal problems.  We can't say enough good things about this dr as he helped to insure our son could stay active in sports, etc while addressing this issue.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
93	1	 I was very pleased with my visit to Dr. Wagenberg after having used other podiatrists over the years.  He took my issue seriously and did not &quot;skimp&quot; on treatment.  It's better now! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
93	1	 Dr. Wagenberg is fantastic! We need more doctors like him. He is always friendly and makes sure all questions are answered. Surgery went wonderfully. I am very pleased with the results. I recommend him to everyone I meet with foot problems. His staff is also &quot;top notch&quot;. It is such a nice feeling to know that everyone in his office cares about you as a patient and as a person. This is so rare these days.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
93	1	 Very friendly and very professional. I take my mom to him. She is diabetic and he takes the time to really look at her feet and make sure that all is well. He is very attentive to her.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
93	1	 Very professional. Felt totally comfortable with assessment and treatment. Required delicate surgery near nerves that was so well done, I never took a pain med! Highly recommend.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
93	1	commentsThe Doctor and staff were very helpful and friendly each time I had an appointment. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
93	-1	commentsDr. Wagenberg was callous, hurried, and I cannot write here everything I would like to. Just look elsewhere for a podiatrist. I cannot recommend this one. 		1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
96	1	 I have been going to Dr.Ward for five years. He has never been abrupt with my time, I never feel rushed, he listens and HEARS.Many Dr's just listen but they are miles away. I have heard people complain like the above lady, but I disagree firmly.  	5	3	5	4	Insurance:Medicare
96	1	 I have found Dr. Ward to be quite attentive to me as a patient & to my concerns...I cannot imagine for the life of me his being any other way...some appts. I feel that I am taking up too much of his time.  I go into my appts. with a list and he ans. my questions.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
96	-1	 My first visit. A whole four and a half minutes. I felt completely invisible. He hardly listened to me. I tried to tell him about my prescriptions which I brought with me, yet I still received the wrong amount. I felt I was talking to the wall. There was NO interaction. I left with the same problems as I went in.  	5	5	1	1	Insurance:Medicare
98	1	commentsMy son had to have oral surgery. Dr. Wang made this potentially scary experience a completely tolerable one for my son. He is kind, he listens and he cares. We would recommend Dr. Wang to anyone who needs oral surgery. He is wonderful. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
