dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	 Caring and compassionate and knowledgeable.  Not only a great acupuncturist, but knowledgeable about nutrition and helpful exercises to strengthen help ease the pain.   Great bedside manner too! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNAPaid/Co-pay:$35
1	1	 Dr. Annie Qu is one of the most helpful and compassionate doctors that I have ever met. She is continuously researching and always shares her information with her patients and offers so much expertise and insight into so many different illnesses. I truly thank God for finging her.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	1	.  she is very nice and knowledgeable and spent time explaining everything 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	1	commentsExtremely profession in knowledge and application. This was my first ever acupuncture treatment. The Dr relived an extremely painful condition with my back locked, when Chiropractic and physical therapy were unsuccessful, Have recommended her to several others. 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	 Professional, caring, highly experienced Acupuncturist.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
1	-1	commentsunprofessional 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	 She is a great doc and i highly recommend her ! she does both medical check up as well as woman's GYN exam and STD test , she even drew blood samples in her office and save me extra trip to the lab .  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	-1	 she was very rude and almost rushed me through my physical check section. The worse doctor I've ever went to.  	1	1	2	2	Insurance:CIGNA
11	-1	 Works only part time, so if you need immediate attention, find someone else.  Often rude, and does not follow up effectively with patients.  You will have to call her and hound her for your test results, and even then she treats you rudely for calling to ask about them.  She waited over 3 weeks to inform me of unusual test results.  Only plus is that when she is working, she'll see you punctually.  	2	4	2	2	Insurance:United Healthcare
20	1	.  He is a wonderful doctor! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
23	1	 he listened, the wait was kind of long. he did what i needed him to. he checked me completely.  	5	4	4	4	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
23	1	commentsHe was quite late to his appt with me which is quite off putting.  I also had to wait a considerable amount of time for him to return after my test was complete.  He also is not much of a talker and most definitely doesn't have a friendly disposition.  I was hopin my experience would have been better with him.  I felt quite unimportant when we first met, like oh, this patient is only here for allergies, probably just a hypocondriac because I was not having strong symptoms that day.  He cut me off a few times as I was explaining myself.  He seems to be rather knowledgable but not compassionate at all.  I prefer my health care providers to be more personable with a warmer fuzzier feeling. 	4	1	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
23	0	 It is hard to tell if this doctor is truly good or not. He relies upon x-ray reports from Borg Imaging, no looking at them himself. He really does not listen to the patient.  He missed a very crooked &amp; swollen thumb and had to rely upon Borg report.  When the observations did not agree with report, he said nothing and offered no opinion. Much of my data &amp; testing doesn't add up and doesn't match what my primary care physician suggested might be the problem, and he offers no real opinion as to why or what might be going on.  I was an EMT for 25 years, have had multiple orthopedic surgeries on joints, and have had excellent doctors in the past. I have had numerous dealings with various doctors (for my parents) and have seen both good and bad.  I have not seen anything amazing from this doctor to warrant great reports, but I have not seen anything agregiously wrong either.  If  you are looking for some pills to relieve your aches, he is probably okay.  Anything more complex, find another.  	5	1	3	3	Insurance:MVP Health
23	-1	commentsThe staff members were VERY friendly. The office was neat and clean. That is where the positive experience ended. Very long wait time, over 2 hours for the first appointment. When he finally came into the exam room, the appointment was interrupted by a knock on the door and he left and went to another exam room. Total he spent less than a half hour with me. I think this is unacceptable for a consultation appointment. He does NOT listen. Does NOT want to hear about healthy history. Very disappointed in my experience. 	5	1	1	3	Insurance:Unknown
23	0	commentsHe doesn't listen.   I wish that I had more confidence in him. 	3	2	2	3	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	 very knowledgable gets right to the point.  does not talk alot and only wants abupt answers but really gets to the point! has very high ratings from other doctors and health professtionals 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	-1	commentsVery poor bedside manner! I sensed an attitude... 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	commentsI had a neck contouring procedure with Dr Quatela and I could not be more thrilled with the result. I have had a long wait time on some of my visits, but honestly not much more than any other specialist I've ever seen. Considering he is one of the most well known and well respected facial plastic surgeons in the country, I guess I don't mind the wait. To me, having a highly skilled person handling my face is more important than how long I wait in the office. Would you really trust your face to someone less qualified simply because they can breeze through the appointments faster&#63; No thanks. I'll stick with the best . 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	commentsDr. Quatela is a first class doctor.  I would highly recommend him to anyone who is considering plastic surgery. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
30	-1	comments 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
30	-1	comments Paid/Co-pay:$11200	3	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	commentsGreat surgeon, I had a face lift, he is an artist. I would not trust my face with anyone else. 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	commentsVery professionally run office. In the past, the wait time was long, but they seemed to have taken care of that problem.  I have complete confidence in Dr. Quatela. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	commentsWaited forever. Every single time. I cannot afford to sit in a waiting room for an hour each time I have an appointment. Otherwise, I was satisfied. 	1	1	4	4	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	 Dr. Quatela is probably the best plastic surgeon in New York state.  I have known him for 6 years.  He has done 3 plastic surgeries for me and I have had a face lift, brow lift, eye lift, and cheek implants.  I go to him for Restylane every six months and his Med spa is state of the art.  He is a very soft-spoken man.  He listens to you, he will give you anything you need like a prescription for Latisse to grow your eyelashes.  He is on the cutting edge of knowledge when it comes to dermal fillers and new procedures.  I can't say enough good things about him.  He has taken me, a 52 year old woman, who is now mistaken for early 40's or even late 30's.  He has made a huge difference in my life and is such a joy to the children he helps with his Hugs foundation.  	5	3	5	5	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:$13000
30	1	commentsVery honest, puts you at ease. Office is a comfort zone. Paid/Co-pay:$110	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	commentsGood people skills. Very knowledgable. 	3	4	4	4	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	 She is AMAZING! Her office is in Queens...not Brooklyn. Someone should update the info on this site. I would highly recommend her to anyone looking for an AMAZING PCP. The office is new, clean and organized. The staff is friendly and making appointments are easy. Dr. Vi is patient, very knowledgeable and consistent.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
47	1	commentsOne of the best chiropractor that I've ever been too. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	 Very nice office, capable staff, very good doctor. Sometimes very busy, most days are okay. Nurses are very nice, some patients are impatient though. There is a wait time because the dr. likes to talk with each patient and he made sure I understood everything and answered all my question.  	3	4	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
50	1	commentsThe staff was courteous, the doctor very helpful. Nothing to complain about, except some patients lack manners. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
50	-1	 STAY AWAY FOR YOU AND YOUR BABY's SAKE. I went to Dr Qu for my 2nd pregnancy. 6 weeks into my pregnancy I went to him for a regular checkup (he didn't have any provelactic cover for the vaginal rod on his sonogram machine!) With his low quality sonogram he had trouble finding a heart beat, so he told me I was going to miscarry &amp; I should make an appointment the next week for an abortion(dnc). This really made me sad for the rest of the week. The next week I went to a different Dr for a Second Opinion, she sent me directly to the hospital for a sonogram because she said the hospital machines are the best. I went to the hospital and the Dr showed me my fetus and heard the heart beat. He said the heart beat is great, and fetus is growing perfectly! Then I had severe discomfort in my vaginal area, and asked Dr Qu to test for UTI.  A week later, they didn't give me any results, and finally was in so much pain I had to go to the emergency room, and they confirmed I had a UTI!!  BEWARE 	2	3	1	1	Insurance:United Healthcare
50	1	commentsreally nice doctor, but staffs are really Irresponsible????  Everything time call them ask for something, they always said busy, cant help at all!!! need to improve staff responsibility! 	1	5	3	5	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	commentsvery good doc, and easy to make appointmenr. there is not that much copay, nice man. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	 Written by: Mrs.Chun (Dr.Qu's patient)Dr. Qu is exceedingly knowledgeable, experienced, and sincerely expresses a genuine empathy and understanding for his patients. I've received excellent prenatal care from Dr. Qu and I must say that he has a lot of patience with all your concerns and questions. In addition, you never feel as if you're being rushed out during your visits. Dr.Qu safely delivered my new baby. I would highly recommend Dr.Qu. His office staff is helpful as well.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:HIP
51	0	 Decent knowledge and ability, zilch bedside manner. My experience with Dr Matthew Quan: he spends next to no time with you, rudely and abruptly interrupts whatever you have to say. This doesn't even scratch the surface, suffice it to say the man simply doesn't listen and his manner is so flip that however correct his diagnosis may be, you end up feeling treated poorly. I've had to see Quan twice when my regular dermatologist was out sick, and each time I just had to grin and bear it to get the prescription filled or procedure done. NOT someone I'd choose, despite his spiffy credentials, sorry!    Read more:http://www.vitals.com/doctors/Dr_Matthew_Quan/review...  	4	3	2	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$117
51	1	 He did what he had to(in NJ Office)I had melanoma skin cancer (on nose)-Had to go to him several times to remove a good part of the side of my nose to remove the cancer finally. Stay out of the sun if you can -If you ever have any doubts about a section of your skin have it removed EARLY &amp; demand the dr. does it (even if they say it is &quot;nothing&quot;) This is what happened to me when I had gone to a different dermatologist about 7 yrs. earlier. I should have insisted the dr. remove the area(when it might not have been cancerous) You have  a right as a patient to do this. If the dr. doesnt want to do it - go somewhere else.Dr. Quan was very good &amp; did what he had to.The office in Clifton is always busy where I went.  He is a good doctor 	3	4	4	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
53	-1	comments 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
53	-1	commentsWORST PSYCHOLOGIST EVER!!!!!! Complete waste of time, VERY rude, VERY unhelpful, VERY dismissive, simply DOES NOT CARE about his patients. I look at psychologists in a different light now since visiting this jerk. He did not help or so much as ATTEMPT to help me and my child. Thanks for NOT GIVING  SH!T. Change the license plate on your Infiniti truck to ASSMAN you FAT GOOD FOR NOTHING F@CK. 	1	5	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
53	-1	 Never returned my queries even when done in writing.  He can not be Trusted.  I regret having him &quot;help&quot; my son, he just wasted our time and effort.  He does bill the insurance company on time though.  	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Aetna
53	-1	commentsDon't walk, RUN from this doctor! A totally unprofessional male chauvinist! Makes you wonder how he got his license in the first place. 	3	5	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	commentsAwesome dentist. I would recommend Dr. Q to EVERYONE!!!!!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	commentsI am so thankful that I was referred to Dr Quagliata.  I was affraid to see a dentist until I met her.  She is very gentle, compasionate and sincere. She talked me throught the whole procedure and made me feel at ease.  Thank you for giving me my smile back! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
54	-1	commentsBad experience, painful, could not numb the tooth for a filling,injected a lots of lidocain,that can't be good for you!Going somewhwere else, for sure!! 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
54	-1	comments 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
54	-1	commentsThe worst treatment ever, will coat thousands to repair Paid/Co-pay:$1800	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	 a great Doc ! she was very pleasant and helpful .  she also drew blood smaples in her office , saved me extra trips to the lab ! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$15
69	1	commentsa great doctor 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
70	-1	 bedside manner is poor and as stated before general answers or more questions. does tend to run off quickly, and both offices in troy are horrible.  	1	3	1	1	Insurance:United Healthcare
70	-1	 He is always very short with me and always gives me the most obvious anwsers and never looks beond that.  	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Aetna
74	-1	commentsHorrible doctor. I too, cannot understand why she became a physician as she doesn't seem to like people very much.  Reptilian like bedside manner.  Seemed unwilling and uninterested in helping me with my illness.  With the exception of one person, the support staff is extremely hard to communicate with.  Office manager is not a nice woman.  I've remained on hold for twenty minutes at a time only to be disconnected.  Nurses and doctors have not called back to answer questions about medication, especially at the end of the week. 	1	3	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
74	0	commentsNot very friendly. Don't know why she deals with people, does not seem interested. Office wanted to automatically charge me a co pay which did not apply to my visit. They did not take the time to verify this with insur. company.  I called myself and informed office about no co-pay. Unprofessional billing approach. 	3	4	2	3	Insurance:Unknown
83	1	comments 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	 When I rate a doctor, I look at their total responsiveness. Approx 45 minutes to see the doctor. My overall rating had to do with the doctor not returnimg my calls. I needed to speak with him one time on the phone to discuss my condition and I tried fours days in a row speaking with his staff and them relaying my message but never received a call from him. At this time, I have my primary doctor calling him for me. This is a first that a doctor did not return a phone call.  	4	3	3	4	Insurance:HIP
87	1	commentsDr. Q and his staff are knowledgable and instrumental in saving my granddaughter Isla's life who was born with TGA on 9/29/2009. Not only did he save her at birth but two days later he saved her twice more during TGA surgery then she arrested following surgery. She is now three yrs. old with a very normal happy life. She brings us so much joy and we thank Dr. Q. for his expertise. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	 My daughter had transposition of the great vessels almost 20 years ago.  We were blessed that Dr.Q(as he is called) worked at Columbia Presbyterian.  At the time, it was my understanding that there were 2 surgeons in the world that did this surgery.  Even some of the other MD's referred to him as &quot;God&quot;. The surgery was very successful and we will be greatful to him for the rest of our lives. My daughter is now almost 20 and runs 3-4 miles a day.  Thank you Dr.Q.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:GHI
87	1	 Amazing miracle worker.  Performed 3 surgeries on my son's multiple heart defects during first 4 years of life.  He is now a thriving teenager looking forward to his senior year in high school. He would not be alive if not for Dr. Q.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
87	1	 Our daughter Christine was born in 1995 with Transposition of the Great Arteries. She was operated on by Dr. Quaegebeur at 4 days of age. Our daughter is now almost 16 years old and doing wonderful! No medications, no restrictions. We were truly blessed the day this surgeon came into our lives. God truly does work through the talent in this surgeons hands. I made a cross stitch picture for him which I heard was hung in the hallway near the operating room. We have sent letters and pictures of our daughter almost every year since her surgery. He is using the talent God has given him, and we are so very thankful he is here to help the children born with heart defects. We truly believe Dr. Quaegebeur is an angel on earth. If you want the best for your child, Dr. Quaegebeur is the surgeon to call in your time of need. God Bless this man for all he does and his talents. We love you Dr.  Quaegebeur! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
87	1	 In 2006 Dr Q performed an open heart surgery on me when I was 12 years old fixing a very rare condition.  If I had not gotten the surgery I was told I had a high percentage of dropping dead.  Now I play varsity soccer and run varsity track. None of this would have been possible without him and I quite literally owe him my life, God Bless.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
87	1	 Dr. Q repaired my daughter's ASD in 2003 when she was six years old.  Now 13, she is a star athlete, plays the cello and is doing all the things that 13 year old girls ought to be doing.  We scheduled a consultation with Dr. Q. before the surgery when we were weighing our options.  He answered all our questions if a bit impatiently.  His manner was arrogant and supremely confident.  After the procedure was complete, stopped by briefly on his way to his next appointment.  His parting words to us was &quot;Now you will never have to worry about this ever again.&quot;  He was right and we will be forever grateful for his skill, talent and dedication.  We didn't need to be coddled.  We simply needed to find the best doctor to provide the best solution to our daughter's condition.  We found that in Dr. Q.  Our pediatrician described him as &quot;A magician masquerading as a surgeon. &quot; 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
87	1	 my daughter  required surgery for her heart, she had a hole in one of the ventricles. My daughter was three months old at the time(3/2000) and weighed 5.7 lbs.. Dr Quaegebeur performed the surgery. My daughter is now 10 years old,and doing very well. I don't recall speaking to the doctor before or after the surgery. My daughter is alive and well, and that's the bottom line. I stopped at Columbia Presbyterian one day to thank him but he was not there.  I should make more of an effort to thank him, I owe him big time! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
87	1	 I just want to thank Dr. Q for making our daughter better and giving her a chance at life. we first met Dr. Q in 06 when our daughter was born. he operated on her at 8 days old. she has HLHS and has been her surgeon from then on for her next 2 surgeries. although he might not be the warm and fuzzy doctor He is the best surgeon there is. its a matter of what you prefer, warm and fuzzy, or smart, great, and the best when it comes to the actual surgery. i completely trust in his experience and knowledge and team they are the best there is! and if you ask you can meet him prior to surgery and he DOES come and meet with you once the surgery is over. while in the hospital i've heard of people coming from all over to have there surgeries preformed by him. there's no doubt in my mind that in the unfortunate event that you ever need a Surgeon for your child Dr.Q is the man you want I can't say enough about he's team they're always there for you.   answer any questions and are caring &amp; thoughtful 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
87	1	commentsWhen I met with Dr. Q he definately struck me as the BEST there is. I would not feel confident in any one elses care. Obviously a lot of other people out there feel the same way. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	 Dr. Q gave my son a normal life to look forward to.   His tetrology of fallot was repaired and now, 14 years later, he is healthy, active and leading a normal, Athletic, life 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Oxford
87	1	 Dr Q is a world renouned surgeon whose hands are guided by god.  He gave us hope and gave my son life.  That was 15 years ago.  After multiple complicated surgeries, my son is leading a &quot;normal&quot; life.  He excels in school and sports.  I know you heard this countless time, but thank you Dr. Q.!  If your child needs heart surgery, please, please use Dr. Q.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
87	1	 I can't say enough about Dr. Q.  He may not be warm and fuzzy but there's no one else you want holding the knife if your child needs open heart surgery.  We had a consultation beforehand and somehow in his Teutonicly reserved manner he conveyed a level of competence and confidence that inspired an unexpected sense of calmness later on while the surgery was going on.  You just know deep down that whatever comes up Dr. Q can handle it.  He's very quick and keeps the cross-clamp time to a minimum.  His staff is the best.  Everything went efficiently and exactly as they described.  The hospital too has everything down cold.  My son's experience was all a parent could hope for in this kind of situation.  If only all professionals were as inspiring as Dr. Q.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
87	1	commentsDr. Quaegebeur saved our sons' life.  He had vascular ring surgery at 4 months old.  He will be 10 yrs old this year and he is a happy, healthy kid!  I cannot put into words how thankfull we are for helping our son.  We have never forgotten Dr. Q.  Every October 28th, I say a HUGE thank you to him.  :)  The doctor with the hands of gold!!  Thank you!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	 If it were not for Dr Q and his staff my son would not be alive today, I can not thank him enough.  My son was extremely complicated and had mutiple defects and is now a happy 10 year old leading a full life.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
87	1	 How do I put into words how grateful I am that Dr. Q saved my daughters life&#63; He is an angel on earth and I will forever be grateful. Dr. Q performed 2 surgeries on my newborn daughter in 05. Today she is a healthy, happy 4 year old with no restrictions. He is a very skilled and dedicated surgeon who has devoted his life to saving kids, both in the US and abroad(heads up Charity org. that performs surgery in developing countries) As for the comment below about his personality-he WILL meet with the parents before the surgery-all you have to do is ask. We actually asked to meet with him right before the surgeries and he made time for us. He had a very reassuring, confident way about him, and this gave us tremendous comfort and confidence while we waited for our daughter. He also came to meet with us right after the surgeries.  My daughters Cardiologists can't say enough about  what a great job Dr. Q did to fix my her complex heart defects and I get to live with proof of his miracle work.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
87	1	 Great surgeon who operated on my daughter, Chloe, at 6 months of age and she has not had any problems since. He met with us prior to the surgery when we were doing pre-ops. He is the best! He specializes in performing miracles for the children and I don't need him to hold my hand.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:HealthPartners
87	1	 dr.q saved my sons life ...he was two weeks old and was very sick and was admitted in stonybrook university hospital in stony brook new york and was transfered to columbia and was diagnosed with cor triatriutom a very very rare condition ....he saved my babies life he is now almost three and absolutley fine and healthy and happy i owe my life to him thanks dr . q 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
87	1	 I read the comments about Dr. Q's personality and his 'quirkiness' as compared to what someone expected...look to be honest I don't need a Dr. with a personality or great bedside manner - I needed a Dr to FIX MY DAUGHTER's HEART - which he did fabulously. Please do not be put off by the fact that he has a large staff of folks helping him or that he does not like to meet with parents prior to the surgery. He is a great Dr. with fantastic hands. My daughter had a VSD and at 7 months old Dr Q. went in & repaired it for her. She is a happy & perfect 4 year old now with ZERO issues or restrictions. Dr Q was classically trained overseas and there is a SIGNIFICANT difference in how patients are treated across the pond, folks in the US need to understand the differences and not rate a Dr poorly because he did not have what they expect to be bedside manner. Bottom line - he is a GREAT Dr. that saves children's lives DAILY - there are very few folks on the planet that can say that they do that.  	4	4	4	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
87	1	 Fantastic. My daughter Chloe, saw Dr.Q before & after surgery. And he met us prior and listened patiently to my long list of questions.  You cannot ask for a better staff! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:HealthPartners
87	1	 Dr. Q is wonderful. His staff is also great - they were very helpful and understanding. My son had open heart surgery to correct an ASD - we had a meeting with him before the surgery and then he came to us after the surgery and explained how it all went. My son's recovery was quick without any complications all due to such an excellent surgeon.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
87	1	 Dr. Q is AMAZING. He saved my son's life and I owe him for that forever. He, in my view, is the best surgeon in the country.  		4	5	5	Insurance:Oxford
87	1	 I have a rare genetic heart defect and Dr. Quaegebeur performed my surgery a year and a half ago. Everything went smoothly and I was extremely pleased. I am very lucky to have found him and to have such a fast and excellent recovery. He is brilliant.  		4	5	5	Insurance:OxfordPaid/Co-pay:$500
87	-1	 This cardiothoracic surgeon does not use standard procedures of doing pre-op and post-up followthrough with patients he does surgery on. Strange doctors do the pre-op and post-op care. First physician I have ever met that does not meet with a patient for a consulation prior to doing surgery on that person. Very bad procedure to follow and not happy with this procedure. This surgeon never talked to us prior to doing surgery on our child. It is not a normal procedure that parents do not get to meet a doctor before he or she does heart surgery on your child. That is very bad and doctor never even had a post-0p meeting with us post surgery. If this is this surgeons typical way of doing surgery, it is very bad for parents and for children.  		1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
94	-1	 VERY BAD experience. Lost test results, incorrect diagnosis, very unorganized.  	3	2	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
94	-1	commentsOne of the rudest doctors I have ever had to deal with 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
94	-1	commentsVery bad informant. Untrustworthy, obnoxious and rude. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
94	-1	 Believes moking is NOT an addiction'Its all in your head&quot;  Pres ribed medication for another illness-unable to get in the uS.  Failed to refer to a specialist.  	4	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
94	1	commentsI have been with Dr. Qazi for many years.  He is a very knowledgeable and professional doctor.  He has a good staff that can always get you in quickly if you need immediate care. Dr. Qazi's office is very clean and professional looking.  He is a doctor that cares, and really gets to know his patients! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
97	1	commentsDr. Q is an amazing dr.  When no one else could or would, he found out what was wrong with me. I will be forever grateful.  Only bad thing is he does not take insuance. Paid/Co-pay:$325	5	3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
97	1	commentsWonderful doctor and office staff.  He is kind, caring, knowledgeable and compassionate.  You will always feel like you are in good hands with him. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
97	1	comments 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
