dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
4	1	commentsHands down the BEST Dentist I have EVER had! Phenomenally GREAT work, terrific attitude, Painless. I can not praise Dr Taylor highly enough!Again....THE BEST!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	 dr. taylor and his staff are professional, caring, thorough, understanding of my fear, very comforting.  This was the best experience I have had with any dentist in my life. Would definately recommend him to anyone looking for a dentist.   Awwwsome!!!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Delta DentalPaid/Co-pay:N/A
6	1	 I don't need to go to the doctors very often but in the few times I have had to go and see him he has been very helpful and would recommend him to others.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:AnthemPaid/Co-pay:$10
6	1	 I have been a patient of Dr. Thyng since he joined his current practice.  (more years than I cam recall) This office strives to accomodate patient schedules as much as possible.  He has refered me to specialists at appropriate times.  He has also been helpful at prevening problems prior to my international travel.   I recomend this practice to anyone! 	5	5	4	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$25
6	-1	commentsThyng was unhelpful when I really needed a doctor.  His office was extremely slow with releasing test results when I needed for a specialist.  When it became apparent that something serious was going on, his office called and told me not to call them again as there was nothing more he could do. I don't reccommend this person. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
6	0	 I have been a patient of Doc Thyng for the past 4 years and I'm trying to change doctors. I consistently feel rushed at my visits and I feel like I'm just another number. He has been very slow at responding to serious symptoms including migraines, vertigo, etc.. I have also had problems getting appts with specialists in a timely manner through his office. When I call them myself, on numerous occassions, I would be able to get an earlier appt. I don't recommend him.  	3	3	2	3	Insurance:TuftsPaid/Co-pay:N/A
7	1	 Extremely helpful and caring. He helped me get the care I needed. The lab he works with from Idaho did a fantastic job. I would recommend him to anyone in the area.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:N/APaid/Co-pay:$500
7	-1	 Doesn't take common insurers. Very arrogant! His answer to everything is $5000 crowns on every tooth!!! His belief is that everyone should look like a actor and could care less about his patients' general oral care.  		3	1	3	Insurance:Delta DentalPaid/Co-pay:$130
8	1	 I just wanted to recommend this provider to anyone with pain, but particularly back and neck pain. She is a great listener that has relieved some of my pain. I still have pain sometimes, but no one has been able to touch my pain for years, especially my upper back and neck. Still improving. Excellent provider, highly recommend.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
9	-1	 This office staff was extremely unhelpful.  The nurses never called back or followed up.  Due to negligence I am now more sick and may not recover.  I do not recommend this doctor or office.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
9	1	commentsLove Mary as my PCP! She is a funny, and easy to talk too. Highly recommend. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	 I met Dr. Tanzer for the first time today to establish care. She was fabulous! I absolutely loved her.  She listened to me, was very helpful and explained in a way that I was able to understand! Very sweet, very friendly, very knowledgeable! So glad I chose her for my PCP! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:AnthemPaid/Co-pay:$15
9	1	 I have nothing but good words to say about her. She is very helpful & someone you can communicate with. Her partner moved me over to her as my PCP. I am most grateful that he did. I wasn't sure how I would accept a female doctor. I enjoy my appointments with her and her staff.  		5	5	5	Insurance:Harvard-PilgimPaid/Co-pay:N/A
25	1	commentsDr. Taylor was the one doctor finally willing to prescribe Cytomel when no other doctor would, and it was exactly what I needed. Overbooked as they all are but she listened to me and treated me appropriately, something I hadn't been elsewhere. She's the one doctor I'll pay out of network fees for, she's worth it. 		3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
25	-1	commentsnever on time I waited two hours to get into my sheduled appt and I did that three times!......then after getting there she doesn't really listen to you tells you what you already know and sends you off with a huge bill 		1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
25	-1	commentsThis doctor is also listed as an endocrinologist, which is why I had made an app't to see her. She projected such a negative manner that half-way through the &quot;greeting interview&quot; I decided that this was not the doctor for me and politely told her so and left right then and there. 		4	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
25	-1	commentsShe mis diagnosed me twice and put me into a very serious situation. Never ordered Blood work on either visit to her office even though I was running a high temperature. I had Invasive Strep A and nearly died because of her inaction and incorrect diagnosis. I have since met two other people she put in similar situations. This is a Bad Doctor. 		1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	 Dr Theriault is a caring doctor. He is very easy to talk to and puts 100% into his patients and their issues.He has sent me for tests immediatly to resolve a medical problem that I may have and does not leave any stones unturned. He returns calls right away. I trust and respect him as my doctor and feel very fortunate to have found him many years ago.  Carol Anne 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:TuftsPaid/Co-pay:N/A
26	1	 Dr. Theriault is very patient, and caring. I have not felt so comfortable talking to a Dr. in a very long time. He takes the time to listen and not only diagnose symptoms to treat those, but to also understand the root cause and work on a treatment plan that makes sense. Greatest Dr. I have visited in years. No staff, makes it difficult sometimes to get hold of him, but he does return calls in a timely manner.  	1	5	5	5	Insurance:AetnaPaid/Co-pay:N/A
26	1	 Always friendly and caring. Takes time to listen and to discuss treatment options. There is currently no office staff. He is very good about returning calls left with his answering service.  	3	5	5	5	Insurance:Harvard-PilgimPaid/Co-pay:N/A
27	1	 I went to the one in Merrimack. She did an excellent job of listening to my issues, will be trying non-drug treatments first as I don't do well on opioids (pain pills).  -Chris 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Harvard-PilgimPaid/Co-pay:N/A
28	0	 Easily the most rude and condescending Dr I have visited. Basically, I'll just confirm all the negative responses above, because they all happened to me too. Also, he will drop you as a patient any chance he has if you're late or miss and appointment. But of course, he has no problem calling out sick himself and/or making his patients wait up to 30min at times. He literally seems to hate his job.  	5	3	1	5	Insurance:AnthemPaid/Co-pay:N/A
28	-1	 The help was awesome but Dr. John Thomas is the most horrible doctor. I went there with an eye irritation/conjunctivitis. First he asked why I came to him instead of an eye doctor. First off, I have always used my primary care for both my children and me with issues that don't pertain to &quot;vision&quot; issues. We got passed that all for him to tell me that he does not believe in prescribing anything for conjunctivitis, and he doesn't like the fact schools don't permit kids back without an RX. I can't wait to find my replacement PC. I should have known he was bad when I told him I ate a small bag of planters peanuts on an empty stomach and suffered such bad upper stomach pains and he came to the conclusion I was lactose intolerant, which I am not. I have to tell you though, he's great at wanting you to take a nasal spray even when you suffer migrains from them. That is probably why I have conjunctivitis because I discontinued using the nasal spray.  	5	2	1	1	Insurance:AnthemPaid/Co-pay:N/A
28	-1	 I went to see John Thomas several years ago and would never go back again.  I went to see him for chronic back pain and when he found out that I had seen a psychiatrist in the past, he began treating me as though I was acutely mentally ill.  Unbeknownst to him it was for post partum depression.  He never really addressed the problem with my back other than sending me for an MRI which did determine that I had dengerative osteo-arthritis.  He was extremely rude and condescending.  I saw him approximately three times before I finally found another pyhysicain.  I am not sure why he is still in practice.  	1	1	1	3	Insurance:MedicarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
28	-1	 I have been a patient of Dr. Thomas for about 5 years now.  He has poor communications skills and is often arrogant.  Recently he prescribed a pain killer for a serious injury, and when I used it as prescribed and needed more, he refused to fill the prescription.  He had the audacity to accuse me of misusing the prescription!  Needless to say I am moving to another doctor who cares about treating his patients with what they need.  Needless to say I was in much pain not having what I needed when I went on vacation.  Every time I experience severe pain I thought of a doctor who does care about me or my comfort level.  Because of this I am unlikely to use Elliot Health System, because he is tied to that system.  I am so disappointed.....  	1	2	1	2	Insurance:N/APaid/Co-pay:$180
28	-1	commentsI had the same experience as the women above.  I went in with my daughter (for her asthma condition) to see Dr. Thomas because her regular doctor wasn't available.  He completely turned his back to me and ignored all my questions.  He was blatantly rude and seemed proud of it.  I have never experienced anything like it.  Sometimes our doctor isn't available at the time of a scheduled appointment, due to an emergency call, and we are then sent to see Dr. Thomas... but when this happens we (myself, family and others I know personally) choose to reschedule our appt. rather than be seen by Dr. Thomas, he's really that bad. 	1	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	 Doctor Thomas is very personable and helpful.  He seems to genuinely place the concerns of patients at the center of his focus.  I would definitely recommend him.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:TuftsPaid/Co-pay:$15
28	-1	commentsAs a wife to a husband who had been on life support for 3 months and almost died, I went to a scheduled checkup with my husband as there were still some serious medical issues. We couldn't be scheduled with our regular doctor in the practice so we saw Dr. John Thomas. He was INCREDIBLY rude, uncaring, wouldn't listen, and as I sat there next to my husband, I asked the doctor a concern I had about my husband having a lump and  about the possibility of cancer and he literally turned his back to me and wouldn't answer! I couldn't believe how rude he was. I asked another question a few minutes later and he once again turned his back on me and wouldn't answer. My husband and I just stared at each other in disbelief, I got up and told the doctor how unbelievably rude and unprofessional he was and I walked out. I had sat next to my husband's side for many weeks when he was on life support and NEVER once had I been treated so coldly and rudely. I absolutely would NOT recommend this doctor. 	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	 BEST Chiropractor in NH! Dr Thone is very patient and helpful. I have been going there for years! Staff is kind and friendly.  Anybody would be a fool to go anywhere else! 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Harvard-PilgimPaid/Co-pay:N/A
36	1	commentsA very busy doctor who nevertheless acts like he has all the time in the world for you.  Observant, good listener, measured; overall great guy. 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	commentsHe is great guy, listens, takes all of the time you need. Always accomodating.Thank you Dr Thomas. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
45	-1	commentsunwilling to spend time to answer questions, would not use him if given choice 	5	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	 Dr. Taub is a wonderful doctor.  He takes the time to listen to any items you want to discuss and is great with kids!  Committed to his patients.  Great follow up.  Does not &quot;push&quot; you into any type of treatment but will provide pro's and con's and fully discuss with items with you.  Dr. Taub has even called me after normal business hours to follow up.  Very happy with him as our pediatrician.   (Mother of 2 sons) 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:TuftsPaid/Co-pay:N/A
68	1	comments 	5	3	4	4	Insurance:Unknown
76	-1	 Interrupted the appointment to take a phone call.  Told me that he didn't know about the issue I was having, so he asked his nurse.  Then he gave me her opinion based on her own life experience.  I went to him for medical advice, not anecdotal evidence!  Extremely unhelpful and unreassuring.  Didn't even give me any advice as to where I could go for more information. I will be changing to a different doctor.  	2	1	1	1	Insurance:AnthemPaid/Co-pay:N/A
81	1	commentsextremely friendly and knowledgeable. very helpful, I would highly recommend him to friends/family. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
95	-1	 It seems Dr Thud doesn't want to help me. I have had pain in both shoulders and all he wants to do is give me shots which I had before and they hurt. He will not take an Meineke unless I have the shots first but I hate mri.  I have attacks. I am not going back again. I don't like it when a dr doesn't treat patients with respect.  	1	2	1	3	Insurance:MedicarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
95	1	 Dr Thut is an outstanding surgeon.  He has performed 2 shoulder surgeries on me.  Prior to surgery he explained in detail what he was going to do, how he was going to do it, and why.  Post op he showed me detailed photos of what he did. He has an outstanding bedside manner, which is so rare today.  During office visits to him I never felt rushed, any questions I had or concerns he has always taken the time to answer them.  I highly recommend him to anyone needing an orthropedic surgeon.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Harvard-PilgimPaid/Co-pay:N/A
98	1	 I've just had one meeting with Dr. Thomson, but my first impression was that he actually cares.  He listens, and made me feel like he would go the extra mile to help me find out what would work best with my specific  condition, even if it meant referring me to a specialist.  I am optimistic;  after working with a Dr/NP that got tired of 'dealing with me' it is so refreshing to get this type of professionalism and compassion. I am extremely satisfied so far... fingers crossed! 	5	5	4	5	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:$15
98	1	commentsMY insurance is NH Health Plan, a high-risk plan, that is horrifyingly expensive. NHHP is that ins.  Rx refills/filled is the best prices, no longer out of pocket, more than 1/2 off most of my RX's. My insurance Network, First Health. 	5	3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
98	1	 A doctor that listens to the patient and is willing to work through issues without first prescribing &quot;pills&quot;!  I gained confidence in him during our first meeting.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
100	1	commentsI just rated this provider at her Merrimack location and noticed a negative review here. It sounds to me like this negative review came from a person who was just looking for drugs to get high. If you are really in pain and not just looking for drugs, I would go to see Kasey Talon. She is treating me now with conservative treatments that don't involve drugs, and it is going very well so far.  -Chris 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
100	-1	 She is new in this field. Unfortunately instead of helping chronic and breakthrough pain she sees her role as that of sniffing out drug-seekers. Beware, she juggles your meds from one strength and quantity to another saying she is helping. When  looking at the history, it's the SAME  dosage. She is NOT HELPFUL, doesn't respond to or manage pain; and should NOT be in this field.Her comment, &quot;You are getting quite enough medicine for your diagnosis.&quot; How did she get inside my skin to find that out&#63; What does my diagnosis tell her about my excruciating nerve pain&#63; Stay away from her and find someone else with more experience and better recommendations.  	3	4	1	1	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-CalPaid/Co-pay:N/A
