dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	-1	18 years ago, I was an accomplished ballroom dancer.  After two surgeries performed by Dr. Galli (the second one was supposed to correct the mistakes he made in the first), I am in constant pain when just walking &amp; my dance career is over.  Over the years, I have seen several highly-rated foot surgeons in an attempt to relieve the pain.  Every one of them has refused to operate -- the reason is that the two surgical procedures caused so much damage, they don't think anything will work and further surgery could make things worse. Our feet are so very important; entrust them only to a competent doctor, not Louis Galli.  	 9/10/12	2	3	1	Insurance:Oxford
1	1	Dr. Galli operated on me in 1980 and did excellent job. Very busy man but understanding and patient. Never offered me any medication at office so am surprised to see those ratings. Some staff has been unpleasant at times but think mostly due to stress of busy office. Rely fully on his opinion and wouldn't change him for anything.  	 1/25/12	3	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	1	Great experience. Extremely knowledgeable about dance and dance injuries. Have seen several other doctors but they were little help. Didn't seem like a businessman to me but a very caring individual. Just my opinion. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	I have found Dr. Galli to be skillful and knowledgeable.  He listens well and seems very compassionate. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	I totally disagree with the previous post. Dr Galli was awesome. He spent time with me and explained my problem thoroughly. His staff couldn't have been more accommodating my busy schedule. He did surgery to correct my problem.  I wish all my doctors could be as nice 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
1	-1	This doctor is  a cool and smooth businessman. His staff is the rudest and most incompetent I have ever encountered. He must like it that way. One is kept waiting for a long time without explanation, also on the telephone, the person says &quot;Just a second&quot; and never comes back in four or five minutes which was enough waiting for me. He is a killer with a smooth smile.  	 11/18/11	1	1	1	Insurance:GHI
1	-1	Funny, charming, puts you at east and tells some good stories. However none of this is what I'm going to see a doctor for. He spent all of ten minutes on my actual problem, asked almost no questions, and from what I can tell completely ignored other info I tried to give him. He showed me a few stretches (but didn't tell me how often or long to do them) and referred me to a PT. The PT was out of my insurance plan, and it's been a full week since I sent him a list of other PT's that are in my plan (which his office lost at first). I've called them repeatedly and I get absolutely no response back even when &quot;he's standing right here, I'll have him call you back in a moment&quot;. Absolutely never returning. I wish I had read these reviews before taking my GP's word. 	1	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
1	-1	 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
1	-1	As one of the other posters wrote, he is a business man. I went to take care of a problem I had and he &quot;prescribed&quot; some medication, that I bought at his office. These medications did not help at all.  I never met a doctor that sold his own medication to patients. Later I researched it and found these so called &quot;medications&quot; were not even to be used for my issue.           I was very unhappy.  He can be funny, even charming. But all in all, he is a businessman, looking out for himself and making a quick buck.  Speaking of quick, he spent approx 10 minutes with me, if that.  I would not recommend based on my experience. I needed to go to see someone else to take care of my issue.  	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
1	-1	He is one of the WORST doctors.  I was a new mom with HORRIBLE  feet problem ad he did nothing to help except make orthotics and keep having me come back.  His knowledge is unimpressive.  He is VERY impressed with himself and it comes out in every appnt.  His office staff fears him which might be why they are so unhelpful and rude.  All in all he is one of the worst excuses for a health care provider.  he is a business man.  	1	3	1	3 	Insurance:AARP
1	1	I WAS SEVERLY INJURED WHILE IN NY I CALLED MY FL DOCTOR HE SAID CALL DR GALLI IDID AND IF IT WASNT FOR DR GALLI MY FEET COULD HAVE BEEN AMPUTATED I DONT KNOW WHERE SOME OF THESE PEOPLE GET OFF WRITING UGLY AND UNTRUE THINGS ABOUT DR GALLI HIS STAFF BENT OVER BACKWARDS TO HELP ME CALLED BACK WHEN PROMISED AND DR GALLI KNEW WHAT TO DO,IF YOU SAW HOW SOME OF PATIENTS TREATED THE STAFF NO WONDER THEY WOULD BE SURLY DR4 GALLI RUN A EXCELLENT OFFICE ALL DRS SHOULD BE SO PROFESSIONAL ALSO HE DIDNT KNOW ME FROM ATOM AND ILL REPEAT AGAIN IF IT WASNT FOR DR GALLI QUICK TREATMENT I MIGHT HAVE LOST BOTHT FEET  HES THE BEST GOD BLESS DR GALLI 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
1	-1	.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
1	-1	I wouldn't send my cat to Dr. Galli! He performed bunion surgery on me 19 years ago. During post-op physical therapy -- in his office. I noticed that my big toe was noticeably sticking out in the wrong direction. The PT did not notify Dr. Galli nor did the Dr. bother to take a look at my foot.  After weeks of therapy, I insisted on seeing Dr. Galli. He immediately said that the &quot;overcorrection&quot; could only be remedied by redoing the surgery. After the second operation, the toe was marginally better but I was still in serious pain. Dr. G. said it would &quot;take a while.&quot; I was not able to wear regular shoes for over a year and have suffered with pain in this foot ever since Dr. Galli's surgery. I recently saw a surgeon who told me my foot has sustained nerve damage (I have no sensation in the bunion area), a lot of scar tissue and of course, the toe sticks out in the wrong direction -- which deforms all of my shoes.  I'm now facing surgery to correct Dr. Galli's mistakes. 	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	I have been a nurse for lots of years and would not have my daughters' seen by anyone but Dr. Galli.  He is caring and very knowledgeable, and also extremely funny.  My daughters' love him and he takes time to explain information.  As teens they listen to what he says and follows the recommendations (amazing.  He is right on for the treatment, and understands joint disorders.  Great Doc.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	1	I just took my 16 year old daughter to Dr. Galli. SHe is a ballet dancer and had a problem with her little toe. He was very knowledgeable and gave her suggestions to prevent injury. He was extremely funny, and it was one of the more relaxed, enjoyable doctor visits we have been to.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	-1	I went to Dr. Galli after seeing several doctors.  I'm a runner, and I've had 3 years of consecutive stress fractures.  The last time I went to Dr. Galli, I went to get my feet cast for orthotics, and I had suspected that I had another stress fracture. I told the doctor that I was feeling pain at the ball of my foot. He told me that if I had a stress fracture that I'd feel pain at the top of the foot.  He never bothered to examine my foot but instead casted my feet for the orthotics, which took at least 2 months before they arrived.  Another 3-weeks went by, and I was still feeling pain at the ball of the foot. So, I saw another doctor. He took my history, examined my feet (when he applied slight pressure to the bone, it hurt) and he ordered a bone scan.  The bone scan showed a &quot;hot spot,&quot; which suggested that there was another fracture.  I will never go back to Dr. Galli again. Also, I had questions about my orthotics. I called Dr. Galli's office 2x. I never got a return call.  	3	3	2	2 	Insurance:CIGNA
1	1	Dr. Galli is the best podiatrist and the best surgeon.  His orthotics are also the best because he takes a true mold of your foot and doesn't just stick your foot into a foam box which you could do yourself at home.  I have known people over the years who have had surgery performed by Dr. Galli and all had perfect outcomes and are still enjoying the benefits years later.  I find Dr. Galli to be caring and spends an appropriate amount of time at each visit.  My visits for orthotics were brief, but when there was a more serious issue, he took the time.  I have had surgery by Dr. Galli on one foot and will use him for the other.  I wouldn't have any other doctor touch my feet.  The office staff has not been an issue, nor have I had to wait more than a few minutes past my appointment time, if at all.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
1	1	Doctor Galli was recommeded to me by my Physical Therapist.  I ignorned the posts on this page about the office staff being rude.  I thought that I would be able to do deal with that.  WRONG!  NOBODY in that office has time for you.  Not even the Dr. I always feel VERY rushed. I am never given even close to the 15 min given for my appointment.  I think the 3 times I have been there he's seen me for no more than 5 min each time.  I feel as if I don't start talking to him as I walk down the hallway then I am going to run out of time during that visit. Dr Galli is a very knowledgeable doctor and I am very happy with my orthodics. I just wish he had time to spend with his patients.  Each time I was in the office I was told that he is behind schedule because there were emergencies he had to take care of.   If I don't get my 15 min of patient time then I shouldn't have to pay a $50 copay! 	1	4	4	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
1	1	I have been going to Dr. Galli's office for quite some time and although I too have had issues with the support staff in the past the office itself is very busy ALL of the time which could explain why some are curt and rude although this is not an excuse. Considering how busy they are I rarely ever have to wait past my appt. time and my experience with Dr. Galli has proven to me that he is an extremely caring, excellent Doctor who I trust completely. He always tries to answer my questions in a way that I can understand the issue and I do not ever feel &quot;rushed&quot; in any way.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
1	0	Love the doctors, hate the office and the staff. They are beyond rude and unhelpful and have attitude. 		3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
1	0	&quot;The bum's rush&quot;--my experience at Dr Galli's office. The staff is surly, uncooperative, and rude. If I call I'm kept on hold at leat 10 minutes. I was told they never call a patient so even when my appointment should have been cancelled since my orthotics were not ready I got no word. Dr Galli spends mere seconds with me per visit. He digresses irrelevantly during that brief time and I have to try to interrupt with questions and concerns, which are brushed off quickly. I'm blamed for whatever is wrong--&quot;you overdid it!&quot; &quot;the princess and the pea&quot; (exact quotes). My investment in expensive orthotics was a waste. They worsened the problem. So now I've been pitched shockwave treatment. Sorry, I won't be throwing away any more money and time, my trust is gone. A horrible experience.  		3	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	1	Excellent doctor. Very knowledgeable, took time to carefully evaluate problem, plus made me feel comfortable by telling jokes. Office staff was helpful, too. Recommended 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
1	0	Receptionist and office help is horrid. They sit back and let the patient do the work. Not only are they incompetent, they act as if it's the patients responsibility to do the paperwork. Dr. Galli sees each patient for 3-4 minutes, bills the insurance company and the patient has a co-pay of $25. Then he tells you to come back again to discuss the same situation. Very unprofessional. I cancelled my surgery because I am afraid of his indifference (which he masks by pretending to really care. This is my 4th surgery and I've had it with podiatrists.  		4	2	3 	Insurance:Aetna
1	1	Dr. Galli works is busy, but he took my entire body into consideration when treating my feet and helped me get to the bottom of some longstanding physical discomfort. He is very caring, despite how busy he is. His associates are very good as well. I have been treated by both of them.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
1	1	The podiatrists in this office, including Galli, (he's a bit gruff, but only a bit, and has clearly the most experience) all are knowledgable and smart. I trust them. The OFFICE, however, is dreadful. The receptionist is rude, has a surly attitude. I prefer polite and kind. I'm thinking of going elsewhere for that reason. 		2	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	I needed to consult an internist for a pre screening exam for an outpatient procedure… and was lucky enough to end up with Karen Galichon, MD.     What I learned about her via Google suggested she would be clinically excellent and I would like her…right on both counts.     This lovely lady is sharp as the heel on a jimmy Choo strappy sandal....collegial, down to earth and actual BFF material.   I got lucky... and if you choose her, so will YOU! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	1	I had a very good experience with Dr. Galichon. She seemed sympathetic to my concerns and prescribed something that worked quickly. My visit was short, but I don't need long discussions with my doctors as long as they are receptive and efficient, which she was.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
2	-1	Beth Israel in general is pretty bad - the staff is rude and not attentive. Signing up under 48 hours is not accepted, and the wait for a walk-in is 2 hours! The doctor took exactly 5 minutes to diagnose me with a virus. She was supposed to call with test results, but never did. Even a new patient should feel cared for - I am paying a lot of money for healthCARE, but I feel I never got it. 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	The kind of illnesses that lead a person to Dr.Galland's office are usually very complicated in nature so I can understand people's frustrations when they don't get better. Galland has treated me for over a year and the treatment has been very very hard and sometimes I get extremly frustrated but it is not his fault I am sick with a complex illness and also, I didn't hire him to be my friend I hired him to help me with my health. I was misdiagnosed for 5 years and Galland found the truth in the first few months of seeing of him because he really listened to what I was saying and was willing to help create a team around me of other knowledgable specailists who he keeps in touch with to plan my treatment. I can tell him anything and trust him with my life. Things have been hard for me but he always responds when I am in distress, which is more than I can say for the other 12 doctors I saw before him. He is busy because he's a good doctor not because he's a jerk, 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	-1	I do believe that the other people who rated this doctor were close friends. This doctor not only ignored my comments that I was getting worse under his care, but his bedside manner was absolute atrocious. I had an allergic reaction to one of his 'nutritional supplements' he swore was 'safe.' I almost died from it. I implore you: stay away.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Oxford
3	1	Absolutely brilliant. He saved my life. Dr Galland diagnosed my serious condition in two visits, after many other top NY doctors missed the diagnosis  He is meticulous, thorough, and really listens to you. Now, thankfully, I am on the road to recovery. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	When you are fighting for your life, Dr. Galland is a doctor you will want on your side. He actually listens to the patient, is very open-minded, and knowledgeable. If there is something you want him to research or someone you want him to talk to about your case, he will do it. Wonderful man. 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	I and my family have been using Dr. Galland for twenty-five years. If it were not for his keen ability to diagnose, quality of life would have been over for us long ago. Many times he has unusual and difficult remedies. All have proven successful for us. The practice of medicine is an &quot;art&quot;Leo Galland certainly knows that art. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	0	Here is my story. I called Dr.Galland's office. They asked me to pre-pay $200. ($900 per appointment). I gave them my card number etc. Next day they drew out $200 from my bank account. One day after I noticed two unknown unauthorized charges from Utah, Salt Lake City. The total amount was $485.I live in NYC, never shop online using my card. The only one who knew my card information was the Dr.Galland's office. I don't know how the information leaked but I lost $485. Somebody stole $485. I had to call my bank and ask them to cancel/block my card. Of course, I canceled my appointment with the doctor also. They refunded me charged $200. Right now I don't have $485 and the bank investigates what's happened. To be honest, I don't trust this office anymore. Maybe my story will be helpful. I can't rate the doctor because I've neither seen nor talked to him. 	1	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	Dr. Galland is very kind and caring. He is only too willing to listen, take his patients seriously (where others may not), and search endlessly for the cause of your condition. I have always been pleased with the quality of his care, and would never have a bad word to say about him. More docs should be like Dr. Galland. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	0	In contrast to the principles he advocates in his writings, in person he comes off as a bit aloof, a tad &quot;cold&quot; -- definitely not a warm, outgoing,concerned, empathic kind of guy. He sends you a long (about 30 page) medical history questionnaire in the mail prior to your appointment -- 90% of which he ignores during your visit.  He is very expensive and does not accept any insurance.  After your visit he finds a reason to send you for various tests -- that's fine -- but the places he attempts to send you to are also very expensive and don't accept insurance. My opinion is that, even though he calls his approach &quot;integrative&quot;, he doesn't approach the practice of medicine much differently than any other good internist.  If you are simply seeking some life-style recommendations to improve your already &quot;ok&quot; health he might be fine -- but if you are really sick with some serious issues -- I'd go elsewhere.  Be prepared to invest thousands of dollars possibly going on a wild goose chase. 	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	Excellence is synonymous with Dr. Galland. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	Surprised by other comment. This man is brilliant. He will not do what any other doctosr do. He was the only person to diagnose me correctly after decades of suffering. He is an 'outside the box' thinker, and amazing!!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	-1	An alternative, preventive medicine, holistic doctor. This is not the Dr. Galland I thought I would find based on his book, Power Healing. He sounded like he cares for patients, but I don't find that true in reality. He has a rather narrow range of expertise for chronic fatigue, although I believe he is more hard working than any other doctor I have seen. He probably won't speak to you on the phone without charging for a full office visit. He prescribes natural supplements, without much regard for economics. He didn't solve my complaint with 6 months of visits. I would apply the method of doctor checking he suggests in Power Healing, with some of your own devices, before commiting your money to Dr. Galland.  		3	2	2 	Insurance:Oxford
4	1	very professional and attentive,knowledgabe 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	She is very compassionate and easy to talk to. She teaches you great coping  skills and techniques which are very helpful in different situations throughout your daily life. She is a awesome psychologist and I would never consider see anyone else.  I would highly recommend her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	She is a really good therapist. I felt very comfortable in our sessions, and she was always able to get me to focus on what was really going on in my life and not obsessing about other things that didn't matter. She taught me how to focus and I still think back to some of the things we talked about and ways she showed me how to cope to come up with a better solution. I would, and have, recommended her to others. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	Dr.Gallacher is very helpful in helping you find ways to deal with your issues.She listens to what you say and makes me feel very comfortable talking to her.She is the best pychologist that Ive had.You dont feel rushed and she is very good at giving you new coping skills to deal with what your dealing with.I would strongly recommend her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	1	I totally agree with teh last poster.  He was fabulous, I was going through a very tramatic pregnacy and he was oh so helpful, kind and smart!!!  I totally recomend him along with Dr. Todd Rosen &amp; Dr. Dorethy Smok.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
6	1	I love dr Gaddipati.  He has been so kind and knowledgeable. I was shocked when I read the other two reviews. I am very high risk and I feel he has been right on point with everything and very proactive. I have complete trust and faith in him. I had a terrible dr before him in Brooklyn.  To me dr Gaddipati is the best dr I could have asked for! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:HIP
6	-1	I disliked his bedside manner.  While dealing with a possible miscarriage his attitude was not acceptable for me.  He had staff in his office and laughing with them while I was on the phone crying after receiving not so good news.  I did go on to miscarry for a 2nd time after finding a new doc.  I will never see this doctor again and don't recommend him to anyone else looking for a doctor who has compassion!!! STAY AWAY!  He also gave minimal info and I was unhappy with this as well.  My husband was also unhappy so it wasn't that I was just being sensitive!! 	3	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
6	-1	I waited for 2 hours each time I visited and what I had as consultation was fairly basic such as taking multivitamins.   I would like to change my OBYN! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
7	1	Dr.Gambino performed complicated shoulder surgery on 2010.He is very knowledgeable in his field and treats his patients with alot of compassion and respect.He is sincere in the way he cares for all his patients.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HIP
7	1	Several months ago he performed shoulder surgery on me. He is a very knowledgeable and caring doctor. He makes sure his patients are treated with respect during the hospital stay.  He know his specialty 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HIP
8	1	Very smart doctor, a polished professional. Practice is accordingly busy, but despite this appointments don't feel rushed. She isn't threatened by a patient's suggestion of alternative treatments or 2nd opinions, and does careful follow-up re serious issues. Staff tend to be very young, and can get a little confused or embarrassed under pressure, but are hardworking and polite. A reliable practice.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
9	1	Great doctor &amp; Great Staff.  Nurse Practioner &amp; Vascular studies done on site.  I had a pleasent experience &amp; calls were always returned regarding Labs etc.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	This Dr is very effecient, well organized and knowledgeble. The office staff very helpful and friendly at the moment i walked in until the moment i left. Will definitely follow up.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
9	1	. the nurse practioner in this office was absolutely wonderful, helpful and spent time answering all my questions 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	-1	She always cancels her appointments when you are on your way there.  It happened twice to me.  I'm done with her. Then when you do see her she says one ailment per visit.  What kind of crap is that... No more. That's it.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:GHI
9	-1	A disappointing and stressful experience.  Several times I had to come back for another appointment (at additional cost to me) because the Dr's equipment wasn't working.  The office appears to be in a messy state. Several appointments cancelled on such short notice that I didn't find out til I arrived, and a discourteous receptionist told me.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Oxford
9	-1	After this doctor CANCELLED SEVEN APPOINTMENTS IN FIVE MONTHS, I went elsewhere for treatment. SHE CANCELLED THREE APPOINTMENTS IN A ROW, EACH WITH LESS THAN AN HOUR'S NOTICE (Each of those times, she left the cancellation message while I was on the way to her office.) When I got there and discovered that my appointments had been cancelled, the receptionist was very unprofessional.  She looked me up and down in a rude manner, and said &quot;Whaddya want me to do about it&#63;&quot; 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Oxford
10	1	Excellent job with great results. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	-1	This is the most unorganized office. I have recieved phone calls where the office personnel give me another person's test results. I always have to wait more than 30 minutes to see a physicians assistant. I have never even seen the doctor, it is always a physicians assistant, intern, or nurse that I see.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:GHI
11	1	Dr Gambino is a God send. He is a very good diagnostitition.  He is knowledgeable and kind.  He always has time for you. His office staff is nice and knowledgeable 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	I like Dr. Gambino, when you can get an office visit with him--Very difficult!!! its usually with one of his PA's. Staff never answers the phone and the prompts drive you crazy!!! 		2	3	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	This doctor is very knowledgeable and concerned over your health. He takes the time to listen to your comments and helps you understand whatever the changes are. He has a very busy and efficient office, speaks English, Italian and Spanish and everyone all workers in his office are very nice and courteous. He has excellent help. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	Dr. Gadziala was the most caring physician I have ever had. I was extremely nervous about my biopsy and she put me at complete ease.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	-1	This dr apparently doesn't care about treating his patients anymore, especially anything preventative.You have to beg him for any check-up or test!He spends 2mins on each patient. 	2	4	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	Awesome, very knowledgeable and accurate. Ive been his patient for 12 years and wouldnt trade him in for another obgyn.  I recommend any woman whom has doubted another physician try him you will be happy 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
15	-1	I was not treated properly for a medical condition which resulted in my baby's death.  	2	1	2	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	-1	i absolutley don't recommend her.  she knows little about perinatology and can't handle any other than normal, simple pregnancy.  she is not pro-active if there is a problem.  she has no time for her patients who need urgent care and brings her personal issues to work. one should always ask how many babies have been lost in that doctor's care.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Oxford
16	1	He is a very knowledgeable and is a Great Doctor.  He is a Very Caring Doctor to all of his patients.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
16	1	There's always a long wait (usually at least an hour) but that's only because he is extremely thorough with every patient. I get the sense that he really cares about all of his patients. He doesn't just brush over things but takes time addressing every concern you have, and I've never had a question that he couldn't answer - he knows everything! He is a wonderful doctor. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	I've been seeing Dr. Gair for the past 20 years. He's a nice guy, very friendly and talkative, but sometimes a little TOO talkative. Also, the waiting time has been horrific in the past, but overall, he's a pretty good doctor. 	2	2	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	Dr. Gair has been my internist for the past 15 years.  While waits in his office can be long, he is a competent, caring professional, and I trust him implicitly.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
16	1	I've been with him for 15 years and kept him when I moved away, even though it was 40 mins drive.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	Always felt very commfortably talking to him. He is a gentleman and a great doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	Dr. Gair is truly the best! I recommend him highly. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	I'm always able to get an appointment for the same day when it's needed. He seems to know everything about everything and has a great personality. Sometimes I have to wait, but it's always well worth the wait and I have never left his office feeling disappointed. He's a modern day Marcus Welby, only much younger. I would highly recommend him to anyone looking for a great family doctor because there is no better.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
17	1	My name is Tom Miller.  I have read the reviews on Dr. Michael and Dr. Victor Gallo.let me tell you my story, on January 1, 2011.  I was rushed to the hospital with a punctured bowel.  I was in intensive care for three days before the Dr. performed a colostomy.  It was a female surgeon Dr. Jennifer Castro, hospital was southside in Bayshore.  After surgery, I was in and out of the hospital.  Two times and in emergencies five times, the job she did was absolutely terrible.  I called Dr. Gallo, who I had been seeing for at least 16 years and told him what happened.  He told me to get the operative report and get my tail into his office.  In May of that year Dr. Michael and Dr. Victor Gallo perform a reversal thank God for these two fine doctors.  If it wasn't for them I would still be on a bag.  I can't thank them enough for putting my life back together.  They are not only fine doctors.  They are fine human beings.  God bless Michael and Victor Gallo.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
17	-1	Had anal reconstruction surgery to remove Genital Warts. It will be 50 days tomorrow since surgery and I'm still painfully bleeding through every bowel movement and passing of stool. I'm afraid his so called 'unexperienced' son did the surgery instead of him, for which he clearly did NOT a good job. Only two short weeks after surgery my warts were back and worse then before. He did NOT advise to me that I get tested for any other sexually transmitted disease. He did NOT advise I take laxatives. Absolute disappointment and I feel severe medical mal-practice on either his or his son Michael's Part. Do NOT let him/or his son touch you.  	2	2	1	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
17	1	Best Doctor around.  Acts as if he has all day for you.  Never rushes you.  Great diagnostican.   He is the best by far! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
17	1	 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	Despite some efficiency issues with the front office staff, Dr. Gade is a caring, kind, patient and wonderful doctor. I would (and have) recommended her to colleagues and friends, and feel very lucky to have had her as a doctor during my recent tumultuous pregnancy. She is a great choice.  	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
18	-1	This doctor has a horrible bedside mannerism and did not fully inform me of my test results or their consequences until months after my diagnosis. DO NOT see her. She is abrupt, rude, and does not provide an adequate OBGYN experience.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	1	I do not at all agree with the negative reviews of Dr. Gade.  I have been with her for 4 years and am very pleased with her care. She has always taken time to address any concerns I have and spends as much time as I need at each appointment.  I find her very knowledgeable and think she has a wonderful bedside manner. She delivered my 1st baby 2 years ago and was knowledgable and reassuring at every step of my pregnancy. I am currently at the end of my second pregnancy and have had an equally good experience with Dr. Gade through this one. I hope she delivers me again because I am very cmfortable with her.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
18	1	Dr. Gade delivered my daughter and I couldn't be happier with her and how she cares for her patients.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
18	-1	I too had to see Dr. Gade when my beloved Dr. Ban left her practice on maternity leave.  I felt VERY uncomfortable with Dr. Gade as she was really short in her manner and just very &quot;cold&quot;.  I stuck with her though hoping that Dr. Ban would be back soon.  After I went in last year for suspicious yeast infections (which she claimed I did NOT have).  FINALLY after five months, i went in because I got such a bad rash down there I could hardly wear underwear becaue of the pain!  She told me to use &quot;OTC&quot; vagisil and I &quot;would be fine&quot;.  Needless to say, I made another appt with a difft gyno who quickly gave me Diflucan and POOF my infection went away.    Dr.  Gade was rude and just not professional AT ALL! 	5	4	1	1 	Insurance:GHI
18	-1	I went to her in the interim because my regular gyno, Dr. Chelsea Ban, who I loved, was on maternity leave. I went to Dr. Gade with itchiness and what I though was a poss. yeast infection. This wacko Dr. Gade said she saw nothing and it was all in my head and that I should go see a sexual therapist. Good thing, I ignored her diagnosis completely and booked another appt a little late w/Dr. Ban when she was back--and she confirmed that I'd had a yeast infection and gabe me some cream. Dr. Gade should get her license revoked.  Stupid woman 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
18	0	I was referred to Dr. Gade when my beloved OB/GYN left NYC. I made my annual appointment a little early after discovering I had a yeast infection. With Dr. Ban, my annuals were never rushed. I was in and out of Dr. Gade's office in 15 minutes FLAT. This includes a complete pap smear AND getting blood drawn. For years I was without insurance and had to go to free clinics that offered more face time with the Dr. Some people might prefer such speedy turn-around but not me. Two days after my appointment, I discovered I was FIVE WEEKS pregnant. Dr. Gade totally missed this - didn't even run a pregnancy test. Am very upset that I have to find a new gyno. I understand people are rushed, and in her defense she seemed very nice - but it's a pap smear, not a NASCAR race.  	3	5	3	3 	Insurance:Aetna
19	1	My child's doctor is very caring and shows concern for my child's welfare.  I highly recommend him..  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
20	-1	 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	Dr. G is a wonderful physician with many years experience in his field.  He's been treating me and my family for over 20 years.  I think he sits in his rolling chair so he's able to talk to his patient face to face.  He also has a physical disability to one of his legs, due to an injury he sustained in the Vietnam war.  Maybe he sits, to save his leg for when he does skin surgery.  I like him very much. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	Great doctor, talkive and interesting, he biopsied me when I was suspicious of a mole to allay my concerns... 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	-1	He just does not get up from his seat. He just sits there.  Never does anything.  Or is reluctant to do anything.  Not board certified. He just does not seem involved.  Avoid.  	3	3	1	2 	Insurance:GHI
20	-1	Please, as another person said this man is not board certified....why not&#63;  He really just sits at his desk and does nothing but talk to you...very reluctant to do anything nthat may jeopardize his job...very ineffective...  	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:GHI
20	0	He is NOT board certified. He has been practicing a long time. Why not sit for the exam&#63; 		5	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
20	0	He makes too many offensive jokes and spends more time being insensitive, than on the medical issue. 		4	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	Biopsy he ordered found cancer which was eradicated in time.  If not for his expert observation, I wouldn't be here to write this comment! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
20	1	Great doctor, great personality, organized/clean office that runs on time. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	Dr. Galligan has been excellent since day one and has made me feel very comfortable during our sessions.  He has truly gone above and beyond in helping me.  He has been very helpful during our appointments.  I would ABSOLUTELY recommend Dr. Galligan. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	I am 50 years old and this is the first doctor that truly listens, and he diagnosed me right away.  I broke out in a bad rash (due to a medication reaction) that over a few days, covered 80% of my body, he made his diagnoses, and prescribed meds.  I was scared because it looked bad and spread fast. He then made himself available to me over the weekend, saying I could call anytime. I called 2x (once Sat night, then again on Sunday morning) and was connected right away!  A week after my I saw the Dr,  I planned on calling him to let him know how I was doing.  HE CALLED ME FIRST!!!  In all my years experience with Doctors, this has never happened.   He is intelligent, knowledgeable and though he doesn't spend a lot of time with you, (because his office is busy ), he takes care of what needs to be taken care of!!  I'm very fortunate to have Dr Gabay as my doctor! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	The most knowledgeable doctor I met so far. Helped me to get cured from a few different illnesses I was suffering from.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:AARP
22	-1	this doctor is horrible. all please you must stay away from this mentalcase as he will always tell you that there is nothing wrong with you. use him at your own risk. if you meet him tell him that son of sam says hi 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	I don't really visit doctors too often, but I try to do a timely physical exam, to be on the safe side. Dr. Gafanovich is located in front of my office, and she offers same-day appointments. She is very attentive and has good manners. I never had a problem there.  	 7/31/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
23	1	Dr. Gafanovich might have the only patient from Upstate - and that's me. I used to work in Manhattan, and liked her so much, that I decided to stay with her practice depsite location inconvenience. Guess what, she always answers the phone in case of emergency and even does some skype sessions with me. She is a seasoned primary care doctor who is focused on prevention of diseases, which in my opinion is an essence of a true doctor.  	 5/8/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
23	-1	.  	1	1	2	2 	Insurance:CIGNA
23	-1	My first impression with this doctor is that she was very kind. I went in for a physical and explained to her that I had been getting sick more frequently (every month a cold). After checking me she felt a lump and had me get an ultra sound. When explaining the results to me, she explained NOTHING. She simply told me I had two small things and to return in six months because she had nothing to compare it to. &quot;I have nothing to compare it to&quot;, seemed to be her favorite phrase. It seemed she has no knowledge of what she was reading and didn't explain the results to me or the next steps. I was upset and scared to I took it upon myself to read the results and found another doctor. To make the long story short, the other doctor told me she should have asked for a biopsy. It turns out I have cancer. I'm glad I followed my gut and went somewhere else. DO NOT GO TO HER!!!! I was lucky to have listened to myself but I don't wish the same thing to happen to someone else.  	3	5	1	1 	Insurance:Oxford
23	1	Dr. Marina Gafanovich has been my primary care doctor for a few years now. I have never had a problem - she is always listening an provides comprehensive advice and treatment. She refers to great specialists, so I never have a second thought about it. The staff is willing to assist in case I have to wait and is also very efficient when it comes to scheduling and re-scheduling appointments. Overall, I can recommend this doctor to anybody who lives or works in Upper East Side.  	 8/13/11	5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
23	1	I am completely satisfied with a range of given services. All tests were made immediately within the clinic. Doctor Gafanivich examined me very carefully and prescribed me some medicine, and made some notes in her organizer. In a week when a came next time I felt myself much better.  	 7/18/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
23	1	I was suffering from a terrible pain in my jaw. I visited many of   New York doctors but nobody could tell me exactly what a problem was. Dr. Marina Gafanovich was the last in my list, but only she could diagnose the reason and give me the right treatment. 	 6/13/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	When my sister was here to visit me she got really ill. I called the office of Doctor Gafanovich who has her practice in Yorkville, Manhattan, where I live. I was extremely happy to get an emergency appointment the same day. My sister was very scared, but the doctor calmed her down. There is no doubt she is satisfied with the help she received.    My sister is well now, but appreciates the warm help she got when she was ill and afraid on her vacation in New york.    To me Doctor Gafanovich is the neighborhood doctor of choice.    Joel and Sarah 	 3/23/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	This is one of the most attentive and kind-hearted MDs I've ever seen. One of a few things that are for sure in New York is my doctor! Dr. Gafanovich is up to the highest standards of healthcare.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	A very knowledgable and trustworthy internist. I waited for less than 10 minutes before I was examined by Dr. Gafanovich.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
23	1	Great physician. I've been with Dr. Gafanovich for the last 3 years and never had a problem.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	-1	Despite promising to meet my relative before her heart surgery no one got to speak with him. He lied to my whole family and told us she was doing very well.  Several days following the surgery he finally  decided to face us only to say that she was not going to make.  Then he ran out of the room as fast as possible.  My relative never woke up from this routine surgery.  He has no respect for his patients or their families.  If you need surgery find another hospital and another doctor.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
24	1	One of he best!  Dr. Galloway is a gifted surgeon.  I have excellent results from a mitral valve repair. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	The best doctor in NYC,I would put my life in her hands she is brilliant, kind,cares for her patients.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthFirst
26	1	Sweetest, kindest and most thorough internist I have ever had. Very responsive--answers calls.  Highly recommended!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
26	1	Dr. Galloway is the best, mostknowledgeable, compassionate, caring doctor I have ever been to. I have been her patient for over 20 years. She has diagnosed serious medical problems I didn't know I had. Thanks to Dr. Galloway I am healthy and well. I highly recommend her.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	1	Exceptional Doctor, Really Listens, Excellent Diagnostician! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	16 months ago I lost my wife to cancer. Dr.Gaesser along with the hospitalists at Vassar were caring and did their best for both of us. I wish I could say the same about the so called specialists. Dr. Gaesser went above and beyond anything we could have asked for. He is caring and compassionate. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	I would highly recommend him.  Our community is lucky to have him here. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	Dr. Gaesser,Is a Doctor that is caring.Along with is staff I believe he will be rated 1 in this area. AB 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	1	The doctor and office staff have done a great job caring for my medical issues.  I recommend Dr. Gaesser very highly.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
27	1	Dr. Gaesser's embraces Family Medicine with compassion and extreme professionalism and is our full family Physician. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	Dr. Galeno is an excellant orthopedist. His staff is friendly and he himself does not rush pts out, he actually listens. Puntuality has been an issue at times, but most pts will gladly wait to see him. In fact, at times he has been very late, but the waiting room had a very comraderly air. Because of the care he gives his pts, people just don't leave. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	He clearly knew what he was talking about and was able to pinpoint why I was having pain 20 years after back surgery.   He sent me to a PT and it was the best thing I ever did! 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	1	great guy and a damned talented seurgon.He was able to fix my knee after 2 other Dr's tried and failed.Took the time to fully explain what he found and great follow up care visits despite the long waits in his office. Not too bad considering all the paitents waiting for him. IMHO he's well worth the wait 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
28	1	There is nothing to be said that is not great, good, wonderful and magnificent about dr. galeno.   He is knowledgeable, friendly and easy to talk to, down right honest in his answers!  I cannot think of going to another orthopedist! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:AARP
28	-1	Because of my insurance he had the right to make me worse&#63; I'm worse now then before. He fused L1-L5. After 5 mos. he told me he didn't know why I'm not getting better. He promised he would not give me any blood transfussions- He Lied.From the medical records it looked like he used a total of 9 units of blood. He told my husband and myself he wished he had read my chart prior to starting the surgery.. and I was his most interesting case he had in his 20 years. Now there's 2 things you don't want to hear from your surgeon. I was on alot of meds when I went in for surgury..I was never told to reduce any meds..When I left the hosp. He had me on next to nothing.. I keep calling his office crying in pain.. the staff never let me speek to him or did he call me back. All they would say was &quot;Your on enough medication to knock over a horse. HE HAD NO COMPASSION. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	Dr. exhausts all avenues before he does surgery. He seems to care about his patients.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
28	1	Dr. Galeno is professionable and knowlegable as well as willing to take time to answer quesions. No question seemed ridiculous or unimportant. He made surgery a comfortable experience. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	-1	Dr. Gamaluddin was my PCP for a very difficult period of my life. I was taking care of a dying family member,was ill myself,working full time and was terribly stressed out.I found her to be cold,brusque.I don't feel she was interested in me as a person or patient or a good listener.This seems even more evident now since my prior doctor was very good and my current doctor is a wonderful and compassionate professional.A terrible experience , Not recommended. 	2	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	Dr. Gamaluddin is very compassionate and a wonderful doctor! She is always there and listens to me when I need her help.she is very knowledgeable! I would refer her to anyone looking for a new doctor! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	-1	This doctor was without question the worst physician I have ever been associated with.I would not recommend her to anyone.  	1	4	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
30	1	Dr. Galante was very knowlegable and his staff was very friendly and curtious.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
30	1	EVERYONE THERE WAS JUST SO NICE, VERY PLEASANT ENVIRONMENT.  DR GALANTE TOOK GREAT CARE OF ME 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
30	1	Very courteous and made me feel at ease, would definitely recommend him 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	. Excellent doctor, very knowledgable, and a perfect bedside manner 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	1	Very efficient. Nice clinic.  	4	5	4	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
32	1	I owe him a lot for what he has done for me as well. I had complication with my bariatric surgery and I saw many surgeons all over US. One of the Bariatric surgeon at Stanfor told me she could not do my surgery but she would only trust Dr. Gagner with such complicated surgery. I went to him and he understood my problem as soon as he read my surgery report.  He told me my surgery was not done right and I should have revision surgery. He is the best of the best. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	Went to this doctor on emergency basis with complications from my gastric bypass surgery from a different surgeon. His staff fit me in right away. He ran tests the same day and I got a call that night to go back to get admitted to the hospital. my condition was severe and Dr Gagner even canceled a vacation with his family to treat me. I owe this man my life. He is that good. His fellows were also beyond great! Everything is top of the line with this doctor. Skills and associates- You should be at ease with Dr. Gagner. He is quiet simply the best of the best. There are no words to describe my gratitude to him and his staff.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	1	Dr. Gallucio provides excellent advise and first rate referrals when needed.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
34	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	I think he is the best.  Checkout his website.  He performed emergency surgery on my 88 year old mother.  He treated her like she was a treasure.  Very knowledgeable.  Will answer all questions.  never rushes you. he is not radical in his approach to treatment.    You may not see him at the hospital but he is on top of everything.  He has a calm presense about him that just puts you at ease.  I HIGHLY recommend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:GHI
36	1	Dr.Gallagher is a sweetheart, but is not on time. Every time I have an appointment with her, she is always late. However, she is very helpful, answers your questions thoroughly, and very thoughtful.  	5	1	4	5 	Insurance:Oxford
37	1	Dr. Gagluso is lovely and warm. The test procedures are state of the art and carefully monitor a patient's status.  I have been stable for 10 years with no loss of visual field.  When I first saw Dr. Gagliuso there was often a very long wait, but now that the department has moved to larger quarters, there is very little wait time.  I have never been treated badly and everyone smiles.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
37	-1	Dr. Gagliuso is a glaucoma specialist at Mt. Sinai Ophthalmology. They are a research and teaching hospital, and that's what they do -- research and teaching. Patients are lab rats and guinea pigs. There is far too much testing, which is apparently not for the patients' benefit but rather for the data they want. A typical visit lasts 3 hours (my record was 4.5 hours), most of which time is spent in the waiting room. Patients in the faculty practice do not have access to the latest medical developments. Dr. Gagliuso herself is the 3-minute sum-up of the long appointment. She is not warm. I formed the impression she doesn't like patients or like seeing them. The large staff is the rudest I've ever encountered. Nobody looks at you, nobody smiles, nobody talks to you. You are a thing. Stay away. 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	Dr. Galina CHANGED my life! I am a young, extremly active person who had two level cervical disk herniation. I really didn't want a fusion. His expertise in cervical disk replacement changed my life. He easied my anxiety before surgery, answered all my questions, and was completely accessible throughout my care! His staff was equally impressive and careing. They fought with my insurance company to approve my surgery all the while takeing care of me as a patient. I owe my life to him. Thank you.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
39	-1	worst experience of my life. went for consultation and doctor was rude and yelled at me for making stupid mistakes with my life. What kind of doctor does that&#63;&#63; Left the office crying. Made me even more depressed.  Don't go to this doctor!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
39	-1	Dr. Gabay was 45 minutes late for a 1 PM appointment. When she arrivedin the office 10 people were waiting all for one o'clock appts. Dr. Gabay saw two patients then took a 20 minute lunch break. After informing me that she that she could not take me on as a patient, she refused to refer me to another doctor. Gabay is unprofessional, not punctual and has no idea of what a doctor/patient relationship should be.  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
39	-1	It would be nice if the doctors spoke English and could write a prescription without the pharmacy questioning it. A computer would also help this office in the 21st century. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	Pays attention to detail. Will follow-up and take time to answer questions. Very pleasant demeanor.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
40	1	. This doctor is still learning but is personable and easy to talk to 	3	3	4	4 	Insurance:GHI
41	1	Dr. Gamache did surgery on me in December 2009.  He gave me a sense of confidence and experience.  My husband, who is also a doctor, was very impressed with his care of me.  So much so that when he himself had severe neck pain several months later, went to Dr. Gamache and also had surgery.  Dr. Gamache was not quick to do surgery as some surgeons are.  While I wanted him to do surgery on me as quickly as possible, he preferred to wait and see if the symptoms resolved on their own over time and with rest.  When it didn't resolve on its own, he got me in for surgery as quickly as possible.  I would highly recommend him and have to quite a few people. Whether you need a second opinion or first, he's worth going to see.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
41	-1	 	4	5	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	after having several conflicting opinions from other neuro and orthopedic surgeons re: back surgery Dr. Gamache clarified my diagnosis and spent considerable time with me and my husband to explain every aspect of the surgical indications, proceedure and recovery. He was not only professional in every way but also kind and attentive when I had questions during my treatment.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
42	-1	I can't believe the reviews here.  Dr. Galbreath is one of those doctors who stares at you and asks a few brusque questions.  He acts totally disinterested.  He did NOT put me at ease and I did not find him easy to talk to.  And forget feedback.  The guy sits there the entire time typing on his laptop as  you talk and does not interject with observations, recommendations, anything.  I think he is playing video games the whole time!  He has also prescribed medication that is severely contraindicated for me...even though I had just mentioned my other illness.  When I filled the script and read the warning (not in the &quot;rare&quot; category) I did not take it.  When I told him about this he simply rolled his eyes at me.  I have seen many psychiatrists over the years and tried him because he is close to home.  Horrible interpersonal skills.  I am currently looking for another doctor. 	3	3	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	My name is Derek and I have seen a few psychiatrists in my life.  Dr. Galbreath is a great guy who is very knowledgable, down to earth and easy to talk with.   Go see him and his dog at his office in fairport! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
42	1	Just the best doctor I have ever had.  It is intimidating seeing a new doctor, but he puts you at ease. 	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	Awesome person...  helpful and his office manager is great! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
42	1	Dr. G is not out for the money, he is concerned for patients welfare. Dog in office is therapeutic. Secretary, Anne is very efficent. 	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	Excellent surgeon.  Complex surgery.  Very little facial scaring.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
43	-1	some advice spend time with your patients, dont overbook and teach your staff, mainly your nurse and receptionist manners. Good Luck.  	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Aetna
43	1	Dr Gabalski was extreamly helpful spent alot of time explaining and going over options. He made sure we were comfortable with our dicission and explained everthing so we could understand exactly what was going to happen. Staff was also very helpful.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
43	1	This doctor was very helpful in guiding the treatment of throat cancer. He made sure I understood the disease and the treatment options.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
44	1	My husband, my daughter and myself all LOVE Dr. Gallo. We began to see her when she first started working with Dr. Weiner on Ralph Avenue. She is very kind, patient, knowledgeable and understanding. She does not rush you out of her office and answers all our questions. The wait is sometimes long but we understand. She is really the BEST doctor we have ever been to. Her staff has always been kind and helpful to us. I am glad she has her office on 77th Street because we moved to Staten Island and she is now closer to us.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
44	1	Dr. Gallo is absolutely my favorite doctor I've ever had. I've been going to her for well over 10 years &amp; even hough I've moved well out of the area, I have no plans to change to another doctor. I've  never had a problem with her. She always kind, professional, listens and explains. Unfortunately the typical wait time has been 1-2 hours and the staff is the worst I've delt with in my life. I've waited weeks for sime paperwork, been spoken more than rudely if I ask them a question, spoken to very rudely, hung up on and they work very slowly when it comes to even simple paperwork. 	2	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	I love her.  She listetns and explains things so clearly. Dr. Gallo's apprroach to my medical problems was excellent. As a former RN she impressed me tremendously.  Her staff booked my appointment quickly and when I was delayed at another Dr.'s office, they told me to come when I was done there, not to worry.  I waited 20 minutes to see her.  Her staff Karen, Chris, Annaelle and others were wonderful.  I highly recommend her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
44	0	Do not go during lunch time hours. The entire staff and the doctor will eat in your face and you will be sitting there for an hour. I came at 11:00 and left at 2:30 I was the next patient after they were done eating.  	2	2	3	2 	Insurance:Aetna
44	1	Dr. Gallo is the best!! She is calm, nice and knowledgeable. She never makes you feel rushed and listens to your concerns.  I recommend her to everyone.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:GHI
44	-1	drop off paper work still waiting for to filled out they told me it be ready today and still need paper work to renew my drivers license now with there lack of effort its gonna expired 	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	Staff is the worst ever!!! They are rude and and will hang up on you if they dont like you. But the doctor is great! Its too bad she doenst do somthing about her staff.  	1	1	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
44	1	I have used Dr. Gallo for my daughter and myself for years now. She is calm, kind, and knowledgable.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:GHI
44	1	i was a patient of Dr Gallo's for yrs, and got the very best of service always. she is polite, very knowledgable, professional, and always gave me quality time that anyone looks for in a doctor. i am disabled, and live far away now, so i am no longer able to see her, but how i wish i can find another doctor like her.  i highly recommend her, she is one of the best! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
44	0	. very nice doctor, but it is hard to get an appointment with her since she is only in the office by my house 2 days a week (once in the morning and once at night) 	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:GHI
44	1	Lover her.   I moved to Cape May NJ 3 years ago and still travel up just to see  her for check ups.  She is patient, kind and explains things to you.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	1	best doctor in the world that cares about her patients. she is very knowlegable and makes you feel at ease. she will never let you down she will work with you until you feel better. she is very patient and will always make time to see you even in an emergency or if its at her other office. she always has a smile on her face that makes you feel welcomed.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
44	1	. not in office often enough, getting an appointment is a mission b/c she's not in too often 		3	4	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	-1	. Excellent and very patient 		3	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
45	1	Wonderful, caring and knowledgeable professional with GREAT staff.  100% satisfied and refer all my friends here. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	now our family Doctor very pleased with the care given by Dr.  Galu 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	1	i have been going to this doctor for 3 years , as to this date iam happy with her expertise and profectional stature i only have good commments on her.... 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	Dr. Galu is one of the most caring doctors I have been to and very helpful.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	-1	This doctor is dangerous and uncaring. I have panic disorder, which she told me to &quot;get over&quot;, and other health problems which she made no effort to examine past prescribing me medication. When I expressed my concern about a certain problem she told me that my labs were normal (they weren't, it said so right on the paper), but then gave me meds anyway just to shut me up. I never took these meds because I don't trust her at all. 	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
45	-1	I woul dlike to state that I received the poorest care of anywhere it was incompetent and I am thinking about it being criminal. I was diagnosed with a metastatic tumor on my liver which I didn't have then they tried to biopsy my liver took out my gallbladder made up some****and bull statement she then tried to tell me that I had memory loss which I have since been tested for and I did not have. She cost me my livlihood and put my life in considerable risk I was unable to support myself all on the advice of this woman who didn't know what she was talking about. I was severely tramatized and was conpensated through a court so I don't think she is a good doctor. 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	Dr Galu has been treating both my husband and myself for two years now and has always been professional and caring in her manner. She listens to what we have to say and treats us with respect.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	-1	She seems like a nice knowledgeable doctor, however if you are sick and do not have text book perfect symptoms, she will try to convince you it is all in your head. The other female doctor along with the mid level provider with this office are basically the same way, possibly even worse. Because of there lack of expertise and there ways of misdiagnosing their patients, I am now suffering with irreversable health problems that should of been diagnosed and treated at the first onset of symptoms. Instead, I was told the pain and symptoms I was expereincing were all in my head and that the only thing that would help me is a pyschiatric evaluation and treatment. After having a psych eval. that came back perfectally normal, Dr. Galu still inisited that all my problems were in my head. Listen to your body, not this doctor or doctors in this group! Dr. Galu's negligance and lack of proper treatment have left me with major health problems that are beyond the treatment stage. 		1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	Extremely informative, through. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
46	-1	Very rude.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
47	1	I am very confident in Dr Gaffuri. Great doc. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	We professional and knowledgeable.Average bedside manner. Tells it like it is.  	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:Medicare
49	0	He is very rude and I would NOT recommend him in the future.  	4	1	2	3 	Insurance:Aetna
49	1	Wait time not bad. Was very knowledgable about treating club foot without surgery, which is very important. Used an effective, conservative approach and was even helpful in offering advice if our unborn child was also effected with the same problem. Bedside manner is not the best - tends to be curt and quick, but we didn't feel it compromised our son's care.  	5	4	5	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	-1	. Bad bad bad bedside mannor he doesnt care or explain why he is or why he is not doing somethimg 	3	2	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	-1	Dr Galpin Has the worst bedside mannor I have ever experienced with a Dr. when my son was about to have his surgery at 18mths I was scared he seemed like he had somewhere else to be.  He was so rude and the parents in the waiting room felt the same just an over all bad experience with him 	3	3	2	2 	Insurance:OHIP
49	0	We found Dr Galpin to be rude and sarcastic in his answers to our questions.  I would not recommend him based on this experience.  	3	3	1	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	1	 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
51	0	Poor patient management. 	5	3	3	2 	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	This is a doctor who returns your calls, answers your questions and takes care of you. I feel confident with him.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
52	1	Dr. Gal is a great doctor. Knowledgable and caring 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
53	1	So friendly and helpful, conveniently located on 69th b/w lex and 3rd, and they have someone on call on weekends, so no more waiting in hospital emergency rooms when your child gets sick on a saturday! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	I like Dr. Galatzan, b/c he considers parent's overal goal into his plan of treatment. So, my son, who was seen by ENT screaming to do tubes, was also seen by Dr. G, who offered a more conservative approach, taking my fears into consideration.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
54	1	He is not only a great pediatrician...he is the best doctor I know! It's very hard to find a good doctor these days. He is very caring and well-qualified.  Respectful of parents and their children! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	1	Dr. Galatzan works very well with children. Keeps parents informed. Willing to listen to child and parents concens. Friendy, caring and knowledgable.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
54	1	Dr. Galatzan is very thorough and listens to your concerns. He is very good with kids and is always there to help. He goes above and beyond all standards for a pediatrician.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
55	-1	I do not believe this physician is practicing with this group any longer.  Just as well.  I'm sure he is a fine physician, but he has the bedside manner of a rock; for a pediatric practice that is not something I ever want to enounter again. I could never recommend him to anyone with a child who has orthopedic needs.  	 12/27/09	2	2	2	Insurance:Aetna
55	1	 	2	2	5	2 	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	Dr.  Gable is amazing!! He takes the time to listen to you!! If you are looking for an obgyn he is perfect! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
56	1	Been seeing dr. Gabel for 30 years. Caring- Understanding- takes his time with you. I have other probelms so whenever I have ANY kind of surgery I  make sure the other doctors check with Dr. gabel first to make sure I can have it. he is more than a doctor- he is alike a family member who watches out for you. He treats everyone the same. I send  new patients to him and he is still lvong and makes you feel like you are the most  important person in the world at that time- No rush. Staff is excellent. Wished we could  cloan him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
57	1	I find Dr. G to be very caring and she always wants to get to the bottom of the problem.  I have been seeing her she first started at Gutherie and am nothing but pleased.  She is a no nonsense doctor and expects you to be responsible for your care. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
57	-1	insist on unnecessary test.. cold, prescribes with no real exam 	1	4	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
57	-1	I had a wart inside my nose and it felt very uncomfortable. When I went to see her, she told me it was a bugger without even looking at it.  	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
57	-1	I've seen her for 4 years and quit today...she orders crazy tests for no reason and snaps when I ask why...explains nothing and is means. Complains she cannot operate computers or that other are incompentant..scary... aviod 	2	1	1	2 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
57	-1	Avoid this doctor at all costs!  She insisted that I have tests done exactly when she wanted them done (despite Specialists' contradictory view) and when I refused to take tests at exact time that she wanted me to, she made arrangements to have me banned from the clinic!  This was done without her personal contact with me, etc.   She also kept forgetting that she had already prescribed a certain medication for my cholesteral - so she kept asking her nurses to tell me to start up on the same medication that she already had prescribed!  Terrible experience!  I am going to contact the AMA! 	1	3	1	2 	Insurance:Aetna
57	-1	To be fair, I've only been in to see Dr. Galyanova once, but I do not intend to return. She was cold and a bit rude during my physical.  No thank you.  	5	4	2	2 	Insurance:Aetna
57	1	I have been a patient for 3-4 years.  She is helpful, knowledgeable and thorough.  She is also prompt and explains the reason for doing something.  She and her staff are exemplary.  	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
57	-1	Dr. Galyanova was very rude and inconsiderate as a general practitioner. I told her that I had an eating disorder but she called me a liar because I weighed exactly the same as I had months before on a previous visit--which, I'll say was the bottom weight of my healthy weight range. I told her that my weight actually changed up and down during those months between appointments and that my disorder had to do with my behavior and psychological elements in addition to weight changes and she just dismissed my problem saying I didn't have a problem because my weight was techincally in the healthy range. She was very condescending and not interested in my concerns about my own health or in helping me. I would not go to her in an emergency if she was the only doctor in town, and I wouldn't recommend anyone else doing so either.  	5	3	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
58	1	a very good doctor 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
59	1	Maria is very kind, and has a good sense of humour.  She has never pushed me into discussing or disclosing anything; she instead waits for me to bring things up, or gently nudges me if she feels there's an area worth exploring.  I look forward to seeing her each time, as I get a lot out of our sessions. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	. shes the best doctor i have ever had, very attentive, and the best part is that she listens 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
60	-1	doctor does not believe in x-rays. mis diagnosed both myself and another family member.  	3	3	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
60	1	She the best docotr in the world. I knew her since I was a kid. Caring and a heart of gold.    Jimmmy 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
60	1	Good doctor if your willing to be a little patient, she is very thorough with her diagnosis and likes to make sure you understand it clearly, the con to that is doing that with every person you see each day sometimes leads to having the next patient wait longer.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
61	1	Dr. Gabriel is wonderful, caring, and progressive. Best doc in NY! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	Dr. Michael Gabriel is an amazing doctor and I amazed that he doesn't have more ratings on here being his practice is well-known. He has a true understanding about how the bodt functions and find underlying causes of conditions. He treats your child and discovers why they are sick which is important for the overall health of your body. He discovered a blood disorder my son has; it explained all of his illnesses and now he is a happy healthy 3 year old. He truly is an amazing doctor.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:GHI
61	1	Fantastic doctor. Dr. M. Gabriel is extremely knowledgeable, very helpful and also professional.  Absolutely reliable and always straight-forward. 	 4/28/11	3	3	5	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	Incredible staff.  Treats Autistic children using proven safe diet therapy! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
61	1	I'm very pleased with all Doctors at Gabriel Pediatrics. They take the time with your child and answer any questions and/or concerns. I also love the fact that they give you a little sheet with basic information about your baby for each well visit as he/she grows. It is very helpful to new mothers especially.  Recommended! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:HIP
62	1	He is one fine doctor.. See my store under Victor Gallo's Review,Tom Miller 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
62	-1	Rude and cold desk staff. I was never seen on time and waited more then an hour once. Had anal reconstruction surgery to remove Genital Warts. It will be 50 days tomorrow since surgery and I'm still painfully bleeding through every bowel movement and passing of stool. I'm afraid his, so called 'unexperience' is horrifically true. It was scheduled to be done by his father Victor, but I fear his son did the surgery and damage. Only two short weeks after surgery my warts were back and worse then before. He did NOT advise to me that I get tested for any other sexually transmitted disease. He did NOT advise I take laxatives. Absolute disappointment and severe medical mal-practice on either his father's or Michael's Part. Do NOT let his award winnings and wall plaques fool you. And do NOT him/or his father touch you.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
62	0	Not enough experience.May incurr complications. 	4	4	4	2 	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	There is no much pediatricians left in our days as Dr. Gabbur. He is extremely compassionate about what he does, cares about his patients and most importantly does not rush while he examines children.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
63	1	Dr. Gabbur is a very good doctor. He can be reached twenty-four hours a day, seven days a week. He always returns your call. You are not required to make an appointment, just come in and your child will be taken care off. He is caring and on point. Whatever he does works. We need more doctors like Dr. Gabbur. God bless him.  JJ 		5	5	5 	Insurance:GHI
63	1	I highly recommend this Doctor. He has been my childrens' Doctor since my oldest was 3 and my youngest was born (both now 19 and 16). He is extreemly thorough and caring. My youngest has asthma and Dr. Gabbur can always be reached at anytime and always returns your calls (many times he has even checked back when I haven't even called him to make sure all is fine and directions are followed)Dr. Gabbur is caring and very knowledgable.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:GHI
64	-1	 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
64	-1	My daughter had two cavities need to be filled, Dr. John injects both tooth surrounding area so the teeth will be numb.  After 5 minutes he started to fills the tooth.  My daughter starts to moved and cried throughout the whole filling.  I don’t know what is wrong, I thought she feels uncomfortable and scared by the time Dr. John finished.  She showed me her lip with a needle mark. OMG, I felt so bad for my daughter.  She must feel the pain throughout the whole filling process. The next day she showed me again, the needle mark became water bubbles a lot of bubbles. My heart is breaking.  I told her not to worry, it will be ok.  I don’t think I will go back to Dr. John again. Bad experience. 	3	1	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	great dr. very kind to my very difficult child who is autistic they took the time to give him a thorough exam take xrays and clean his teeth my son had one cavity dr. john treated him that same day  and we plan to return for the 6 month check up 	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:HIP
65	1	Dr.Gaglio treated me several years ago at Tulane Medical Center in New Orleans,LA.  He is an excellent doctor and a very nice person. Thanks to him I am alive today and very healthy.  :) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
65	1	extremely patient, and confident. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	Dr. Gambarin-Gelwan is a wonderful doctor. I love her bedside manners, and she does her best to give her patient the best care available. I live 2 1/2 hours away from her office, but I make the commute only because I know with this doctor I going to receive excellent treatment. If you are looking for a doctor that treats liver diseases she's the one for you.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
66	1	VERY KNOWLEGEBLE DOCTOR. VERY GOOD BEDSIDE MANNERS. I WOULD DEFINITELY RECOMMEND HER.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
67	1	I came to Dr. Galizi with an intestinal problem that would not go away. I had it for several months and was rapidly losing weight. Dr. Galizi cured me and did it with real caring and concern for my health problems. I wear a pacemaker and take coumadin. The loss of so much fluid was driving my numbers crazy. Dr. Galizi got everything under control and my health returned to normal. I will always be grateful for the wonderful care I received from her and her staff. She is a total professional and relates to your situation with great understanding. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	Dr. Galizi is compassionate and easy to talk to. She makes medical conditions easy to understand, and is a nice person as well as an excellent Dr. She also called to follow up on my condition after a procedure, which was greatly appreciated and is also testament to her concern for her patients.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:GHI
67	1	I first saw Dr. Galizi in a somewhat emergency situation about 7 years ago.  I was quite scared at the time, and she explained everything in detail to me and exactly what she needed to do.  I never had a female physician before, and was a bit nervous about that also.  But, Dr. Galizi was extremely patient and me to be comfortable.  I live quite a distance from Dr. Galizi's office, but still return to her.  She has my highest recommendation. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	I found Dr. Gamagaris to be extremely knowledgeable and very caring. She spent time with me and explained everything to me. She answered my questions in a way that i could understand. I was very happy with my visit.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:GHI
69	1	Highly recommend Dr. Gainor for any one needing corrective surgery. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	Has been excellent with my 7 year old son who broke his arm.  I definately recommend Dr. Gainor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
69	1	First, let me say that I have had two previous knee replacements that failed before meeting with Dr. Gainor. Over the past six years I have suffered pain, inability to walk, swelling, bleeding into knee and visits to the hospital. I had given up before meeting the doctor. Once I met Dr. Gainor my attitude changed, I was hopeful I would walk again. He is so patient, caring and friendly that he inspires hope.  Even though I am an RN he explained everything he would do before and after surgery and what I should expect.  Always answered my questions honestly and made me feel safe to once again have the third total knee. Surgery went fine, rehab was great and P.T. was so helpful. I highly recommend Dr. Gainor and trust that he is the best man for repairing knees and hips. He is a pleasure to deal with, never rushing you and makes you feel important,  Thank you Dr. Gainor!! Normalee R.  Steele 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
70	0	At first I liked Dr. Gahr when I saw her for a check-up.  A friend who used to see her before her insurance provider changed recommended her.  The problem I had was my test results.  Dr. Gahr upon finding out that I didn't have health insurance and was paying out of pocket offered to call and give me my test results.  If she felt that the results warranted me coming in and paying for another visit, she would tell me to make an appt.  She never called so I called her office to follow up and was told I needed to make an appt to get my test results which I paid for.  I had the feeling my results came back okay, but Dr. Gahr refused to respond to my phone messages and her staff insisted that I essentially pay more money to get my results.  After a few mths of calling, they and Dr. Gahr finally gave in and allowed me to pick up results which showed I was fine.  I decided never to go back.  If Dr. Gahr wanted my money so badly I don't understand why she made the offer in the first place. 	2	3	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
70	-1	Dr. Gahr is not helpful and never follows up. I've called for my results so many times and left messages and still no luck. First test took two months to obtain results and the second test was 1 1/2 months ago and still no result. I feel that I have to make an appointment every time I have a simple question answered.  	4	3	2	2 	Insurance:Oxford
70	1	Dr. Gahr is excellent. You feel confident regarding her knowledge and she is very, very pleasant. Definitely recommended.  	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
70	1	I cant not say enough good things about this doctor. First of all, I called the office with an issue and was seen SAME DAY as a new patient. I went in after a horrendous experience at another doctor and with concerns because I was having major issues. She did an ultrasound on the spot, and met with me both before AND after. She took her time, and answered ALL questions I had and explained things to me in a way that made sense. She did a FULL WORKUP (which many doctors dont do, btw). I left there feeling very calm at at ease. Great office. Great Doctor. I have been looking for a good gyno in the city for quite some time and I think I have finally found her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
70	-1	Overall nice practice, but Gahr is rude, obnoxious and not as knowledgable as stated. Very moody and very &quot;greater than thou. &quot; 		3	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
70	1	She is the perfect balance of caring and professional. She has been by doctor almost 10 years and most of my friends now see her too. She is the most professional and wonderful doctor you can imagine. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	She was not dismissive of any of my concerns, even when they bordered on hypochondria. Love her.  		3	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
70	1	She delivered my baby and was terrific.  		5	4	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
71	1	I've been going to Open Lines for about 8 months and I see Dr. Jessica Galgano once per week, she is FABULOUS! I actually look forward to my appointments - the staff is friendly, the office is &quot;homey&quot; and she is a great doctor!! I've had vocal issues my whole life and she has helped me so much - shes a pleasure to work with.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
72	1	This office is wonderful.  Dr Gaden takes his time with you and returns phone calls.  His staff is very friendly and helpful.  The whole office will go the extra step to help 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	Dr. Gallivan is amazing.  He stays informed of new/better ways of doing things and the dental work I've had done there has been top notch.  Although I don't think a previous poster should have given him average ratings without dealing with Dr. Gallivan directly, I absolutely agree that his hygenist is fantastic, she's the best hygenist I've ever seen.  Passionate about her job and very thorough. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
73	0	I really wouldn't know much about him, I never see him! His hygenist does all the work and she is absolutely wonderful! I only see him if there is a problem, yet he gets all the money. I think there's something wrong with that. I hope his hygenist is well paid because once again she is wonderful! 		1	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
74	1	Dr. Gajjar is probably the best dentist in Brooklyn I have been to.  Very clean office and nice staff.  Dr. Gajjar has excellent bedside matter and is very good at what he does.  When I moved from NJ to Brooklyn my dentist recommend I see Dr. Gajjar.  She (my NJ dentist) said Dr. Gajjar is an excellent Dentist.  And I can't thank her enough.  I actually like him better (hope she doesn't see this).  I would highly recommend Dr. Gajjar to anyone. 	 11/21/11	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
74	1	I went to Dr. Gajjar becasue I have been to several dentists with concerns about my bleeding gums.  They all told me I just need to brush and floss better.  I brush and floss 3 times a day.  Dr. Gajjar did a very detailed examination and found that I had periodontal disease.  After a couple of treatments, no more bleeding gums!  He's the best, spends time with his patients and actually cares.  He is not near me and it takes me over an hour to get to him, but so worth it! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
74	1	Extremely intelligent and excellent bedside  manner.  He pays attention to detail and his work is never less than perfection.  He doesn't rush but is very efficient.  He has the best hands of any dentist I have been too and I have had plenty of dental work in my life.  Thank god he's a young doctor.  I can't imagine myself going anywhere else. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
75	1	I had a very complicated problem that no one could diagnose.  He spent the time with me to ask the right questions and listened.  This was ensued by a battery of tests and diagnosis of a very rare disease.  being treated for it has made my life so much better.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
75	1	The Dr. was very concerned with comfort and health. I saw him to have a colonoscopy since my sister had pre cancerous pylops. He immediately scheduled me in. He was very thorough in explaining the process. He came in before the anesthesia and made sure I was comfortable. I highly recommend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:GHI
76	1	I am extremily happy with Dr. Galvez. She re-scheduled my first appointment (menstruation) twice. She gave a very thorough exam and even recommended that I drink less coffee due to breast calcification. She referred me to a specialist for what turned out to be an ovarian cyst. She personally and promptly called me within 20 minutes of my faxing blood-test results, unannounced and on a weekend! She is a truly exceptional doctor. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
77	1	Best Dr. ever! She is sweet and knows exactly was she is doing. So sad that she only does GYN now. Not looking forward to getting a new Dr. if I decide to have a 2nd baby. I usually have to wait but sooo worth it. I love that I always see her too and not some NP. I really can't say enough great things about her.  Love her! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
77	1	Great doctor,I have been going to her for many years, have sent my daughter there as well as friends. She's the best, very concience, thourgh, kind. Never hurts you. You might have to wait sometimes, as she is in demand as she is so good.  worth the wait, i would not go to anyone else.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
77	1	. Have to wait three hours!!The others in the office were fuming as well! 	3	1	4	4 	Insurance:CIGNA
78	1	. he is the Best Dr he is worth the wait and dont care how long i wait he gets it done 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	-1	Staff not friendly. Long waiting time. Very poor housekeeping. 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	One or Rochester's best primary care physicians. You will wait,however, so bring reading material. You wait because he spends time with his pts. addressing all their concerns and does'nt brush you off.  Knows medicine well 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
78	0	I found I was always waiting a long long time after I arrived for my appointment.  I mean maybe a hour or longer.  	3	1	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	1	he cares a lot for his patients!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
79	-1	His treatment was weak. He was frequently disrespectful. 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
80	0	Unable to get correct prescription for  after several tries. Staff said they did not accept my insurance (and charged me)and then proceeded to bill the insurance 6 mo. later because they did in fact have a contract. 	1	2	3	2 	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	I have been going to Dr. Galst for about 5 years now. Great personable old-school doctor who gives a thorough eye exam.  Waiting time has been kept to a minimal, which was a big improvement from the previous eye doctors I used to go to.  Dr. Galst does not rush you and gives you all the time needed if you have questions.   The office is a bit old looking, but I can easily look pass that for a good doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
80	-1	I told Dr. Galst I am terrified of going blind because I am an art historian, and art is my life. He said, &quot;There's audio art.&quot; An art person would not be satisfied with listening to the radio. He turned out all the lights in his exam room so it was pitch black. I've seen quite a few ophthalmologists, and none ever did that. In the pitch black Dr. Galst stood very close to me, breathing heavily like a telephone ****. I should say, I am female. I was profoundly uncomfortable and never went back.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Oxford
80	1	Love this doctor. He's a very experienced (over 20 years) doctor who is very easy to talk to, gentle, calming, and provides a concise exam.  The staff is also very nice.  The surprising thing is I made an appointment and expected a long wait nevertheless(as I have experienced w/ many other doctors), but there is hardly a wait for him.  They don't overschedule patients.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
80	1	cooperative and pleasant&gt;professional very competent. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
81	0	The two young ladies in the reception area had abrupt, incoherent nasty attitudes the 2 times I went to this office. The second time I went to Dr Gage he had to review the results of a number of thyroid tests taken previously. During a 9 minute period of our conversation he answered his cell phone 4 times to discuss the new kitchen cabinets with his wife,. Certainly he had no respect for me and behaved very unprofessionally.. I found another endocrinologist.  	2	3	1	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
81	-1	I  was seeing  Doctor Gage for about two years and have grown increasingly dissatisfied. The only reason I continued with him was to avoid the inconvenience of switching doctors- which I now have. The accuracy of the diagnosis is questionable and minimal information is relayed.  Although it is relatively easy to make appointments but they triple book and make you wait for 1-3 hours. You are required to make frequent visits to receive your medication, even when your test results indicate stable levels and have continued to do so for months and years. It is very difficult to get through if you should need to speak with a person. The staff is very unhelpful, uncooperative and discourteous. 	1	1	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
81	0	I'm not sure if this guy is a doctor or a vitamin salesman since he's always trying to sell vitamins, regardless of the purpose of your appt.  He also has a poor memory, can't remember my condition and acts as if he's meeting me for the first time, every time.  	1	1	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
81	-1	I've been going to him for a little over a yr, and I would take any recommendations for a new Dr. All he's ever trying to do is push his weightloss/metabolism program on me. Come on...I'm a 30+ yr old 130 lb type 1 diabetic...SMH. Never checks my blood levels when I come in for check ups (except for the 3mos test), just asks me questions (which I could answer anyway I wanted). Not a very caring or personable Dr. And if your not one of the first patients he see's, you will be waiting forever...SMH. The only thing Dr Gage is good at is refilling my prescriptions. 	3	1	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
81	-1	What kind of endocrinologist doesn't know the difference between type 1 and type 2 diabetes&#63;!&#63;  Gage!   When a 25 year old man who is 6 feet and 150 pounds comes to you, you don't tell him to eat fewer carbs.  You start him on insulin.  Immediately.  Duh! 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	VERY PLEASANT AND VERY KNOWLEDGABLE. HELPED ME WITH A PARATHYROID ISSUE. 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	Wow a real Doctor knowledgeble, courteous an right on target.Cured my thyroid condition also lost 30 LBS! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	I would highly recommend Dr. Gage.  Though I have only been a patient for approximately one year I have seen him several times.  He is the author a book entitled the &quot;Thinderella&quot;, which is well worth reading for anyone with a weight issue.  He is a very kind and caring doctor.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
81	1	Dr. Gage is a good doctor if you have NO schedule. He is behind in scheduling from his first appointment on. He has a lrge staff that us rude and very useless. I recommend him for an individual who has nothing but time to burn because you will develop a condition if you didn't have one in the first place by sitting in his office getting stressed out from the long wait.  		1	4	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
81	-1	Runs expensive tests without discussing first--some unnecessarily and repetitive. Doesn't listen. Staff is not pleasant.  		3	1	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
81	-1	Did not fully explain the nature of my condition. Gave me general advice about improving diet and excercise, rather than starting me on necessary medication. 		3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	I went to six &quot;specialists&quot; before finding Dr. Gage - the first doctor who listened to me and agreed that something was wrong based on my bloodwork and wanted to work with me to figure out what it was. You wouldn't think this would be so hard to find in a doctor, but it is. Highly recommend.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
81	1	this doctor listens to his patients, is patient with us, and keeps up enough on research to know what to offer.  		3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
81	1	I have found Dr. Gage to be a very knowledgeable and caring physician. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	Very friendly and knowledgeable in his field. I would highly recommend him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	he is one of many in a group.  I find that he is the most knowledgeable.  Diagnosis have been right on (can't say that about the rest).  I only have problem with having to pay for follow up visits.  I think that's ridiculous.   If the dr is confident to diagnose properly, then checking if things have cleared shouldnt be a problem! 	 8/24/09	5	4	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
82	-1	I was very disappointed with Dr. Galinkin. After he told us there was nothing wrong, I diagnosed my daughter myself through the internet. As a mother, I knew she had a blister on her finger and not just an irritation.  He just assumed ****ackie without further research; he reminds me of my pediatrician and I'm almost 40! 	4	2	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
82	1	I am among 3 siblings that went to him my whole life. I think he's very respectful, always answered my questions, and had great mannerisms. I felt very comfortable with him so that I could always ask him anything - which is so important for a child. Anything ever prescribed always worked for us - no problems. He's intelligent. He has the experience. I'm going to miss that office. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
82	-1	This doctor dismissed us as patients since I would not give my child a chicken pox shot. He said in FRONT OF MY CHILD &quot;Children DIE from the Chicken Pox&quot; My child had an unusual set of symptoms for which he had us come back 6 times in 2 weeks, including visiting the emergency room TWICE during the night. I found out later that another one of Galinkin's patients had the VERY SAME THING only 2 months earlier. I would pick someone out of the phone book before I would go to this guy. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	Agree with all comments here. My kids are now 25 and 29, too old to go to him now unfortunately. Will never find another doctor like him. He is the best. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	Love him! He has taken such good care of my daughters now 25 and 20. He listens and is kind to children and their parents. We will miss him since my girls are too old to continue going to him. 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	I think Dr.  Galikin is one of the best doctors i have ever gone too, ive been seeing him since i was born and now i am 20 and have to leave soon, i really dont want to see any other doctor, he seems to be the only one who has ever given me an answer about what i have and not some bs answer 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
83	-1	Errors in relaying whether anesthesia was required.  Did not recognize a flat polyp when encountered even though the internet is filled with similar photos, and left it there to become pre-cancerous. Used inappropriate technique to remove flat polyp.  Does not believe that she needs to understand any portion of the anesthesia procedure to be able to discuss it with the patient, including what happens during procedure.  Avoid this doctor and facility. 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	Best eye doctor ever. Very helpful staff and a wonderful experience I will refer all of my friends and family here. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	One of the best docots around, helpful and happy staff. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
85	-1	would not recommend this Doctor to any friend or relative. Not ethical or competent when he treated a family member of ours. He was cold and unprofessional towards me and does not do the work. Very rude and has no empathy for people 	2	5	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	He's been my doctor for many years & with good reason. He's extremely patient, understanding & knowledgeable.  Answers all questions, even when they might seem trivial.  Very approachable & reassuring.  Would definitely recommend this doctor! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	He is extremely knowledgeable, understanding and patient.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
86	-1	He is not a professional. He does not have any idea on what he is doing. His ego do not allow him to be rational and smart about his patient's health.  	2	3	1	2 	Insurance:GHI
87	0	 	4	4	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	In the fall of 2007 when I was 7 months pregnant I began interviewing pediatricians &amp; Gabriel Peds was one of the 1st of 10 that I visited. Gabriel Peds was BY FAR the most professional &amp; the most caring. Not only are brothers Demetrios &amp; Michael Gabriel incredible doctors, they have other doctors on staff that are amazing, too (namely Dr. Mentesana, Dr. Marina, Dr. Darcy &amp; Dr. Raptis.) No doctor on staff has ever been condescending to me, or made me feel like I was wasting their time. I've always felt I could ask any question I needed to &amp; can call them ANY TIME day, night, holidays, 24-7, 365. I can't imagine any other team of doctors taking care of my precious 3 1/2 year old! I highly recommend these doctors. While the staff isn't the warmest, nor the nicest (w/ the exception of office manager Alice), the doctors more than make up for it.  The staff tries to warm up after they've become familiar w/ you, so don't let it get to you. 	 4/28/11	3	3	5	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	The most wonderful pediatrician in the world!!!!  He is a true blessing to our family!!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	Dr. Gabriel was recommended by a friend and 5 years later  I'm still recommending him. My son has many allergies and he never leaves any stone unturned. I travel over an hour and wait sometimes for a long time but it's worth it. He treats both of my children and the staff is great.  	 2/23/10	5	3	5	Insurance:GHI
88	1	My husband was a patient of Dr. Gabriel's father, Michael.   When my first child was born 22 years ago, we were reintroduced to the Gabriel practice and have been rewarded with excellence with each visit.  We love Demetrios, Michael, and when we go back to Brooklyn, we sometimes see the elder Dr. Gabriel.   They practice medicine in a way unknown to many other practices-they are intelligent, kind, caring, responsive and I have never experienced that feeling of being rushed from the room (as evidenced by the long wait in the waiting examining room).   Everyone who knows this group of professionals knows that the wait is worth it-as you will have all questions answered with compassion and caring.   When my oldest daughter had to find a physician after aging-out at 19 years of age, she realized how wonderful these men and women at Gabriel Pediatrics are-and wished herself a year younger. 	 12/10/09	5	3	5	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	Dr. Demetrios is the best doctor. He is knowledgeble, kind, caring, patient. He is a wonderful man. Also is brother Michael is very good too. They care for my two children 21 and 4 months old. They are the best! They are always available to talk..don't have enough words to describe them. I do reccommend them to everyone I know. 	 6/18/09	5	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	Dr. Gabriel is an awesome doctor that cares about his patients.  their call back timing is impeccable.  their staff is courteous. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	I'm extremely satisfied with this whole pediatric office. I travel to see Dr. Demetrios Gabriel, but if hes not there, any of the other MDs in the office are wonderful.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
88	1	I love Dr. Gabriel, he takes his time to explain and he is very gentle with the children. You can tell he really loves his job and goes far and beyond, he was recommended by a friend and now I have done the same to many of my co workers and friends.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:GHI
88	1	I have been using these Dr.'s for my three children since the birth of my first son 8 yrs ago. The office is about 40 minutes from my home. Parking is horrible and for that I tried to use a Dr. closer to my home. I could not find a Dr. who I felt comfortable with the way I feel with Gabrielle Pediatrics. They are very caring and dedicated doctors. They treat each pt. as an individual and not as an insurance payment. Each and every doctor in that office is wonderful. Dr. Raptis is the funniest. I have and alway will highly recommend these doctors for anyone's child. 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	I absolutely HIGHLY reccommend Dr Gabriel. He has been my children's doctor since the birth of my 2nd son 9 yrs ago. I met him when he came to look at my newborn(IN THE HOSPITAL)-since I was in the middle of switching pediatricians. I felt immediately comfortable with him, he has a sweet, gentle nature...and he has always taken care of my children.. he is very thorough! Most importantly, my kids love him, and his gentle ways!!! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:GHI
88	1	I loved Dr. Demetrios and Michael Gabriel! I did however leave his practice. The wait is terrible, sometimes over 3 hours, but that's only a testament to the knowledge and skill of the Doctors themselves. I'm not as happy with my children's current doctor, but there isn't half the wait time and my children have no serious health problems (thank God). If you want a good doctor who genuinely cares for the well being of your children, then Gabrielle Pediatrics is the way to go.  Just bring a good book to help pass the time in the waiting room! 	 11/20/06		2	5	Insurance:GHI
88	1	My daughter has been using Gabriel Pediatrics from birth. Her PCP is Demetrios but at one point and time she has seen all of them and they all were and are very professional and caring. You always get a return call with concern and care and even and offer to bring in your child into the office so that you can make sure that all is well, (now that's care). I read some of the other comments and I honestly don't believe them because my daughter is 5yrs old and not one time in her 5 yrs of life and all of her wellness visits and tons of sick visit did I witness any of these behaviors. People should keep it honest. Gabriel Pediatrics by far is the best I even sent my teenage son there until he turned 20. I love them and to tell you how great they are I travel so that my daughter can receive the best quality care that she can receive.  Hip, Hip Hurray to Gabriel Pediatrics! 		3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
88	1	I have had Gabriel Pediatrics see my son since he was just a couple of months old, he is now nearly three. The whole practice is run with the utmost professionalism. The assistants are friendly and efficient and the doctors are extremely thorough. Best in Brooklyn by far.  		2	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
88	1	Dr. Gabriel was my pediatrician from the day I was born and is my child's doctor now, 30 years later. As far as my husband & I am concerned, we trust him with our child 100%. Yes you have to wait sometimes too long, but it's worth the wait. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	Dr. Demetrios Gabriel is undeniably an expert in his field of caring for children! His pride and dedication towards his profession, combined with his utmost sincerity towards children are indeed a blessing! He has cared for my son since his birth 6 years ago, and although our family's recent move to the state of New Jersey, I have never thought twice about keeping him as my son's pediatrician.  To meet him and to witness first hand his absolute love for children, is to understand!!! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
88	1	The doctors here are wonderful. My children are happy when they are greeted with warm hugs, and I have no doubt in my mind that Gabriel Pediatrics is beyond competent. We wouldn't go anywhere else.  		2	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
88	1	Dr. Gabriel and Gabriel pediatrics are wonderful. As a parent of two small children who has been with the practice for 5 years I can attest to this. They ARE wonderful and caring and knowledgeable and understanding. Dr Gabriel has experience and the best thing they ever did was break from Dr.  Devito! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:GHI
88	0	One reason I chose to bring my kids to see this Doc were the many glowing reviews found on this site. Unfortunately, they were obviously all written by the doctors staff, or perhaps by the good doctor himself,(they all sound alike and use similar phraseology). There must be some mechanism to prevent this type of self endorsment. Really...nothing special, to be sure. I'm still looking for a good pediatrician.  		2	3	2 	Insurance:Oxford
88	1	always helpful and never rush us. always answer all of our questiosn whether in the office or if we see him at the local cafe on the weekend.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
88	1	Gabriel Pediatrics are terrific. The staff is wonderfule (despite with some others say)I was recommended to them from a friend and have never been disappointed with them.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:GHI
88	1	is very great with my son is always there when i have anu questions regarding my son 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	DR demitri gabriel is an excellent docter.I am very grateful to him for everything he has done for my family. not to mention that his father was my pediatrition.amazing people.  thats al i have to say 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
88	1	Dr Gabriel is an amazing doctor and person. He is the most devoted pediatrician I have ever seen for my children and I am so grateful to have him as my children's doctor. My family loves Dr.  Gabriel, as well as everyone else in the practice! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
88	1	Dr. Gabriel is a intelligent physican. His bedside manner is wonderful. We have been using this practice for seven years. He takes wonderful care of our two sons. Our first, was born physically and mentally challenged Dr. Gabriel is there for him every step of the way. Guided us to the right specialists, always called to check on him during hospitalizations out of state. His expertise is phenomial.  We highly recommend Gabriel Pediatrics 		5	5	5 	Insurance:GHI
88	1	Family run practice for at least the past 30 years, consists of a father and his two sons. Dr. Demetrios Gabrielle is very humble and gracious, excellent bed side manner.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:GHI
88	-1	I really don't care for him. He is not kind to the patients and the staff as well.  		1	1	1 	Insurance:Oxford
88	1	Love him, love him. I have three children and have gone to him since they are born. Very helpful, very passionate. Always addresses my children in a friendly manner. Always helpful. Nice office. Highly recommend him.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
88	1	He is absolutely the most dedicated physician I know. He treats all of his patients like family. He is always available for advice--even for the slightest of 'fears.' His staff makes the office feel like home for both the patients and the parents. They are dedicated individuals who are affectionate and caring towards everyone. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	Dr. Gabriel is an excellent physician and he really cares for his patients. He is not only dedicated 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	Besides being very knowledgable and on top of the latest medical treatments, Dr. Gabriel is one of the most caring physicians I have ever met. He has met me in his office on Sundays and holidays when my children were sick so I was not sitting in an emergency room for 12 hours. You really feel that Dr. Gabriel has devoted himself to the health and well being of the children who see him. I recommend him highly to everyone. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	Dr. Gabriel is professional, efficient and overall an excellent surgeon. 	 7/5/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	dr gabriel is professional,and knowledgeable. he truly cares about his patients.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
89	1	Dr. Gabriel is a kind, compassionate, and knowledgeable surgeon any time of the day you need him he’s only a call away. The wait at his office has gotten so much better than a few years back. His staff seems to turn over to often though. . But his office staff is always kind, polite a knowledgeable as well. I can’t say enough good things about him. I tell everyone I know that needs a surgeon to go see him they will be very pleased with him. When I first started seeing him it was due to my insurance company only allowing me to see a &quot;doctor of excellences&quot; (which he is) I had in mind another doctor I wanted to see and was a little upset I couldn’t. Well it turned out to be the biggest blessing of my life. Thank you Dr.  Gabriel 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
89	1	Dr. Gabriel was very nice and very knowledgable. He helped me through the whole process. He is very caring.  	 1/6/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
89	-1	terrible dr.  wastes yuur timedoes not care about patients callously abandons 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
89	1	Doctor Gabriel is the kindest, most considerate surgeon I have ever met.  His bedside manner is impeccable. He is extremely informative about the surgeries and answers any questions that I have each time I am in the office.  The staff is fantastic and always helpful.  They always get me in to see him on my time and schedule, not his.  I would recommend him to anyone and everyone that I know without hesitation.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
89	-1	dr. is unaware or dishonest about amout of pain after laprascopic lap band surgery. says there is no pain. this is false there is pain and you can't take pain meds. first two days after surgery because you are not eating or drinking. Dr is totally insensitive to patients pain.  Callous indifferent to patients needs does not communicate well totally indifferent and preoccupied 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Humana
89	0	dr. claims there is no recovery time due to laproscopic surgery and small incisions. this is false ask anyone who has a lap band, problems are ongoing. this dr performs surgery on people with BMI's lower than nationally recognized standard(35 with co-morbidities and 40 without. Dr. performed on pt. with BMI of 28 in US.This dr. is unethical does not provide adequate care and follow up.  	2	1	1	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
89	-1	.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Oxford
89	-1	This dr. performed surgery and did not follow up on patient.  Uses the excuse of having a busy practice to avoid doing the right thing 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Tricare
89	1	I had my surgery about 8 weeks ago, and doing Great! Dr Gabriel was great. He took the time to answer my question, and I never felt rushed. He made me feel at ease right away..  The staff was and is great! I would refer this Dr to any of my family and friends 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:HIP
89	-1	this doctor refuses to provide me with my medical records and violated my confidentuality. He advertises heavily and as my friends warned me do not go to a doctor who advertises like that they are only in it for the money. He had no problem scheduling surgey for me eventhough i barely meet the criterion for weight loss surgery. When a family member questioned the ethicacy of performing this surgery and asked for a complete financal disclosure. He refused and terminated me as a patient 2 days before i was scheduled for surgery via a letter with no reason. He had no problem doing the surgery until he realized he was going to be held accountable by my family. Overall, highly unethical individual who is taking advantage of fat people. Very creepy person he sees you alone in the office with no nurse present . He failed to adequately prepare me for surgery did not tell me you cannot drink alcohol 6 weeks proir to . Stay away there are much more reputable drs in the area.  	2	2	1	3 	Insurance:Oxford
90	1	Nice guy and seemed to do good work.  I ended up switching dentists though for two reasons: 1 - I felt like I was being pressured a little too much to do additional work that I did not consider necessary and 2 - the doctor and staff were a little, I guess fawning is the word.  I prefer my docs a little gruffer, but that's just me. 	3	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	Helped when no one else could.  Knows more about blood then anyone else in the country. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
92	0	I have been waiting 4 weeks for a &quot;call back' from the good Doctor after she recommended I have tests done for an ankle injury. Recommend Dr. Gallina&#63; NOT! 	3	2	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
92	-1	I waited in excess of 90 minutes to be seen. The staff are very nice, however Dr. Gallina was unsure how to treat my fractured Talus bone and ordered x-rays, cat scan and an MRI. I have still been waiting for the results after she herself stated she would call me in the next day or two. I have been waiting over a week and I have left messages to no avail!!! If you want a competent and skilled MD, DO NOT use this Dr.  Gallina, she is not the one for you!!!! 	5	1	1	2 	Insurance:Aetna
92	1	I was very disappointed when she told me that from her perspective, I was healed, 6 months after my surgery, because the bone was properly set and the scarring was minor. However, I was still limping and the pin that she inserted was causing discomofort. Two years later, another surgeon removed the pin and bone spurs that grew up around it. I am still in physical therapy. 	2	2	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	Extremely thoughtful and caring doctor.  Knowledgeable and effective.  Every thing you could want in a doctor.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
92	1	Dr Jessica Gallina is the BEST in the field and she saved my ankle, well actually my leg! I am so grateful to her, she is my ANGEL! She wouldn't give up and tried everything in her power to give me the use of my leg! I am truly grateful to her for saving my leg! She is soft spoken and very patient.  I was always able to reach her anytime, not many doctors are NOT available to you 24/7 but she was! I recommend her highly! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:GHI
93	1	Amazing doctor, she really cares about children. She did my son's cleft lip repair and did a wonderful job. I cannot recommend her enough. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
93	1	excellent doc goes above and beyond what you think you need to know did great work always adds a little something extra 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
93	1	I went for a breast aug. two years ago with her and she is very professional and very helpful as well as her staff. Since then i still get compliments on her work. She still makes she her staff calls me to come in a get check ups on them (never heard of anyone i know getting that)! It is great! She also has done lip ejections on me twice and she has done a great job. Not only does she not do to much so that you don't look bad. She is very patient and her touch is very sensitive. I have never heard of better treatment than what she has done for me! I highly recommended her. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
93	1	Unbelievable doctor! Repaired my daughter's cleft palate and had her home (and playing)in a day. She is kind and truly cares about the kids she treats. For parents who are looking for a surgeon for a cleft palate repair, Dr. Gallagher is your absolute best choice. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
93	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
94	1	excellent, caring and comprehensive. Attentive to myself and my family.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
94	1	Patient, empathetic, thorough, gives you as much time as you need, clearly on top of his field.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
94	1	Treated me well oveer a number of years.  He helped me as expected, nothing extraordinary. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
94	1	The doctor is dedicated to his patients and very intelligent- I have recommended many friends and relatives to him. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
94	1	Dr. Gabelman is a fabulous doctor. Westchester Cardiology offers nutrition courses, and has a gym on premises for cardiac rehab. He is up to date on cardiac issues, and very thorough. He apologizes if he is late, and is a great cardiologist. I like him very much. The only negative thing is that their phone system is confusing, and I don't like when his staff calls with test results. I always follow up and speak with him directly if I have any questions. All you have to do is ask to speak with him, and he will call you back or they will connect you. He is connected with top hospitals such as Columbia Presbyterian. No rinky dink place like Soundshore Hospital, or local community hospitals. I rate him #1. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
95	1	I recently switched dentists because of location, and I'm very pleased with Dr gallos office. His staff is very professional, and everyone was  very punctual. I was so pleased, I took my three year old daughter. They are extremely good with children.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
96	1	excellent bedside manners....  this doctor belongs to a better hospital 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
97	1	I highly recommend him  to  any  caring   parents  ;  you  will  receive an   excellent  care  and  continuous  care. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
98	0	Unfriendly and pompous. Not incredibly helpful and just not very approachable. 	3	3	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
99	1	Dr. Hanjani was very helpful and kind during my visit.  The staff was also very professional.  My insurance was NYS Empire Plan. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
99	1	So Smart and beautiful 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
100	-1	Dr. Gamburg is in the wrong profession. His attitude is absolutely NOT professional. His criteria of success is completing 15-20 procedures a day. Avoid this so called doctor at all costs. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
100	1	 	2	2	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
