dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
4	1	 Dr. Yarbrough and his staff are extraordinary! I have been with his office for 30 years, live 45 minutes away and would travel anywhere in NM for his services.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Delta Dental
4	1	commentsRemarkable warmth and concern for the patient.  Best dentist I ever visited Paid/Co-pay:$900	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	commentsA kind and caring professional with exceptional expertise.  Highly recommend! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	 Dr. Young saw my daughter on the spur of the moment, when she became ill this week. We both were delighted with Dr. Young's attention, little pearls of wisdom for my teenager that did not feel preachy, and her over-all knowledge.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	commentsLove, Love, Love Dr. Young! She makes you feel very at ease, which is good for a first time parent. She takes the time to tell you what to expect developmentally and gives advise on discipline that is great. Dr. Young has a way of explaining your child's development and ailments that just makes since. She avoids the &quot;Doctor Talk&quot;. I just love her! Nurses are also very helpful and nice and love to make your baby smile. The waiting room is large so you don't have to sit close to the sickies if you are there for a well baby visit. If you call for an emergency a nurse will call you right back and are very helpful. 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	 Dr. Yaw is an excellent surgeon. He saved my son's leg and with a team of wonderful Oncologists also helped to save his life. I am shocked to see the media side of his personal life. Lets remember there are more than one side to every story. What goes on behind closed doors doesnt lessen his abilty or skills as a brilliant surgeon.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	-1	comments 	2	2	2	1	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	commentsDR. Young is an excellent doctore, he is one of the best doctors in the state of new mexico. 	4	2	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
43	0	 Dr. Yabek is very professional and experienced. He always takes the time to explain things thoroughly and answer any questions. He is also very thorough when he follows up with you. He sends a formal letter in the mail summarizing what was discussed in the appointment and providing additional information and suggestions. He also consults regularly with other cardiologists and with my surgeon about my consition.  	3	3	3	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	-1	comments 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	 I had a lump removed from my breast.  I felt comfortable with Dr. Yeats - she explained everything for pre-surgery.  The problem I have now is the follow up.  Dr. Yeats did not contact me.  I had to call her office several times - a bad reaction to the medication - and no phone call about the lab results.  I'm very disappointed and frustrated with this.  	3	4	2	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
57	1	 Dr. Yeats performed several surgeries on my mother over the course of a few years.  Each time, she took the time to explain everything in detail to the family before the surgery and answered any questions we had.  Our family was very confident in Dr. Yeats' ability and knowledge.  We appreciate all that she did for us.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
57	1	commentsI just recently had a masectomy Dr. Yeats did an excellent job. I was very nervous and scared but everything went so well. She was very helpful and understanding. We are lucky to have her in Farmington. Thank you Dr. Yeats... Shona Baxter Paid/Co-pay:$12000	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
57	-1	commentsI am a sister of a patient that Dr. Yeats did surgery on, and I feel that her incompetence was the result of my brother's death.  She spoke rudely to us, the family, while we were there visiting with our brother.  She seemed defensive when asked about our brother's condition, before and after any of the many surgeries she performed on my brother.  Her sarcastic manner was uncalled for.  When a loved one is in the hospital, it is normal to want to know his condition and well-being.  Dr. Yeats was sarcastic and dismissed us with little concern. 	2	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
57	-1	commentsDr. Melania Yeats Was very rude she did not want to answer any of the questions we had asked about our loved one. I think she was a Dr. with not enough Knowledge of what she was doing.  People out there, please do not let this Dr. do surgery on you or any of your loved ones. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
57	-1	commentsMy brother went in for a colonascopy and a polyp was found(no cancer involved)but this doctor recomended removal wirh extensive surgery.     After surgery my brother, Charlie, was in fantastic spirits for one day before infections set in and he bagan to die.     Dr. Yeats simply continued to open him up surgically two, three time a week, until she just left him open with a surgical tape to open him up as need be.  He was opened at least 20 times to drain, connect, remove, explore, and finally to let him die.      My name is Rev. John Leroy Esquibel, a brother of the dead man whom this Dr. Melanie Yeates has murdered by her incompetence.   PLEASE DO NOT LET THIS HAPPEN TO YOUR LOVED ONES. STAY AWAY FROM THIS NOVICE OF SIX (6) YEARS. SHE WILL KILL YOU   PLEASE EMAIL ME IF YOU HAVE HAD THE SAME EXPERIENCE WITH THIS DOCTOR WHO SACRIFICED MY BROTHER CHARLIE FOR HER GAIN. 	1	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
