dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	commentsBarbara Nahas has been treating all 3 generations of my family for the past ten years.  She is very knowledgeable and kind.  She goes beyond what is expected of a primary care physician, in a professional yet down-to-earth way.  My family and I feel truly blessed to be in her care.  It is clear that she is passionate about her profession and the wellbeing of her patients.  She will stick her neck out for you, around the corner and beyond.  As a patient, I feel like family.  Beautiful person, inside and out.  Thank you, Barbara Nahas. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	commentsI've known Dr. Nahas for years, she has always been very professional, punctual, and diligent in her assessment of her patients. I'm very lucky to have have her as my primary MD 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	 I feel truly blessed to have found her.  She gave me hope when I had none, and she followed me every step of the way.  This doctor is one smart cookie, with a kind heart, at that.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:MedicarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
1	1	 Dr. Nahas has the loving compassion and knowledge that a physicians often don't have nowadays.  She keeps up with the latest research and is always willing to go out on a limb.  She is incredibly thorough and about a year ago, she found an explanation to a situation that I had endured for quite some time... that no one else could see!  This very well saved my life.  Her dedication to her patients is something that my family and I have valued for years.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
1	-1	 Dr Nahas appears to be sympathetic, but is not. She is a phoney and has very limited knowledge of what is or could be wrong with you. Just ask her help on something and she will turn on you in a second! If you are really healthy and do not require an expert and just want someone to refer you to others or give you pills, go to her.  Don't ever ask her to stick her neck out, all those fake hugs are just that! 	5	3	2	2	Insurance:CIGNAPaid/Co-pay:N/A
1	1	 Dr. Nahas has the best bedside manner of any Dr that I have gone to. She once called me at 9:00 at night to return my phonecall and discussed my test results with me so I wouldn't have to wait antoher day. She is a great Dr and her staff is very nice as well.  	5	3	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
1	1	 Dr. Nahas is very knowledgable, will take her time with you and is very thorough.  Highly recommended. She has seen me on short notice, which I greatly appreciated.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
1	1	 I have been a patient of Dr. Nahas for over 20 years, would highly recommend her.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
1	1	 She is a sincere and caring doctor. She treats her patients with respect and empathizes with what they are dealing with. She explains things thoroughly and in simple language so that you can understand the situation. You never feel rushed, because she takes time with each patient. I recommend her often.  		4	5	5	Insurance:HealthPartnersPaid/Co-pay:$20
6	1	commentsVery prompt, thorough and spends quality time with the patients. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	 Doctor is nice and spends good amount of time diagnosing the problem. She is very helpful and returns calls whether it is midnight or weekend. Staff is friendly. Knowledge is satisfactory as far as we are concerned as we went for fever and cold for my kid. Appointments would be slightly off and is same for all the doctors. She is available in the evenings and is very convenient. Would recommend.  	5	3	4	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
12	1	 Really good eye doctor. He took his time and explained things to me. He was even more helpful than my family doctor regarding my symptoms. I would highly recommend.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
12	1	commentsGreat doctors and staff. Always very thorough and knowledgeable. Go above and beyond. Really good with kids, too. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	commentsA real gem! Dr. Naftali is the consummate professional: knowledgeable, intelligent, caring and involved. His equipment is top-notch and he spends as much time as is necessary to perform a thorough exam. No stone is left unturned. His staff is equally professional. You certainly get what you pay for. And considering an examination of the eyes is one of those things you only get once a year, why would anyone short-change themselves by having it done at a place like Pearle or, worse, Walmart&#63; Strongly recommended. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	commentsAs the old saying goes, you get what you pay for. After another negative experience seeing another eye dr. recommended by my junky insurance plan, working with the entire staff here was both a pleasure and a relief. I was reassured that the muscles in my eyes were in fact functioning at 100% and that I just needed new glasses for working on the computer, not months and months of therapy. As for choosing glasses, Helen made that experience the easiest ever! The whole process from start to finish took maybe 2 hours! Definitely recommended! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	commentsMoving here from the south, I was quite impressed by the warm and helpful demeanor of his whole staff. You feel at ease in his office and during the exam. The exam facilties were state of the art. But at the end of the day, you just don't find enough caring and knowledgable doctors who take the time to sit with you and discuss your questions and concerns. Real class act. Highly recommended. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	commentsHave been a patient for 10 years. A top notch group. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	commentsVery attentive and pleasant. Goes the extra mile for his patients and he really knows his stuff. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	 Doctor was very sensitive to our needs. We had to wait for only 5 minutes.  The office staff was also very helpful 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:OxfordPaid/Co-pay:$20
14	-1	 Once you be her customer she won't let you go to another doctor. I requested for immunization record for my child for school and to switch to other doctor. She is not giving record at all. She even said &quot;you send me 10$ as fax expenses, once I receieve it I'll fax the record&quot;. She is complete unprofessional with no staff. Don't let your child go in wrong hands.. !! 	1	3	1	3	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:$20
15	-1	 Doctor is never around, she is in her office for 4 hours on Thursdays. Very number she gives you she never picks up. i went on a medication that i had a issue with the side effects and i needed my doctor at that moment and she was not around. I had to find another doctor to go to.  	1	4	1	3	Insurance:CIGNAPaid/Co-pay:N/A
15	1	.  dr is very good 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
16	-1	 offered to help me get disability. once she received the forms, she wanted me to fill out her forms for her. never responded to social security, never sent in the forms. told me that she was &quot;doing this for free&quot; when i had paid out of pocket 65-80 3-4 times. refused to see me. has exams/tests in my medical history i never received. very bad experience.  	4	3	2	2	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-CalPaid/Co-pay:$65
16	-1	 Hard to communicate with nurses and doctor due to what seems to be lack of listening skils. Have had the wrong prescription called in several times, and made trips to see her with my children sick only to have her mis-diagnose and we end up in the Hospital just to get someone who knows what they are doing because she missed something as simple as an ear infection. Never timely with forms or referrals.  	1	1	1	2	Insurance:TricarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
16	0	commentsShe is money hungry. Our of spitefullness and being nasty, she wouldn't sign my release papers for surgery because she wasn't the one to send me for tests. She called me up and told me that I made her lose all the money because she should have sent me for the tests. She said because of that I had to see a heart doctor and let him clear me. I thought she was sincere and really cared for her patients, but I guess all she really cares about is the money. She calls me and other patients up asking for money, because she doesn't want to wait for the insurance to pay her. I'm sorry, but that is not a caring doctor. I found a PCP that really cares and has compassion for her patients and takes the time to listen no matter how many patients she has. When money overrides a patients care, then it is time to move on. 	3	3	3	3	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	 I was very satisfied with Dr. Nachbar. I learned everything I needed to know about my Cataract surgey on both my eyes.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:MedicarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
18	1	commentsThe staff was very friendly and courteous and very knowledgeable. The doctor was great and he made me feel comfortable. The eye surgery was painless and I was able to see right off the table. This was amazing. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	 Dr. Nachbar is the epitome of professionalism - cordial,warm, and compassionate. I had no questions As I had researched my cataract condition and approach implemented for correction.  Following his thorough examination of both eyes and extent of correction needed, Dr. Nachbar  reviewed each surgical step to be implemented.  He was waiting for me in the surgical area with that same friendly, warm congeniality and as each step of the surgery progressed – it followed along exactly as he had explained.  The surgery took less time than the pre-surgery preparation.  I was in absolutely  no discomfort at any time during the surgery.I eagerly look forward to my right eye surgery which is already scheduled.  My left eye, which was the more seriously cataract impaired, is now at 20/20 – my right eye surgery correction should qualify me for aircraft pilot training. I have recommended Dr. Nachbar and South Jersey Eye to a friend when I learned she was approaching need for cataract surgery.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:MedicarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
18	1	commentsI was really afraid to have cataract surgery because of complications that my mother had many years ago.  I learned that Dr. Nachbar trained at Wills Eye Hospital and used to teach cataract surgery to the resident doctors there. He's also a Top Doc from Philly Magazine.  When I met him he gave me a through exam and explained what I should expect from the operation.  I haven't had good vision in my right eye for a long time because I was afraid.  I trusted him and had the surgery.  He called me at home on the night before surgery - what doctor ever does that&#63;  I can't believe how much the vision is better.  I saw 20/30 on the morning after surgery and now I see 20/20.  I can't wait to have my left cataract done.  I recommend Dr. Nachbar and his surgery center to anyone and everyone. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	commentsDr. Nachbar did my LASIK surgery and now I see great without glasses.  His office has all the most modern equipment and his staff are both pleasant and well trained.  I'm probably his happiest patient! 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	commentsReally good visit with Dr. Nachbar.  I was referred by my family doctor for cataract evaluation.  My exam was thorough.  At the end, he gave me options for special implant lenses - I chose to do the one that fixes my astigmatism.  The surgery was easier than I expected.  It was done at his own Surgical Center - built into his Mooretown office!  Great staff.  Surgery was quick and painless.  My vision is great!  The opticians fit me for invisible &quot;varilux&quot; progressive bifocals, and I see fantastic at all distances.  My family doc told me that Dr. Nachbar operated on her mother, and the experience was so good that she sends all her patients to see him for surgery.  I'm giving his name to all my friends and family. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	 Dermatologist Dr. Nadiminti specializes in Mohs Surgery.  He has successfully used this method to remove both my husband's and my basal cell carcinoma skin cancers. We highly recommend him for his expertise and his excellent 'bedside manor'.  He gives us time to ask questions and always answers pleasantly, making sure we understand completely.  We would advise trying the Mohs procedure if it is applicable and definitely becoming a patient of Dr. Nadiminti.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:MedicarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
22	-1	.  VERY RUDE AND NO BEDSIDE MANNER WHAT SO EVER 	1	3	2	2	Insurance:AetnaPaid/Co-pay:N/A
37	1	.  BILL NADELBERG IS THE BEST CHIROPRACTOR WITH WHOM I HAVE HAD CONTACT WITH 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:MedicarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
37	1	 He is honest, knowledgeable, and just a really pleasant person. I can't say enough good about him.  Highly recommend! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:N/APaid/Co-pay:$40
37	1	 Dr. Nadelberg is very knowledgeable and has helped me immensely. He also has a friendly manner which put me at ease. I would recommend him to anyone with a back problem.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$10
37	1	 I have been to 4 other chiropractors for my back...others either cant adjust me (I am larger than most chiropractors and get real tight) or misdiagnose me or make me wait half an hour when I cant even sit due to back pain. Not Nadelburg. Dr. Nadelburg is the best. Despite no staff, he manages patients ver well.  I have never waited (been maybe 10 times over 3 years.  Gets the diagnosis right.  Is patient.  Has multiple treatments.  Gets you back on track effectively.   He is underpaid! 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:AnthemPaid/Co-pay:N/A
37	1	 Dr. Nadelberg truly cares about his patients, which is rare. I have been going to him for years.He takes his time with you, listens to what you have to say, and treats you with respect. A few weeks ago I had back pain that woke me up in the middle of the night. I called Dr. Nadelberg in the morning and he was able to &quot;squeeze&quot; me in even though his schedule was already full that day.  I highly recommend him! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
37	1	commentsHelped me in so many ways with neck, headache and earache pain that my general doctor couldn't.   Highly recommend. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	 Amazing Dr. with wonderful personality.  Really takes the time to explain things to you.  Not one of those INSURANCE HUNGRY guys.   So no worries there! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
37	1	 Dr. Nadelberg is great.   Accomdative and just a fantastic chiropracter.   My back and neck have never felt better.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNAPaid/Co-pay:N/A
37	1	 I just moved into the area this year from San Francisco, CA where I had been treating with a chiropractor on and off for 15 years.  As far as I was concerned he was the best there was...hands of gold.  That was, until I met Dr. Nadelberg!  I have never felt more &quot;at home&quot; in a doctor's office and can only say that all the reviews you read about him are &quot;spot on&quot;.  I have only seen him a few times but knew right away that he was a caring, stand-up guy who had true concerns for my health issues.  I've referred my hair dresser who also has a new found love of chiropractors. She had a bad experience with another doc in the same town and figured they were &quot;all alike&quot;.  With my coaxing, she came with me to one of my appointments and began to see right away what I was raving about. Now she too feels like a new person and doesn't have to leave open appointments in her schedule at her salon to recuperate like she used to do. We've got the #1 guy here.  Hand's of gold&#63; Make that PLATINUM!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
37	1	 Two weeks ago I was hanging curtains and, while reaching over my head,I felt a severe &quot;shot&quot; into my neck which was later followed by numbness and tingling in my arm.I couldn't move. My husband drove me to the ER at the hospital and I waited there for 2 hours crying.The ER doctor came in, tried to move me around, and when I screamed he said &quot;You're in the wrong place. We can't do anything for you here. You need to see MY doctor&quot;.  Turns out he saw Dr. Nadelberg when he had a slipped disc in his back. He made the call right from the ER for me! My husband drove me straight to Dr. Nadelberg who was kind enough to fit me into his schedule. He worked with me for almost one hour. It was the best hour of my life. I walked out with 90% less pain then I walked in with. Slept well that night. Went back the following day for another treatment and haven't had another problem since.  It's now 3 1/2 weeks later and I felt I needed to write a review to let everybody know about him.  Simply wonderful! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
37	1	 Excellent chiropractor who has a caring, honest genuine personality.  Knowing too many othrs that make you come back over and over again for repeat visits (mainly for the insurance payments)  Dr Nadelberg is NOT AT ALL like that.  He has the patients best interest in mind.  I went when I was pregnant and I take all 3 of kids to see him.  He is gentle and has had an enormous positive effect on my back and neck issues.  I have friends I have referred to him that come from Somerset County (45 minutes away) just to see him.   He is an excellent doctor that I cannot say enough positive things about! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:AetnaPaid/Co-pay:N/A
37	1	commentsWent to Dr. Nadelberg with some hesitation about chiropractors in general. I guess we've all heard the horror stories that abound. He made me feel at ease from the moment I walked in. Very easy going and extremely knowledgeable. Took a lot of time to discuss and examine my condition and then made recommendations with my input, too. Not one of the type to make you come back &quot;a million times&quot; for visits. I did feel better following the first treatment and saw him 3 more times before he suggested that I contact him if it acts up again. I feel great for the first time in 4 years!! He called me the night of the first visit to see how I was doing! He has me doing home exercises now which keep me feeling well. I will not hesitate to call him the moment my pain acts up (if it ever does!). I love Dr. Nadelberg!! Why can't all doctors be like this&#63;&#63;&#63;&#63; 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	commentsUnsurpassed in personal service and professional quality.  You feel like one of the family when you're treated by Dr. Naddelman.  I highly recommend. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	 Knowedgable and Professional. Willing to work with you with respect to insurance, etc.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:AetnaPaid/Co-pay:N/A
47	-1	 I wouldn't recommend Dr. Nagpal to my worst enemy. Her solution to every problem I was having was &quot;eat 3 meals a day, drink lots of water and exercise.&quot; Trust me, that didn't cure my anxiety. I'm currently looking for a new doctor because I refuse to go back to her. Unknowledgable and no help at all.  	4	3	1	1	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
47	-1	commentsbad doctor and is really bad at caring for kids do no go it will be a wast of money and tim 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
47	1	commentsDr. Nagpal is a Howell treasure. My wife and kids adore her as do I. She is thorough and meticulous and speak to us parents in a language we can understand. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
47	1	 My kids love her, I love her, Staff always friendy and so is Dr. Nagpal. Never had any real issues health-wise, just annual check ups, but she is very thorough every time we go.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
47	1	commentsI KNOW DR. SANGITA SINCE SHE WAS A KID...IN FACT SHE IS MY COUSIN AND I ALWAYS FOUND HER SO MUCH DEDICATED TOWARDS HER GOAL TO BECOME A CHILD SPECIALIST..WELL DONE SANGITA, WE ARE PROUD OF YOU. MAY GOD ALWAYS BLESS YOU AND YOUR FAMILY..ITS VINOD BEHL HERE. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
47	1	 Excellent physician and truly cares about my kids.  I recommend her to everyone who asks me for a good pediatrician.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
47	1	commentsI love Sangita Nagpal! I have been her patient all my life and I am 20 now and working in the medical field. We got along so well I even went on to paint murals in her exam rooms for the kids! Its a great office and shes a wonderful Doctor! Very knowledgeable and kind, years of experience! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
47	1	 Excellent coctor. Always accomodating.  Can fit you in at last minute 		5	5	5	Insurance:AetnaPaid/Co-pay:$1500
47	1	 extremely thorough,child friendly,compassionate. excellent diagnostic skills,loved the staff 		5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
48	1	commentsThis doctor is amazing. She was prompt and effectively diagnosed me. This was something all the other doctors that I had seen were unable to do. She is not at all after the money. She is really nice and down to earth as well. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
48	-1	 She literally makes money on patients by scaring them. By default she suggests endoscopy, colonoscopy and other expensive treatments.In my case she ordered all tests because she was unable to diaganose the problem.  	3	2	2	1	Insurance:AetnaPaid/Co-pay:N/A
48	-1	 I went to Dr. Nahar because I felt that I might have IBS and after suffering for years I finally decided to do something aboutit. After our initial consultation, she recommended an endoscopy and colonoscopy. The results said I had reflux disease which is strange because I never had heartburn before. During our follow-up, I brought a list of foods that bothered me and asked if I might have IBS. She was very dismissive and chalked up my symptoms to work stress.  	4	4	2	2	Insurance:AetnaPaid/Co-pay:$15
48	-1	commentsShe didn't even examine me and set me up for an endoscopy while I am not sure if it was needed. After endoscopy I got many problems that I didn't have before. She also prescribed me a medication that left me with many horrible side-effects and I kept calling her to ask if I have to take this medicine and she said yes! The medication was so strong that made my life miserable even a couple of months after taking that. She didn't even spend time with me to explain my problem. The office staff was so unhelpful. She didn't accept my secondary insurance. Now I have received a bill from Dr. Nahar while I already paid my copayments. They also charge you for any copy of documents you want. I definitely don't recommend her. 	1	2	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	 Very knowledgeable doctor.  She diagnosed something that another doctor missed.  I would recommend her to anyone.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
48	-1	 I am surprised to read a positive review about this doctor. I went for a checkup and the first thing she said that I needed Endoscopy. My promary was shocked at this. Next, after endoscopy, she gave an outdated medicine which started giving allergic reactions and I stopped taking that. When I called her about this allergy, she had no clue what was going on. This doctor is not at all updated with the developments in medicine, totally incompetent. Please visit her at your own risk.  		2	1	1	Insurance:OxfordPaid/Co-pay:N/A
48	1	 Excellent Doctor. Highly recomended.  Does not recommend procedures without a genuine reason 		5	5	5	Insurance:AetnaPaid/Co-pay:N/A
49	-1	.   	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Workers CompPaid/Co-pay:N/A
49	1	 Very knowledgeable, professional, and very personable manner.  He was very accurate with my diagnosis and I would definitely recommend him to other patients.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:MedicarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
49	1	 Dr. Nachwalter diagnosed my condition, his office scheduled the surgery, and now 2 weeks later I am numbness and pain free!  Thank you Dr. Nachwalter, I would recommend him highly to anyone with neck and spine problems.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNAPaid/Co-pay:N/A
49	-1	 He seem to be uninterested in my case , probably because I'm from workers comp. I don't want to be collecting 70% of my salary , I want to be good and come back to work ,he give me weeks to stay home like giving up candy .  The visit last 48 seconds 	3	5	1	2	Insurance:Workers CompPaid/Co-pay:N/A
49	-1	 Doctor and staff very cold and unfriendly.Dr never showed a smile or had a cheerful greeting, was very rude. I will never go back to that quack.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Workers CompPaid/Co-pay:N/A
49	1	 Dr.Nachwalter performed back surgery on me.From the first visit to the surgery to all my follow up visits the staff has always been very friendly,helpfull and always on time.It is the same for Dr. Nachwalter. His knowledge,expertise,and personal commitment to helping me with my injury made it easy for me to trust in him to do my surgery.I would send anyone i knew that had back problems to Dr. Nachwalter.He is a professional in every sense of the word.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Workers CompPaid/Co-pay:N/A
49	-1	 Worst experience I have ever had in a Dr's office. Very abrupt and uncaring. Really needs to improve his people skills.  	1	2	1	1	Insurance:MedicarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
49	1	 I strongly recommend Dr Nachwalter.  Overall, my experience was above and beyond positive.  My condition was herniated cervical disks that ultimately required surgery.  From the very beginning, Dr Nachwalter was interested in correcting my condition and getting me back to a pain free life.  Professional, personable, and genuinely interested in effectively addressing my condition is an easy and accurate description of my experience.  I am a 42 year old, physically active male who is interested in remaining that way.  In choosing Dr Nachwalter, I now realize that I will be able to continue living a physically active lifestyle pain free.  He is clearly at the top of his game, and a credit to his profession.  Do yourself a favor, schedule an appointment.   sincerely, tom k 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNAPaid/Co-pay:N/A
49	1	 Dr. Nachwalters' staff was extremely helpful and attentive to my concerns and needs. They were always punctual and aware of my condition. I had a massive herniated disc/fractured and pinched nerve. After the surgery I felt better than I had in over a month. His helpfulness and knowledge was beyond my expectations. He was approachable and nice at all times. The treatment worked wonders for me. I will recommend anyone to his office.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:CIGNAPaid/Co-pay:N/A
49	1	 He is truly amazing!  I've had a back problem for years and have tried other treatments and nothing worked.  I went to Dr. Nachwalter and went back to work (construction) within 5 weeks.  He is absolutely brilliant and I recommend him to anyone with back pain.  He sits with you and explains everything regarding your condition and what your options are. I wish there were more doctors out there like Dr. Nachwalter.   BRAVO!!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNAPaid/Co-pay:N/A
49	-1	 He spent 5 minutes with me, and I was in the exam room for 2 hours. He was abrupt and uninterested.  Judging by other reviews, he seems to not have a good rapport with patients with worker's comp.  I would not recommend this doctor.  	3	1	1	2	Insurance:Workers CompPaid/Co-pay:N/A
49	1	commentsI had back and leg pain for more than one year.  I was in constant pain.  I tried many different treatments and none produced positive results.  Dr. Nachwalter perfomed back surgery in late Jan.   The leg pain was gone.  I only had the discomfort from the surgery(stiches).   10 weeks later I flew to New Zealand and Australia on vacation without any pain.  I can walk for one hour with no pain.  I don't even take a Tylenol.  The care and treatment I received from Dr. Nachwalter, his staff and the hospital staff was wonderful.  I cannot say one negative thing.  Yes, there was discomfort from the surgery but I returned to work after one month. I feel much better since the surgery. 	4	4	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
49	-1	 Dr. nachtwalter rushed through exams and offered very little useful advice for treatment, when/if he offered any at all. He seemed very disinterested in helping. Rude would be a huge understatement.  	2	2	1	1	Insurance:Workers CompPaid/Co-pay:N/A
49	1	 Performed successful, life-changing discectomy on me in 2005.  He even drove to another hospital, speaking to me personally in my hospital bed, to go over the procedure since it was somewhat of an emergency.  Yes, he gets to the point during office visits but only orders tests that he really thinks are needed and relevant.  I continue to see him and would not go to anyone else even though he does not take my current insurance plan.  	4	4	4	5	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
49	1	 This doctor was very down to earth and helpful. My husband's surgery went smoothly and he recovered in an amazingly short period of time.  This has more to do with the surgeon's skill than anything else! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:MedicarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
49	0	 Not a very helpful or friendly man. His office staff is abrupt and as rude as he is. He is very dismissive of your pains. He doesn't perform full exams. He told me I will be okay in a few weeks and when I went back two weeks later he wanted to do surgery. I would seek another Dr. I would not recommend him to anyone. There are much more knowledgeable and friendlier Drs. available in this world. Good luck and run.  	1	1	2	3	Insurance:Workers CompPaid/Co-pay:N/A
49	-1	commentsVery rude from the office staff down to the &quot;Doctor&quot;. Very dismissive and told me I was fine and to take motrin. Very sarcastic an he told me how I felt and did not give me a fair shake from the very beginning. Sterotypical and made me feel uncomfortable. Tons of doctors out there...DO NOT SEE DR NAChWALTER. From a 1-5 I overall rate my  visits a NEGATIVE 5. Its a shame he has his degree in this field cause I think he needs to go get his degree in &quot;People skills&quot;. And he can take his office staff with him.  Morristown really isn't all that convinient unless you like traffic so do yourself a favor and go see a REAL doctor 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	 Young, knowledgeable, caring.  He was recommended by my family physician for 2 spine surgical procedures done two years apart He is outstanding...no pain at all.  He listens and answers your questions and calms your fears. He does not &quot;push&quot; surgery but will try alternative means if he thinks it will help.  If you want someone to sit and hold your hand...this is not your man...BUT if you are looking for a great surgeon....you have found him.  ISN'T THIS WHAT MATTERS MOST &#63;  I have never waited more than 10 mins in his office....He also follows up personally during the hospital stay.  Not many do that anymore.  I TRUST HIM COMPLETELY.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:MedicarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
49	1	 Outstanding spine specialist. Had a herniated disc in my neck and had surgery. I never once needed pain medication after surgery. Would never go to anyone else.  	4	3	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
49	-1	commentsUnfriendly office staff-not helpful.  Waited 90 minutes.  Dr. rude and arrogant...made negative comments about other doctors in front of patient.  Barely read chart or acknowledged symptoms-jumped to conclusions-&quot;Treatment&quot; did not make sense 	2	1	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	commentsThe treatment I received by Dr. Nachwalter was very well. The surgery he performed on my back was an incredible success and I feel better than ever. I thank him very much for all he has done for me. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
50	-1	 Not only refused to treat my Lyme disease properly, but because of his approach (to help the insurance company, not the patient!!!)-he caused me suffer for years! He broke his MD pledge &quot;PRIMUM NOT NOCERE&quot;.  His licence should have been taken away long time ago! 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
50	-1	 Well 1st off..I was Very ill 21 yr old female..and he treated me like a psych pt...LYme pateients beware!!!!This dr will not even consider the possiblilty of chronic lyme OR even the long term ramifications it can cause.maybe if your a typical cut and clear case of hiv or hepatitis..he'd be great..I wouldn't see him ever ever again..to the point I won't even go to a hosp he's affilated with in any way..he's cold..and spends 10 mins with you and big suprise out the door never to be seen again...not to mention he tried to take away my drs liscence the one dr who has given me a second chance and made me well again...maybe if one of his family members went thru late stage lyme id bet you he'd have them seeing my dr and would have a picc inserted asap.... HORRIBLE!!!!!! 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:AetnaPaid/Co-pay:N/A
50	0	 The Doctor treated me like a non-person. He took me in early, before I had completed my medical history.  I didn't get the feeling that he was knowledgable on Lyme, as he only used one piece of evidence (my previous, prelim. blood testing) to determine that I no longer have Lyme.  He refused to consider further, more accurate types of blood work; he made an immediate determination without considering my medical history; and, he could not explain with any convinciing detail why he came up with the decision.  His comments were essentially cold and rude and gave me the impression that he was in this business ONLY to make money.  Overall, I felt wisked in &amp; out of his office like he truly had no interest in what level of care he was providing.  I feel that I must get a second opinion on my true condition, since I don't have the confidence that the Lyme is truly gone from my system and I cannot afford for it to return sometime in the future (when I can no longer get rid of it completely).  	1	5	1	4	Insurance:AetnaPaid/Co-pay:N/A
50	1	 I see Dr. Nahass on a regular basis. He along with all his staff are very friendly, helpful and knowledgeable.  All my questions are answered with thoughtful, informed, intelligent responses and I would highly recommend this Dr.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
50	-1	 Front desk was super nice.  But Dr. Nahass was cold, condescending and even insulting.  I waited an hour, he saw me for 10 minutes and was downright nasty to me.  Never want to see this man again! 	5	1	1	3	Insurance:OxfordPaid/Co-pay:N/A
50	-1	 LYME SUFFERERS BEWARE! This doc does NOT accept Igenex testing. He will NOT treat those with chronic lyme. He believes lyme is &quot;easily treated in a few weeks&quot;. Unfortunately, that is utter nonsense. If you have chronic lyme - don't waste your time with this one. This pompous ID doc spent the majority of the time berating my former doctor and berating Igenex testing. AGAIN - for emphasis - if you have Lyme disease look ELSEWHERE for treatment. You won't find it with Nahass.  	2	1	1	1	Insurance:AetnaPaid/Co-pay:N/A
50	1	 Dr. Nehass was extremely professioan and helpful. One of the best doctors I've met. He took all the time necessary to explain all the relevant issiues in my case. I highly raccommane him.  		4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
51	-1	 I walked out today,This is the second time he wasn't there yet and there were 5 people before me waiting.Last time he was an hour and a half late and there were 2-3 people ahead of me.  	3	1	2	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
51	1	commentsVery smart and very caring. Actually takes the time to get to know you. An awesome Doc! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
51	1	commentsBest PCP I have ever had. Worries about me more than I worry about myself. 		4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
53	-1	 This doctor is only looking to make a buck by doing unnecessary testing. I came in looking for guidance as to what I should do about my hearing loss, as well as the sinus pressure in my forehead. I brought with me MRI results of my entire head that I had done earlier. It showed no tumors or blockages or anything. He disregarded the MRI &amp; insisted we do a CT Scan of my ear. He also prescribed antibiotics because he said I had a sinus infection. After taking the pills for 2 wks w/out relief I tried calling a few times. One receptionist told me to take the pills for a month! When I finally got the dr. on the phone and explained the problem, he told me to stop taking the pills and that I would need a CT Scan of my sinuses. I said, &quot;didn't you say the CT Scan would be for my ear&#63;&quot; He said, &quot;No, MRI shows ear is fine. We'll do one on your sinuses, goodbye.&quot; According to the MRI results which were done a month ago, my sinuses are fine, too. This guy is a scum bag.  	1	3	1	1	Insurance:OxfordPaid/Co-pay:N/A
53	1	 Staff was very friendly and got me an appointment right away.  Doctor took his time and kept writing and asking questions.   Excellent office would highly recommend! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-CalPaid/Co-pay:N/A
53	1	 Dr. Nahm did two surgeries on my daughter. He is wonderful. The first time she had surgery from another doctor they fell out a month later. These lasted and did the job. She has been ear infection free since April 08. Thank you Dr.  Nahm! 	3	4	4	4	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-CalPaid/Co-pay:N/A
53	-1	 The receptionist was so rude and totally unknowledgeable about insurance - I had to pay up fron even though I had ins. She was too busy talking to her friends to call to verify my deductible was satisfied.  As to the Doctor, he spent maybe 10 minutes and wanted to have a ct and possibly operate- gave me a medication which didn't work - Never again! 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
54	1	 He is a man of integrity.Helpful, answered all of our questions.Offered suggestions on different treatments avail..suggested Doctors who would be more helpful with my condt.We found him to be caring and concerned with our good health in mine.  Was always there for us and always returned our calls no matter what day or time 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:MedicarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
54	-1	comments 	2	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
63	-1	commentsDr. Nadler treated me like I was making up my symptoms of arm pain. His speciality should have been more aware of what was causing my pain. In the upper arm, for example, I later went to a doctor specializing in sports medicine who diagnosed me with shoulder impingement that radiated down my arm. Surgery corrected this and I am now pain free for this particular problem. Nadler just acted like it was all in my head and was very condescending towards me. 	1	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
76	1	 Very good doctor and quite helpful so far. The new facility in Jersey Avenue is very neat and clean.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:AetnaPaid/Co-pay:N/A
76	1	 Dr Nagora is a good doctor--she does seem to have a lot of knowledge and is supportive of breastfeeding. However, sometimes I feel so takes issues very lightly and tells me not to worry and my baby is fine--even though my baby had 2 significant weight drops in the past 12 months.  	4	4	4	4	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:$20
81	-1	 The whole staff including the doctors are not helpful, kind and understanding at all. They don't see to care about what you or your family are going through when it is important to you. The place where procedures are done is not what you would expect. The waiting room was filled with about 25 people when I arrived for my treatment and I was told that they were quite backed up and would not be seen for sometime. With great anticipation for what was going to happen this did not make things any better. Again no one cared. I will not be going back to this office anytime soon and will NOT recomend this group to anyone that i CARE about. Maybe someday these doctors and staff will take some time to learn about peoples feelings and not just the dollar.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:MedicarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
81	1	 Dr. Nadler made me feel very comfortable considering the examination can be very uncomfortable. The young receptionist who greeted me was rude and unfriendly. The nurse was very nice though.  	2	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
81	1	 Dr. Nadler is very nice and knowledgeable.  However, the gals that work for him are rude and unfriendly.  	1	3	4	5	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
82	1	 an exceptional doctor. kind and understanding, senses my feelings and knows how to help. very special.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:N/APaid/Co-pay:$225
84	1	.  MELISSA AND TOM ARE THE BEST,,,DAWN AND BARBARA ARE ALSO ON THE TOP OF MY LIST,,, 	5	3	5	5	Insurance:MedicarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
84	1	 Dr. Naeem is the most caring doctor I know.  Easy to talk with and he has a real bedside manner 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:MedicarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
85	1	 Dr. N. is awesome! Never met anyone with such a great memory! Remembers every family member and history! Was on vacation  a year ago and had eye issue. Called Dr. N.  as I arrived at ER door and he saved me hours of treatment since he was able to diagnose me over the phone! 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:AetnaPaid/Co-pay:N/A
85	1	 Dr. Nagelberg puts you at east with his great personality. He can help you laugh. A lot of doctors can't do that. He is also very competent, and is a surgeon, which makes him more qualified than your average Opthalmologist. I was referred to him by a superb eye surgeon to use him as my general Opthalmologist and have been very happy with him for several years. Office is clean, frame selection and staff superb.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
85	1	 So friendly and relaxed. Always takes the time to explain and inform you. He is also very educated in his field.Been going to him for 9 yrs.  would never go elsewhere ! 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNAPaid/Co-pay:N/A
85	1	commentsVSP participating doctor. Thorough, friendly, and knowledgeable. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	 wonderful doctor with a vast knowledge, he started as an internist before going to ophthalmology. Always available to answer questions. I have been a patient of his for over 10 years. I won't go to anyone else. I send anyone who asks for a local eye doc to him.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
85	1	 Had a eye irritation on a Saturday afternoon. Called the office. They were ready to close, he got on the phone, asked what it was, said to come in. Waited 20 minutes for me to get there and then treated me. That was real professional and caring.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:OxfordPaid/Co-pay:N/A
85	-1	commentsHad problems with glasses (blurryness) he prescribed but he refused to talk to me about it. Staff said he doesn't get involved in financial issues. He lost 4 patients by having that attitude. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	.  Dr is very professional , caring , knowledge is vast ,  phone return calls asap ,compassionate , makes self available , respected by all nurses I know and work with and all of us go to him 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:AetnaPaid/Co-pay:$25
85	1	 Dr. Nagelberg is attentive, caring, and patient. I had a catastrophic eye problem that resulted in loss of sight in one eye and Dr. Nagelberg's knowledge and compassion helped a great deal during the initial adjustment.  	2	5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNAPaid/Co-pay:$40
85	1	 I've been around the medical field for many years as it is my profession as well. I found Dr.Nagelberg to be one of the top physician's I have had the pleasure of seeing. He is extremely knowledgeable and compassionate. His staff was friendly and quite helpful. I refer everyone I know to him.  		5	5	5	Insurance:OxfordPaid/Co-pay:N/A
85	1	 My son got hit in the eye and it was obvious there was some sort of trauma. We were directed to Dr. Nagelberg who saw him immediately on a Friday night. He had a slight scratch but did not appear to have a detached retina. Dr. Nagelberg saw him again early the next morning (a Sat. - no office hours but wanted to follow up)and confirmed his initial suspicion. We now all go to him. Great bedside manner, compassionate, understanding.  		5	5	5	Insurance:AetnaPaid/Co-pay:$3500
85	1	commentsGreat doctor. Takes his time with you and is very professional. My entire family uses him and loves him and his staff. 		5	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	 Great doctor with a vast base of knowledge. I think his background in Internal Medicine makes him especially helpful. Very nice guy also.  		5	5	5	Insurance:N/APaid/Co-pay:$55
85	1	 Nice Guy. Seemed to really know his stuff. Gave me a good solution to a long term eye irritation problem I had been having.  		5	5	5	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
85	1	commentsVery thorough and excellent doctor who is very caring,kind and punctual. Nice and friendly staff. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	commentsgreat man, very understanding, very easy to work with, very knowledgable 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	commentsUsed him when he was with another practice. Good bedside manner and nice person. Doesnt always communicate effectively, though. Had breast reduction, had some problems but he tried to fix them. Overall satisfied but lost sensation in one nipple and have more scarring than I ever would have guessed on the sides. I like him but not sure I would definitely use him again...we'll see. 	3	3	3	4	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	commentsI recently had breast implants, I have to say Dr Nagy and his staff are wonderful ,out of all the doctors I researched he is by farthe most thorough and compassionate doctor. Therefore I highly recommend . 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
