dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	Great doctor! Highly recommended! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	Friendly office. Seen on time. Helped me see better than I have in years. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	-1	bad 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	i am thrilled with the treatment and care from dr hagen. i had tremendous foot pain for a very long time i did  not want surgery because i am too busy. i was referred to dr hagen and she performed laser treatment and i am pain free.  thank you dr hagen 	 5/23/11	5	4	5	Insurance:Aetna
4	1	Not enough bytes on my computer to express the highest acclaim for Dr.Hagen. I am walking on air again!!! Her consideration and patience to exlpain any procedure, and then be truly sympathetic makes you feel as if you a part of her family. Her staff is as warm and nuturing to your needs,and as attentive to your concerns  to all procedures. You leave this estetically beautiful office knowing you made the right choice with Dr. Jill Hagen. By the way, her sense of humor and compassion is the key to comfort... Pain has turned into pleasure, and Dr Hagen gave me 5 inches back, that is I am in my sexy heels again, and she made 2 people very happy!!!I adore her and staff, and this is one trip to the DR. I will never mind, actually look forward to the TLC   Thank you Dr.  Hagen 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	Dr. Hagen was very professional and helped me with my foot problem that had been bothering me for a long time.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	Dr. Hagen is a wonderful podiatrist who really cares a lot about her patients.  It is very rare to find a doctor this dedicated.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
4	1	Very thorough, detailed and caring. She took the time to treat me as a person, not a number.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	-1	Dr Hamilton was very nice. However,  there are serious issues for her office staff. Most staff gives you an attitude + rude and don't really want to help. They will charge you $1 per page for your test result. For my case it was just a blood test and pep smear but they refuse to tell you how many pages there are. I feel like this &quot;charging you for test result&quot; procedure is a scam. There is definitely an integrity issue at this office and this is just not right. It doesn’t matter how good the doctor is it’s just not worth going through all the mess with the office staff. I definitely regret going there at the first place.  	 10/7/10	1	3	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	I absolutely adore Dr. Hamilton! She is very kind and knowledgeable, and her demeanor makes my annual exams bearable.  The office staff isn't quite as sweet at Dr. Hamilton, and have often sat in the waiting room for 30 or more minutes to see her.  The downside is that the practice only books appointments a month in advance, so be sure to have a very flexible schedule if you want to see her.  The last appointment on her &quot;late day&quot; is 5pm and is very hard to come by, so I suggest seeing her in the am.  	2	2	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
5	0	Dr. Hamilton technically is a great doctor.   in the delivery she was kind and present which allowed me to relax.  The care during the pregnancy was not as good.  A lot of pressure was put on me to have an amnio because of my age 38. she had me so stressed out that i did not think there was a possibility of having a healthy child. She knew i was not terminating the pregnancy regardless.  During the pregnancy my hemoglobin went to 8 and they did not even tell me until i asked because i was having such bad symptoms.  Staff acts like they do not know you your whole pregnancy and you can never talk to the doctor.   you always get a call back from a &quot;nurse&quot; 	2	2	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	I've been a patience with Dr. Hamilton since I was 19yrs old. I was so afraid to go to an OBGYN prior to going to Dr. Hamilton. She talked to me and explain everything prior to do it. She makes you feel comfortable. I recommended 6 ppl to Dr. Hamiltom and each one of them love her. I recommend anyone to go to her and see for yourself.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	After an exhaustive internet search for a new doctor, I came across this site and found Dr. Hamilton. Although there weren't many comments, I went with my instinct and made an appointment. I was extremely pleased with my visit. Dr. Hamilton made the time to get to know my medical history and was really helpful. Staff were pleasant and I wasn't rushed in or out. This is the complete opposite from the experience I've had for the last 14 yrs with Dr. Irani. (Bergen county residents, pls do yourself a favor and find a new doctor if she's your doctor). All the ratings here about her are absolutely accurate.  Good luck with your search.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	i LOVE dr. hamilton - she delivered my daughter last year and i was more than thrilled when i found out she was doing my c-section...what i was NOT happy about, and ultimately left the practice over, is that i was just over 15 minutes late for my appointment...i came from work and hit extra traffic on the parkway and even after a phone call to let the staff know, i got there to find out she wasn't going to see me and i had to reschedule.  i was not happy that all the times i had been there over the course of 8 years i was always on time and the one time i drove an hour and was a little late, they made me reschule.  instead i found another dr to see, closer to home, and have been very happy with the care - starting with the office staff which is a little lacking at dr hamiltons.  again, the dr is great once you are in to see her..so my advice is not to be late! 	3	4	2	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	i was so nervous due to my part experiences but after leaving Dr. Hamilton i actually went and bragged instead on how much i loved her. i def recommend her.  no wait , you get your own personal time and you do not feel uncomfortable 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	I really like her..She is so understanding and caring..She listens to your concerns and does not rush you..  	 8/29/07	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	Excellent doctor. The staff was very friendly and I hardly waited to be attended by Dr. Hamilton (maybe waited for 5 minutes tops).  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unicare
5	1	I love her, she is great, she listens to you without you feeling rushed out like some doctors do. She takes her time and explains in detail. Great doctor.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
5	1	Absolutely great doctor- caring & knowledgable but GOOD LUCK getting thru the office/support staff. VERY, VERY UNPROFESSIONAL !! The doctor's appointments get messed up, patients are not informed when office closes because of snow, the Doctor will NEVER receive your messages and you will NEVER get a chance to talk to her on the phone!! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	Dr. Hamilton is a wonderful specialist and a great person who works with all her patients.  Thank you! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
5	1	She is a very caring and intelligent doctor. She listens to my concerns and is respectful. There are very few doctors I'm comfortable with and she's one of them. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	Dr. Hamilton is wonderful! She is usually very timely for office visits and listens to your concerns and is very thorough.  Highly recommended! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	-1	I dont think Dr. John Hagaman showed me much respect as a patient. Good thing there are other doctors in the office you can ask for.  It's a good idea to ask the doctor to slow down, take his time, and bring a long list of questions. 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
7	-1	Dr. Haddad's staff was so kind, fitting me in right away as a new patient. They were understanding and catered to my schedule, as I was seeing many doctors while off of work for my illness. Dr. Haddad was the exact opposite of his staff. From the moment he walked in the door, he was impolite. I brought my lab work with me, to review tests I had already had done, and he took them, put them under his computer, and never referred to them. He took 20 minutes with me, when his staff scheduling the appointment said they schedule new patients for 1 hour. He cut me off several times while I explained my symptoms, and then, after my appointment, he never called me back with my results, which turned out to be positive. His staff took my call about the results, had the doctor come to the phone, and then were nice enough to mail me a copy of the results and fax them to my GP. I strongly recommend seeing the other doctor in this office, and would gladly come back for the front desk girls alone.  	5	5	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
8	1	 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	AWESOME &amp; personable Doctor.  Goes out of his way to make sure that you are ok.  Very caring &amp; concerned !! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	0	My son has been going to this practice from the time he was 5. Most of the time they are OK. But he is 15 now and the service is starting to lack. I had been saying for a while that he was tired, not himself, and just not right - a mom knows. After a long discussion, and prodding, he grudgingly agreed to some lab tests but he didn't seem happy about it. We found out he had mono but he didn't really seem concerned since he was in &quot;recovery&quot;. A couple of months later, I asked him if he should retake the blood test and he really blew me off..like what would the point be&#63; The point would be that we would know if he was getting better or not! Isn't that important&#63; Have really gotten dissatisfied with this practice. His partner Kahn is better, more caring. Plus you always have to wait so long for to see the dr. Just not happy there anymore.  	4	2	2	3 	Insurance:Oxford
10	1	Excellent doctor. This is the best doctor you can get for your kids. He is a doctor that other doctors send their kids to.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
11	1	Excellent doctor, there won'be be another like him. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	-1	If you go to this Dr or any of his surgi centers always question everything and get copies of all records every time you go.  Do not leave the office until you have your copies.  	3	1	1	2 	Insurance:Aetna
12	1	Very professional however, after the biopsy was done and the surgery needed to be scheduled was informed he no longer went to facility that accepted insurance. Would have been nice to know this prior to becoming established with him, Now I have to start all over again with a new MD.  	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	1	This is a wonderful doctor. Friendly bedside manner, takes the time to answer all of your questions, makes you feel very comfortable. My husband and I travel nearly two hours to have a procedure done by Dr. Hajjar, and it was well worth the trip.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
13	1	Dr Haggan cared for me and my family for nearly 15 years. He and his entire staff was always wonderful. I highly recommend him to anyone. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	Dr. Hahn is amazing! I was experiencing MAJOR pain BEFORE a root canal, she called me after hours when my dentist (Dr. ROsenfeld) called her, without ever meeting me-- assured me i would be ok told me how much motrin would get me through the night and squeezed me in, in the morning-- DURING A SNOW STORM just so i could get it done and over with!! I was in and out in an hour and the whole procedure was PAINLESS!! She made me feel very comfortable the whole time. The staff was fantastic also, i had never been to this office, i was refered to them by my dentist for this procedure and as soon as i walked in they greated me by name and had magazines ready for me to read while i waited, which ended up not being too long at all!! It was a fantastic experience and if i ever needed another root canal- this is where i would go! I am so thankful for the extra effort as i had never experienced any of this before-- the pain before OR the procedure! And now i am 2 days out- and i am PAIN FREE!! yay! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	Staff and doctors are nice.. They explained what my options were and the result of my decision 	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	-1	This Dentist &quot;DEMANDS&quot; that you do what he wants - not what you want - or he will Drop you as a patient.  His main objective would seem to be able to Bill as much as he can for his group paractice. 	1	3	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	. excellent,dedicated   helpfull,long time in practice 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:AARP
17	1	Exceptional MD. Wonderful caring manner. Specializes in heart failure and has a very &quot;can do&quot; attitude about improving your condition which does wonders for the kind of fear and anxiety this diagnosis creates.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	An outstanding Cadiologist speciaizing in heaart failure. He has done wonders for me. In addition to Medicare I have Tricare for Life insurance.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
17	1	Excellent doctor.  Takes his time to explain everything.   Very knowledgable and caring 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	1	one of my best doctors to go to - listens and very helpful! soft spoken but very knowledgeable.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	-1	Agreed Dr. Hammerman is easy to talk to, very pleasant, and he likes to chat. He will say when he doesn't know something but does not offer any suggestions, just a shoulder shrug which is not what a Dr should do. His wonderful chatty demeanor aside he dismissed a serious infection in my father that I myself diagnosed and sent him to another Dr. that landed him immediately in the hospital and seriously compromised.  This is not the first serious problem he has missed.  I do not recommend him to anyone.  A Dr needs to do more than pretend he is listening to make a patient feel at ease.  	 12/27/09	5	5	1	Insurance:Aetna
18	1	I am so happy with this doctor that I travel to his office instead of finding a doctor who is closer.  I never have to wait at his office.  He is kind, listens to what I say, and orders appropriate tests as needed.  I never have to call him for test results because he calls me (not just if there is a problem).  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
18	1	I like Dr. Hammerman, I also have been going to him for years. If he is unsure of something he will recommend  a specialist. He isn't afraid of admitting he doesn't know something.  (that's why I rated him a 4 instead of a 5).  He is very pleasant and can make me laugh even when I'm most distraught.  	5	5	5	4 	Insurance:CIGNA
18	1	i have been going to Dr.H for years and find him to be the most pleasant and easy to speak with dr. i have ever gone to. he always listens to what i have to say and hears me out...he makes me feel as if i am an active participant in my health care. keep up the good work Dr.  H 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	-1	Nice guy but as far as doctors go, does not listen to what is being said. I would look somewhere else if you want a doctor who actually listens to what is being told. 		5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	Knowledgable. Does all cleanings himself. I have had a painless root canal with him, I think that says alot. Easy to speak with and kind.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	1	Go to his site www.drhamlin.org and see what his former patients can tell you. Maybe they can give you tips for a doctor who could help you. 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	unfortunately, dr. hamlin has passed away, at the much too young age of 57. a great loss. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	He was a great listener. Gave extensive packet of tests and quizes to analyze before seeing me. Knows his drugs. Seen about 4-5 Psych's over the years. I like him. And best of all..I'm feeling better. I'm a Seasonal Affective sufferer. 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	Have struggled with social phobia for many years and since I have seen Dr. Hamlin, I am much more at ease given his extensive knowledge and experience with those that have sp. His office staff are also very helpful and cordial. While I will always have to deal with social phobia, it has not popped up with its outward manifestations for the most part since I have been under his care.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	1	He is really good, one of only two doctors who stuck with me when I had Lyme disease; not afraid to try different medicines. When I first saw him I couldn't speak or move, now I am on the dean's list at my school. Woot.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
21	1	The billing lady didn't want to work in getting my insurance to pay. Although I have best package insurance, she refused to cooperate and made me pay upfront for the service of an emergency ultrasound despite I was bleeding and about to miscarry. I found out that baby was dead a week ago. the doctor didn't want to accept me in till I figures my insurance was okay with me despite me bleeding first time.  	 4/23/12	1	3	4	Insurance:CIGNA
21	-1	I didn't get what I expected. Very dirty office, office staff not organized, waiting time about 2 hrs, doctor Hakimi was nice but not very helpful. He was in rush, didn't do checkup, and I was there twice. He wants you to come every other week so he can talk to you for 2 min and take money from ins. He doesn't wash his hands and doesn't wear gloves.  Disgusting! Never go there again! Plus, wainting room doesn't fit all patients! 	 3/13/12	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	My first visit:  yes the wait is a bit long, a little over an hour but this Doctor (yes he is very polite and humble) listened to my symptoms and ordered the procedures I thought my previous obgyn of 10 years should have done long ago.  He ordered blood tests and an ultrasound and referred me to a breast specialist who is very thorough, per his words.  This doctor is very meticulous and thorough which is very hard to find nowadays.  I have seen many doctors and I can tell he is not like all the other mediocre doctors who seem robotic, generic and apathetic to patients.  I can tell he is going to make a difference in my condition or at the very least he will do what he needs to do to find out if there's something wrong.  My instincts are telling me that seeing him is a step in the right direction. The staff was superb.  	 12/16/11	5	2	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	I went to Dr. Hakimi for a second opinion and he ended up picking up on an unrelated issue that was a threat to my baby's life. He thoroughly explained everything to me and because I came from far, he gave instructions for my monitoring my the original doctor I was seeing. My own doctor disagreed to closely monitor me as he thought it was unnecessary. 2 weeks later, I decided to go back to Dr. Hakimi as better safe than sorry since my own Dr. wouldn't monitor me. Sure enough Dr. Hakimi was right and my baby was decelerating. He ended up saving her life. Thanks to his insight and thoroughness my baby  is alive. I have since decided to only use him and have come to learn what a wonderful and caring doctor he is as he always goes the extra mile for his patients. I'm so lucky to have found him and went to him an decided to listen to his advice as well for the extra monitoring even when the other didn't agree and though all was fine.  I now only trust Dr. Hakimi as he is the best OBGYN.  	 11/12/11	5	5	5	Insurance:GHI
21	1	Wonderful doctor, always helpful and knowledgeable. I recommend him to any females especially the ones who are expecting a child and need a great doctor. 	 8/18/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	Dr. Hakimi Is a great doctor. He does not rush you into surgery. very knowledgeable and picks out all of your problems. One thing that I feel bad is that he is always working hard in the office and the hospital and I have noticed that he lets some difficult patients take advantage of his nice personality. For his sake, I hope that he would stop taking people that do not deserve him. I am very careful to refer to him people that can appreciate his greatness. Excellent surgeon and an excellent doctor. Took good care of myself while pregnant and did a fantastic job with his surgery at Hackensack. By the way, we were very happy with Hackensack Hospital as well. Good combo.  	 8/11/11	4	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
21	1	Dr. Hakimi correctly diagnosed my problem and was very compassionate about it. He is very knowledgable and overall just a good doctor. Doctors like that are very hard to come by these days. It's great that all the Ultrasound and blood work are done at his office. One stop Shop in a very beautiful and classy office environment. I would recommend him to any one and at any time.  	 5/30/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Oxford
21	-1	I chose this Doctor because of all the good ratings.I have not been treated very well from DR.Hakimi,he never  asked me any questions on each of my visits from my pregnancy he came in measured me and quickly left when I dint have enough time to ask him questions.Messed up all my testings,I ended going to the E.R for contractions and he told the nurses from the hospital that i had to go and drive to one of his offices!!!! I was in pain and how dare him not come and see me in the E. R and even had the nerve to tell me to drive to his office at 10 pm&#63;&#63;&#63;&#63; And when I did go he told me oh just come back and see me in 3 days&#63;&#63;&#63;&#63;&#63;&#63; I am very disapointed 	5	5	1	1 	Insurance:HealthFirst
21	1	Dr. Hakimi did a grfeat job in treating a poroblem that I was having.  He seemed to be very knowledgable and genuine in treating my issue.  He explained to me what was going on and showed effort to address my issue.  He also made me feel very comfortable and less anxious about what was going on.  HE is one of the best doctors I have used. 	 12/13/10	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	Dr. Hakimi is a great doctor. I chose him based on the high rating here and was not disappointed. Great manner, knowledgeable, tried to ease my anxiety at all of my maternity visits, presents all the options. I highly recommend! Staff is courteous, no problems with appointment scheduling. Only minus for me-doesn't work weekends.  	 6/11/10	4	4	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	I work there in the office and he is also my doctor. He's really the best. He is well versed in his field. He knows Ob/Gyn in and out and has a heart of gold. He is known to be the best Gyn surgeon around. Highly recommend him to any of my family and friends.  	 6/7/10	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	I went to Dr. Hakimi based on the great reviews on this site.  He is a great doctor that has a lot of knowledge and will uncover everything possible to help you with your health.  However, his office staff is unorganized, rude, and will give you an attitude if you question them about their mistakes (mostly referring to the gentleman working in his office).  I am not one to complain but have never been treated so rudely or had to jump through so many hoops and put up with such attitude to get a simple fax, or appointment scheduled correctly.  The doctor is great, but due to the fact that I have limited time and patience for this type of treatment I will take my business elsewhere.  	 5/27/10	1	1	3	Insurance:BC Med
21	1	. Doctor” Hakimi is a wonderful doctor in all aspects: his knowledge, his ability, his carefulness, his heart, his Patience, and his timeless devotion, all are second to none! 	 9/7/09	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	DR Hakimi is not just a doctor hes a God gift to man kind . a number of years ago we had a hard time having kids he spent a lot of time with us and correctly diagnosed the issues and thank god we have now 4 kids  twins and a girl a girl !. Theres no MD that would spend so much time and care for his patients like dr hakimi .  He AVOIDS c sections by all costs and perfoms v backs even if you had previos c sections he does so with very carefull considerations, i highly highly reccomend him ! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
21	1	I suffer from PCOS. I never felt satisfied with any of my previous doctors, none of them understood this condition or took me very seriously. I am very sensitive when it comes to seeing a doctor I can trust. Once I met with Dr. Hakimi, I knew I can trust his care 110%! He is very thorough and very knowledgeable. I was always stressed out leaving my previous doctors offices, but not anymore.  It was because of this site I found such a great doctor! Thank you!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	I've been to many doctors in the past but none like Dr. Hakimi. I initially went for a check-up because my sister-in-law and sister swears by him. I expected a normal visit with normal routines but to my surprise, Dr. Hakimi had an extensive conversation with me. I felt like he was the only doctor that ever cared about me. He is an extraordinary person.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	Dr. Hakimi is the best Doctor I have ever had. He is  very patient, very respectful, honest, caring, and does his job very well. I would recommend him to anyone. His staff are also very wonderful, trust worthy and caring. Going there is like being cared for as if I were at home. They are very helpful and friendly.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
21	1	Dr. Hakimi is a wonderful doctor,also his staffs are wonderful people very helpful.  Everytime I go there I feel like family.  Dr. Hakimi is very understanding, since i been under him, he's been a lot of help.  About 10 months i delivered twins boys, the Dr. was so helpful, and caring, i always think him that i have two beautiful angels.  I will definately recommend him...he will try to help you as much that he can, and he gives good advice, and he is very pleasant person, he does care for his patient, and his entire staffs.   I'm so glad that he's my OBGYN, i feel that i can say anything, and not been afraid, i feel like he's my older brother. Thank you again for everything.   Joe & Paula 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
21	1	I went to doctor Hakimi because my doctor switched to out of network and what a relief.....i thought i wouldnt find another doctor like mine.....but this obgyn comes really close.....he sits and listens to you and will run all necessary test if need be....sweet talking guy.... the office staff is also ver friendly i love this office already 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	dr hakimi is a great and generous doctor and wants to fullfill every ones needs                                               BS 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	I am surprised to hear that most of you had a good encounter with this Dr.  My first appt. was to talk about trying to get pg and he did listened and anwered all of my &#63;.  The 1st time in the office while pg, the first thing he said was let's see if this is a viable pg.  I thik that at 4wks it is a harsh thing to say to a person who is soo excited about the pg.  I left the office bumbed out.  A lot has happened that would prove to my belief that he is not compassionate and does not choose his words wisely.  He treats miscarriage as a casual thing and has no compassion.  	4	4	2	5 	Insurance:Aetna
21	1	SIMPLY PUT: THE BEST OB/GYN AROUND. COMPARED TO MY OTHER C-Ss, NOT ONLY MY RECOVERY WAS FASTER, BUT ALSO EVERYTHING ELSE SEEMED TO GO SMOTHER. I WAS NOT NERVOUS THIS TIME AROUND ONLY BECAUSE OF HIM. HE IS EXTEREMELY KNOWLEDEGEABLE, COMPASIONATE, AND SKILLED. IT WAS WORTHED THE TRAVEL FROM BERGEN COUNTY TO HIS OFFICE. YOU CAN'T GO WRONG WITH HIM. HIGHLY RECOMMEND HIM.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
21	1	To summarize my experience with Dr. Hakimi, I'd have to say that he's professional, knowledgeable, patient, thorough and compassionate. I've been to a few doctors who lacked every one of those very important qualities, so I feel blessed to have found Dr. Hakimi. During my first visit I had several issues to discuss with him, and I was thrilled to have him sit there and patiently listen to me express all my concerns and answer every one of my questions. In addition, he knew exactly the right questions to ask as well. I NEVER feel rushed when I'm in a visit, so I genuinely feel like he's giving me the best care possible. What really impressed me was that I was dealing with an issue that wasn't being treated properly by another doctor and it really upset me. Dr. H. took the time to research my problem after hours and call me at home to give me advice on what to do. Now, because of him, my problem has cleared and I'm so much happier. Honestly, I whole-heartedly recommend Dr. Hakimi.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	I had two babies and was having some infertility issues as we were trying to have another child. We live in New York and no local doctors had been able to help me. Finally a friend recommended that I see Dr. Hakimi. All I can say is that this was probably one of the best decisions of my life.  After helping us to get pregnant with twins, he was supportive, caring, and provided thorough and careful management of my difficult and complicated pregnancy.  He then delivered my twins naturally (no c-section) which  the nurses at the hospital told me is pretty uncommon these days.  (The nurses that cared for me after I delivered all love him by the way, probably due not only to his expertise in his field, but also due to his amazing bedside manners).   His staff is also very helpful and friendly.  I truly feel I owe it to Dr.Hakimi to refer him to people.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
21	1	After years of treatment and visiting big name high risk doctors and hematologists, Dr. Hakimi has finally been the one to help me get pregnant, keep the pregnancy, and deliver my son after 6 miscarraiges. I met him 1.5 years ago and somehow knew that he would be the one who would help me having a baby after loosing six pregnancies. We owe it tohim. We love him and appericiate his knowlege and diligince. Best Ob/Gyn around.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
21	1	The doctor is extremley knowledgable and experienced in his field.  He is so kind and caring that one feels very confident with all his suggested procedures.   I highly recommend this doctor! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:GHI
21	1	After trying many ob/gyn doctors, I finally found the one that is a true blessing to the profession of obstetrics and gynecology. Dr. Hakimi recently took care of my high risk pregnancy and delivered a beautiful,healthy baby.  He is also seeing me through my post-partum complications and has been the only doctor who successfully diagnosed and helped me with a problem that I've had for years.  He always takes his time and is available 24/7.  He has the best office hours, is up to date with the latest technology, and has the best staff.  He was there for me throughout my difficult pregnancy, visiting me every day in the hospital, consistently monitoring the pregnancy.  Not only did he take care of me physically and was able to maintain the pregnancy with his medcial expertise, he also took care of me emotionally.  He is so calming that he makes you feel at ease just by his presence. His patient and calm nature along with his knowledge and expertise make him the perfect doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	Dr. Hakimi is a very professional, knowledgeable, nice and friendly person. He took a time to talk and listen to me which is very rare those days. I felt very comfortalbe with him. This is my first pregnancy and I'm happy this doctor will take care of me and my baby during my pregnancy and after.  RT 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
21	1	my first office visit was a little akward... it was in the back seat of a car&#63;&#63;&#63; strange&#63;&#63;&#63;  the second was a little more conventional at temple. this was more of a convience for me as i am jewish.  other than that his office hours are great because they are at the hospital and also convient because we all get admitted and sectioned 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	The wait time in the office can be a bit long depending on time of day. The doctor and the office staff are very friendly. Doctor always listens to the patient and discusses any questions and concerns. Doctor is very professional and treats patients with respect.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
22	1	Yes there is usually a very long wait to see Dr. Hametz but he is worth it.  I have read some of the negative ratings and I am amazed at them.  This is the one doctor that I have that I do not care if he accepts insurance or not I will always go to him and trust him with my life.  He was the only Dr. to find a spot (very tiny) on my daughters eye and sent us to a specialist to have it removed.  She had just been to an eye doctor who when we went back said &quot;oh yeah I think I see it&quot;  Well it was there.....he also found a melenoma on me and wasted no time in having it treated.  He is thorough and caring and that is why he takes so long with each patient.  More doctors should be like him. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	-1	Dr. Hamitz had me back 4 times for a rash. Each time he prescribed a cream that cost me between $79 to $90 co-pay that didn't work. When I confronted him about the amount of visits and no cure he recommeded a simple vinegar bath and only then the rash disappeared. I feel he justed wanted to make money off of medicare.  	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
22	1	I suffered from a mysterious rash for over a year.  Having been to several dermatologists, with a dizzying array of possible diagnoses, medications, biopsies, etc... Dr. Hametz was the ONLY doctor to come up with the CORRECT diagnosis.  Not only that, he was extremely professional and pleasant.   Highly Recommended 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	-1	Although, Dr. Hametz is very pleasant, I found his diagnoses to be very inaccurate.  He was treating my son for acne which did not get better after 2 years.  When we started to use a medical esthetician, recommended by the plastic surgeon Dr. Hametz sent us to, it improved dramatically!  However, Dr. Hametz then did his best to discredit both her and the plastic surgeon.  Perhaps, he was afraid he'd lose business&#63; Additionally, my son saw him for a different problem.  In this case, he was not only very condescending in his response, but he proved to be totally inaccurate, too!  We have not been back since. 	3	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	I have no problem with Dr. Hametz, but his office staff leaves much to be desired. Example: I had a 5;00PM appointment one day and when I got to his office (at 4:50), there was Standing Room Only. I went up to the desk and asked about what time I would see the doctor. The receptionist told me I would have to wait a MINIMUM of 1 1/2 hours. I promptly rescheduled and went home, which is a 30 minute drive. If it happens again, I will look for a new dermatologist.  	2	1	4	5 	Insurance:Medicare
22	1	Dr. Hametz is a wonderful diagnostician. He spends time with his patients. He's kind and polite and makes you feel at comfortable.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	-1	Awful front desk staff. Allows people who have just arrived to go before others sitting there for one and one half hours. Doctor was not helpfulo.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
22	1	This dermatoligist is the best in this area. He is professional, knowlegleable and has a great bed side manner. I highly recommend him. 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	0	It was my first time visit and the doctor was very helpful in explaining in detail whatever procedures were being ordered and very helpful in answering all my questions. I would recommend him to anyone. 	5	5	5	1 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	Dr. Hamdan is a great doctor, and is the best in his field. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	Dr. Hajee is the best Allergist I have ever been to. She listens to you and answers all of your questions and she is down to earth. I wish every physician had her bedside manner and knowledge.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
24	1	She was by far the best Allergist i've been to,and i am recommending her to others.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	1	Dr. Hajee is a wonderful caring Dr. I highly recommend her. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	I have been a patient of toothfairy family dental for the past 4 years. And i havent had a single problem with them. Great staff and most importantly dr.Habibian is very sweet as always and she has lots of knowledge. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	Dr. Habibian is an outstanding Dentist and I feel very confident anytime I need to visit her office for any type of dental work.  I gladly give Dr Habibian the score of 5.  Dr. Habibian you are the best.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
25	1	Dr Habibian and toothbfairy dental staff are the greatest dental team i ever seen .me and my family are going ther for a long time they have the best and nieces office ,very knowledgeable and helpful you can even make apointment by Email at anytime .Dr Habibian has great personality .fabulous and comprehensive,you can get all your dental work done in one place ,I had veneer Implant tooth whitening,crowns ,extraction even orthodontic invisalign and i am very happy with the results.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	I went to Dr.Habibian's office for fillings couple days ago and I felt really comfortable at her office. Everyone was so nice to all the patients. 	 7/12/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	My son fractured his growth plate on his ankle at baseball camp, and we were told at the hospital it wasn't broke. Dr. Halpern saw the fracture, and treated my son. He is a wonderful doctor, and very caring.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	-1	Dr. Hall is very rude and uninformative. He gave me several fillings that I did not need and payed no attention to the teeth that actually hurt me. I decided to change dentists when he drilled to deep during a filling of a cavity. Every time a new doctor takes an x-ray of my teeth they are shocked at how deep he drilled. He is the only dentist that has given me a filling that hurt after I left his office and it still hurts to this day. Choosing Dr. Hall as my dentist was one of the worst decisions of my life and I now do extensive research before I trust any one with my teeth because of him.  	2	2	1	2 	Insurance:CIGNA
28	-1	 	5	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	Very knowledgable and compassionate. Knows what he is talking about and very helpful. I would and have trusted him with my life. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	This doctor saved my life. I am only 22 years old and for four years had been suffering with tremendous GI ailments. I saw all &quot;the best&quot; GI dr's in the NYC area- including Mt. Sinai- and did every test imaginable with no avail. Dr. Habba was my last hope. He treated me like one of his own children. His nurses were compassionate, lovely people. He diagnosed me with the Habba Syndrome and within days on his medication I was cured. I had lost my life and now have it back because of this man. He deserves any credit he receives.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
28	1	Very well respected doctor and came highly recommended by others.  I have no doubt about his skills or knowledge, and I would have continued with him if it weren't for &quot;personality&quot; issues.  He definitely has the &quot;God Complex&quot; and needs to work on his bedside manner.  That being said, if I was having serious GI problems, I would want Dr. Habba on my team.  	4	5	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	1	Most knowledgeable and kind. My life changed after treatment  for Habba Syndrome. Recommend him without any reservation. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	-1	He treated me for gas. Didn't help me. Too full of himself. Try anyone else. Also I still have diarrhea. There is no such thing as the Habba Syndrome. He made it up. Trust me. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	compationate and exceptionally knowledgable in his field. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	0	 	4	4	4	2 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	highly recommend! modern office , really nice staff and dentist. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	I have been under Dr. Hadri's care for over five years for neck injuries.   From a doctor to patient perspective, he takes the time to listen and provides information back to me in a way I could understand.   Dr. Hadri has practiced in the field of Neurology for many years which is evidenced by his ability to diagnose and treat my condition.   I have and will continue to recommend Dr. Hadri. I am thankful someone referred me at the onset of my injury. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
33	-1	I agree with many of the comments and would never go to this office again. I went twice and had to wait close to 2 hours each time, only for Dr. Haddad to spend maybe 5 minutes with me. He never even took the opportunity to look at my blood work after I went to him for second opinion re. lupus. He was also unable to answer many of my questions and just seemed completely overwhelmed with the # of patients waiting. I didn't feel like he was listening or even trying to determine a diagnosis based on my blood work or symptoms. The office staff was also very rude.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
33	-1	Completely agree with the ratings below. The doctor actually wanted to put me on a strong drug before even doing blood tests which, as it turned out, were negative.  The office staff were actually openly hostile when I asked a simple question.  I felt violated in every way possible and never returned.  Truly unbelievable that offices like this exist but as he is one of the few rheumatologists in the area on many HMO lists, he has a guaranteed clientele.  Do yourself a favor and pay out of pocket if need be somewhere else. 	 8/2/11	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
33	-1	By far the WORST doctor I have ever seen!! Does not return phone calls, just wants to stick meds down your throat to shut you up, and he cannot answer certain questions when asked, he simply changes the subject. I had bloodwork done, not one person from the office called me, so I decided to call them, and they told me my bloodwork was normal. I come to find out, SIX MONTHS LATER when I made another appointment, that my bloodwork was not normal. He spends very little time with you, and like I said, it really bothered me that he could not directly answer questions about my &quot;diagnosis,&quot; he simply handed me a brochure about it. And the worst, and most hurtful thing about it all, was I received a certified letter from him stating that he finds it neccessary to inform me that he could no longer &quot;serve&quot; me. And sends me a list of new physicians. Insurance did not change. He is absolutely, 100% the worst doctor. Does not care, so don't think he does. Or see for yourself. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
33	0	After reading the comments below, I am glad I am not the only one who found his office staff horrible!  They act like you are bothering them.  Dr. Haddad while helpful, just looked like he was going through the &quot;moves&quot; and was always at least a half hour to hour late to see you.  I do not recommend this office at all. 	1	1	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	I really care for Dr. Haddad. He has helped me with my pain.  He is really caring and listens to what I have to say!I would recommend him to anyone that need help! 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
33	1	I think others are talking about a different doctor  Dr. Haddad Is caring and brilliant that's why he's   busy.  If you felt neglected maybe it was because you wanted  pain meds not help!  I would refer anyone with real medical problems to him! 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
33	-1	NEVER go to this doctor...he has an attitude like hes heard it all before &amp; is bored by having to hear it again. You will wait 1-2 hrs. for him to maybe spend 5 min. with you. He may write you a script for something, but then not even tell you what it is, what its for, or how its supposed to work for you &amp; your symptoms. I personally waited for an hour and 40 min. for him to spend 4 min with me. He never even let me finish my sentence before walking out of the room &amp; sending a girl in to take my blood. I thought he would at least come back after the blood work, but the girl said &quot;nope, you're done.&quot; I said &quot;I wasn't finished telling him everything&quot; she said &quot;well you can make another appt.&quot;...right, so I can wait another hour &amp; 40 min. to be treated like that. Speaking of blood work, he never told me what he was testing for. Then I try to pick up the meds &amp; the pharmacy says it wasnt called in right so they wont fill it. A week, and 3 phone calls later, I still dont have my meds.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	-1	This Dr treats your insurance not the patient.  I would not recommend this office. 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	Dr. Haddad is great in person and seems to be very caring.  The nurses are also nice in the office. The office staff acts like they could care less about you and are NEVER friendly when you go in for your appts or when you have to call for something. The dr will never call you back himself. They just completely blow you off. I tolerated the office staff because Dr. Haddad is very good, but I can't do it anymore. I had a problem with medication that they would not address. I wanted the dr to call me and he never did. The girls were not sympathetic to my problem at all and I took that personally. It hurt my feelings. Because of them, I have to find another doctor, which is a shame.  	1	3	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	-1	I would not recommend Dr Hadaad or Allegra to anyone. They overbook appointments every single day. I have waited over 1.5 hours. They are not flexiable with appointments and are VERY rude when you need to change something. They ONLY care about the MONEY as the will not let you step in the door if your bill is not paid in FULL! even if there is an insurance issue and 600 is owed by insurance, they will tell you if you want your meds and see the doctor you must pay 600 NOW and deal with insurance later!  Then if he feels that you are dependant on the meds ( That HE put you on) you will get a letter in the mail saying SEE YA! Just like that! No reason why, no caring for you needs or ilness just BYE BYE@! Doctors like this only pretend to care half of the time he is not even listening, he is just going thru the motions. I would have to remind him whAT MEDS I am on.  	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Aetna
33	0	DR HADDAD IS A GOOD DOCTOR IN A HORRIBLE OFFICE !!! HORRIBLE RECEPTIONIST ( NASTY & RUDE ) I GET A WEEKLY INJECTION AND WENT TO RENEW MEDICINE THROUGH CAREMARK CALLED A COUPLE TIMES THEY WERE WAITNG ON DOCTOR AFTER TWO WEEKS OFFICE CALLED BACK ANDS SAID I NEED APPOINTMENT TO RENEW MEDS EVEN THOUGH IT WAS ONLY MONTH & 1/2 SINCE LAST VISIT .MISSED TAKING MEDS MADE APPOINTMENT TO GET MEDS AND AFTER WAITING 1/2 HR I WAS TOLD APPOINT WAS IN OTHER OFFICE THAT I NEVER WENT TO BEFORE THEY SAID SORRY FOR MISTAKE .MADE APPOINTMENT FOR NEXT DAY WAITED OVER HR TILL RECEPT TOLD ME MY REFFERAL RAN OUT AND THEY COULD NOT SEE ME TODAY . I TOLD HER AND SHOWED HER MY CARD THAT STATES NO REFFERALS NEEDED AND SHE DIDN'T CARE AND BASICALLY CALLED ME A LIAR EVEN AFTER SHOWING CARD TO HER. NOW IT IS WELL OVER MONTH WITH NO MEDS MY PRIMARY IS ORDERING THEM FOR ME !!! AVOID LIKE THE PLAGUE!!!!! 	1	1	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	0	I like Dr. Haddad.  He is friendly and it appears that he does care.  His office staff.....another story.  They are extremely rude, lazy and nasty.  I cannot understand why you were enter this profession if you dont like people.  Just plain rude those women are. This is mean but the heavy one that sits at the back desk is the worst.... being rude while stuffing her mouth every time I have been there 	2	1	2	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	-1	The doctors in this office in general are careless.  I have been prescribed the wrong medication, I had to call repeatedly to get my test results after speaking w/ the lab and knowing the office received them(the office staff lied and told me they hadnt received them).  They're out of their mind.  Would not Ever return to such a poorly run practice.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	0	Just walked out of my last appointment after waiting over an hour, yet again.  Been treated by this group for Rheumatoid Arthritis for just about a year, not a good experience. The staff are all rude and arrogant, especially the girl at the front desk, she's unbelievably snotty.  I have never waited less than an hour, the waiting room is always packed, clearly always overbooked.  You see the doctor for maybe 5 minutes, unless you're getting a shot or something.  In the summer I was traveling by plane and I requested a note for the airline, so I could get a seat with extra legroom.  They charged me $30 for it!  For a note!!  And I had to pay them for it before they'd start to type it. I was stunned, but I needed it. This past appt was the last straw, I waited an hour and then walked out.  I've had enough, there are plenty of decent rheumatologists out there, I don't need to be treated like this, especially when stress aggravates RA.  	 12/4/08	1	1	2	Insurance:Aetna
33	1	excellent doctor very helpful works hard and really wants to help you. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	. Top Doc! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
34	1	My family and I have been seeing Dr. Ha for 2 years now.  We go to her for our annual exam and we like her large selection of glasses.  I find her very easy to talk to and knowledgable.  Would recommend her to my friends and family. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
34	-1	Charges high prices for glasses, and once you paid for the items, no longer wants to assist with adjustments and/or faulty lens/frames/her staff's inability to adjust properly. When she took the exam for patients, did not consider the distance between your pupils, which resulted in ineffective glasses. Had to get the credit card company and insurance company involved. Would not recommend -there are other stores in the area. 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
34	-1	She is a very antibiotic happy.  	4	4	2	2 	Insurance:HealthPartners
35	1	Staff was great. Dr. Ha is very highly skilled, usually on time or not too late. 	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	This dentist and her staff are unbelievable excellent! I will never go anywhere else. Recommended for all! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	Dr Bab is great.  Sure, his office is a bit shabby, the staff not too attentive and they are almost always a bit behind schedule, and the dental room quite dated...but this guy is very smart, patient, explains everything...really cares about you...he does great work and only what is needed...prior dentist did procedures that were unnecessary and overbilled me every single time...Dr. Bab doesnt even bill me...he just takes what insurance pays and is satisfied with that...which boggles my mind.  Its like a small-town dentist and my entire family loves it.  Dont be put off by the decor.   Have this guy give you a checkup! 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
38	1	staff is very helpful as well as the doctors.  They are very professional and always comfort you when your there. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	I must say that i have felt much better after treating there, its a very nice looking office but it looks poorly managed and the front desk staff is kind of rude. I have never seen dr. Haddad but i dont know if it would make a difference. I agree with the person who commented before me and the phone calls are very much annoying its as if they are begging you to come in...desperate. 	1	2	3	5 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	Unfortunately in the begining when you first go there you get the feel that its totally professional and that you will be taken care of, then they slapp you with the real deal later. The front staff is totally disrespectful with the type of conversations they hold in front of us patients. Especially when the manager is preset and participating. A month after I began treating I started getting phone calls three times a week to be in for treatment which is helpful but gets extremely annoying after a while and especially when your treating for more than a year. I gave them a three because I feel they could be so much better. Seems unorganized and some of the staff seem un happy and overworked. As far as the Doctors, I only have had an issue with one Dr. Alasi, always on the phone while I was in the room.Dr. Haddad should see patients in his own office, it would do his business good. I have felt some relief which I am very happy about.  Hopefully theycan get it together. 	2	5	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	Thank you for getting me back to work.   Recommend highly! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
38	-1	One particular man (Dr.Brian) working in this practice is not very helpful always rude as well as the staff. The staff (all at the front desk) speaks of you as if you were deaf. My back is the issue here, not my ear. Dr.Haddad is ok but probably more concerned of his money in the waiting room not patients. Dr.Nick is good willing to answer your questions. Let's see about the new guy. 	1	2	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	I saw Dr. Hakimzadeh on a second opinion before I was to have a Kidney Transplant. It has been over a year now that I have been under her care and I am leading a pretty normal life. Under her care I have delayed the need for transplant and I have been able to side step the need for dialysis. I am greatful to have found such a fine and caring physician. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	this is a really great office. Everyone does a great job and is very friendly. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	I have been using this dentist since I was a baby and I won't change even though my insurance doesn't completely cover it. Everyone is very friendly and very caring about my health.  		5	4	5 	Insurance:Aetna
41	-1	The receptionist gave me a difficult time when I was asking about prices for different procedures. She seemed surprised and agitated that someone was trying to actually check prices. In the beginning, I informed the Dentist that I wanted full mouth X-Rays, a cleaning and to check where I was having pain and to please fix it.  He DID NOT do the full X-Rays nor the cleaning. He only took partial X-Rays and fixed the problem area.   Due to him not doing what I asked and the rude receptionist, I won't be going back. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
41	0	Must pay at time of service despite being insured even for xrays which are covered at 100%. Gave me a diificult time when asked to submit a claim for so that I could be reimbursed. Becuase they are plan participating, insurance check went directly to them. Still waiting after 1 year to get my refund from them even though they were paid by both me and my insurance company.  	2	3	1	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
41	-1	He was nasty and very rude. He did nothing to help me. He really was a JERK!! 	1	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	Dr.Ham is very pleasant person who listens to your concerns and is very approachable about any delicate topic you may want to discuss with her. I've been her patient for 6 years and will not change her for anyone else.  	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
42	0	I have been a patient here for about five years. I have had to wait an average of 60-90 minutes after my appointment time to be seen.  Dr. Ham never apologizes for being late. Regular and trans-vaginal ultrasounds ordered during the past 3 visits for no stated reason.  Spoke to several other patients from this office, and apparently this is a common practice (unnecessary ultrasounds).  At first I was scared about why I even got the tests ordered in the first place, but now it seems like a way to get easy, extra reimbursment from insurance companies.  I am finding a new OB/GYN before my next visit.  Also, the call-back nurse is nasty and patronizing.  	2	1	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
42	0	I am currently looking for a new OB dr. I've had some bad experiences at this office. She is rushing throughout the examination and I feel like unnecessarily scared me with certain possible scenarios. Also, if you have Cigna be careful because they have some kind of contract with them where they wont do your OB ultrasounds in the office, you have to go somewhere else. a fact I didn't find out until I was pregnant.  :( 	3	3	2	3 	Insurance:CIGNA
42	1	Dr. Ham is the absolute best doctor!  She is extremely caring and has been so helpful.  I can't praise her enough.  	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
42	1	Dr. Ham was very thorough, respectful, and knowledgeable. She took her time with me and has an excellent bedside manner. I am totally shocked at all these bad reviews, as Dr. Ham was nothing like these other people have described.  I have not seen any other docs in this group yet, but I am hoping that they are equally fantastic! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
42	1	She kept me waiting 40 minutes but rushed the entire appointment. As a pregnant patient I felt very frustrated getting brushed off so quickly. I was in the middle of asking her a question as she was already walking out of the exam room with my chart to bring to the front desk! Also, poor communication and extreme confusion with the front desk staff about scheduling the next appointment.  I prefer the other docs in the practice instead.  	4	2	3	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
42	-1	extremely unknowledgeable and poor surgean. let me stay in transition for 36 hours leading into a c-section. done so bad neede major blood transfusion, had cardiac complications. extremely messy surgery. the entire group does not belong to be obgyns they should find another occupation-not invoving others depending on them.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Oxford
42	-1	I arrived on time. I was kept waiting. 2 hours which I understand is not unusual. 1 of the hours was  in the examining room which was freezing cold with air conditioning  on a cold  day in March even though I told them I have bad arthritis and an autoimmune disease. When she finally came in she was rough uncaring and orderd one test and left. They didn't even call with the results. I had to go to the radiology group for the written results which were negative. She wasn't even close. Lots of better gynecologists then this one.  	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
42	1	great doctor, kind and caring. 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	. Very compasionate, knowledgeable, excellent doctor, you can trust her, dedicate to her patient 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	1	. Good  doctor , very compassionate to her patients 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
44	1	Top Notch Doctor. Staff is friendly and helpful 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	1	Great doctor, has helped me through many injuries, highly recommend him! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	Dr. Haigney is a gifted healer, by far the best chiropractor I've ever been to. His diagnostic skills are impressive. Peter gets the highest recommendation possible from me. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	Excellent Chiropractor!!!  I have been treated by other chiropractors and non can even compare!  Dr. Haigney is very knowledgeable and makes you feel comfortable during treatment.  A+++++ 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	Awesome chiropractor, diagnoses is his speciality...he has holistic but pragmatic view and is very smart.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	1	Very knowledgeable; works in a number of related health areas, such as acupuncture.  Good guy. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	A very experienced chirpractor with strong knowledge about medicine in general, continually expanding his skills and knowledge, most recenly learning accupunture. He is also anxious to help a patient help themselves, so that after a period of treatment, he may propose the patient do exercises and stretches at home and come back to the office only for checkups.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
46	1	Dr. Halter is a great doctor.  I was in so much pain, and he really helped me heal.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
46	1	Dr.Halter is outstanding. He's extremely personable and caring and I couldn't feel more confident in his ability. First class doctor and office. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	Great Staff!  Dr. Halter fixed my neck and shoulder issues.   These guys are great! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
47	1	Dr Haberman was thorough and knowledgeable. It was a pleasure to find a doctor in this day and age that  truly cares about his patients. I highly recommend him.  	1	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
47	1	. Great pediatrician, great with children! My daughter has been seeing him since she was 3 years old (she is now 16) and she loved him from the start! He's a good guy! 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
47	1	Dr. Haberman is very knowledgeable and very good with the kids.  My kids absolutely adore him.  He's kept my sons asthma at bay with minimal meds.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
47	1	Dr. Haberman is a very kind, compassionate and knowledgeable doctor. I couldn,t be happier with the level of care my children receive from him and his associates. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	Dr. Haghverdi is the BEST Dr. I have ever had, She really cares about her patients. She makes you feel like you are her only patient. She devotes all her attention to you. I can't see myself going to any other Dr.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
48	1	Dr. Haghverdi is by far the best physician Ive had. I recomended her to my mother and she basically saved my mothers life. detected high levels of calcium, turns out she had thyroid cancer.  She truly cares for her pt well being and is the best at what she does! i recomend her highly! btw shes no joke, when she wants something she makes it happen! :-) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	1	Dr. Haghverdi has been my doctor for many years.  She genuinely cares about her patients.  She has a fantastic attitude and bedside manner. She returns calls and her staff is exceptional.  I strongly recommend Dr. Haghverdi.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	1	Dr. Haghverdi saved my live by picking up on a slightly high PSA for a man my age. She insisted I see a Urologist- after her second appeal, I finally did and sure enough I had prostate cancer.  The surgery was a total success. My previous Doctor had the same info and never said a word. Thanks to Dr.  Haghverdi, I'm living happily ever after! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
48	1	Very through.  Explains issues in layman's terms.   Caring enough to provide insight to theraputic cures outside of medications 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
48	-1	 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	I work in GYN so I don't choose a doctor lightly, Dr Haddad has been amazing with me! I am not an easy patinet to deal with (I know to much) and he has an aquard situation so easy for me. I have seen him in the OR and out and I am impressed with his skill and bedside manner.  I am greatfull to him and his staff.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	1	Im so sad to see all those bad reviews.  The Doctor is amzaing caring, knowleable and not money hungry at all.  He has been my doctor for 5 years delivered two of my children and helped me thru two miscarriages.  He is compasionate and I can not say anything bad about the man. The staff at the clifton office are very sweet and I guess they treat you how you treat them.  So I don't know what the other patients problem was.   Regards and God Bless 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
49	1	I LOVE THIS DOCTOR HE IS THE BEST...I RECOMEND THE CLIFTON BROAD STREET OFFICE 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	Dr. Haddad has a sweet personality which is super important to me. I cant' deal with Docotors that are mean and cold. His office staff isnt the greatest but the Broad St. office is not that bad. Do not go to the Passaic office it is horrific! Overall he's a good Dr. During my son's labor he was so patient and treated my family and I very well throughout the whole night.  	4	3	4	4 	Insurance:Aetna
49	1	Great care from a caring doctor.   Does lots of in office treatment that is really good 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	1	I am a patient at the Broad Street Clifton office. I think the staff is great and very helpful...I also this Dr. Haddad makes me very comfortable and I trust what he says. He's performed surgery on me and I have no complaints...I would reccomend anyone to go there 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
49	0	Dr Haddad was ok - middle of road.  The office staff (Ridgewood Office) is attrocious and enough reason to avoid this practice.  They are rude, do not return calls or follow through on paperwork.  It took two letters, two visits and a 45 min wait to get my medical records!!  There is usually at least a 45 min. wait for appointments.  Office is dirty, and office staff can't be bothered to help you.  	1	2	3	3 	Insurance:Aetna
49	-1	i have to agree.  staff recruited from the local Mickey D's.  The doc is a straight up scam artist.  I was seen in Passaic ofc and what a dirty dump that turned out to be!  I was afraid of catching a disease from the table.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
49	0	I was very upset with the service I for from the staff. All they talked about how much they wanted to leave. They don't bother to even learn your name they just call you &quot;Mami&quot;. If anyone from there bothers to reads this please make sure that you learn to speak in the correct manner. Get out of the Ghetto you are working at a medical office not chilling with your mami. This means you Ms.  so called Office Manger ! 	1	3	2	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
49	0	I went to his clifton office. Next to having me wait for a long time he did a quick exam and rushed out of the room to tend to another patient. His staffed lacked the most common of social skills. When the office manager was told to help out she lacked even basic communications skills. In other words she spoke to me like if I was a person that lives in the projects like I imagine she does. THIS PRACTICE IS ALL ABOUT THE MONEY !!!! 	1	2	1	5 	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	friendly,compassionate,caring, not like others in the group. They are primarily intrested in MONEY.  	1	2	4	5 	Insurance:Oxford
50	-1	I would not recommend this dermatologist to any individual that have concern with their skin. He is very unprofessional, only wants you to buy his products whether u have a prescription plan or not, office etiquette sucks (he does not know how to speak to his office staff with respect), wait time is horrible and then when you're seen by him, he looks at you for a second and speaks to you as if you were a school-aged child. Because I refused to pay for another one of his products, he gave me a prescription for Retin-A and stated &quot;good luck in getting it through your prescription plan&quot;. Went to my pharmacy to fill the prescription, and because of my age, he (Dr. Haberman) has to give prior authorization which I have been waiting for since Saturday, it is now Tuesday and he still hasn't called the pharmacy with prior authorization.  Consumers be ware of this rip-off dermatologist. He doesn't let you the cost of his products before he literally pushes it off on you.  	 3/13/12	3	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	-1	I was in the waiting room for over 1.5 hrs and then inside of the examination room for another 1/2 hr. The doctor then walked in, looked at the areas I was concerned with and told me &quot;insurance might not cover that.&quot; I made no mention of my concern for the cost of my procedure, nor did I expect my procedures to be covered by my insurance policy. I moved forward and made my follow up appointment anyway but after reading the reviews on this web site, I saw that other patients had the exact same experience as I did. I immediately canceled my appointment THREE DAYS prior and later received a bill in the mail for a &quot;no show.&quot; This is NOT a place I would ever recommend to anyone. The office is also extremely outdated - everything looks original since the 1970's.  	 6/8/11	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	-1	This doctor took forever to see me, and when I did see him all I learned about was how wonderful his many accomplishments were. However, he isn't a very good doctor despite his many accomplishments in the 1980's.  I really enjoyed sitting in the room where I got to look at many of his portraits and achievements, but after an hour even this got repetitive.  Oh, and I believe his staff gets off late night shift at a local prison before they arrive for work, that's how pleasant they are.   I can't wait to go back! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Oxford
50	-1	This is the WORST doctor I have ever seen by far! I went for a checkup and he ended up waiting for over 2 hours just to get into the room. Then I waited some more until he eventually came in and dedicated the whole 10 minutes of his time. The next appointment was no better. He found some marks that he said absolutely need to be biopsied and dint bother explaining or listening to my opinion. When I asked what exactly is going to take place, the assistant said, no big deal, just a little scrape. The next time I came in he ****ed me and did a lame job stitching me up. Throughout the whole procedure he kept cursing at his assistant and to himself. He did not have all of the supplies and the assistant was running in and out of the room to get things. This is the most unprofessional experience I've ever encountered. He is full of himself for no reason, disrespectful and his personal hygiene is poor. I felt disgusted as he was touching me. He definitely needs to get his license revoked! 	 7/20/10	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
50	-1	The staff is rude and they really don't give a rat's &quot;you know what&quot; about the patient. It took one hour to get into the examining room where a staff member proceeded to rub alcohol on a beauty mark I wanted looked at and then left me there for another hour.. Meanwhile the staff was coming in and out of the examining room and they were all talking about their dunkin donuts order. Priorities I guess! And when I complained about the service and the wait, all I got was a dumb look like &quot;who are you to complain&quot;. I definitely felt like a number in that office and not a patient. I walked out and I definitely will never return. The doctor is also full of himself and lives in the past having articles from the 70s/80s all over his office. I would recommend the Dermatology Group who has an office in Paramus if anyone's looking. I really don’t know who to blame.. the doctor or the people that gave this guy his medical license. 	 7/8/10	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
50	-1	I will not go back to this doctor.  My condition, while annoying, is not serious.  I found him to be rude, self-promoting, patronizing and unprofessional.   He treats his patients as no more than sources of income, not as hurting people who deserve respect. 	 1/10/10	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
50	-1	He is the worst doctor I have ever had. His bed-manner is horrible. He doesn't have any knowledge about dermatology. He cares only how much money to charge you, he even doesn't have any chart with prices so he charges you as much as he wants. I spent aver $3000 on my acne treatment five years ago and recently I found out by applying for a loan that he send me to collection agency for amount of $240. I have never received any bill or a phone from him about this charge and after five years it shows up on my credit report and I don't even know if that bill is really mine because when I asked them to show me the bill statement they said that they don't have and I must pay the bill. I wanted to be nice and told them that if I pay my bill could they take off this negative information from my credit file. They said if I pay they will. After I did pay they said to me that they won't take care of it anymore. I was very upset and frustrated with their answer. Terrible doctor and office. 	 12/16/09	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
50	0	My appointment was scheduled for 3:30 and I did not get in there until 5:15. I don't complain much but thought I'd come online to check reviews of this doctor and behold, others have experienced the same. The staff is extremely rude and dismissive as if you were not on their level. I would imagine they are not paid sufficiently to like their job and they take it out on us (the customer/patient). While the doctor IS knowledgeable, the overall experience is quite unpleasant and I will join those of you not returning to this office. I would wish someone from their staff could turn things around there but from what I've experienced they do not seem capable. If you have not experienced an office visit to Saddle Brook yet and are on here to check out this doctor, I would suggest you stay away and avoid some frustration. There are several other dermatology doctors close by whose staff treats you respectfully. 	1	1	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
50	-1	His office billed my insurance company for three visits for my daughter, but she only went once and because he was so rude to her, I had to call the office and complain!  I am curious if this billing issue is  habitual.  Has anyone had a similar experience of billing for visits they never had&#63; 	 10/5/09	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
50	0	I've been to Dr Haberman 3 times and I'll never go again.  His staff is the absolute worst, you get better service at a fast food drive-thru window. They're always late to open the office, LAUGH ABOUT PATIENTS WAITING while taking personal calls in front of you, and roll their eyes at you for asking questions about the medical chart.  They wouldnt even let me go in the treatment room with my husband, we had to call the cops to get his charts back since no services were rendered!!  This is after 2.5 hrs in the waiting room nonetheless. Absolute scum of the earth staff.  The Dr is knowledgeable but kind of tired and jaded.  (You'd be too if you were surrounded by life-sucking harpies all day).  	1	1	1	4 	Insurance:Oxford
50	-1	He is by far the one of the most obnoxious people.  I was there on more than one occasion because whatever I had took several &quot;treatments&quot;.  the treatments were needles-he came in the room just started stabbing me where needed, no conversation, no warnings just prinking me all over my face and chest and then left the room-his nurse gave me something to wipe the blood off.  He also thinks its ok to yell and scold his staff in front of patients. 	3	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
50	-1	I see my experience reflects those of others. I have a small tumor on my nose, & was concerned it might not be benign. After over 1.5 hours in the waiting room, & 30mins in the exam room, he came in and from half-way across the room, snapped &quot;what growth&#63;&#63;&#63; Where&#63; I don't see anything&quot;. When I pointed it out, he said &quot;your insurance company won't pay to have that removed, you know&quot;. I said I was just wanted to check that the growth was okay. He responded condescendingly - &quot;it's not cancer, if that's what you think&quot;.  That was it. Not once did he actually examine the growth up close. He was  rude, and totally unprofessional. That was over 2 years ago, and I still can't get over his manner that day.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
50	-1	this guy is a real jerk. Went to him to identify a flat mold that I was concerned about....He said &quot; I don't know what it is&quot; I asked him if the mole was suspicious, he said rudely &quot;I don't know what it is. I told him I was a bit nervous about this. He said &quot;I can tell&quot; and set up a biopsy in 2 weeks. The next day had a second opinion by another Dr...that also is a professer at Columbia Univ. He said it was nothing to be concerned about and said &quot;see you in a year&quot;   Haberman is not a top Dr. that he claims to be.  just a jerk 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
50	-1	This doctor is all about making money- that is all. He has been reprimanded by the New Jersey State Board of Medicine for misrepresenting himself as an M.D. when in fact he is a D.O. He apparently thought that MD behind his name would give him more creditability and make him more marketable. He is more publicity hound than caregiver.  Save your money and time! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	1	well i needed to see a dermatologist for my concern around my eyes and my friend recommended him to me and i have to say i was glad he did my appt. was for 1pm and at 1pm i was being seen by dr.  haberman, he is a very nice man who knows his stuff regardless what people say about him he is a professional who knows skin very well, thanks to him my eyes are looking 100% better! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
50	-1	Dr. Haberman should not practice medicine..I do not consider him a medical professional..perhaps a &quot;sleeze&quot;.  He not only is obnoxious, inconsiderate and an ego-maniac, he is INCOMPETENT! I went to him for a freckle that changed from flat to raised and I felt concerned that it might be cancerous. He examined it and said it was an &quot;age spot&quot; and not to worry. I somehow knew his diagnosis was wrong and went immediately to another dermatologist.  This doctor took a biopsy and the test results came back positive for cancer.  Quite upset, I called Dr. Haberman and told him he misdiagnosed me. He arrogantly told me that my &quot;mole&quot; must have turned cancerous after I left his office. This is &quot;really&quot; who Dr. Haberman is. A few years ago, I read a news article that Dr. Haberman was attacked by a patient's husband..he was angry because the &quot;good doc&quot; damaged his wife's looks.. instead of arresting this guy, they should have given him a metal! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	-1	Long wait period before seeing doctor. Once I saw him, he got a cell phone call and made me wait an additional 20 minutes. The reason I went to the doctor was due to small pimples I get around my chin. They are minimal but I would like to see them removed. He suggested I inject my face with Liquid Nitrogen. When I asked him what that would do he hesitated and then said it would have the same results as using cream. First off that sounds dangerous and the fact that he could not explain the product to me was a disgrace. His office has not been updated since the 70's and each new client gets a folder full of clippings of Dr. Haberman. They are all from 20+ years ago and all his awards on the wall are for continuing education. He is a hack and I feel bad for anyone who makes the same mistake as me. Short story he tried to charge 350.00 for consultation which was not worth it.  	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
50	1	Dr. Haberman is an excellent doctor, unfortunately you need a completely clear schedule for the rest of your night if you want to see him. Expect to wait a couple of hours for him, for he is never on time for appointments. However he is an outstanding doctor who has cleared my skin like nothing else I have tried.  	4	1	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	-1	I do not recommend this doctor for anyone. I was not impressed with his so called good reputation and most of all his services. He overbooks all his patients and it is true, he could care less what you have to say. After a reaction to his peels and antibiotics he of course blamed it on me. He sais I was doing something wrong and that he could not help me anymore. The office is a damp, dirty, and poorly organized. Be ready to wait from 2 to 3 hours and once inside be ready to wait for 30 minutes at least. Just so he could dismiss you in 5 to 10 minutes. 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
50	-1	he misdiagnosed an old acne flare up with (I kid you not) &quot;herpes on your scalp and head&quot; To this day, years later I still don't know what he was thinking. He was rude, arrogant and didn't let me explain my history. He loaded me up with valtrex and when it didn't work he gave me more.  Finally got my old doctor up the street and the 6 month problem I had was cleared up in a week! a total A**hole! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
50	-1	Don't plan on getting in to meet with the doctor until you've spent at least an hour and a half minimum in the waiting room.  The staff hates working there and they let you know.  He pushes you to buy Clinique make-up because he knows a woman who works at the counter at Macy's.  Says it's the best makeup.  Didn't help me at all.  Check out Dr. Farkus in Ridgewood. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
50	-1	Cut me off every time I tried to say something, then told me I wasn't telling him anything &quot;useful&quot; (I offered to leave if I wasn't being &quot;useful&quot;--and I should have). Berated me repeatedly for not knowing what strength retin-a I'd used. Wanted to put me on antibiotics (for acne) for at least two months &quot;to start&quot;(WAY too long). Was more interested in telling me how he trains surgeons in med school than in what was going on with my skin. I was given a folder of &quot;information&quot; to keep--which turned out to be a bunch of photocopies of magazine articles he's quoted in. Also, I wasn't given any prescriptions, only the &quot;option&quot; to buy products at the office, which he said was better because my insurance wouldn't pay for them (a lie--I've gotten derm. products with my insurance before). Wouldn't even tell me what products I would be using--only &quot;face wash A,&quot; &quot;moisturizer B,&quot; etc. A big scam, run by an egotistical idiot.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Oxford
50	1	I went to Dr. Haberman for years.  The good thing is that he really knows his stuff.  He cleared up my skin in a matter of weeks.  He also took a mole from under my eye and left no scar.  The bad thing is that he has zero bedside manner.  He was so bad that often wondered if I was on candid camera.  Also, if you go expect to wait AT LEAST an hour before being seen (and just because they put you in a room, doesn't mean you be seen soon.  I have waited in the exam room for him for over 40 minutes). 	3	1	2	5 	Insurance:Unknown
50	-1	He is an awful doctor.  He doesn't care about his patients all he cares about his selling his really expensive products. It is all about money with him and not about the patient.  Its soo sad. I wouldn't recommend him to anyone. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
50	-1	This guy is a total jerk. It would seem that unless you are one of his wealthy, affluent, or famous patients, you are treated like cattle. I found him to be very condescending and rude. It's all about money, he doesn't give a damn about your skin ... he wants to sell you his skin care products and his laser treatments. You know what&#63; I went online, purchased Retin-A .025% from a pharmacy in England, applied it daily, and now my skin looks like porcelain. He wanted to put me on antibiotics. Even a blue collar girl like me with no medical training knows that antibiotics for anything but the most serious illness is a big no-no. Overuse of antibiotics will weaken your own immune system, will lead to Candida issues, and long term use may lead to colitis. And what happens when bacteria become resistant, therefore when antibiotics are truly needed, they won't work&#63; I would never recommend Dr. Haberman to anyone. He needs an education in medicine, ethics, and how to treat people.  	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	-1	The most disorganized, uncaring doctor I've ever seen. Brags constantly about how he prescribes great medication that no other doctor will, which is a lie. NEVER listens to what you have to say and keeps inaccurate patient records. He insisted I'd been on medication for 4 months when I'd actually been on it for over 9 months. Kept me on antibiotics for a year, which is insane. The prescriptions cleared my skin but I started breaking out again after 5 months and he didn't care, insisted it was normal and that I should just pay for regular peels to clear them up, which I couldn't afford. Insists that you won't get clear skin unless you buy his line of skin care products which are very expensive. Everything is money-money-money to this doctor, and if you have skin problems he implies you're to blame. I recently switched doctors because I was completely fed up. And yes, he crazily overbooks and his offices are dumps. 		1	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	I have one problem with Dr. Haberman and that is his wait time. There should be no reason why his office is always crowded and people need to wait hours to see him. Other then that I think he is a very good doctor. 		1	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
50	-1	He charged me 1,000.00 dollars for a laser skin treatment and made me pay upfront so he could have the machine brought from ny when i got there he used a dirty electric machine off the wall that left scars i was only 20 so I didnt know better he is a bad doctor dont see him 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
50	-1	I visited Dr. Haberman several times over a 4 year period. This was at a time when doctors were starting to advertise heavily about their services and he advertised!!! The office,which was a dump, was overbooked with patients the times I went. He is not interested in you as a patient in the least only whether you've seen him on TV or read his book. He does not listen to anything you have to say. No help for my problem whatsoever. Thank God I did find a couple of great dermatologists who were able to help me. The final insult was that the office exit was locked and was not opened until bill was paid...perhaps this practice has changed...I do not know. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
50	-1	Stacks up patients in waiting room like rush-hour at Laguardia. His personal cellphone calls get top priority while patients wait for hours. He was late arriving to office on all 3 of my visits. I paid for a laser skin treatment with anethesia by injection. What I got was a drastically different and painful &quot;electric impulse&quot; treatment with &quot;numbing cream&quot;. He misrepresented and overcharged me. And of course, there are scars... DO NOT SEE THIS DOCTOR. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
51	1	The office makes you feel comfortable.  Everybody is so nice and also Dr. Haber.  I would recommend him if you need foot doctor. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	Dr. Hamza is a wonderful pediatrician! He is so good with my daughter and you can tell he really cares.  He has a wonderful disposition! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
52	1	Dr. Hamza is second to none.  He is a wonderful pediatrician who takes the time to explain everything to his patients and is extremely thorough.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
52	1	Dr. Hamza is a wonderful physician who takes tremendous care of his patients and is very thorough.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
52	1	I love this pediatrician. He truly cares about his patients and takes his time with them. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	Fantastic experience for my young daughter when she had her third molars removed.(14 yr old) Staff warm friendly,compassionate,knowledgable. Only waited five minutes .Dr H is hands down the best of the best, Extremely thorough,gentile always with a smile. Office is immaculate. Billing went smooth with ins.,My calls were returned promptly. Thank you, Highly recommend !! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
53	-1	We made an appointment for an oral surgery more than 3 months in advance. 2 months before the scheduled appointment the staff left a message saying that they changed the appointment. They did not ask whether that time is alright with me. When I call the office they say the appointment has been changed. Nobody gave an apology; there was just arrogant attitude. They say the doctor has an emergency and therefore cannot keep the appointment. An &quot;emergency&quot; 2 months ahead of time!!! Who can believe that!!! That doctor and office staff just want to make money; they don't care about the patients!!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	Dr. Haghighi is a very professional, exerienced oral surgent.  Before meeting him, I had done my homework and had met several other doctors.  His diagnosis was consistent with others provided with much better care, procedure and follow up. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	Roger Haas is a very knowledgeble doctor, but most importantly the one who cares a lot about his patients. All our family is very happy with his practice.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
54	1	Extremely caring doctor, knows his medicine, spends time answering questions, and depth of knowledge beyond most medical professionals.  After seeing another specialist that did not spot a potential condition that I might have, he had some lab test ordered for a condition that only affects 1% of the population based on a hunch, and was right in identifying a condition that is very rare.  99% of other doctors would never have spotted that since only less than 1% population have it.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	1	Always kind and helpful.  He discovered thyroid disease when I went for an unrelated issue. He is patient, will phone you at home with lab results and will offer reasurance as needed.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	1	Dr. Haas is a very good doctor. My husband and I have been going there for how many years now and we've been really impressed with the way he takes care of us. He's very patient in answering our questions, very nice, and very thorough (rare quality nowadays with doctors). He and his receptionist are very accommodating and very quick to respond during emergencies. We highly recommend seeing this doctor as a primary care physician.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
55	1	While I'm sure Dr. Hanian is a competent dentist overall, he is definitely not meticulous nor is he a perfectionist thereby allowing minor imperfections to lead to other oral care problems. 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	Dr. Hanian and his staff are wonderful.  They make me feel calm from the moment I step into the office.  He is generally on-time and wait time is minimal.  His staff is knowledgeable and my cleanings are usually pain-free (and I am a baby when it comes to my mouth!)  I would recommend him to anyone!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	. The doctor follows through on all aspects of his work along with being very concerned about individual patients 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
55	1	Dr. Hanian is one of the best dentists in Princeton. He is excellent in his work and extremely knowledgeable. My whole family goes to him and fully trusts him. His staff is wonderful and considerate as well. We feel lucky to have such a good dentist. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	My sons have seen Dr.Halas since they were in primary grades, about 10 years ago. He's very knowledgeable, but if something concerns him and he isn't sure what it is wrong w/ the patient, he doesn't give up. He tries to find the answers and always listens to the parents. My sons saw other pediatricians before him and they weren't as good or caring as Dr.Halas.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
56	1	My family had a good relationship with Dr. Halas and his nurses until issues with one staff member had to be addressed. He was immediately rude and defensive before even hearing our side, an issue that could have been easily resolved. He blindly defended his receptionist and basically showed us the door. We predominantly used Dr. Csiky who was fantastic but I heard she left the practice. In light of that Dr. Halas is highly NOT recommended. 	1	4	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	he is great and always soo helpful. He sees you right away and at times has stayed late for my family.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
56	1	Ive been going to Dr pete since i was 2 years old..im 19 now so i really cant anymore, but all throughout the years he was amazing. He gets to know his patients and he makes the experience for kids a relaxed one and you can trust him with anything. Anything i ever went to him with was always treated very seriously and he narrowed out every possible reason for what was going on. AMazing doctor, amazing man, amazing staff, and great service.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
56	1	. The best!  Both of my kids love him and we have been with him since my oldest (13) was born! 	 2/27/08	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
56	1	Relaxed, willing to talk. Long standing practice. Brings in great Dr.'s to help when he needs it. Delays vax if you want and even advocates it. Goes out of his way. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	Dr. Pete is great as are any of the other doctors who have worked with him in his office. My son had some issues throughout his 5 years and they have always taken the time to answer my questions and never made me feel like the &quot;nervous parent&quot;. He is very thorough and every issue that we encountered has been remedied thanks to their persistence and knowledge.  This office is about 20 miles from my house but it is worth the extra mileage on my car! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
56	1	Excellent office, Dr Pete is THE BEST! He even sees really sick kids on his SUndays off! Love them 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	Dr. Halas is wonderful with my daughter and generally cares about his patients. I would reccommend him to anyone. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	Great dentist with feelings, knowledge and a sense of humor. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
57	0	not happy at all, would not go back,think they are better then they are. 	1	2	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
57	-1	not a good experience here...wont return as i was not happy with the service 	1	5	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
57	0	Beautiful office and clean but The Billing here is out of control. Beverly Hills prices in Somerset NJ. If money is no object than this dentist is just OK. Costs are astronomical. 	2	4	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
59	-1	I have Crohns disease, which is a very painful and horrible illness.I went to this doctor, and told him how bad I was doing and how much pain I was in and he accused me of only coming to him to try to get pain medication and told me he could not see me anymore. Needless to say I was shocked and appalled. I went to another doctor and got the right treatment and I have not been in pain for a long time. I would not recommend anyone go to this doctor.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
60	-1	i was not happy with dr hall, i switched doctors within the group.  i felt he was too quick to prescribe meds. 	2	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
60	-1	I had a bad experience with Dr. Hall on an annual check up. I was left in the waiting room for 45 minutes after my scheduled appointment and Dr. Hall seem very annoyed and rushed through my visit in less than 5 minutes. I had to inform him of the tests that needed to be performed and never received any follow up call from Dr. Hall on the results.I will no longer use Dr. Hall and would not recommend him to anyone seeking quality medical care.  	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Aetna
60	1	Dr. Hall is kind, considerate, respectful and attentive.  Seems to me to be very knowledgeable in his profession. I feel very comfortable in his care.  	 5/17/09	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
61	1	Dr. Haacker really takes his time with patients, he makes me feel very comfortable, he never tries to rush me out, and answers all my question.  I highly recommend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
61	1	I've had many doctors in New Jersey, but none of them even comes close to Dr. Haacker.  He's compassionate and caring.  I would recommend him to anyone.  He has helped me in several areas, and I feel comfortable discussing anything with hime.  	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
62	-1	It's been over one year post surgery by Dr. Haber for a bone spur and hammertoe...I still have pain...which comes and goes.  It looks like it will be permanent.  If I would've known this....I never would have used him as my surgeon.  It is NOT supposed to be like this.  Please do your research before surgery......I did not!!! 	2	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
62	-1	Think once, twice and three times before having surgery by Dr. Haber.  I didn't and my outcome was not good.  Minor surgery on a bone spur on the fourth toe has caused me daily discomfort--where before I had none.   My fifth toe (hammertoe), which he operated on at the same time, also causes me discomfort and doesn't lay flat to the ground!!  I regret my choice--EVERY DAY! 	2	3	3	1 	Insurance:Oxford
63	1	Great doctor very helpful i learned a lot from her. she told me things that i new already about my health and i'm glad she's my doctor.i work in the medicial field so i know what she was telling me was right.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
63	-1	I Went to this doctor and after a blood test she ordered she told me that I had a thyroid problem and needed medicine that I had to take for the rest of my life. I talked to the pharmacist about the medicine and he suggested that I see an endocrinologist.  When I told the doctor I would like to see a specialist she screamed at me and said I was 2nd guessing her &quot;I apologized to her&quot; and she just kept yelling at me and said if I wanted a second opinion get the referal from the pha**** and hung up on me. I was in shock Finally she said I could go see a specialist and I had to go to the office 3 times because they didn't do the referral right.  I went to the endocrinologist who said I didn't need medication and my thyroid is fine.  So glad I switched and found a great doctor. the staff was very rude there too. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	Dr Hagler is one of the BEST doctors i have ever been to. She is funny,sympathetic and a really nice person.She has an awesome bedside manner.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
64	1	I really loved Dr. Hamilton. Very personal and knowledgeable. The staff in the office was very helpful and friendly as well.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	-1	I feel that the doctor was unprofessional in discussing her personal situation, although it was probably a misguided attempt to appear friendly. My 'complete physical' was the least comprehensive that I have ever had and the GYN exam was the only time in my life that I found it extremely painful. Due to a history of serious health concerns, I have switched to a more experienced physician.  	2	4	2	2 	Insurance:Aetna
64	1	nice small town doctor. 		5	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	He is very professional and highly efficient. My son really likes hime. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	dr hages has a wonderful bedside manner. he makes both child and parent at ease. i would recommend him to any parent that is looking for a good pediatrician 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	Dr Hages is excellent, both my sons adore him and when they are sick, they actually ask if they can see him, in some cases demand to.   His staff is also excellent, and they make you feel very comfortable 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
67	1	Very nice doctor, loved by children and parents, loved by emploees..., experience and knowlege wise great, just perfect for your child care :) 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	We've been using Dr. Hages since my son was a baby. Having seen many other pediatricians, I know that Dr. Hages is one of the best. He always takes his time with us, and does not rush. When a specialist is required, he will refer one of the area's best.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	1	I went to Dr. Martin as a child and am about to take my daughter there for her first dental visit. I never remember being frightened in his office. He truly knows how to work with children. He is definitely a gift to all parents who bring their children to see him. I have not yet checked with my insurance company to see if he is in-network, but even if he is not, my daughter will be going to him. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	Exceptional demeanor with children. Really put my daughter (3) at ease and took the time to answer all our questions. High level of care and compassion with children.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
69	1	Great doctor, takes the time to listen and you never feel rushed.  Wonderful bedside manner and very efficient. I have children from ages 16, 12 and 4 months.  Very effective with all age groups.   If you don't have a permanent doctor, give her a shot she's wonderful! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
69	1	My daughter and I love Dr. Hall.  My daughter says she is her favorite doctor ever. Her new practice in Millburn is not crowded now but I expect it to be swamped in the future.  Dr. Hall is one of the most patient, kind and knowledgeable pediatricians I know.  My daughter is 15 and I am surprised she will continue to see a pediatrician.  She never wants to leave. Our last great pediatrician was her baby doctor in Brooklyn. Now we have Dr. Hall after using a few other pediatricians in NJ. I wish we had Dr. Hall when we first moved here.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
69	1	ok doctor.  her attitude intimitated my daughter.  Im trying a new doctor next time.  	3	4	3	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	1	Excellent Pediatrician. Wonderful bedside manner. Patient and compassionate.  Highly recommend! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
70	0	I first started using Dr Haberman because he accepted my insurance. Of all the Dr's I have used I keep coming back to Dr Haberman because I have found I get the best correction. The staff is nice, but the wait time is way too long and the waiting room is always full. 	5	1	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
70	-1	.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
70	-1	He doesn't do any of the work.  He shines a light in your eyes at the end and sends you on your way.  Never explains a thing about your condition, never even uttered the name of my condition.  I only found out the name of my conditionI from my test results paperwork I demanded.  Very condescending.  Could care less about your concerns.  He explains nothing.  In and out as quick as he can.  He doesn't work for his paycheck.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
70	1	VERY PROFESSIONAL AND KNOWLEDGEABLE OFFICE STAFF AND PHYSICIAN.  OFFICE IS MODERN AND SPOTLESS.  THE DOCTOR IS PERSONAL AND FANTASTIC.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:GHI
70	-1	Be forewarned that you will spend much more time with a variety of assistants than with Dr. Haberman.  He could care less.  Would never go back. 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
70	-1	Office is always packed. His teenage assistants measure your eyes for a prescription.  He only shines a light in you eyes to check for disease and sends you on your way.  Felt like a was on a long assembly line.  	3	2	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
70	1	Waiting room is ALWAYS packed. Office staff seems to run the place well enough, but it would be nice to have more personalized service from the doctor.  	4	3	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
70	0	Dr. Haberman seems very knowledgeable and office looks very nice.  The problem is that because he has too many patients he only sees you for 1 (one) minute..if you are lucky.  It is probably less than that. All the work is done by assistance.. personalized service&#63; zero 	1	2	2	3 	Insurance:Aetna
70	0	Staff was not personable at all.  Doctor was very condescending in his comments.  Would not refer any family or friends to his practice.  	1	1	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
71	1	Dr. Haag is an excellent Physician, He listens and is kind and caring, I have been with him for 13 years and whenever i needed him he was right there to help. I will always be greatful for him and would highly recommend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
71	1	Dr Haag is the best family doctor I have ever had. He cares and is up to date on current medical care. I wish more doctors would want to be like him. He cares about his patients and puts them first. I am blessed to have him as my doctor. 	 5/18/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
71	1	He is very helpful and caring for my entire family.  He has been my doctor for over 30 years 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
71	1	The best there is ! He is carring and knowledable. There is not one better ! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
72	-1	Dr Halperin is basically useless. I sent a letter to my ins company asking they do not pay him. He is extremely closed minded and actually wrote a book about lyme that he knows nothing about. One day someone is going to sock him with a big malpractice suit. He cost me months of suffering 	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
72	-1	Dr John Halperin happens to be the most condescending person that I've ever come into contact with.  He had absolutely no knowledge of Lyme disease, which is why I was referred to him in the first place.  After making me go through a sobriety test and flashing a light in my eyes, he diregarded any symptoms I had as 'in my head' and told me that all signs pointed to anxiety and depression.  This couldn't be further from the truth and two weeks on I still await my blood results 	5	3	1	1 	Insurance:Oxford
72	-1	This man is a victim of his own arrogance and ignorance. If Lyme is so easily cured, let him be infected, let it go untreated for several years, then see how well he is doing. He is not to be trusted, as he long ago lost any semblance of an open,curious mind. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
72	0	pleasant, referred me to the correct specialist.he was okay 	5	4	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
72	-1	Dismissive and condescending. Without empathy or care. 	3	2	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
72	-1	I travelled from Canada to see this doctor, while he was still practicing on Long Island, NY. I suspected I might have Lyme disease. Was told by him that for all intents and puposes it was all in my head, that I was suffering from depression. Not long after, I found a Lyme-literate doctor who co-ordinated a test with the specialized tick-borne illness lab Igenex, and my results came back positive. I think unless you have had Lyme for 20+ years and have obvious lesions on the brain, this doctor will not be helpful in diagnosing. 		3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
73	-1	I Think Dr.Hahn is selective on who he applies his expert medical skills on,i myself never felt comfortable with him and i had other doctors for 20+years with no problem,i would dread the monthly visit begging him to help me with my pain levels due to huge celittulus and open nerve endings,as i tried to explain my pain and my home health care nurse spoke with him as well, he made me feel like a junkie and at times would not even look at me he would talk to me as he was reading his clipboard if not for his wonderful staff headed by Collen i would probably have left the office crying,and then i get a letter in the mail stating i am dismissed from the program without any reason given to me,well my primary physician found me a doctor who takes very good care of me,very good,i almost cry in the office being blessed with a doctor who understands my plight,so i guess when one door close another one opens Dr.Hahn kicked a innocent person 2 the curb,I'm sure he still sleeps good at night......  	5	5	1	2 	Insurance:Aetna
73	-1	Dr. Hahn is a pessimist. He always has a doom and gloom attitude. He's quick to hand out pain medicine rather than find other treatments to help. His staff is rude and I've waited over an hour to see him. The other doctors in the UMDNJ building are great; but there are other pain management people in the area you can see that will give you better care.  :[ 	2	1	2	2 	Insurance:Aetna
73	1	Dr. Hahn is excellent I have recommened him to several of my friends, he is extremely knowledgeable and does not give up on you like a few of my previous Dr.'s did. He has always looked out for me even when it is not the specific reason I am seeing him but still related to my health. I highly recommend him as a top doc in my book.   Thanks 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
73	1	Dr. Hahn is a wonderful doctor. He Performed my EMG on me diagnosed some of my problem and never gave up on me. He then referred me to Dr. Gupta who diagnosed my Sacorilac joint injury. They never gave up on me even though the workmans comp doctor, DR. PONZIO told me there was nothing wrong with me. It took this group of Talented fine doctors who take their title of Doctors seriously. They have concern and respect for their patients. I would recommend Dr. Hahn, Dr. Duffy, Dr. Gupta, and Dr. Channell to anyone.  Thank you all so Much!!!! Marlene Masi 	 7/9/07	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
74	-1	I would agree with the previous comment. I had to go for another opinion. 	5	5	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
74	-1	I went to him for shoulder pain and foot pain...He said nothing wrong with me and let it go at that.  I beleive that I did not need surgery and he just didn't care about me.  I am now seeing another doctor and he has been quite helpful.  All together he was a waste of time.  	 3/8/08	5	4	1	Insurance:Medicare
75	1	. excellent 	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:GHI
76	1	Dr. Hammond was the doctor who delivered my daughter and since then I have been a patient of hers (used to see one of the other docs). I have a medical issue and see her everytime. She is extremely caring and never rushes me through the MANY questions I have when I'm there. The nurses always seem to keep me calm no matter what the reason for the appt. I cannot recommend her any more strongly! She does get booked up quickly, but the staff will tell you what date the next open calendar month will be available so you can call and be sure to get in with her. This is to be helpful, not to deter you from the office. I have had both the RN and Dr. Hammond call me in regards to my questions. If Dr. Hammond is busy with patients, the RN discusses my questions with her and lets me know the Drs decision. This has never been an issue for me at all.  	 8/4/11	5	4	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
76	1	Dr. Hammond delivered my daughter, and I highly recommend her; she is my favorite doctor at this practice; professional, but warm and friendly and sympathetic. I found the staff to be highly attentive and caring as well. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
76	0	I was a patient of Dr. Hammond for many years.  I went away to school and when I came back home I called to make an appointment and since it had been a while since I had been there they said I was considered a new patient &amp; that she doesn't take new patients.  She was a good doctor and I have a condition that she only knows about, yet she can not see me.  This is not only extremely upsetting, but disappointing as well. 	1	3	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
76	-1	Have been Dr. Hammond's patient for 15 years. I'm relatively young and had no medical problems. It has been hard to get appointments with Dr. Hammond and she never calls you back, it's always her RN. When you get to see you, she is nice but brief. I always left with a feeling &quot;that's it... Was this worth all my waiting&quot;. 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
76	-1	Never seen a nastier stuff than Dr. Hammond's office. They act like Gods and you never get through to a doctor. You are lucky if you get a phone call back from her RN. Appointments have to be made 4 month ahead and you have to call a certain day of a month to make an appointment. In case you need to change your appointment they make you call back on a &quot;right day&quot; and make another appointment 4 month away. 	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
76	-1	I'm sure she's a great doctor but it felt like a mill.  It seems they are more interested in the money as opposed to patient care.  I tried to ask the doctor a question about my medication and the RN barked at me and said only my pharmacist could answer my question.  I wish I had a better experience like everyone else but have decided to switch to a different practice that cares about my needs. 	3	4	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
76	1	This practice is the best around and Dr. Hammond is fantastic.  She really cares about her patients.  She has a friendly, easy-going bedside manner and always makes me feel comfortable.  Even during my very first visit with her, she made me feel like I had known her for years.  She answered all my stupid &quot;first-time mom&quot; questions without making me feel the least bit foolish.  She delivered my daughter and make me feel safe and calm throughout the delivery.  I love Dr.  Hammond - wish I could give her more than a &quot;5&quot;! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
76	1	Always concerned about her patients. In my case, she recommended an oncologist, and offered to assist him in the follow up surgery so it could be done at the hospital of my choice. She really CARES about her patients. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
76	1	Dr. Hammond is a doll. She is very, very bright and gentle. She delivered my son. She made everything from start to finish the best that she could. She is calm and very kind.  She is the best! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
76	1	I am both an R.N. and a patient. She is kind, compassionate, and at the top of her game. The best I have ever dealt with both personally and professionaly.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
76	1	I love this Dr. Although she used to see me once a yr, she remembers the details of my life and asks me about them. She is open minded and I never felt uncomfortable to tell her anything about my sex life so I can get the proper treatment. I wish I never moved so far, I would still go to her. She was the best I have seen and I have seen many before her and after her. Highly recommended.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
76	1	Very professional, takes time wth her patients. Does not feel like a conveyer-belt office. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
77	1	Dr is a lovely person and very kind and caring. Staff is good about referrals, refills, etc. Very busy practice and time is an issue - schedule two patients per time slot and you can often have to wait up to 45 minutes to 1 hour to actually see the Dr.  	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	-1	UNPROFECIONAL DOCTOR VERY BAD DO NOT KNOW WHAT HE DOING 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
78	-1	It's people like this that make people hate dentist! 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	She makes u feel so c omfortable .u'll feel like u r talking 2 ur best friend and u can ask her anything and she will explain everything and gives the best treatment...even u can call her up if u need any prescription immediately or refills and u'll hear frm her immediately.Same is the case with the other staffs..very courteous.She si the best never in rush...u can trust her and she understands frm the patient's point of view.I wud recommend her 2 anyone... 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	In 2002 Dr Hallit impressed me with her determination in helping me get through my back issue. Her one person staff M.A. was kind, Professional and they worked so well together. I felt as though i was in  a different time zone. She spent more than enough time with me. Her exam rooms were always clean and the assistant Jean was just  a joy to talk to. We need more offices like hers.  	5	5	5	4 	Insurance:CIGNA
80	1	Dr. Hallit was kind and compassionate and spent ample time with me to understand the issue.  I avoid going to doctors and she made me want to be more proactive with my health.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
80	1	Dr. Hallit is wonderful. I'm usually so scared of going to doctors, but she is so friendly and really listens to your questions. The office staff is great too.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
81	1	Dr. Haimowitz is an excellent doctor, but he is part of a TERRIBLE practice. I always felt that my two daughters (3 years and 10 months) were in good hands with him when they are healthy. However, when they are sick they never get to see Dr. Haimowitz. Instead they see a rotation of doctors who know nothing about the child's history and don't really even bother to check the chart. I brought my 3 year old recently for three different sick visits all within 6 weeks and got three different diagnoses from three different doctors. The last doctor claimed she had asthma, which couldn't be further from the truth. This doctor prescribed a nebulizer, steroid and anti-inflammatory with hypertensive side effects. This doctor barely spent 10 minutes with my daughter. It was enough to make me change pediatricians. I never filled the prescriptions because I was not willing to take this doctor's word for it. Please be weary of Pediatric Affiliates.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
81	1	We love love LOVE Dr. Haimowitz. He always gives you and your child ALL of his attention. When it comes to finding a specialist for our daughter; he treats it as if he was finding a doctor for his own child. He is genuine, extreamly attentive, and gentle. I always tell my friends and family to see him when they are looking for a pediatrician that knows what he is doing. He is involved with Pediatric Affiliates. The entire group is full of talented doctors. However, we chose Dr. Haimowitz over all because he has always been so amazing with our daughter who has special needs. If you want a doctor who knows what he is doing and will always take wonderful care of your family as a whole...Dr. Haimowitz is the doctor for you! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	He is very good with kids, easy to talk to and he listens to your concerns and takes what you say seriously. He does not dismiss anything and will take the time to discuss any concerns you may have.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
82	-1	I was not happy with  her. I really doubt about the excellent reviews I see here. I am not going back to her.  	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
82	-1	i do not recomend. have been going there for 2 + years (did nt much of an option and it is closer to my place)  Pros : (close to my place- personal pro) It is good if you visit only once a year for general check ups.    Cons:  Dr. will never return calls. (even if you leave 2 - 3 messages). It is very fustrating esp on weekends when you are not well (but you dont need to go to the ER). When you just want to speak to your Dr. when office is close and you are not well - you are on your own. 	1	4	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
82	-1	points me to a lab which is not covered by the insurance and asked me to do some tests which are not related to my illness.  	1	2	1	3 	Insurance:Aetna
82	1	Dr Hamsa G. is a great docter...I don't feel rushed. I can set my appt around my schedule. She has great bedside manner.... I'm glad I chose her:) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
82	1	she is very knowledgeable doctor and takes her time to examine and listening to your problems. she does not rush at all.  She tells you even minor things that can effect a person in future and what to do about it.  i went to other doctors and would look at my blood report and say its all good.  I went to her and she told me 5 things that can effect my future health, so now i'm doing something about it to make sure those things do not happen.  Amazing doctor.. finally found someone who will advice you right.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
82	1	Dr is very knowledgable and very helpful.  Even minor details she will tell you so you can take note of it and do something about it.  amazing doctor, staff are very friendly.  she schedule patient so you don't have to wait too long.    I have been with her for 8 months, i really like her as doctor 	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Aetna
82	1	Excellent service. Doctor did not rush and spend time listening & answer all my queries. I would recommend her to others.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
82	1	Yes i agree with the other person who said she spends appropriate amount of time, and she takes you when ever you have an emergency and even if you call her you can actually get her on the phone even when her office is closed. And having the experince of going to my previous Doctor in Oak Tree Road, I would say she is surely better and i made the right choice.  	5	5	4	4 	Insurance:Aetna
82	1	Excellent Doctor, very proffessional. I Like that she spent an approriate amount of time with me, never rushed me. I feel like I can rely on her for my healthcare decisions. I strongly recommend her to anybody.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
83	1	An outstanding physician who is highly trained, very skilled and experienced. She is very familiar with my history when I'm there for an appointment, which is very reassuring.  Dr. H. is very thorough and patient, and a very nice person as well.  	 9/18/08	5	4	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
84	1	She is the best.  She cares about her patients, their health and well being.  Whenever uncertain, she got another opinion or referred you.  She is now at UMDNJ and I miss her.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
84	1	excellent, she is the kind of doctor you need.  one of the best 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
84	1	Terrific doctor.  I agree with the concerns about the excessive waits, but I bring a book or work to the office.  She is a nice person and a caring and talented doctor who is very highly respected.  	3	2	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
84	0	She shares her office with another physician. The waiting room is very small and crowded. It is not wheelchair accessible. She is rarely on time for her appointments. She is methodical, slow and exacting. I like her but the wait can be problematical. 		1	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	Dr. Haggarty may well be an excellent doctor, medically speaking, but the waits in her office are just unconscionable. I suspect that the staff triple-books (at least) appointments. I don't think any doctor is worth the wait! 		1	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	Dr. Rose Ann is fantastic with my kids.  She is very kind and helpful and explained to them exactly what was going on before anything was done.  She came highly recommended from a family member who takes her kids there.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
85	-1	My daughter saw Dr. RoseAnn at Howell Family Dental. Howell Family Dental is wonderful but this doctor should not be working with children at all!!! There have been numerous complaints about her at their facility and if they are smart they will cut her loose. I will be filing a complaint with their corporate office. The first time I met this woman she strolled in the room with a bag of Burger King and a surgical mask on so I could'nt even see her face (really professional when meeting a new patient). She barely spoke to my daughter (the patient) to make her feel at ease and comfortable. Then proceeded to tell me that she has cavities and needs them filled. She was short and rude. Told me not to give my 5yr old candy which of course any normal parent can laugh at. Children eat candy and its the parents job to keep it in moderation, but no candy is an extreme and also unrealistic. She spoke to me in a judgmental manner which I found to be disrespectful. Dont let your child see this woman! 	5	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
85	1	excellent pediatric dentist!!!  she was excellent with my two children and they keep asking when can we go back&#63; 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	I have been under Dr. Haidri's care for over five years for neck injuries. From a doctor to patient perspective, he takes the time to listen and provides information back to me in a way I could understand. Dr. Haidri has practiced in the field of Neurology for many years which is evidenced by his ability to diagnose and treat my condition. I have and will continue to recommend Dr. Hadri. I am thankful someone referred me to him at the time I sustained my injury. 	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	the staff is great, but dr haidri is horrible, he doesn't listen to a word that you say and he only talks about him self. i would never go back to this doctor again, complete waste of my time 	5	1	3	5 	Insurance:Unknown
86	-1	I would bet he never graduated medical school. Everytime I went he would use this questionaire on his computer to try and diagnose me, which he never cured my headaches. He doesn't let you speak or tell him what you think is wrong. He easily made thousands off my insurance company for doing NOTHING.  He's a thief! 	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
86	-1	$75 so far. this one will tell you to come in for 'follow up' for any little reason, just to rip off your insurance. front desk staff - either following his instructions and pretending or just a slow in the head numbskull. my last 'follow up' was necessary to tell me my test results were normal.  why cant insurance companies put a stop to these scammers&#63;! 	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Aetna
87	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
87	0	Doesn't return phone calls to a patient that has been with him for 7 months. (I'm sure he returns phone calls to some of his talk radio celebrity friends.)  If I did that to people in my profession, I wouldn't last too long.  Only gives you part of the scenario - complete alternatives should be spelled out after a few visits.  One must be his own doctor to discover other modalities and methods of treatment. Typical treatment for plantar fasciitis - a cortisone shot, and &quot;see you in six weeks.&quot;  Biggest criticism is not his expertise, but his deportment and demeanor.  Sometimes,aloof and unapproachable.  You would think this would not be, after waiting 30-40 minutes, first in the waiting room, and then in the examination room.  A disappointing expereince - and I still have the condition.  	3	1	2	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
87	1	He was amazing. I went to Doctor Haber for my Fungal Toe Nails and in just 6 short weeks had had the fungus gone. he knew what he was doing the whole time. Now I'm ready for next summer and my next Caribbean vacation 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
88	-1	Dr. Haber is the most overpriced and overrated dentist.  Al he cares about is how much he gets paid. He does a fine job at dentistry but his prices are outrageous. In addition, his receptionists and other staff members are extremely rude. .He may sound great on paper but I recommend finding a new doctor.  	1	2	1	3 	Insurance:Delta Dental
88	1	He is amazing. I had a very hard wisdom tooth surgery and he was amazing.  He was very honest and truly upfront about what may happen and why he was doing the surgery in a certain way.  I have reccomended him to many people.  He personally returned phone calls etc.  Very impressed. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	. One of the most carring and best dr ive been to 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
90	1	Very knowledgeable. She diagnosed me correctly and the medication she prescribed helped me with my infection in a day. She also suggested some home remedies that I could try to avoid future infections. Very nice and understanding.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
91	-1	Dr. Hamada wanted me to take a lot of medication.  I took it and I wasn't feeling well.  I went to another doctor to get another opinion... the second doctor looked at my test results and ordered one extra test.  He felt that based on my past test reults and the new test he gave me, the second doctor felt that meds was not the first course of action.  I am doing much better off the meds on following the treatment advice of the second doctor.  In my opinion, Dr. Hamada seems to stress medicine and not other treatments... for example he never told me to lose weight.. he never weighed me... he gave me a huge lecture about needing medication.  The symptoms he was treating with numerous meds are now all improved without the meds following the other doctors treatment plan. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
91	-1	He was the attending physician for my grandmother while at Holy Name Hospital. He was awful. He is frequently confused by both patient status and proper diagnosis. He has twice given false diagnoses even after speaking with specialists. He missed my grandmother's stroke while in the hospital and gave her blood thinners without monitoring her internal bleeding. She almost died. Even after neurologist diagnosed her with a stroke, he refused to acknowledge it for almost a week.  Then he treated her for pneumonia she didn't have. He only calls back when you threaten legal action and his staff is alternating apologetic and rude. We had him removed from her case. I wouldn't send my worst enemy to him.  	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
91	-1	Wait is always at least an hour.  Couple of his staff are rude, but nothing unusual from the norm.  Dr. Hamada started falling asleep while meeting with him to diagnose my condition (this occurred in couple of instances).  He is obviously not sleeping enough and staying alert which should be concerning to all of his patients.  He seems knowledgeable, but hard to tell since he doesn't explain thoroughly.  He has asked me about my education back ground and have told him that I have an engineering degree, yet he speaks to me as if I'm a 5 year old.  Every time I go see him, he has no idea who I am nor recalls any of the details of my diagnosis.  I'm now looking for a new cardiologist.  	3	3	1	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
91	1	Wonderful Dr., you will get the correct diagnosis and treatment. The staff, especially the rude, crass, abrupt persons that work behind the desk and answer the phomes, are horrendous.  	1	1	5	5 	Insurance:GHI
91	1	Je''s ,as noted before,with the Emergimed and sometimes the wait is long even with appointments.  He''s a wonderful doctor and wouldn''t go to anyone else. Very thorough but overworked at times. 	4	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	Listens and hears even beyond what your saying. Thoughtful, straight shooter, no bull. Takes each step with you and your best health needs a 1st priority.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
91	1	Dr. Hamada is a great diagnostisian. He is a very knowledgeable, no non-sense doctor. Unfortunatelly, because he is a part of Emergimed clinic that accepts walk-ins, you end up waiting for 2 hours, even if you have an appointment. Fortunatelly, they are open on the weekends and late on weekdays. 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	Doctor Handler, although no longer in this office location is one of the best! She takes the time and then some with you so if you end of waiting a little longer to see her you never mind it. She goes above and beyond. She has treated many of my family members and was the first doctor that already knew the entire medical history prior to our first meeting. She takes the time to read the information provided in advance. Couldn't ask for a better doctor! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	Dr. Handler now runs Sicklerville Family Care with Lourdes Medical Associates.  416 Sicklerville Road,  Sicklerville NJ @ 856-629-8186 Wonderful, knowledgable &amp; caring 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
92	1	Dr. Handler is the best Dr. I ever had. She always makes sure that you are heard and she truly cares for her patients. She has moved to sickelerville and I followed her. Once you find a good Dr. you dont let them go! I have cronic back pain and any time I go to her she never makes me feel like other Doctors have like I am seeking narcotics, she knows I am looking to stop my pain and remain a good mother to my children. You cant put a price on feeling safe with your doctor. I hope she knows how much I appreciate her and the comfort she gives me. Look her up you will not be dissapointed. Thank you Doctor Handler! Laura 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	I was able to make an oppiontment on the day that i called. I didnt wait past the time i was schedule as I have with other doctors.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
92	1	Unlike many doctors these days, Dr. Handler spends time with her patients.  I have never felt hurried or rushed, and she answers all of my questions.  She recognized that I needed to see a specialist for a problem, and recommended someone who has helped me a lot.  I recommend her highly.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
93	1	Dr. Hammer is extremely caring and compassionate he does psychotherapy which is so rare for a psychiatrist these days. He has a lot of different areas of expertise and is always there for his patients when needed, highly recommended!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
94	1	I see  his partner  dr zukoff and but now I see hakim too. He is knowledgeable , kind and caring.   Love him and the practice is exceptional!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
94	-1	Caused me to lose my disability by giving flippant responses to the disability insurance company, even though he was the one to agree to write me out of work.  He doesn't seem to know how to handle my condition so acts like it is my fault that I don't feel 100%.  Even though I stated I was in a lot of pain, he didn't order an x-ray - or send me for physical therapy, which after seeing another doctor, he did and it helped.  Staff started following suit with dismissive treatment.  Won't go back. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
94	-1	I guess he is OK if you have a cold or sore throat and need someone to prescribe an antibiotic.  Seems to live and die by lab results and not how you are feeling...even if results are out of range, he says it is still OK.  Usually writes symptoms off or attibutes them to a virus.  Doesn't dig deeper if there could be a more difficult diagnosis.  I started seeing him because the website for the practice indicated they are somewhat progressive (i.e. more natural treatments, etc.), but that is not what I have experienced after numerous visits.  I am looking for another doctor who will do more that give me &quot;...awwww, that's too bad you aren't feeling good&quot; sad faces and then send me on my way.  	4	4	1	2 	Insurance:Aetna
94	0	I tried calling to schedule an appointment and the staff was very rude to me on the phone. Even though I am asking to come in to see this physician, it is not a privilege you are granting to me, but a service that I am coming to you for. With bad service, people won't come. It's not hard to be polite, but obviously it was too much to ask of the person I spoke to. I will never try calling them again. (I only chose Punctuality, Helpfulness &amp; Knowledge b/c you cannot submit rating without it.) 	1	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
94	1	Dr. Hakim is a really nice and knowledgeable doctor. I would highly recommend him.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
95	1	Dr Handler is the best pediatrician in the area. I have been with him for 20 years and has treated three children wonderfully. He knows when to treat with meds and when not to.  He also cares about the kids.  He has seen my children for normal and not so normal things and has always referred to the best collegues even if that meant going out of state.  He is the old fashioned doc that parents need when there kid is very sick. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
95	0	Not hugely impressed, but adequate. 	3	2	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
96	1	gentel,makes me feel as I'm his top priorty but other patients that are friends of mine say the same thing. Dr. Hammer is informative beyond for my dental health care, supports vitamins &amp; exercise for healthy care to prevent serious dental problems.  I've already given referrals 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
97	1	Dr. Haddad is extremely caring and patient. I am not generally rushed during the appointment. He is sincere and actually seems to worry about you if you have something wrong. He works late when needed to be able to call patients for results which shows devotion. He is not quick to push drugs or invasive tests if there are other routes to try first though he does like to be cautious and make sure you get the right tests to rule things out. He values the patient - doctor relationship greatly and likes to help find out the root to the problem. Wonderful doctor and person. The staff is great too...  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
97	1	Doctor shows ability to go beyond the expected norm to properly diagnose many health issues.  He seems to be informed of the latest medical study results.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
98	1	New patient and so far, I am pleased.  Since we are new in NJ we went to see her. She asked when the last time I had XRays.  I couldn't remember so she called my dentist in CT to find out because she knew my coverage would only cover it once a year.  She does have a secretary that not good at her job; calling and giving me with my reminder with the wrong time.  Even when I told her that I had the card in front of me with the time she told me I was incorrect. When for got to the office I was told I was 15 minutes late.  A second time she sent out appointment card with not only the wrong time but the wrong date.  	2	5	5	4 	Insurance:Delta Dental
98	-1	I didn't have the best experience with you.  Yes she was friendly and the staff was nice, but I did not care for her work.  I have since switched to a new dentist who I feel does a much better job and isn't Drill Happy...  	5	5	2	2 	Insurance:Delta Dental
98	1	Dr. Han is a very friendly and professional dentist.  We used to go to a family member, but switched to Dr. Han, and are we glad we did.  She is very thorough and cares about you and is very particular about her work.  We highly recommend Dr. Han.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
98	1	What a wonderful dentist. Considerate, always asks if your ok or hurting. Can not say enough about her. Cares very much about the quality of her work.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
98	1	Dr.Han is an excellent dentist. She has a very cordial and friendly chairside manner. She is flexibel in her ours and is available for emergencies. She was painless, even through a root canal. She is very knowledgable and always lookiing for new products and technology to improve her practice. BEST DENTIST I HAVE EVER BEEN TO. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
99	1	Dr.Hancock and his Staff were so kind and generous. I will recommend his to all of my friends. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
100	1	very knowledable &amp; helpful with tired eyes 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
