dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	One of the best physicians I have dealt with.  Takes great time explaining everything and making me feel comfortable.  He has helped countless friends and family including my daughter who feels the same way.  I have been seeing him for 15 years and refuse to see anyone else.  I can appreciated the wait since he definately spends time with his patients, unlike my opthomologist who only sees me for 5 minutes each visit.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
1	0	If you have knowledge about your pre existing condition DO NOT GO TO THIS DOCTOR.  He does not consult with other doctors and has no problem not relieving  your pain until HE finds a solution, regardless of whether countless others concur with diagnostic results.  	3	1	1	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	1	He is a very good doctor with excellent bedside manner.  Wait time in office is too long (HOURS)but this is because Dr. Mahmood does take his time and spends about 30 minutes with each patient.  	5	1	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	0	Does not return calls. Office staff is very neglectfull and uncaring. Does not follow thorough on what they say. The wait in the waiting wrong is unbearable. HOURS!!!!! I'M DONE - i AM GOING TO A NEW DOCTOR.  	1	1	2	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	1	Good doctor when in office. Takes time to explain in detail. Hard to get a hold of office when need prescriptions, test resuklts and information.  Needs more or new office staff 	1	1	3	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	-1	I took my grandmother to go see Dr. Madhiwala for a routine eye check up. This doctor was unbelievably rude and she showed up late. Upon asking her how much longer she would be because she was attempting to see four patients all at once she abruptly became rude and addressed me to be a child and sarcastic. I have never met such an unprofessional doctor in my life.  I would NOT recommend for any one to see her. Her demeanor was very condescending and disrespectful. Overall a very bad experience I don't plan on going to see her ever again. 	4	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	Overall, this is a wonderful practice!!!I recommend this location.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	I had implants, bone grafts and other extensive procedures performed by Dr. Maldado.  This was all viturally pain free with great results.  Based on my experience, Dr.  Maldanado is quite wonderful and I would give him the highest recommendation! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
3	1	Got my tooth extracted and also got a screw placed in a couple months later ,the extraction was almost painless. Dr. Benjamin was professional, very skillfull, and knowledgable in his work.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
3	1	His work is excellent - minimal pain, no complications, and a very caring and friendly practitioner.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
4	-1	This doctor is a quack. He prescribes meds too liberally and will not send people to specialists. 	2	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	I'm so happy that I go here. I have never gone anywhere else because it's just so convenient for me at Dr. Magness' Office. I truly appreciate everything they do for us women. I couldn't ask for any better. My mother also goes to her and I have never heard a complaint. They are so convenient with appointments and times. You get there and are seen within minutes. The time management is great. Hospitality is so important and they have it. My privacy is very important to me and I never hear any of the staff talking about other patients. That means the world to me. I had an IUD put in me and yes it hurt but I really felt the compassion of the stuff during and after the procedure. I love the reminders of the my annual exam and the phone calls. It helps when your life is busy. I can't say anything negative about Dr. Magness or her staff. In fact all things said are positive and I hope that others will feel comfortable with Dr. Magness and her helpful staff.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
6	1	Cool,likeable guy. Professional, very knowledgeable, but also laid back and puts you at ease. Right ontime for appointment. Small office, but has latest equipment. Staff was warm and helpful. Billing was accurate.  A+, 3 visits 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	1	Dr Mack is very thorough and friendly. I give him my full recommendation.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
6	1	I used to see Dr Mack when he worked in Freehold. I always thought he was a great doctor. Im so glad I followed him to his new office in West Long Branch. It is not far from his old office and the office is much friendlier. He performed my cataract surgeries and I see wonderfully. I recommend everyone have Dr Mack as your Eye Doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
6	-1	I think this dr doesn't hear you. He wants to make you wear glasses then come back & pay for contacts a few wks later. It seems to me that its all about money & the frame prices were very expensive.  I won't go back & feel if I wanted contacts then thats what I should have gotten! 	1	3	1	3 	Insurance:CIGNA
7	1	I have been to numerous dentists, due to the fact I do not have insurance. Not only was the staff very friendly but Dr. Ma herself was sweet and EXTREMELY fair priced and I would recommend  her to everyone. She was also timely and worked efficiently so I wasn't there for two hours. I was so pleased to find a wonderful dentist that doesn't take advantage of people who are uninsured. Natalie 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	SHE IS THE DEFINITION OF A GREAT DR!TWO THUMBS UP! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	Very compassionate doctor as well as a compassionate person.  The best in his field.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	1	The staff is very rude.  It is a shame because the doctor is excellent and I have been going to her for 10 years. They changed an appointment on me 2 times and I was very accomodating.  When I needed to change my appointment they told me if I cancel I will have to wait a long time for my next appointment.  What am I uppose to tell my child.  They scheduled a flu shot when I got there the office was closed.  No one ever called to tell me.  	1	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
10	1	This doctor is difficult to get into due to limited hours. My friends and I who used her found it challenging to get in because we work and there are not many evening hours. (for example-She closes at 1:00 on Fridays.)I also had trouble with the billing staff. I would always pay my co-pay up front. I later on two occasions got billed for this amount. I had paid in cash so I had no proof. I tried talking to the woman who handled this and she became very nasty. I ended up paying twice. I have now switched to a practice with more hours of service.  	2	3	3	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	0	. unhelpful, Rude and disgusting person!! Never use her!! 	2	2	1	4 	Insurance:CIGNA
11	1	Wonderful, caring, professional dentist. Would highly recommend him and the office staff as well. Thumbs up.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
12	1	. very helpful , knowledgable and takes his time, iwould recommend him to any one 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	1	I am 30 years old and I had other doctors but he is different he really cares about all his patient. He is the best doctor! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	Lovely, sincere doctor that truly values his patients and time. Very caring and kind.  Excellent people skills! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
13	-1	.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
13	1	. listens to patient; thinks outside the box and didnt push medication for my cholesterol; gave me instruction about diet and supplements first 	3	3	4	4 	Insurance:Aetna
13	0	Dr. Magnusen is very nice, but doesn't seem to know much.  I went to her for lower back pain and after seeing me for less than 5 min, (and with out any tests done), she said she thought I might need back surgery!  I went to another Dr. and found I just needed orthotics for my shoes.  I don't use her practice any more...the last time I went , I had to wait almost 2 hours.  	1	1	2	3 	Insurance:Aetna
13	-1	Always behind schedule, doesn't listen well or show any concern, even for children.  Loves to simply hand out rx for amoxicillin and send you on your way whether you need it or not 	4	1	1	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
13	1	Dr is good, does not rush. She listens to what you say. Very calming. Her nurse assistant is also very nice. But office does not manage well, too many appointments for the same time. Always a long wait. Good day if you only have to wait 30 minutes after your scheduled appointment. 	3	1	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	a very good doctor 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	Dr. MacFarlane is a very intelligent, knowledgable dentist. Every visit I know I can put my trust in him to take care of any dental issues and have confidence that he will give me the best treatment necessary. It's upsetting to see people have negative comments about him, when he is just doing his job. If it were true he were ripping people off then he wouldn't be able to have this career and the amount of successful for so long. You can tell he is very passionate about his job and has very close relationships with every patient here. Every visit I feel very comfortable that I know he's going to give me the best treatment. 	 2/14/12	4	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
14	-1	. Do NOT go to this dentist he is ALL about money-  left me in terrible pain and with infections on a tooth that I believe did not need work- will NOT forward my x-rays although ins co paid for them- so I can get 2nd opinion- am waiting to go to an endodontist to -hopefully -CORRECT the mess he made on my tooth- please choose someone else if you want to take care of your teeth- unless you have unlimited $- 	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	Dr. MacFarlane was very knowledgable about my smile and what had to be done to make my smile better. He whitened my teeth and changed a few fillings and reshaped them.  He made an old man look young again. 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	-1	he does work on patients like a filling when they dont need it he rips them off by charging for stuff that insurance covers.All his patients always have pain after he works on there teeth and his answer is a root canal, why because he messed up on the tooth and by doing a root canal he takes out the nerve so theres no more pain. and he makes alot more money on a root canal. he will also tell you that you need a crown, when you may just need a filling. stay away from this man unless you wanna waste your money and end up in pain. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	Great experience and Dr. was very patient and genre! I will be back! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	Excellent Dentist and wonderful staff! I have been going to Dr. Malcolm for years. She takes the time to do a great job each and every time! She truly cares about her patients.  I highly recommend her! 	 4/18/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Delta Dental
15	1	Wonderful staff, excellent attention to detail.  Always pelasant and helpful.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	-1	$750 to repair a chipped tooth&#63;  What a rip off!!!  They are rude and overpriced.  Go somewhere else! 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
15	1	Dr.Malcolm makes you feel comfortable, no rush, very compassionate.  Love the print outs they give you on work to be done~!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
15	1	Very good with making one feel comfortable and very knowledgable about her craft.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
15	1	great dentist, great office! I was very pleased with the work i had done.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
15	1	Dr. Malcolm and her staff are awesome, and I highly recommend to anyone that you stop by and give her and the staff a chance to work on your teeth.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
15	1	I have to say I was impressed with this dr. and her staff. I needed a root canal and she did a great job! no pain. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	She is an awsome dentist. I drive from Philadelphia to NJ to see her. She's worth the drive.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
15	1	great dentist. knowledgeable and very caring. her staff was equally as helpful. pleasant. easy to talk to 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	I had not been to the dentist in many years. After visiting this office I saw how much dentistry has changed. This doctor is high tech!I felt relaxed in her chair. She did a great job on my teeth. I can't say enough about what a great experience I had at her office. Not only was the doctor great, her staff was wonderful also. I highly recommend Dr.  Malcolm! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
15	1	Very good service. Nice office. I found the dentist very patient and caring. I highly recommend this office.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
16	0	staff not caring, seems that they are only doing their job without caring for others. Dr. Maddali is good, patient, and cares for the patients; but the new staff is worst 	1	1	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	I was unsure about Dr. Madalli at first.  She took over for Dr. Michael Tillem who became ill and she took over the practice.  At first she seemed a little unsure of herself; however, she is alot better now.  What I like about her is she really seems to care and takes the time to give you advice.  She doesn't rush you out the door.  What she needs in that office is a dynamic person to be her office manager.  The people she has working there are not at all personable - although they are not nasty either.  She is a knowledgable and competent doctor, so don't be put off by her staff. 	3	5	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
16	-1	bad staff members, not caring or helpful at all. long wait time, doctor is not great, would not recommend 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	quick and painless, doesn't waist your time and is very knowledgeable.   Was referred by a friend and very happy i followed their advice 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	-1	.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
16	1	Dr. Maddali always takes time to be sure that you understand whatever necessary steps you should take to get well or prevent illness.  Always on top of my medical situations and medications - I have never had a doctor who automatically sends me for lab work or does a complete yearly physical.  I feel so lucky that she took over this practice after my doctor became ill.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
16	1	Pleasant, knowledgeable. Have had no problem trying to get appts; usually available same day. She is easy to talk to and very receptive to questions.  Readily will refer to other providers if necessary. 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	I find her pleasant, calm, competent, efficient and best of all willing to listen to me.  No matter how busy she always takes the time to discuss in detail any concerns or issues I may have.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
16	-1	This Doctor took over from my prior Doctor who had to give up his practice due to illness.  She is inexperienced, nice person but unsure about her. One time I tried to get her and her staff to help me with a work situation. They totally botched it up. I am looking for another Doctor.  	1	1	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	-1	Luckily, I experienced this man's complete ineptness as a courteous human being, let alone a Medical Professional (and I use the term EXTREMELY loosely), and was able to cancel my appointment after I was verbally abused by him over the phone. I just hope someone reads this before they use him. 		3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
17	0	Tech ability is excellent. Personality is rude, arrogant and defensive.  		4	2	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	-1	Complete jerk. Very rude.  		3	1	1 	Insurance:Delta Dental
17	1	Dr. Maccario was very caring with my son. He needed to have 5 teeth pulled at once and it all went very smoothly.  It took about 10 minutes! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	-1	Needs to work on people skills.  		5	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	-1	No manners. Rude. All together, a jerk.  		1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	-1	My primary for more than 12 years. Until May when I crossed the line for the last time. He harassed me for 52 dollars when I went to his office very sick. He care so much about money that he sent me home without proper care. I ended up 6 days in a hospital. He is not longer my primary.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
18	1	Best doctor, I ever had. A pleasure to talk. He makes seeing a doctor very easy. Highly recommended.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
18	1	Great Doctor!!!  He is excellent always helpful and will get diagnose and solve the issue!   THE BEST! 	 9/14/11	5	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
18	-1	very unprofessional, talks nonsense and is does not know anything. OLD and STUPID 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
18	-1	. VERY UNPROFESSIONAL SERVICE, DOCTOR SPENDS 2/3 OF THE TIME DISCUSSING THE PERSONAL MATTERS OF PATIENTS 	2	1	2	2 	Insurance:Aetna
18	1	Dr. Ted is a great doctor. Very helpful and always tries to help. The receptionists, specially Sylvia is excellent.Very polite,caring and cooperative. Great job guys! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	I had Dr. Majchrzak from 1994 to 2001 and he was a great doctor. I live out of Hudson county that's why he's no longer my primary physician. He's very courteous he ALWAYS greeted me with a hand shake before and after the appointment.  He's listens keenly to your problems and makes a diagnoses no matter how small, like the time I finally discussed my congestion problems.  (He's the complete opposite of a real dog doctor I had in Hoboken. That one was a REAL CREEP. What was his name again. Yeah Brescia.  REAL CREEP!! ) Dr. Majchrzak's a real gentleman. All doctors should be like him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
18	1	Ive been seeing dr. Majchrzak for years, and although he is not punctual, there is a reason--he takes his time with everyone.  He is always willing to help in any way possible. 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	-1	I am sorry to use this doctor. No punctual. His staff is rude ! The doctor does not a medical knowledge as other doctors who were studying in the US. I lost my time and I was forced to go to an American doctor. I lost time and money. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	Dr. Malek is one of a kind, he is vastly informed, polite and very caring. You cannot find a better Dr. I recommend him wholeheartedly.  Andrew 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	nice doctor well informed of the matter.Hard working doctor very professional and friendly with patient.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
19	1	Is surgery the only work these guys know&#63; Dr. Malek assured me that there would be about 80% chance that my case will not require it.  and, gee, it turned out like he said.  If I'd a stuck with one of the previous 'second opnions' I got, I'd a had an operation by now.  I feel great and no surgery.  A shot or two, small courses of oral medicince and an inconsipucous patch.  I told him good luck if he can get me to quit smoking, so he wished me good luck and gave me a flyer and pamphlet on smoking cessation and the positive effects of smoking.  Walk in, talk man to man; human to human and use what he has to offer.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
19	1	Friendly, compassionate and knowledgeable.  Seemlessly takes care of both the office and patients.  Called my primary in front of me to discuss my case for surgery in two weeks.  Detail-oriented is an understatement.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
19	1	Awesome puts it simply. Ankle sprian turned out to be a rupture.  Either way, healed it.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
19	1	The experience was impeccable along withe uniqueness of practice and professionalism what became well-portrayed and redefined to my layman's terms.  I did't have the copay with me...told to just bring it alon the next time on follow up in two months.  What trust there is here, what lack of concern for financial gain.  I was litteraly treated, healed soonafter and my chech was still in the mail to this wonderful master of healing.  I know God is with this gentleman and piecefulness abounds in the clean professional cozy office he runs efficienty.  Would I go to anyone else for foot/ankle/leg care&#63;  I'd have to be dragged, beaten and PAID to.  A day or two later, I'll find myself right back to this healer.  Trully trully, use him for all trivial to the most complex and will not find a generic answer like 'there's nothing more I can do for you.'  There is always something more according to Dr. Malek, even with surger being the last and not the go-to option all the time.   God bless such MDs 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	I will make a long story short, Dr. Rami Malek is honest and trustworthy period. If you do not need a surgery, he will tell you that, he explained the whole medical process of his diagnosis and answered every single question, a rare in today's medical profession. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	I am glad a forum like this exists so that people could get a feel for a healer such as this prior to going.  I am talking from a personal experience with everything thank God going right.  From the initial evaluation consultation to the point of consenting and finally having surgery, I felt at ease, comforted and totally trusting and confident in this human being.  No matter the issue he says, if it's below the knee, he'll figure it out and he did.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
19	1	Looking at other ratings referencing barometer; indeed this is my new barometer for evalutating medical care from here on end.  Exceptional essentially sums it up.   God Bless him! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
19	1	I went to see Dr. Malek based on the feedback from other patients and I wholeheartedly agree with everything they said.  He is truly an exceptional doctor who is calm, patient, punctual and answered all my questions.  He did not rush me at all and took very good care of me.  I would definitely recommend him to everyone I know.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	Exceptionally punctual and efficient. Well-mannered and trully cares giving special and individualized attention without haste or waste. I felt very comfortable and the doctor is extremely down to earth speaking in common english vs. medical jargon. Questions were answered before I can come out with them; very comprehensive and anticipating. Will have surgery in a couple of weeks and the pre-op went well with all the information I needed to make this informed decision. I anticipate years of good relations and referrals to Dr. Malek should be abound. He does everything in the office, another unique attribute rarely seen today. I highly recommend this doctor.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
20	0	We left our dentist in little silver to go to dr Mahoney and he's okay. My wife and I have issues with him because of his attitude. Not much oaf a talker. Pushy with work and not on time .average 	3	3	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
20	-1	Arrogant! Condescending! Dirty office.  All of his work chipped or fell out then recharged me&#63; Do not go to Mahonet 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Delta Dental
20	1	Extremely helpful with my dental problem.  i went to him as a second opinion  as my initial dentist I believed was requiring me to have dental care that was more than I needed.  Dr. Mahoney explained the pros and cons of my previous dentists options with a few additional options which led to the perfect plan for my oral care and my pocket.  He is now treating my extended family and we are all happy and smiling brightly.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
20	-1	In my opinion, the worst dentist ever.  Horrible interpersonal skills, bordering on mean.  He is pompous and refuses to engage in conversation regarding care.  AVOID THIS DENTIST. 	1	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	excellent dentist...really cares.great office staff 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	-1	This doctor is a drug pusher. He does not respect you, nor listen to you. He has no compassion. He is interested in making a profit and that's about it. 	5	5	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	Dr Malhotra is a very knowledgeable psychiatrist and knows his drug information. He is also a very good listener and advisor. Compassionate, yet to the point. Always on time. His fee is somewhat on the high side, especially for a brief visit. He respects doctor patient confidentiality and takes it very seriously. 	4	5	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	0	This doctor is very knowledgable but very short and seems to spend more time typing into the computer than talking to the patient!  His staff could definitely be more friendly too.  If you want a patient, unrushed dr's office, this is NOT the dr for you.  He will walk right out of exam room as you're talking to him (and I do not hold the dr long!). 	3	5	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	Out of all the doctors I have had to see over the years (and there have been many) Dr. Mahdi stands out as exceptional.  He is compassionate and competent.  He listens carefully and doesn't push the meds on you.  I don't have a heart problem so wish he was a general practioner because I can't find anyone who comes close to him in that field.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
24	1	I love Dr. Mahdi he is very personal and knowledgeable 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	Dr.Mahdi is one of the best as well as the other two he works with.they all three have the best manors as well as looking at your health more so then most dr.do.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	1	amazing! Best Dr.I have ever seen. Smart, caring,incredibly nice. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	He is the most caring, conscientious physician i have ever treated with.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:GHI
25	-1	had a bad experience with the billing.   They choose to use a must more expensive filing and billing you the difference when the insurance company won't pay for what they say &quot;unnecessary type of filling&quot;  Got stuck over paying $1000+ for my kids.  i had excellent insurance, and felt taken advantage of.  Took my business else where.   They had the nerve to send there aggressive attorney after me too. 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	My boys (10 and 15) have seen Dr. Malecz for over 4 yrs. They like him, and he always makes samll talk with them and cracks jokes to reassure them . He's not very sociable to parents, don't expect him to talk to you much unless spoken to. He's done well by my kids, and I've taken them to many pediatric dentists. He works fast and well. Will not unnecessary procedures and is very accomodating. Linda and other staff are very nice and they have always worked with me on fees, as I had no insurance.NEVER got hassLed over a bill.The only negative is that my daughter(17) did not care for him, so I take her elsewhere. 	5	4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
25	-1	No bedside manner! Didn't even say hello to me or my 4 yo son before jamming a plastic brace into my son's mouth. Throughout, Doc said anything to my son, much less reassure him.  Doc held my son's face so tight that an hour later there was still an imprint of my son's glasses in his forehead. (I have photos.)  The assistant dismissed me when I showed her the mark. I explained that while my son was trying to stay calm and breathe through his nose as I was telling him to do and as we had practiced, Doc was compressing his glasses so that one nostril was closed.  She snickered and flippantly told me that that couldn't have been and they do this all day long.  She got even ruder when I explained that I could easily see that Doc was indeed compressing my son's nose since I was the one holding my sons hands.  Doc ran out of the room the second the procedure was done â€“ not ONE single word to me or my son.  HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE! 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
25	-1	Convinced me at checkup time (annual checkup padi 100% by insurance) to come back in 2 mos to have my 7-yr-old son's teeth sealed to prevent cavaties (he's never had a cavity).  They used a 'resin-based composite' to seal 4 teeth with a paint brush.  Took only a cpl minutes.  THEY CHARGED $700!  The insurance company WOULD HAVE covered all but $50 deductible, except they only pay for &quot;amalgam restoration&quot;.  I had to pay the difference between what they would pay for amalgam restoration and the charges for this resin-based composite - $178!!  The Dr. should have told me what the charges would be, and offered choices, instead of being totally shocked to get their bill in the mail 1 month later for what the ins. co. didn't pay!!!  NOT HAPPY AT ALL!  And I have good insurance.   I feel bad for those who don't!! 	4	3	3	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
25	1	The Staff was wonderful.  Made my frightened daughter feel at ease.  She's excited to go back.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
26	1	Dr. Max has great patients and takes the time to listen to your concern. She very attentive to all that is needed to take care the medical concerns. She also goes above and beyond in helping my situation. Which I find is a very warm and welcoming attitude from a doctor. My kids are in their teens so I do have quite a bit of experience when it comes to doctors and patients relationship. I highly recommend Dr. Mak.  	3	4	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	1	I've had Dr. Mainero as my Gastroenterologist on and off for 9 years.  I never felt like I was rushed.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
27	-1	Horrible doctor ... never returns calls.   Waited in the office for over 2 hours for appointment.  Added false diaganosis to insurance claims.   DO NOT USE THIS DOCTOR ! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	Excellent doctor. Very busy but always fits my husband in.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
27	1	After no success with HMO doctors I finally took the advice of a friend and I saw Dr. Mainero. He diagnosed my issues almost just by looking at me and his assumptions turned out to be correct, in some very, simple tests. His bedside manner also gave me a lot of confidence, about being able to deal with my diagnosis. Follow-up is great, plus staff is helpful and although he is busy, he has three offices, and, is a surgeon, he spends time and he will always talk.. when you can catch him! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
28	1	I have been seeing Dr. Maffei for over 10 years, he is nice, friendly, educated and I have refered 3 family members to him. He's great go see for your self, the staff is very nice also, easy location and if you don't feel well I can get a same day appt. As the other people rating dr likeable and you can talk ex, sports he's a good well rounded professional.  	 3/26/10	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
28	1	Great chiropractor, understands the human body and is a definite expert in the field.  I completely disagree with the people who said he is rude and the fact is, he is very personable.  He is very professional yet very approachable which is exactly how every doctor should be.  I do not find Dr. Maffei to be unprofessional at all.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
28	1	I have referred half a dozen people so far.  I go back and forth between manual adjustments and the proadjuster.  It has helped with my migraines as well.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	-1	I went to him because he is on the best doctor list.  He had a Jr. doctor do my entire exam and before Malanga had even seen me the Jr. doctor began telling me how Dr. Malanga manages cases like mine.  I am an RN, this is a big no-no since how could Dr. Malanga develop a plan of care for me, if he had never even assessed me himself.  He did come in after, did a very minimal exam and proceeded to tell me what the Jr doctor already had told me about how to proceed.  Malanga bragged, &quot;I'm the doctor others send their patient too when they don't know what to do&quot;.  I tried his approach with a trainer who really did not have good experience with SI joint dysfunction so after several visits I did not make progress. When I went back to Malanga he basically shrugged and said, &quot;Well, that is all I can offer you&quot;  At least he was honest in his lack of ability to think of other options but what a horrible waste of time.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
29	1	Dr. Malanga has been rated the best in the tri-state area...I have been undergoing treatment with him for approximately one year.  I have never had a problem with him.  He provides a comprehensive review of all symptoms, diagnoses and prognosis for the future. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	0	Not that helpful and pushed an EMSI product (brace) on me and now my insurance won't pay for it even though I was told it was covered for my condition. This product costs over $2000.  	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
30	1	Very thorough exams and follow up. Cares and remembers who you are.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:AHC
30	0	 	5	4	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
31	-1	Horrible, horrible doctor.  She does not look to individualize treatment.  She will only follow the general protocol as if it is the only option for everyone.  She will not dicuss her decisions about treatment.  If she is asked any questions he becomes VERY anoyed and condesending.  She reminds you that she is the biochemist and should never be questioned. Absolutely horrible when all you want is to have the process and decisions explained or discussed.  Very Rude and insulting and ensures you feel left out of the process.  	5	5	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
31	-1	.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
31	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	Dr. Madis is an amazing, kind, compassionate gynecologist. He does not do obstetrics or surgery, but for gyn care and referrals out to a specialist, he is hands down the best in the region. Spends as much time as you need, asks questions and doesn't pretend to know the answers, and genuinely cares about his patients. Staff is great too. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	Dr. Maitland has a wealth of experience and empathy.  He is able to pinpoint difficult problems and break them down into manageable pieces so you can cope with what seems so impossible. If you are looking for a therapist who really listens to you, look no further. Dr. Maitland is very knowledgeable about all kinds of social issues and problems.   Office staff are courteous and efficient.  Office is comfortable and confidentiality is maintained.  Parking is convenient. I recommend Dr. Maitland without reservation.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	1	Very involved in my situation, constantly offering help and advice without any extra incentive. Helped me bring my grades up to High Honor Roll and all at his own expense, a Great Man and a wonderful friend.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	1	Dr. Maitland continues to help our family every week.  Always on time and available if you need to speak with him any time.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	-1	First, the doctor had my test results (to determine if my thyroid cancer had returned) a month before my appointment and never looked at them until I was sitting there. Had it come back, wouldn't it have been prudent to do something a month before&#63; Then I get there and it turns out the lab did the wrong test. I had to go get tested again (which is not Dr. Magnotti's fault) but I could have done that long before my appointment and not had to schedule a second one. They never gave me my test results (sat on them for five weeks) and it took several phone calls for me to even get someone to talk to me. They send me a bill, I pay it, and a few weeks ago I get a letter from a collection agency saying I need to pay the bill. Ridiculous. Best part is I call them (get a machine, of course, nobody ever picks up) and leave a message about this and nobody calls me back. Most disorganized practice, most discourteous staff I have ever seen.  	1	3	1	3 	Insurance:Aetna
34	1	I have had terrible experiences finding a endo that could see me without a 6 month wait or a 3 hour wait in their office. Dr.Magnotti's Clifton office is great!!  The staff has been more than helpful with this newbie who doesn't always get how the insurance stuff works.  They bent over backwards on a holiday weekend to get a prescription issue fixed.  The Dr is great too!  Very helpful and knowledgeable.  Would recommend him to everyone..... just hate to have the wait times get longer because of it! ;-) 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
34	1	. Good bedside manor, and very realistic about patients with diabetes and thyroid problems 	4	3	4	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
34	0	I find this doctor is good and has helped me lead a &quot;next to&quot; normal life with diabetes. The two complaints I have are that he is not receptive when I call with issues and the staff is incompetent and rude. I also hate all the buttons you have to press to try and get a person in the office to speak with.  I do hope these aspect improve, this doctor could eventually be great! 	1	3	2	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	-1	The staff is extremely rude!! I have been going to the clifton office for over a year and my thyroid is still not regulated. Last time I went he said to come back in Sept. I had a physical last week (june) and my thryoid is off again. When I called the office the receptionist said that the dr. said is was only slighly off and to come back in july. why should I walk around with an underactive thyroid. he has my newest test results and will not treat me. it doesn't make sense. I am very frustrated with that office and am currently seeking a new endo.  	2	1	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	1	Dr Magnotti has controlled my diabetes and helped me live a normal life. He looks young but is very knowledgeable.I will recommend him to my friends and have complete confidence in Dr Magnotti.  His staff is not always the best, but that does not affect his professionalism or grasb of my problems 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
34	1	Dr Magnotti at first seemed too young, but his grasp of my problem (diabetes) reassured me. He took his time and was quite proficient in his diagnosis and treatment.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
34	-1	whats going on in this office in Teaneck!!! the clifton office is so good, I still never got a call back from Dr. Magnotti what a shame! how many time do I have to keep speaking to the clericals there&#63;&#63; they will not let me speak with any of the doctors at all! this place is corrupt.  fox 5 should go there 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	0	Almost never gat a call back from the office. The receptionists are rude at worst, curt and not helpful at best. 90% of the time I call I get a busy signal. I have not heard a busy signal since 1998. It's ridiculous. The doctor was OK in person, friendly and knowledgable, but when I needed an important thyroid balancing med when I was pregnant, it took 3 days to get a prescription phoned in. I never rec'd any information from the dr. about what the medicine does, how to take it, and the horrible consequences if I didn't take it properly.  	1	2	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	-1	I called this office 52 times to reach dr magnotti and still have not yet got a phone call back, I asked to make time to see me and he has no time to even fit me in. This is a horrible practice... shame on them...........  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	-1	I have been trying to make an appointment for the past two days with no luck.  Everytime I have called the the receptionist keeps telling me the same thing &quot;they be back in 5 minutes&quot;, &quot;call back in 5 minutes&quot;.  When I call in the morning the receptionist tells me &quot;they will be in the office in about 5-10 mins&quot;. My OBGYN had to call the office and make the appointment for me.  Very incompetent and unhelpful receptionists. 	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
34	-1	Went to this doctor and he did a series of blood work on me.  I always have the results of the tests sent to me so I knew the results before his office called me.  The secretary called me and said my results were normal; but I saw one of my testerone level was not normal.  When I questioned the secretary she said she will ask the doctor and get back to me.  She called back and said the doctor said it was normal for my age.  A few weeks later I was having an ultra sound on my neck becasuse of neck pain and they found a nodule on my thyroid.  He never found it and never even thought outside the box to perform an ultra sound on my thyroid.  I WOULD NEVER RECOMMEND HIM TO ANYONE.  	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:Oxford
34	1	. very good endocrinologist! polite, patient and thorough! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	1	As others have said, his youthful appearance throws you a bit when you first see him.  However, he is incredibly knowledgeable and understanding...he actually listens when you speak!  I've been to doctors with 20 years more experience that could learn a thing from Dr. Magnotti.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
34	1	When he first walked into the room, I was hesitant because he looks to be fairly young, but don't judge a book by it's cover.  He's helpful, knowledgable, and made gestational diabetes much less of a nightmare for me than I anticipated.  If I get pregnant again and have GD I would not hesitate to go to him.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	1	Dr. Magnotti is thorough and competent.  He follows up on lab tests and has a great manner.  I was hesitant to see him at first, but am very comfortable with him.  I would highly recommend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
34	1	Very good and knowledgeable doctor who definitely know what he is doing and what endocrinology is all about.  Highly recommend! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	1	Dr. Mahal is a great doctor. He truly cares about all his patients and gives helpful advice. He takes the time to answer all of my questions and is very polite. I have been with him for several years and have had no problems with him or his staff.  Wonderful! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	1	Have been treated by Dr Mahal for over 10 years. He has inserted several stents and performed balloon angioplasties. I am very impressed by the group, Medicor Cardiology. There must be 10 MDs associated with Dr Mahal. All these Doctors work as a great team.  	4	4	5	4 	Insurance:Medicare
35	-1	He is the biggest bluffer I have ever met. He pretends he knows everything through his silence. He led me through a 3 year undiagnosed Atrial Septal Defect condition and made me suffer by prescribing lorazapam, alprozalam, and other sedatives. I had 3 TIAs during his treatment and I suffered with gastro bleeding and shortness of breath for 3 years. I would not recommend this fellow for a safe life on this earth under his treatment. I wonder how much he paid to get his certificate from fake (bogus) universities in India.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
36	-1	She gave me a diagnosis and told me I could eat what ever I wanted to. I never got better under her care. After researching my illness, I discovered a variety of foods triggered my condition. Considering the medications she suggested gave me serious side effects, the least she could have done would be to tell me to avoid certain foods to alleviate a lot of my pain and discomfort. 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
36	-1	Needs to get more updated and when she can not figure out what is wrong or the medicine is not working she needs to refer to a more experienced doctor and in a PROFESSIONAL MANNER. 	2	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
37	-1	She botched my rectal exam and I was bleeding out my anus for a week. Don't go to her! 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	Dr. Magliaro is the best. Despite being a man he makes you feel very comfortable, he's knowledgable, understanding and very patient. I would highly recommend him. Also given the fact that I am someone who rarely changes doctors and believes the best doctors are in NYC, for me to recommend him speaks volumes.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
38	1	Dr. Magliaro is amazing.  After having gone through a nightmare situation with undiagnosed endometriosis and a few other issues, Dr. Magliaro was able to diagnose and eradicate the problem.  He listens to what the patient is saying and immediaitely addresses any concerns.  I recommend him highly.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
38	1	Dr. Magliaro is a wonderful doctor!  He is very knowledgeable, a great surgeon, caring and easy to talk to.  I highly recommend him.  Punctuality and staff very good too.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
38	1	. great doctor very concerned about his pt health he is easy to talk to also 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
38	1	Dr. Magliaro is wonderful and understanding.  He realizes that female issues cause pain.  He relates well to my questions and concerns.  Before surgery he told me everything that was going to happen.  He told me what recovery would be like and for how long I would be sore.  He did not try and hide anything.  I would highly recommend him.  To bad he is not on my new insurance plan.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
38	1	I've been with Dr. Magliaro for four years - he's absolutely wonderful.  He's intelligent, responsive and a wonderful surgeon.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
38	1	One of the best physicians I have come across. Dr. Magliaro expresseds remarkable care and concern to his patient.  The staff's courteousness and assistance is outstanding,  HIGHLY recommend him.  Too bad he does only gynecology. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	Dr. Maduro and here staff are fantastic, she is so caring and attentive! She takes the time to make sure you are comfortable! Definately the best dentist I've been to in a really long time! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	He is a fantastic doctor. Good bedside manners and very knowlegable. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	Dr Magnet is the most caring dr I have ever been to! He not only listens but asks questions and never rushes you and makes sure you understand everything before you leave. This man along with the ICU staff at Underwood literally saved my life! Not only do I go to him, but my husband, son daughter, in laws, brother and now my precious newborn granddaughter , I cannot say enough about how wonderful this man is, I just wish his staff was a little better. 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	Usually my daughter sees Dr. Kevin Wu, but he was not in one day and they scheduled us an appointment with Dr. Magnet for her sore throat.  I was impressed by what a good listener he was, and the fact that he asked multiple times if I understood everything about her treatment and if I had questions about anything at all. I felt like he really cared despite the fact he had just met us. I'm glad that when Dr. Wu is not available there is an excellent back-up at this location.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
41	1	i like him as a dr. but his staff is another story my scripts are never refilled when i call i never get a return call as to why they were not called in.this has happened to many times.i have called several times just recently and still have not recieved a call back or my meds.when asked to talk to the dr, was told no or hes not in.so who makes the decision in this office his staff or him.i worked for drs. and we always called our pts back or if they needed to talk to the dr. they were always called back that day or at least by the end of the day.so here i am no script and no call back since feb, 3rd.told to make an appt which i did and still they did not call my script in.  	1	4	3	4 	Insurance:Medicare
41	1	overall a good exp. usually do not wait to be seen, Dr. Magnet is better than his staff, but that is not a knock on his staff they are fine.  I have 100% trust in this doctor after a extensive search for a new doctor 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
41	1	Very knowledgeable, listens and does not rush you out the door. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	Dr. Magnet & Dr. Rogers were my parents Doctors.  My husband & I came as new patients and are very pleased. He's very through, kind and listens.  He makes sure we understand everything before we leave.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
41	1	Dr. Magnet is the best docter that I have ever been to. He is very kind and listens very intently. He also takes the time to answer your questions. Truly wonderful docter.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
41	-1	Mis-diagnosis on 1/10/08 ended up in Underwood, Hospital Sat. 1/12/08 and it was not my shins, it was GOUT-behind my knee. When I called him on Tues. 1/15/08 He said why was I calling what did I want him to do.I said you mis diagnosed me and I ended up in Hosp. He said well you can always see someone else, and what did I want Him to do. I wanted him to listen to me in the room when I said the pain was in the back of my knee and down the calve, and not touch my shin and say it was my weight & my shins were inflamed. and give me a percription for generic brand of vioxx and a diabic diet. I had a funeral to attend and a house full of people from Fla. and ended up in Hosp. from 4PM to 1AM Sat. 	3	2	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	Wonderful physician! He is a little difficult to understand at times because he has a heavy accent but he is FANTASTIC as far as being a thorough doctor. He takes his time and looks you in the eye when you talk. I feel very comfortable talking with him about anything. My daughter takes my new grandson to him now, too. 	 9/2/07		4	5	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	Dr. Mackuse is a wonderful Doctor in regards to helping with addiction.  She is very confidential and shows a great amount of concern for her patients.  I feel very comfortable with speaking to her about issues that can most times be akward.  Her office staff is remarkable. When I first contacted the office I felt quite at ease; I think that if it wasn't for the understanding ear of the receptionist I might still be using drugs and been afraid to seek the help that I had desprately needed.  It is very refreshing to have a doctor explain the different courses of treatment to help way the pros and cons of each decision.  I highly recommend to anyone seeking treatment to help kick the habit to contact the services of Dr. Mackuse. 	 9/14/08	5	3	4	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	Always receive excellent care. She is caring, honest and sincere.Very skilled and knowledgeble, very comprehensive care.I would recommend her to all.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
43	1	WODERFUL DOCTOR!!!! in every sense of the word. Too bad she no longer works because I would have never switched to anyone. She is the perfect example of what a pediatrician should be all about. The group of doctors she worked with were nothing compared to her and the staff was very rude including the nurse, but it was worth dealing with the their crap just to see her.  Where are you doctor Majisu&#63;&#63;&#63;&#63;&#63;&#63;&#63; 	1	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	1	She is a very good doctor. Has a great educational background and is very knowledgeable. Highly recommended. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	Excellent Doctor.We are fortunate to have her at newark Beth Israel Medicial Center now. She is great with kids and is very caring. I will give her a 10/5! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	Great Doctor and is patien and wonderful with children, parents and even the parents.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
43	1	This doctor is very caring, sweet and wonderful with children. Unfortunately, she belongs to a group and you can't always see her and she is the only one that is worth seeing from the whole group. The staff has to be the worst in the world. They are rude and nasty and that is why we are switching doctors.  		2	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	1	I remember going to doctor Jerry when I was about 6 or 7, up until I was in college. Yes, one of the few doctors I would continue to see because he was great and new my medical history. Now I am a mom and when I visit NJ he would be the only doctor I would bring my child to. I HIGHLY recommend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	1	My children have been going to Dr. Mabagos for the past decade.  Such a wonderful staff and he is so caring and knowledgable. He really listens to any concerns and shows incredible bed side manners and patience.  I recommend him to every parent looking for a great pediatrician.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
44	1	The best Doctor I've ever been too!! Almost ten years with him!! Really an absolutely caring Dr.  I Love Him!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	1	Dr. Mabagos is a fabulous doctor. I have been using him for over 5 years and live an hour away.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	1	HE is the absolute BEST!! He will go above and beyond for your child. He has had me bring my child to office when it was closed just to check him out.My older daughter had a state ins. plan and he was the Dr they gave me and i went expecting him to be a quack!! But I loved the way he talked to her(teen). I quickly tranferred my other children to his practice. They have a good ins plan. But you will not find a better Dr.My daughter(3) had a 104 temp at night so i took her to ER and they said she had ear infection and gave her rx. I took another child to his office the next day and told him and he said mind if i look and listen to her quick and it turned out she had pneumonia!! I never even paid for him to look at her and he never asked he just took care of her!! I could go on and on but just wanted to give an example of how much he cares for his patients.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	1	Dr Mabagos is just AMAZING with my children. He really cares for them and interacts with them at their age level. My kids love him.  He shows them empathy and talks directly to them to ask them questions.  I've always felt confident in his abilities to properly diagnose and treat my children including my one with special needs.   My vote for best pediatrician in US for sure! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	1	I love Doc. Mabagos! I moved 6 hrs. away and still make the trip to see him, tho I do have a doctor for them here to. I wish I could bring him with me. My kids love him to! They range from 3 to 12 yrs. I would trust him with my kids lives anyday. We all need more doctors like him. 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	Amazing doctor!  I would never go to another pediatrician.  He listens to what you say and doesn't ever make you feel like you are doing the wrong with your child.  Treats you like the parent that you are! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	I love Dr.Mabagos and his Lacey office staff. They are all polite and kind. He is great with my kids. My son adores him. His doctor is one of his very favorite people. I wish every doctor was even half as good as him.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	1	When i went to him and every one told me my baby had colic and to deal (she was losing weight) he found out her stomach was under developed, fixed her meals, and made the crying stop. He listen to you, talk to you instea dof at you, he takes his time, he make emergency appoiments, and best of all he has a cell phone which you can call anytime he called me back at 2am. I will never change doctors. My baby is now 10 months happy and healthy and although feeding is still challanging he work with us one on one everyday to make it better for her and us. He is an amazing doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
44	1	I take all three of my babies to him.  He is so patient, loving, and he really cares for their health.  This is the best practice around!!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	He is the best pedatrician I have ever dealt with. When Had my first son who is now going on 15 years old, I had changed pedatrician several times could not find a good one, until Dr Mabagos, both of my boys have been seeing him for years, he is so personable with a great and wonderful compassionate bedside ,manner. We need more doctors like him in this world. His staff is nice also.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
44	1	He has 2 offices - one in Brick and the other in Lacey - Dr. Mabagos is amazing with children and teens - very compasionate - I highly recommend him to everyone 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	Always attentive, always has time to listen and is so sweet, my children adore him.  He has been through Lyme disease and double Pnuemonia with my kids, I am thankful I found such a good pediatrician.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
45	1	Love this doctor. He is very knowledgable and has great bedside manner. There is usually quite a long wait at the office, but only because he spends as much time as needed with each patient. 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	Kind, gentle, caring doctor- one of the best and I've been to many drs.  Staff was very concerned for my comfort and made a colonoscopy something no longer to be feared. I have recommeneded him to many friends and family.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
47	1	Dr. Makhlouf has been my kids pediatrician for 19 years and I couldn't imagine not having him take care of them. I love that after you tell him the symptoms, he knows what it is most of the times. He also takes the time to explain the name, what causes it and what cures it. We think of Dr. Makhlouf like he is family and Dr. Annelo is so caring. The staff is wonderful.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
47	-1	I just want to let people know of my experience  of my daughter appointment with Dr. Makhlouf he was a totally disrespectful and condescending. He should work on his bed side manners.  	5	4	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
47	1	dr. Makhlouf is wonderful, he was my Ped when I was a child and now I have 2 children of my own. He answers his pages on time, never makes me feel rushed and answers all of my questions and request.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
47	1	Both Doctor Makhlouf and Doctor Annelo are terrific; personable, thorough and knowledgeable.  We found a home at Dr Makhlouf's.  The staff is the best I've ever encountered; efficient, professional, helpful, and friendly.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
47	1	Dr. Makhlouf has been my family's pediatrician for 19 years.  In addition, Dr. Anella when she joined Roseland Pediatrics.  I would not trust any other doctors with my children's health.  I moved out of the area and continue to take my 4 children to Dr. Makhlouf/Dr. Anella, which is a 35-40 minute drive.  I would never switch.  Yes, Dr. Makhlouf is quick and, at times, rushed but he is always  listening and will discuss your concerns.  Dr. Anella does take more time, has a soft mannerism, and listens and discusses your concerns.  Both are exceptional doctors who are knowledgeable.  Both doctors do take the time to take your calls, or call you back, if necessary.  The staff is wonderful as well! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
47	1	dr. makhlouf  is unbelievable....he may be quick but dose not waste his time on nonsense!  he is very good at his diagnosis and never makes you nervous.   i drive a half hour for my kids visits and i would never switch! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
47	1	I took my son there a few times and I must say in the beginning Dr. Makhlouf was great but the last few times I just felt he rushed through the examination and didn't listen to what I had to say or questions.  	3	4	3	5 	Insurance:Aetna
47	1	Has been my childrens doctor for 14 years.   I will NEVER look for another pediatrician 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
47	1	Dr. Makhlouf is wonderful doctor. I credit him with saving my sons life 16 years ago. When my son was born his pediatrican then ignored his symptons. Dr. Makhlouf was covering while he was on vacation and listened to me and carefully examined my baby. Because of his fast acting and careful examination we were rushed to the cardiologist and then off for emergency life saving surgery. It is because of Dr. Makhlouf that my son is alive today.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
47	1	Both Dr. Makhlouf and Dr. Anello are fantastic.  I've been with them for 7 years and have had no complaints.  My sister also has her two girls with Roseland Ped. and she absolutely loves it.  The only people who think Dr. Makhlouf is condescending are the ones that are very needy. He does his job and moves on so you don't have to wait an hour for a visit.   Let him do his job!!!!  He's the best!!!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
47	1	I have been with Dr Makhlouf for over 10 years. This is a busy office but they always find a way to fit you in for an appointment. Yes, there are times when I have felt a little rushed, but don't think for a second that Dr Makhlouf isn't listening.  He's a very smart man who puts his concern where it needs to be --- with the patient. I have realized over the years that if he is not overly concerned about something, then I shouldn't be either. But if he is concerned --- listen up, he knows his stuff. Dr Anello is wonderful too.  These doctors return phone calls and the staff is also very nice.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
47	0	This doctor needs to be open to many possibilities, and to learn to listen to mother's intuition. A tad condescending.  	 2/4/08	4	4	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
47	0	Was disappointed with our first visit with Dr. Makhlouf, however rest of staff was wonderful. He did not introduce himself to either of us and rushed our visit. It was an even more uncomfortable visit because he was condescending. He did not even entertain what we thought was wrong with our son even though it was suggested by another pediatrician. Unfortunately he did not even look or touch the area that we were concerned about (rash) and quickly made a diagnosis without acknowledging other possibilities or treatment. On the other hand, Dr. Anello in this same group was very pleasant to work with.  	4	4	3	3 	Insurance:Aetna
48	1	. good 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
49	0	Lumbar spinal fusion did not correct my problem. I never had pain, before or after. I'm on my 3rd year of rehab now, paying out of pocket, & this helps more than the surgery which may have been unnecessary.  	5	4	3	2 	Insurance:Medicare
49	0	Necessary to have hip replacement done by him redone by another surgeon within two years.  		2	3	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	1	Best orthopod I've seen in years. Back surgeon, but will not recommend surgery unless absolutely necessary. Trustworthy.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
50	1	She was such a sweet person and she didn't rush me...she really made me feel like I mattered. I'm so glad I found her.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
50	1	She is wonderful. She is very caring and helpful. Truly interested in her patients.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
51	1	Absolutely wonderful care. Extremely sensitive to patient's needs and condition.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
52	-1	Horrible bedside manner!  Had a complication in pregnancy  ~~He said to my husband &quot;It looks very grim for both your wife and your daughter&quot; right at my bedside.  Even though it is true that yes we could have both dies, there are better ways of explaining things!  Would not recommend! 	4	3	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
53	-1	Burned my colon in a colonoscopy procedure and put me in the hospital .his partner visited me the next day in the hospital and said &quot;The voltage must have been set too high &quot; Avoid this Doctor.  	3	3	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
53	1	Great staff and love this doctor. He is thorough and accurate and no waiting around.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
53	1	He is worth the wait! Dr. Magahis is very compassionate and takes his time with his patients! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	. This doctor is the best! He lives up to his reputation! His office staff could be a little better though! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	1	Greg was great. He knows what he is talking about and he made me feel wonderful in just a short amount of time. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
55	-1	This comment is directed toward the incompetent and disorganized office staff.  I'm in a nightmare trying to obtain records from a closed  (Raritan) and all I can get from the staff is no follow up and lies about where my records are.  Even though the staff has changed since 2007, there has been absolutely no improvement.  My treatment is being delayed because I cannot get my records nor any answers to where my records are! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	Dr Mahalik is very thorough and so is his professioanl staff. The office is a disaster with no follow up. They are pleasant but very disorganized. 	1	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
56	0	She sandbagged me for a job I wanted. I had a family friend who is a psychiatrist look at a form she filled out for me, and she basically said that Malhotra let her personal opinions be seen in the report and was not objective. Would not recommend her at all. The receptionist is VERY RUDE and has an attitude problem. Do not go to this woman.  	1	3	2	3 	Insurance:Aetna
56	1	She is a mixture of compassion and strictness. She does not accept BS. She went right in to the core of my problems. It was amazing how she could get deep in to my mind, which I  have not been able to see. She involved my husband in to the dialogue. She helped to resolve our differences.  I would recommend her to any one. Her hours are limited so do not go to her if you want to go to her on weekends or evening. She was always available 24/7 if I  had a crisis 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	Dr. Malhotra always gave me 60 minutes of her time (not a 45 minute hour).  She is a medical doctor - a psychiatrist who also does therapy.  The last psychiatrist I went to only spent 5-10 minutes with me, wrote me a prescription and told me to find a therapist to talk to. I found her to be very smart and very caring, but she is tough too and wouldn't let me get away with trying to BS her - she saw through me.  She gave me great advice and was very supportive to me during a very terrible time.  I felt like she really cared about me.  She has helped me to change my life and I am deeply indebted to her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
56	-1	this doctor is just too busy with medical reps, number one. Number two she seems lacking in compassion. Three her availability is limited and she beleives she is busier than you are. Four she fails to return phone calls. five i am not convinced of her expertise.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
56	1	She is a great doctor. Listens very well and always has good advice. She really takes the time to listen to what you have to say medication wise. And is very aware that patients have knowledge of their own bodies. I respect that in a psychiatrist.  	3	5	5	4 	Insurance:Aetna
56	-1	 	1	4	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	This past year has been quite a year for me. I've needed to see a Dr.several times. Dr. Maida was always there for me!!! Not only in his office,but on the phone and get this, HE ACCTUALLY MADE A HOUSECALL when I was to sick to get to his office.Looking for a new Dr.&#63; Look no further.I am honored to say Dr.  Maida is MY  doctor!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
57	1	MDVIP is   sure  worth   the  extra few bucks. I'd pay  10x that amount just  to keep  Dr. Maida!!!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	Great doc and great office. They are great for weight loss too.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
58	-1	He Talks down to his patients. I was having an asthma attack and while the office made arrangements for the ER. He loectured me on everythibng that I did wrong.  	5	2	1	2 	Insurance:Medicare
58	1	I thought Dr. Madonia was very caring and helpful.  He was very patient with me and I appreciate him taking the time to talk with me and answer all my questions.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
58	0	Old School Doc.  He talks at you not with you.  He doesn't listen to what you are telling him.  	5	3	1	5 	Insurance:Aetna
58	-1	Dr. Madonia has changed from a caring, kind doctor to a self righteous, uncaring one.   What happened&#63; 	5	3	1	3 	Insurance:Aetna
59	1	Dr. Maggio is highly recommended. I have been going to him for about 2 years now. He spends a lot of time with each patient and is very in depth with his questioning to be sure that he understands all symptoms and the entire situation. He is thorough with his testing.  Also, he has a very positive bed side manner and is easy to talk to! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	1	Very caring and extremely competent and knowledgeable. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
60	-1	This office is not organized, they don't get back to you even if you call them everyday. the staff is rude and the doctor's last concern is the patient. Terrible service. Honestly have gotten worse since i was going to this doctor, worst mistake i ever made.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
60	1	ALL I CAN SAY IS THAT I LOVE THIS DR. THE BEST MANNERS I HAVE EVER SEEN IN A DR. WHEN I FIRST MET HIM HE INTRODUCED HIM SELF SHOOK MY HAND AND THANKED ME FOR CHOOSING HIM AS MY DR. I WILL AND DO REFER MANY PATIENTS TO DR.MAIELLO . I HAVE NEVER ANY DR THAT DOES THIS. YOU ARE THE BEST .  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
60	1	I started seeing him about 3 years ago and i am very happy with him he has helped me and always told me the truth about my health and med which is what i want from a doctor   and he listens to you and conducts a good check up on his patients 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	STAFF IS FRIENDLY BUT SEEMS BUSY AND SOMETIMES THE DOCTOR IS LATE WHEN PATIENT IS ON TIME FOR APPOINTMENT. CASH-CHECK UPFRONT NOT A LOT OF INSURANCE OPTIONS :( 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
61	-1	 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	He came recommended by a friend, whose allergies were &quot;cured&quot; by him. I was desperate, as my allergies were making me miserable. I would just lay in the house, all stuffy and weepy and itchy. Not fun for a young person. We kept the house clean, no pets or dust, and even used natural products. It wasn't until I was treated by Dr. Magaziner that my symptoms disappeared, almost completely. I did the sublingual serum for a few weeks, and by the end of the treatment, I felt like a whole new person. Only my allergies to cats remained, but all others disappeared. After years of discomfort and misery, I was finally able to enjoy life! That was 20 years ago and my symptoms have remained at bay. I maybe have 2 days per year when I sniffle or my eyes itch, but it's not severe and it subsides quickly. I don't know what my life would be like, had I not been treated by Dr. Magaziner. Based on my experience, I highly recommend him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	Dr. Maglares is one of the most compassionate doctors I have ever met.  He was my mother's doctor and helped her through many health crises. He is now my doctor. His calm, friendly demeanor is step one in feeling better. Top of my list of great physicians.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	1	Dr. Maglaras puts one at ease from the start.  He is extremely knowledgeable very caring.  Little time is spent in the waiting room.  The practice is small, allowing for the personal touch.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
63	1	Best Doctor I've ever had. Made me walk again,took my wife's calls all times of the day or night. Thanks Doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
63	-1	I went in for a simple carpel tunnel procedure. After it was done, the pain was at least double (as I expected due to the incision).The doctor left half of the stitches in the wound saying that my body would just naturally expel them. Also refused to give any pain medication so for the next 8 weeks I was basically completely incapacitated. When I asked for something to ease the pain he replied that it wasn't that bad and to just tough it out. Also made sure to schedule repeat visits once a week so he could milk my insurance and my wallet. I wouldn't recommend this doctor to my worst enemy.  	2	5	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
63	1	My family loves him. The ER missed my mother's fracture and he picked it up in seconds after seeing the xray and treated her right away.  Very genuine and caring.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
64	1	This doctor is the most knowledgeable doctor I know.  His diagnosis is right on the money all the time.  He has cured a friend of mine from an ailment that no other doctor was able to figure out. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	Dr Nito and his wife, May, are my 3 kids' pediatricians since 1996. They are so nice and helpful. Their staff are equally friendly too. They go the extra mile to meet your kids' needs. Very accomodating and you never feel rushed.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
65	1	We love M&M; pediatrics.  Doctor Nito is so caring and children feel very comfortable with him.  He takes his time and answers any questions without rushing you.  We are always seen in a timely fashion and their nurses and receptionists are all helpful and friendly.   I would confidently recommend this group to anyone! 	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
65	1	Never a problem, both of my children seem to like the practice.  	2	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	1	I suffered from post laminectomy neuropothy and after a few treatments, I am pretty much pain free. I would recommend Dr. Magaziner, as I went to 3 other pain doctors before him. He's very caring.  	 6/25/12	5	4	5	Insurance:CIGNA
66	1	very compassionate, listening, knowledgeable about best techniques/ new procedures. Saved me by now I am able to move without pain and be normal.  MW 	 2/5/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	1	my wife has spondilouarthritos (eight (8)herniations (L3-5, L1-3). pain was killing her since Sept 2009. she visited Dr.Magaziner first time end of March 2011. She feels much better and we get real hope for recovery. THANK YOU Doc! Sergei Khokhlov 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	Exceedingly skilled, patient, empathic physician who listens carefully and employs the least invasive yet most advanced and effective pain-relieving techniques available. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	Dr. Magaziner is Dedicated to his patients, and is extremely kind and pleasant. He is very easy-going and humble. I have 5 Prolo Therapy sessions for my SI and facet Joints. I am 75-80 % better now. I have stop taking all of my medications. I would recommend him 100 % and would love to refer anyboday to him. I agree with other comments regarding wait time and Schedule, but it is well worth it with the results i have got. I went to 4 pain management docs and one sergeon without getting any better for 2.5 years. With Prolo Therapy i am 80 % pain free now.   Ashish Shah 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	Was a pleasure getting treating for my chronic arthritis issue.  Good bedside manner.  Would recommend.  eStella 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	Dr. Magaziner is great. I'm getting prolo for general wrist ligament laxity, and whether or not the procedure will help (I'm positive it will) I think ths doc is awesome, as opposed to the conservative orthopedics who just told me to &quot;live with it&quot;. There was some wait time because patients arrived late, etc., but his staff is friendly and the doc knows his stuff. All of those who slander him or his treatmets are preposterous - this treatment takes TIME and it will be PAINFUL. Just take it like adults and be patient, and actually wait a few months before saying it was ineffective. Prolotherapy isn't a one-shot-go-home deal, it's therapy. 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
66	-1	My experience was that the procedures were very painful and extremely expensive.  He's too busy to listen to you and the average wait in his office is an hour.  I ended up leaving his office in more pain than I started with.  After what I have been through I wouldn't recommend this doctor to anyone. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
66	-1	Dr Magaziner did not listen to me at all.  He tried two of his unconventional treatments on me, both making my situation worse. I would not recommend him and wish I never went to him. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	His staff his wonderful.The doctor takes his time with his patients. Very knowlegeable and patient, 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
66	1	Dr.Magaziner truly cares about his patients.  If you are looking for an alternative to surgery he is the doctor to see.  I had Platelet-Rich Plasma (PRP)on an arthritic hip instead of a hip replacement operation, and I'm very pleased with the results.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
66	-1	Unfortunately, I've been a patient of this Dr. 4 many yrs, &amp; his lawyer sued my insurance co till my 1/4 million dollar policy was exhausted! Once my insurance policy was exhausted, he got a hold of my P&S; lawsuit money! Every single strange treatment he gave me failed 2 eliminate my pain.Whenever I asked him if there was anything he could do to help me, he'd just give me a blank, apathetic stare &amp; didn't respond. But he led me 2 believe that other treatments would work. He tried some quackery type of ineffective treatment on me like chemonucleolysis &amp; added pumice (YES, PUMICE) 2 his prolo serum. After seeing him 4 2yrs, all he did was write scripts 4 me &amp; was extremely reluctant 2 titrate my meds 2 control my pain levels.I was on the same dosage 4 many yrs &amp; in pain &amp; he just wanted 2 get rid of me! My pulse &amp; BP were pain-related &amp; were frequently approx 120+ BPM &amp; my BP was 194+/119+! My high BP could have caused kidney damage or a stroke but as always, the Dr. seemed unconcerned.  	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
66	1	Will not give up on difficult to diagnose issues involving pain.  Three other drs told me to 'live with it' when I could barely walk. Dr. Magaziner kept at it until he figured out what the issue was and is now treating the cause of my pain successfully.  May have to wait a while in office, but well worth the wait, they will take good care of you. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	I have known Dr. M for many years and have complete confidence in his ability.  He is all those positive adjectives used in other comments.  I am a health care professional and appreciate his recognizing and treating me as such.  He is the only one that has helped with my myriad of health problems which seem to be hopeless to other physcians.  Thanks, Dr. Magaziner.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
66	1	Dr Magaziner has helped me immensely  . First appointment  he took  me right away  to my surprise. He did very helpful trigger  point injections that brought me back to life that very day. He's  unique  in his ability  to  think outside  the box  unlike  traditional   pain management  doctors. Very knowledgeable  with conventional as well as  alternation  treatments  ie: Platelet Rich Plasma tissue matrix and Stem Cell Grafts etc . A very due diligent  compassionate  physician . Sits  down  with you  to  find what a lot  other doctors  over look. Seems to have an answer  for  whatever dilemma  and if he can't  help  he'll say so  and  provide  you with a competent  referral .  I would recommend Dr. Magaziner  any day without any reservations .  If you're seeking a  high quality  doctor you  can't go wrong .  His staff are  friendly and  great  too 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
66	1	Dr. Magaziner is an extremely knowledgeable, first in his field to try new things, expert pain management psyiatrist.  He does prolotherapy and PRP.  He saved my thumb from being non-usable after a car accident to 95% better and functioning again.  Without his help I would have lost the use of my hand without the thumb.  Great bedside manner.  Super friendly and understanding.  Listens to concerns and answers all questions.  Truly concerned for his patients.  A unique Dr. to find in this day and age.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
66	1	Doctor Edward Magaziner â€“ A Special Office, a Special Doctor How nice to go to a physician who is very smart, articulate, compassionate and is truly interested in his patients. He never makes you feel rushed, listens to you and is happy to answer all of your questions that are important to you. From the first time you go to the office his wonderful staff, always smiling, make you feel very comfortable. Even when they are very busy, they always stay calm and friendly and always try to accommodate you.  Thank you for all you do and all you have done for us. Good luck, health and all good things. Fondly, Barbara &amp; Bob Stone 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	Dr Magaziner has helped me tremendously with long lasting relief from several conditions including ruptured cervical disks and injured wrist and now severe knee pain. He is caring and interested in his patients welfare. If you are considering surgery, do yourself a favor and consult with him first. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	Very thorough and knowledgeable.  Takes his time with each patient so be prepared to wait a bit in waiting room but it is well worth it.  Staff is not rude despite someone's comments on here, if anything they are all very kind and helpful.  He is also very skilled with injections/needles.  I highly recommend dr magaziner, he's a good dude who cares about his patients, he's not there to just give out prescriptions like most of the other awful doctors out there.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
66	0	Dr. Magaziner is very good with injections - you won't feel a thing. But his staff is rude and uncaring and won't get back to you to schedule an appointment for weeks at a time, all the while you're desperately in pain. Dr. Magaziner loves to run tests and perform procedures but will not give you a final diagnosis, so it is a hit or miss approach - not a viable way to treat someone.  	2	2	3	3 	Insurance:Aetna
66	1	Dr. Magaziner doesn't settle for the 'nothing can be done' attitude of most doctors I've been to. His approach is both cutting-edge and natural at the same time; 'convincing' your body to heal itself. A martial arts career ending hip injury in my late 20's became a significant impairment normal activities by the time I was in my early 40's. I am now able to run, something which I have been unable to do for more something like 15 years.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
66	1	Great doctor.  I've been a patient for a long time and he's done wonders for me.  He really cares about his patients. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	If you are interested in either prolotherapy or PRP as an alternative to surgery, Dr. Edward Magaziner is the physician you want to work with.  He is extensively experienced, extremely up-to-date, knowledgable and caring.  This isn't just a hobby or a &quot;side-interest&quot; to him, he has both the credentials and a history of experiences that speak to his dedication.In his consultation he gives a fair assessment of whether your situation would benefit from surgery or this alternate, you can determine for yourself your own direction. In any surgeon you want skill level and experience above all, and Dr. Magaziner came highly recommended.  You want dedication and sincere caring for you the person vs. &quot;client # 347 - and my experiences with Dr. Magaziner would be scored 10 out of 10 for great.  He's good, and he cares about what he's doing, you don't get lost in the shuffle. Even at out-of-network high costs, this beats surgery and potential long-term side effects.   See him! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
67	1	Very caring and knowledgeable accupuncturist. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
68	0	Went to Dr Magotch for many years, and though he is patient and knowledgeable, he has a very heavy hand and I lost ALOT of teeth under his care. I had a partial which flopped around and I finally gave up and just used it for appearances. One of my front teeth he did a root canal and crown, and it periodically falls out!  I have to get it re-glued ALL THE TIME! I eventually will need a bridge or implant. His wife is a greedy money bags with huge diamonds and expensive tastes. She obviously wants more and more stuff, and his prices reflect this. Not the worst Dentist I have ever been too, but certainly not the best either. I'd keep looking if I were you!  Must have had 5 failed crowns (crowns that don't fit right and junk gets underneath then the tooth is shot and has to be pulled) under his care. Keep looking..  	2	3	3	3 	Insurance:CIGNA
69	1	Dr. Mahal is an excellent doctor. His PA is very knowledgeable and has excellent bedside manner. My only problem with the office is the ridiculously long wait. I was told that he insists on the staff scheduling appointments every 15 minutes, but he takes 20-30 minutes with each patient. Unless he has a tremendous number of no-shows (doubtful), he should not cram in so many appointments. You can't tell where you fall in the lineup because patients usually sign in and then leave to get a meal, hit the gym or go back home for the next hour to two hours. I never fo there without bringing my own reading material.  	4	1	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
69	1	Dr Mahal is probably the best doctor I have ever seen. He is extremely knowledgeable and takes his time with each and every patient. Yes, that means 2-3 hour waits. But the care you are provided is well worth the wait. His PA is exactly the same. She is just as wonderful as Dr Mahal. Granted, he will probably want to do an endoscopy and/or colonoscopy after your first visit but that's really the only way to find out what's going on in there. You may not be happy with the wait, but you'll be very happy about the service and care that are provided each and every time you visit.  	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
69	1	Agree waiting time is 2-3 hours. Staff very friendly. Doctor very knowledgable, spends time with you to explain in great detail his findings. 	5	1	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	He ALWAYS comes late, no consideration for patient's time.  On your second visit you will wait three or more hours.  He is friendly and does make good conversation, but he is quick to do an endoscopy/colonoscopy, but provides no real solution afterwards.  His assistants are forgetful and you must followup on you lab results.  	2	1	4	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
70	1	This doctor really cares. His staff seems to adore him, and he treats his patients like gold. He's a friendly, kind, knowledgable, lovable man with a heavy, but understandable Polish accent and a perpetual smile on his face. He was recommended to me by a laboratory sales rep that visits his office on a regular basis. This doctor has been known to treat destitute patients and immigrants with concern and kindness and will only accept from them what they can pay. Definately NOT a doctor that's only in it for the money. He spends a lot of time with you and really shows a genuine interest in your health, comfort, and happiness. However, if you don't understand Polish, bring your own reading material ...  there's nothing to read in the waiting room but Polish magazines! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
71	1	Took my appendix out a few years ago.  What a great doctor!  He has an excellent sense of humor and is very compassionate.  As an example of how wonderful he is, he placed the incisions so that I could still wear a bikini.  The aesthetics of my stomach didn't matter to me then, I was in too much pain, but now I'm so grateful!  He also got the help of another doctor when factors changed so that I got a correct diagnosis.  Very thorough, considerate and intelligent. 	 7/20/09	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
71	1	I LOVE THIS DOCTOR HE IS ALWAYS ON TIME. HE WILL SPEND ALOT OF TIME WITH YOU, HE ALSO HAS A HEART OF GOLD.IT IS NEVER ABOUT MONEY HE REALLY CARES FOR HIS PATIENT'S I WOULD TELL ANYONE TO SEE HIM YOU WILL FEEL THE SAME WAY HE IS A RARE FIND.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
71	1	Wonderful Dr., I would highly recomend him to anyone who is in need of a surgery and looking for a Dr. who cares.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
72	1	Dr. Magee is simply a wonderful doctor. He is one of those rare physicians who you would comfortably place your life in his hands with complete confidence. He is not only a brilliant physician, he is one of the kindest people on the planet. I wish we could rate him 7 stars.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
72	1	Dr. Magee is the best doctor.  He takes his time with patients and listens to what they have to say.  He resolved a problem I had been having for months, so I can't say enough good things about him.   I'm so glad I found him! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
72	1	This guy is the best doctor in NJ bar none. He is very knowledgeable and really takes his time with every patient.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
72	1	Dr. Magee is one of the most genuine people I have met.  He takes the time to explain any medical condition or situation in simple layman terms.  The nurses are kind and soothing;  however, the rest of the office staff has a lot to be desired.  Unfortunately, because of the lackluster performance of the office staff and messing up my billing on more than one occasion, I now go to another physician.  It is a crying shame because Dr. Magee is a diamond of a doctor.  	1	2	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
72	1	When physicians use to make house calls they were called &quot;GENTLEMEN&quot;, and Dr. Magee is our 2009 GENTLEMEN.  HE IS WONDERFUL......  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
72	1	dr.gregory magee is the best.  he is very knowlegable and has a wonderful bedside manner! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
72	1	 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	Today was my first visit to Dr. Maier's office. I was so pleased with the outcome. He is so through, patient and comforting. I would highly recommend if you are looking for a Dermatologist who is caring and knowledgeable. I can assure you that you will not be disappointed. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	Dr. Maier knows his stuff.  He is the most knowledgeable and thorough doctor I've been to. He takes the time to explain everything.  My family has been seeing him for over 20 years. I now live in NYC and still travel all the way back to Wayne, NJ just to see him.  Dr. Maier has never made me return for follow up appointments so I disagree with the other comments on this page.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
73	1	This man is an okay doctor.  But he tries to make you come back for unneccessary follow up visits.  I just tell his staff that I am busy (which is true) and that I will call them if I have a problem.  People need to stand up to these maggots.  You shouldn't have to see a doctor TWICE for every minor skin problem.  One time usually is sufficient.  His office is constantly rescheduling and cancelling appointments.  It gets annoying.  They sure don't like it when patients do that. 	2	2	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	This doctor is okay, but he likes to schedule unneccessary follow up appointments. 	2	2	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	Dr Maier takes the time every visit I have with him. He makes you feel comfortable and that you are his only patient. I have referred him to many friends and relatives. They couldn't find a more compative Dr anywhere.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
73	1	Aetna did not pay for my office visit. I went to him for a nail problem. 		3	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
74	1	I was really amazed at how comfortable this doctor made me feel. He was very professional as he explained everything that he was doing and had answers for all the questions that I had. However, I really wish he was associated with Robert Wood Johnson hospital since there is a BIG difference between the staff there and the staff at  Dr. Magier's office. For his expertise and his professionalism, the nurse and the receptionist that works there ruin everything. The receptionist hung up on me as I was expressing my dissatisfaction. I notified them that I had limited insurance and they still sent tests to an external lab which cost me so much money. The nurse that works there acts like she HATES her job, never smiles, never welcomes anyone. I felt so unwelcome there after a close pre-term birth.I felt like the nurse was blaming me for what had happened, since they acted as if I don't need to waste their time.Dr.  Magier,it's time you get a new  staff that reflect your generosity!!!!!!!!!!!! 	1	4	4	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
74	1	The best doctor ever and helpfull staff. They answer for all your questions.  They are soooo nice and sweet!!! :) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
74	1	I simply refuse to believe two negative reviews are true. Dr Magier delivered both of my kids and i almost always accompanied my wife on her appts and obviously during births. Just from dealing with him and his office staff i find it impossible they'd be unreliable or rude to anyone. It's just BS, someone is trying to steer the patients away from his office. I found him to be a true gentleman, very assuring and focused on his duties and responsibilities to his patients. My wife went to few different obgyn doctors before, so i was somewhat surprised she was comfortable with a male doctor, but he is a true professional, treating people with dignity and respect. Same can be said for his all female staff. I've been there quite a few times with my wife and i never witnessed any rudeness or indifference towards anyone. Just seeing how many patients come from distant towns is a testimony of his practice.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
74	1	My best doctor. This year he delivered my baby. First month of my pregnancy I had horrible pain and every time I had questions or called him, Magier was on top, returned calls within an hour or asked me to go to his office. Beside, he is the only doctor who know how to listen patients. I was in my first pregnancy and he never, NEVER left me alone with any concerns. I am pain on neck and I am the type of person very panic and like to bother , so twice I called him on Sundays-ones at 3am...he returned my call. He is worm very sensitive and polite doctor. With my second baby I will have him too. The night of my delivery from Saturday night to Sunday morning he was on phone with nurse checking my status. The nurse was complaining that he bothers her to often. My situation was Csection and they hold me till morning because I have eaten by night. So all to be mams please remember never go to bed with full stomach:)Doctor came smilling in the morning and delivered my baby.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
74	1	I think the previous comments on 8/5/09 and 8/6/09 must be from some CRAZY woman who is trying to ruin Dr. Magier's reputation for no good reason.  There is no way Dr. Magier would ever do something like that.  He is amazing.  I love Dr. Magier he takes you into his office and goes through your medical history before your appointment. He is incredibly thorough and when he doubts something, runs extra tests SAME DAY!  Dr. Magier is the best doctor, not just gynecologist, I've ever had. I live an hour and a half away and I will absolutely always go to his office because his staff actually care about your health and remember your name and make you comfortable, even when you're doing uncomfortable &quot;doctor office&quot; things.  He has tons of free samples in his office and explains everything to you.  I always get a call and 2 personal letters in the mail after tests (one in polish for my mom and one in english!)This doctor is beyond amazing.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
74	1	. The Best Doctor I ever seen! Staff so kind and helpful! I will recommend this practice to everyone!!!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
74	1	Dr Magier is great. I choose this doctor for the first visit. He invited me to his office and ask questions. He was really gentle during the whole visit. Always return calls. Sometimes they connect me straight to his office. Even after hours I am able to talk to him. Never run late with appoitments. Approx. waiting time 10 min. I really recommend Dr Magier. I live hour away from office but I won't change doctor. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
74	1	I can't believe some of the earlier reviews either. Dr. Magier is awesome!!! I was involved in a car accident when I was 8mons pregnant, nothing serious but as a first time mom I was supper scared. After going to the ER - requested him to see me for a same day follow up. His staff gave an appointment asap. He did addln testing and comfort me and my husband. I delivered my baby at full term. Going on my second pregnancy and this doctor still gives me same care and attention. I highly recommend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
74	1	I had a horrible miscarriage where the fetus did not pass. the dr. I was seeing told me to just wait for it to pass naturally. I was mentally stressed because it had been 2 mo. I went to him and his compassion was unmatchable. When I had the surgery, the nurses told me they thought he was a wonderful gentleman. I continue to use him because he is kind, considerate and has a positive attitude. My mom goes to him now as well. I would highly recommend him and his caring staff. BTW, he always returns my calls.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
74	1	I've been a patient for years and was shocked to read some comments about dr. not returning the call. He delivered both mine and my sister's babies and is the only male obgyn I was ever comfortable with. He is very professional, always gets back to me and provides a lot of information. I am now expecting and also due for a surgery and I am very comfortable with my doctor.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
74	-1	I received a letter stating that my biopsy results were normal 2 days after my visit. I called the doctor to question it since they mailed the letter the same day I went to see them, without having the results yet back from the lab.  They said they'll look into it and the doctor will call me back.  The doctor never called me back.  Over the next 3 days I kept calling them to explain why did they send the letter without having the results.  I have also wanted to find out the real results from the biopsy.  They kept saying that the doctor is busy, and will call back later.  He never did.  I was even more nervous to hear back the results, as I was diagnosed with breast cancer about a year before that, and they were taking the biopsy to test for yet another cancer.  They knew my history and yet they were still so uncompassionate and so unhelpful. 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
74	-1	My wife fell down during pregnancy and later that day starting having cramps and the doctor's response on the phone was &quot;I am sure the pregnancy is okay&quot; without even asking anything about the fall or how my wife was feeling. The next day my wife called the doctor again because she was still having cramps and she received no response. On the third day after my wife called for a third time with continual cramps, the doctor still failed to respond and only the receptionist called saying that my wife needed to contact her primary doctor.  	 8/5/09	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
74	-1	We have been to this doctor many times and he always runs late. He also never returns phone calls and even if he does they are usually several days late. The doctor's receptionist is very unfriendly and also very rude. The worst situation was that we received an abnormal blood test result for Down Syndrome and we found out only on the fourth call to the doctor's receptionist. The doctor never returned our calls to explain the meaning of the results and it was only when we went to St.Peter's hospital that we learned the implcations of the screening test.  	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
74	1	I liked the doctor and hes staff.  Unfortunately I had to switch because I wanted to deliver at another hospital.  if he was affiliated with more hospitals I would have definitely stayed with him.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
74	1	during your first visit, he invites you to his office where you discuss your medical history, possible problems, etc which is very nice but unusual because most doctors treat you like a number. during the exam, he's very gentle as he's explaining what he's doing. answers all questions very clearly. makes a woman feel comfortable and relaxed. i already recommended him to my sister, mom, and mother in law.  they all love him 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
75	-1	When I was 20 years old Dr. Madsen ruined my smile.  He told me I had to have veneers to fix a small chip in my front tooth.  He said he couldn't fill it and informed me the only solution was veneers.  He replaced all 6 top front teeth (so they would be even) with horrible chicklet veneers which make me look hard and masculine.  Then I had to pay completely out of pocket.  I hate my smile and am now trying to fix what he did.  Horrible - do not trust. 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
75	-1	. unethical, will do unnecessary procedures and do them badly,  RUN!!! 	2	3	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
76	1	I visit dr. Mahalingam for several years. She was always very attentive, professional, knowledgeable, opened to new scientific developments and discussion.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
76	1	Dr. M is the most excellent of all the doctors I have encountered.  RE: heart issues, she has top notch knowledge and actually saved me by ordering an immediate Catherization. She takes time, makes an effort and follows up.  Best of all, she always explains what is going on. I've never experienced anyone that works harder. She has a network of doctors that she recommends, if and when your problem is out of her expertise.  EACH doctor has been excellent.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
76	1	Dr Mahalingham is very knowledgeable and Ive been very pleased with her care for both myslef and my husband. She is a wonderful doctor who listens. Her appointments are without long waits ever. She is generally concerned and takes the time to talk to you and explain everything.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
76	1	An excellent cardiologist.  Knowledgeable, gentle, caring.  I highly recommend her. The west windsor office much better with wait time.  Princeton was packed.  She will take her time with you and do a thorough exam. Dr. Mahalingham also takes the time to answer questions and to explain things.  A very good experience with this doctor. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
77	-1	Dr. Maimone treated me rudely. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
78	-1	Please avoid this doctor! I went in for a consultation with this doctor and even though I wasn't ready to have any procedure done, he kept insisting, almost pressuring me, to have the procedure that day. Worst mistake I ever made and I should have trusted my instincts from the beginning. Dr. Macri injected an ENTIRE  syringe of Restalyne, one for each eye, which was beyond too much, and besides the severe bruising I looked so swollen. I waited two weeks for the swelling to go down but it never did. After spending $1100, I had two huge lumps under my eyes and looked so much worse than when I went in there. When I went back in to have him look at his terrible job he completely blew me off and said it looked &quot;great&quot; and to just use more foundation!!!! I ended up having to spend another $400email with another doctor in order to have the filler removed. Please avoid this uncaring, money hungry doctor! 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
78	-1	Years ago, Dr. Macri was a covering physician while my mother's primary physician was on vacation.  My Mom was in her 90's.  One evening Mom was in pain.  I knew her primary physician was away.  I took her to the Emergency Room.  The Emergency Room Staff told me they couldn't do anything for the pain and to consult the covering physician.  I took Mom home and called Dr. Macri.  He YELLED at me for going to the Emergency Room first, before consulting him, and then hung up on me, leaving me with a 90 year old in pain and without any solution.  ETHICAL BEHAVIOR &#63;&#63;&#63;  As the years have passed, I've noted his transition for Emergency to General Practice to Cosmetic Surgery.  He gave new meaning to the phrase - arrogance of the physician. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
78	0	I trusted this doctor as he has given me Dysort without any problems. Recently he put Radiesse in to my nasolabial folds. He injected  more product on the left side of my face due to a deeper line. When I went back for a follow up the left side wasnt corrected &amp; I developed a lump between my nostril &amp; upper lip. He put more product in the left side of face. Now my face is asymetrical &amp; I have nodules inside my lower lips the size of nickels. He put saline in one of the nodules, but it didnt go down. When I went back a few days later for him to help me, he implied that he was doing me a favor by &quot;taking time&quot; with me &quot;to make sure I was happy&quot; - and that others doctors wouldnt take time with me. He then completely &amp; apatheticaly told me &quot;there is nothing I can do for you &quot; and sent me on my way with nodules in my mouth. Not the ethical behavior someone would expect from a Dr. who took a hippocratic oath or who claims to be a better doctor than most. STAY AWAY FROM THIS DOCTOR . 	3	3	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	Dr. Maio is an extremely patient dentist and I am not the best patient(phobias). I never feel any pain or discomfort during my visits.  Highly recommend!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
79	1	Really curtious and professional dentist.  Was able to research a novacaine that actually worked on me! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	AMAZING AND TALENTED DENTIST AND STAFF.  I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS OFFICE. SS 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	he is very gentle. Explains everything to you.  staff is great! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
80	1	Very professional and competent dentists and staff 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	We have used this practice for many years, and would not even think of going any where else.  Dr. Mackey is friendly, amazing and his staff is very helpful.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Assurant
81	-1	We were shocked by Dr. Mackeyâ€™s response when we asked him whether he knew how much we would need to pay for the regular checkout; he asked us â€œdo you want to check or not&#63;â€ We asked him to give us a call, but he never return us a call. He charged us money for a new pair of contact lenses ($340), but his office never call us to pick up the lenses. When we asked why office did not give us a call. They said we called long time ago and gave us very bad attitude. But our phone call history did not show they had called. We requested to talk to doctor, but doctor doesn't return our calls. 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	Dr Madden is amazing! You truly feel listened to and cared about and his staff is wonderful.He takes his time and really listens.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
82	1	Reminds me of an old time doctor. Takes the time to talk to you. Listen to you.  He has a top notch staff! kCg 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
83	1	Dr. Mahon is a very good doctor.  He's a great listener and my 19 year old son still goes to him.  He's good with young children, and equally as good with teens.  He has a calm manner and a sense of humor.  You and your child can talk to him about anything.  Throughout the years, If there is something the practice couldn't help your child with, they will refer you to a specialist for a another opinion.  His neckties will make you smile.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
83	1	Dr. James Mahon is an amazing Pediatrician.  I am a very intelligent woman.  Dr. Mahon is not only extremely intelligent, but hard-working, kind, caring, intuitive and the absolute best Pediatrician I have ever encountered. He does not push antibiotics.  He speaks with the children, looking into their eyes and acknowledges that they are human.  He cares more about the children than about impressing their parents (which he does automatically anyway.)  My three daughters have been under his care for 14 years, and I would be devastated if I ever had to find another doctor.  I am an attorney, so I am even more cautious about what could go wromg.   I recommend this doctor with no hesitation! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
83	1	I've had a number of negative experiences at this practice, mainly with rude, non-compassionate, and impatient behaviour of staff members.  Most of the doctors of the practice seem competent, though as the leaders of the business, the fact that the staff remains sub-par, in my opinion, is enough to make me look elsewhere for a more caring and warm environment. 	1	3	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
83	1	this doctor is fantastic. I orginially started with dr. Rayman who is a good doctor but not the kind of person I was looking for for my son. Dr. Mahon is extremely sweet, all the time, he never discounts the questions u have, he's wonderful and great with the babies.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
84	1	She is honest and helpful. Gives good old-fashioned advice on top of good medical advice. Great doctor for my daughter! 	3	5	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
84	-1	. Let's just say that if you love your child and don't want them to die, don't take them to this doctor! 	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
85	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
86	-1	Poor bedside manner.   Not empathetic. Does not treat patient as an individual; rushed cared.  Careless about diagnosis.  Does not listen to patient. 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	. I love this Dr my son had a different pediatrician and he was always sick until I switched over to Malantic 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
88	0	.  	1	3	3	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
88	-1	I have to say regretfully that the receptinist was one of the rudest people I have ever dealt with. My mother in law goes there too, and she said the same same!! Dr.Magniso is a good doctor, but there office staff needs some lessons in CUSTOMER SERVICE. Because of the rude office staff, I will be seeing another doctor.  	1	4	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
88	1	BOTH MY HUSBAND AND I WENT TO DR. MAGSINO TO GET OUR ANNUAL PHYSICALS DONE. IT WAS OUR FIRST TIME SEEING HIM, AND IT WAS A PLEASURE! HE WAS PROMPT, ANSWERED ALL OF OUR QUESTIONS, HE WAS KIND AND TOOK THE TIME TO GET TO KNOW US. THE STAFF WAS GREAT TOO! THEY WERE VERY COURTEOUS. AND THERE WAS VIRTUALLY NO WAIT TIME! MY HUSBAND AND I BOTH RECEIVED COMPLETE PHYSICALS AND WE WERE DONE AND GONE IN A LITTLE MORE THAN AN HOUR.  LOOKS LIKE WE FOUND OUR NEW FAMILY DOCTOR! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
89	1	Dr. Machler has been a tremendous help to my child with severe eczema.  He looked skin care habits as well as topical treatments to control the condition. I wish he participated with Aetna. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	Very thorough and professional.  Although he's a busy doctor in a busy practice, he never appears rushed and takes the time to listen to your concerns.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
89	1	Dr. Machler is an intelligent and reliable physician who truly cares for his patients.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
89	1	 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
90	1	A realy Good, Fast and Knowledgeble doctor, I've been never disapointed with him, realy sincere cares about his patients comfort. 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
92	-1	Last year she was warm, informative and interested.  This year she was distant, disinterested, and dismissive.  She did not want to talk at all about my gynecological health and instead focused on the importance of my receiving the Pertussis vaccine!  It was the oddest gynecological exam I have ever had.  	2	4	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
92	-1	.  	2	3	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
92	1	I met Dr. Magaril on Christmas Eve 2001. I bless the day we met. She saved me from an unnecessary surgery another OB/GYN doctor wanted to do. To this day I believe I would never have had my son (born in 2003) if it was not for her expertise. I had a high risk pregnancy and throughout the entire 9 months she was very attentive, thorough and always answered my questions - and there were many! The day my son was born she was there from beginning to end and reassured me that everything would be fine and it was. I have never felt rushed and actually had the opposite feeling that she is extremely patient and  thorough. Dr. M has performed 2 ovarian surgeries on me and was always caring, respectful and never took short cuts. I LOVE Dr. Magaril and would and have recommended her to other women.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
92	1	very knowledgeable, thorough and caring.If you want a very good ob, see Dr. Magaril. And when she refers you to a specialist, he/she will be a very good specialist.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
92	1	This was my first visit to Dr. Magaril and I found her to be the warmest gynecologist I have ever met.  She took a very thorough history, listened to all my questions, and gave complete answers.  She has wonderful bedside manner.  I do think the call in system for test results is odd and I will see how that goes.   I highly recommend her! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
92	1	While in the first trimester of my first pregnancy I was with another practice, and having complications- which my doctor was blowing off.  I called  Dr. Magaril's office- who was recommended to me by a friend, and they told me to come right in. I credit Dr. Magaril for saving my pregnancy.  I have been blessed to have delivered three healthy babies - all high risk pregnancies well managed by Dr. Magaril (& Dr.  Lublin).  I am so grateful for the caring and expertise of both Dr. Magaril &amp; Dr.Lublin.  It is without reservation that I would recommend this practice.  Yes, you do have to wait at times- but remind yourself that maybe the doctor is taking extra time with a patient who might be experiencing some sort of trauma or complication...I have been on both sides or this.  All the best.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
92	0	Test results- whether positive or negative- are obtained by calling into a voice mailbox system- pretty cold when the results are not good.  Wait times are often close to an hour, even early in the morning.  Staff constantly passes the buck- seem like everytime i call, i am told to call back later when someone else is there.  Doctor is all business- knowledgable, but not warm.  	1	2	2	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
92	1	I will admit that when I first met Dr. Magaril I thought she was a bit cold. However, each time I had an issue during my pregnancy, she seemed to be the one to see me. She was SO reassuring and kind, and really helped me relax. She took the time to speak with me at each visit. I think she is fantastic.  	2	2	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
92	-1	No bed side manners. Dr. Magaril is always in hurry. She is not rude but not very friendly. The staff and doctors are always stressed out. I am 20 weeks pregnant and I have hardly spent more than 5 min. talking with the doctor. Only mid-wife seems to be patient.  	3	2	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
92	-1	i did not have a good experience with this doctor.  i feel she has a terrible bedside manner.  i have changed doctors. 	3	3	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	Office staff seems to pass the buck alot. I had to make 4 calls just to get an appt for suspicious symptoms I had. Had to explain each time to someone different what my story was. Doctor didn't seem too alarmed with test results. Not a chatty person. I'm thinking of looking somewhere else.  	3	5	3	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
92	1	The office seems to be hectic. There are 2 other doctors with better bed side manners. However the knowledge is impressive. Midwife nurse is also nice. Overall decent practice. 	4	3	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	Very skilled and highly competent.  May not be 'warm and fuzzy', but takes the best care of her patients, and is the most thorough doctor I have seen. Would definitely recommend her.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
92	0	Not very compassinate, lacking the &quot;bed-side manner&quot;.  The doctors seem rushed all the time -- making you feel like you are not a priority. 	3	3	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	Really takes her time and is very careing.  agressive and not lay back if she thinks there is a problem she will adress it and not wait until there is one.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
92	0	Very abrupt manner. Not very friendly. Her office is always stressed out, very difficult to make contact with a doctor or nurse. 	1	1	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	Wonderful OB/GYN and great staff....Highly recommend 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
93	-1	. very bad doctor didnt know how to diagnose me dr mackessy linden nj i dont know how he got his doctors degree very saddddddd 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
93	-1	Although he was nice, on time, and seems to mean well, he is not knowledgable about the vast potential medical issues out there.  	2	5	2	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
94	1	I had a wonderful experience at  this office.   I am usually apprehensive about dental work but I would highly recommend Dr Makhoul 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
94	-1	Went to Dr Makhoul a few times. He is expensive and he did one filling for me. I have never had a cavity filled by a dentist and experience pain every time I chew something somewhat hard on my tooth.  Usually the tooth is sensitive for a few weeks and then the tooth feels normal. It has been over 6 months and now I have to look for another dentist to fix this tooth.  Plus he is expensive and rushes you out the door. I really feel he missed a few steps in filling this cavity. I have had plenty of cavities filled in the past and never experienced something like this...I would not recommend. 	 5/11/11	1	2	1	Insurance:Unknown
94	1	My father, who is almost 78 years old, has been going to Dr. Makhoul for many, many years.  He finds Dr. Makhoul pleasant and easy to talk to, and credits him with keeping his teeth and mild gum disease in great shape! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
95	-1	Worst Dr. I have ever been to. Doesn't seem to care about patient. Thinks he knows what is best for you and your input doesn't matter. The treatment he prescribed did not work and had side effects. I just moved to PA and the treatment I had previously was working fine, but he changed it completly for at least 10 times the cost (higher cost).  When I asked for a change, he changed part of it, but totally refused to do any more and would not even discuss it anymore. Overall he was very arrogant, not approachable and above all, I am not doing well and there is nothing I can do about it because &quot;he is right&quot; and I apparently don't know what is good for me.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
96	1	extremely late with appointment. staff was loud in the front office and rude.The examination room could be cleaner and more tidy. Doctor seemed to know what he is doing 	1	1	4	4 	Insurance:Medicare
96	-1	In my opinion, office treatment rooms unsanitary, physician's techniques not done as they should be to prevent infections, staff unpleasant. 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
96	-1	Incredibly rude and insensitive office staff.  Waited weeks for appt to be told morning of that it needed to be earlier in day because of &quot;many cancellations&quot; and &quot;doctor will not wait an hour between appointments&quot;.  The appt was set at 2 pm but they said it needed to change to 12:30pm or reschedule to another day.  On such short notice, unable to do.  New appt. at 2pm offered 2 weeks later and they could not guarantee they wouldn't try to make earlier on the day of if there were cancellations.  Why insist clients who plan and intend to keep appts change because of people who cancel&#63;  Unacceptable policy.  Was first in a string of appt.s to diagnose a problem and delayed entire process.  When having a medical issue, the last thing anyone needs is a rude, uncaring, and rigid office staff.  Save time and aggravation by choosing a different practice from start. 	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
96	1	Made us feel very relaxed. Helpful, will take the time with you. Was in the office for about 10 minutes and with the doctor for an hour.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
97	1	Dr. David G. MacBride is a stupendous physician. His bedside manner is impecable and he has a big heart. I would recommend him to everyone I know. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
98	1	My two and almost four year old absolutely love Dr. Madan. She truly makes going to the dentist a FUN experience for young children! Not only is she kind, patient and fun, but I've never had to wait longer than ten minutes in the waiting room, a MUST sitting with very small children. I can't say enough great things about this office. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
99	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
