dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	Office stinks. Overbooked. Doctor was sleepy when I went for my checkup. I didn't know if my results were accurate after that visit. Staff is rude. Secretary doesn't cooperate. 	 4/23/12	3	3	5	Insurance:Unknown
1	-1	Very over booked. Performed a ovarian cyst remaoval, and sent me home with 12cm of my ureter missing. I needed emergency surgery less than a week later. Biggest cover up I ever saw. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	. dr salm was pleasent knowledgeable and took all the time we needed  he and his staff followed thru on appts and helped get my family thru a difficult time 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
2	-1	The most arrogant and unkind physician I have ever met.  His medical knowledge is not cutting edge. His medical advice is not current or up to date at all. He will not listen to any other ideas or opinions that you may have about your care. He thinks he knows everything, but his knowledge is not current at all. If he ever came in as a consult to me or any of my family members in the hospital again, I would ask to see another physician.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
2	1	My mother has been seeing Dr.Salm for YEARS. He and the staff are actually very friendly and informative.My mother has COPD and is on 3L oxygen 24/7. Dr. Salm always spends quality time  during all visits and traets my mom and our family with RESPECT. In responce to any negative  comments about Dr. Salm. Accepting the fact that a family member my have a serious respitory problem can be rough. Before writing anything negative  try to look at the situation objectively and  get out of the denial stage.      My mom and her family have nothing but good things to say about Dr.  Salm!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
3	1	Very compassionate, knowledgeable. Listens to me. Orders diagnostic tests as needed. Has been my doctor for years. With all the things wrong with me, she always &quot;gets it right&quot;. Almost like she''s psychic. 	2	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	She is very soft and cheerful.  Makes me feel comfortable and that is a feat since I have white coat syndrone.  	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Medicare
4	1	Dr. Sabo was the doc who finally diagnosed my mother's dementia.  5 neurologists dismissed her symptoms over a 2 year period until we found Dr. Sabo.  She diagnosed her on the first visit by doing simple tests the &quot;specialists&quot; never did.  She has been a pleasure to deal with over the last several years.  Listens to both the patient and family.  Addresses issues. Michelle in her office is wonderful as well. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	-1	The absolute worst. Bedside manner is lousy too. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	Very fine Psychiatrist. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	He is a very patient doc and a good doc too 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	He knows his stuff.i had robotic sergery.up and around the next day 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	Dr.  Salamon is such a kind doctor and explains everything to his patients! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
8	1	Wonderful doctor; was very compassionate and caring. Dr. Saeed put me at ease and actually cared- this was clear from the minute I met her. She was also very knowledgeable and had all the needed equipment in her office so I didnt have to make yet another appointment. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	Extremely patient and compassionate.She is very proficient.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	Wonderful experience! Great bed side manner - welcoming. He used procedures that aren't drastic, suggested home remedies if needed rather than prescribing drugs. Very thorough - source of information.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	I had the pain in my foot and no idea what to do. The pain was unbearable so I decided to go to Dr. Sabin(who was highly recomended by a friend). The staff made me feel so comfortable and I found Dr. Sabin to be more than helpful evidenced by his accurate diagnosis. The pain dissipated and I was back to my normal schedule. I know see Dr. Sabin on a regular basis and was very impressed. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	I found the entire experience extremely satisfying-the staff is so helpful. It's a small office, but no problem getting a convenient appointment, on time service, polite friendly group that seem to be enjoying their work. I went in for an ingrown toenail which he took care of without a fuss and it felt better immediately.I have no complaints whatsoever, 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	doctor sabin is the best he knows his stuff and has fixed me up in no time His staff is also friendly and efficient 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	Dr. Sabin was great.  He was very friendly and actually listens to what you have to say.  Dr. Sabin performed a small procedure on my big toe that had me feeling better the next day.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
9	1	I went to Dr. Sabin for heel pain I had been experiencing for some time.  He immediately diagnosed it as plantar fasciitis and placed me on a comprehensive treatment regimen.  The pain subsided within a couple weeks.  I found Dr. Sabin to be professional, knowledgeable, and friendly. I would recommend him without reservation for anyone looking for a competent and trustworthy podiatrist.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
9	-1	Family member saw Dr. Sabin years ago and we were satisfied with his treatment, which is why I chose to see him regarding a painful arch. As previous rater indicated, received a minimal exam, a wrap, the same preprinted list of shoes to buy. The callous he scraped was no better after the treatment. Quite disappointed and for that,my insurance was billed $$$$, including $50 for the &quot;strapping&quot; of my arch with coflex, which is probably a few dollars at retail. Sadly, it is ALL about the insurance now. Looking for someone who still has passion and integrity in their practice.  	4	4	2	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
9	-1	very personable, but not helpful at all. Left Big toe very painful, he diagnosed it as arthritis.I wonder why thereis no arthritis anywhere else. I feel it must be a hairline fracture, and am hopeful he will give me a prescription for an xray without charging my insurance company and me a second time.I guess doctors get complacent when there is so much easy insurance money.  	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
9	-1	As a 27 year old active male, I went to Dr. Sabin for help with running-related foot problems.  He barely looked at my feet and I felt like he was just reading his diagnosis (if you can call it that) out of a text book from 1964.  He told me that the only solution to my problems would be to not run anymore with no analysis of my gait and extremely minimal analysis of the foot structure.  He then charged my insurance company over $200 for  essentially filling out a checklist that included a calf stretch and list of aftermarket shoe insoles.  No wonder our healthcare system is in shambles.  	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	Personable and easy to talk to. Very helpful for my sons problem.  Was actually seen earlier than my scheduled apt. (a first for me) and the office staff was very pleasant! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
9	1	It was an over all great experience. The staff was friendly and Dr Sabin was very nice.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	1	Excellent experience. Highly competent physician. Minimal wait time (I saw her at Accredited's Holmdel office). No complaints. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	0	Dr. Safa has a wonderful bedside manner. Which helps you forget about the obstacle coarse you have to go through to get an appointment. That is if you don't schedule one ahead of time. If you call an  operator will switch you to a voice mail.And you will have to wait for someone to call you back. That could take days! God forbid if it's an emergency. It seems they are always too busy to pick up the phone. It drives me crazy. Inez you better get your act together!!!! Your office skills SUCK!!!! Blue Cross Blue Shield 	1	4	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	She is a knowledgeable and caring doctor. Great bed side manner.  Is able to throughly answer all questions and takes the time to give explainations. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	When Dr. Safa is treating you, it is as if you were her only patient. If you are interested in a caring doctor with a great bedside manner look no further. She is very thorough and makes sure to follow up when necessary. I have been seeing her for 5 years and she just gets better. 	5	5	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
12	0	I agree with the above. The office, staff and everything there is nothing but a big mess. The doctor speaks her opinion and is not affraid to tell you in your face. They care about quantity not quality...  	1	1	3	2 	Insurance:CIGNA
12	-1	The office is chaos. Be prepared for a looong wait in a crowded waiting room. I saw her twice and at both visits she was in a hurry, wouldnt answer my questions and wanted me to take hormones even though my hormone levels were normal. When I asked why, she was rude enough to through me the prescription and say &quot;If you want to take it, you take. If you dont, dont take it!&quot;. I could not believe it. I am a dentist and I am pretty sure that that is not the way patients should be treated. Do not waste your time at her office.  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
13	1	Dr.Sahni has taken care of me for many years.He answers all my questions,spends time with me,and has made sure I keep my heart healthy.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
13	1	Dr. Sahni has taken excellent care of both my elderly parents for over 25 years. Under his care, my Dad lived to 94-yrs. My Mom is 94-yrs plus, and still doing well. I credit God &amp; Dr. Sahni for their longevity. Sure, sometimes you wait in the office, so bring a book. His wait time is not much different than most doctors. He's busy because he knows his stuff, that's why so many people go to him for help. His staff has always been gracious to my parents &amp; to me.  My family's experience has been very positive for the past 25 years - how often can you say that these days&#63; 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
13	-1	Doctor is very unreliable, staff if the same.Does not show up at the hospital to do procedures Do not count on him for any thing. He is always rushed does not alot any time for consultation.  Find another Doctor 	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	1	It seems to be a very busy practice so I try to be tolerant of the excessive waiting for the dr. to come in and see me. He seems to be very rushed so I am still evaluating his value at diagnosis and subsequent treatment regimes. 	5	1	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	I have been going to Dr. Saez Lacy for 10 years now.  In my opinion she is fantastic.  She always greets me year to year with a smile and can pick up a conversation from the last year I had seen her.  When I needed surgery on my cervix she called me personally and explained everything.  If I called her office to ask a question she got back to me within the same day.  I have recommended her to many friends! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	-1	I haven't been to an OBGYN in 16 years because Dr. Saez-Lacy almost killed me when I was 12. She ignored my complaints, told my mother I 'just didn't want to go to school', and ultimately her negligence cost me an ovary and a fallopian tube. I went into septic shock because the football sized cyst I had, which she refused to operate on, torsed around my reproductive organs and they turned black with necrosis and had to be taken out. I was just searching for a new OBGYN because after 16 years in therapy, I am finally sort of ready for a followup appointment. This woman is rude, unprofessional, and mean spirited. She will ignore you, laugh at you, and potentially kill you. I sued her and lost because of a clerical error.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	Dr. Saez-Lacy is the best OBGYN I have ever seen. She is informative personal and treats me like a human and not just another face. I would highly recommend her to anyone and I look forward to her assisting me when I decide to have children.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
14	-1	I was experiencing what was my second miscarriage when I spoke with Dr. Saez-Lacy. I explained my concern as she preceded tell me I was an idiot for taking a few pregnancy tests and she &quot;didn't have a magic probe to come through the phone to see if I was still pregnant&quot;. She was rude and told me &quot;I was not an emergency&quot; and don't bother going to the ER because it was a waste of time and money. She said I would have to call the office Monday because she was not concerned and hung on me. As a professional you would think she would tell me to stay calm and it could be something as simple as implantation bleeding. I was speechless and cried for hours after that phone call. I have never been treated so rudely especially at the worst time of my life. The next day I did go to the ER and was miscarrying. I ADVISE TO STAY FAR FROM THIS PRACTICE!!! Please find another doctor who has a heart and concern for you and your child. B 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	Dr. Saez-Lacy is an outstanding physician and an extraordinarily kind person.   I wish I could have her as my primary! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	I have been a patient for 17 years and have to say she hasn't delivered my children because I had high risk pregnancies, but she made sure I went to the best specialists.  She saved my life when she diagnosed a tubal pregnancy I had and immediately got me to the ER and emergency surgery was preformed.  Her quick thinking and kindness will never be forgotten.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	I have been a patient of Dr.Saez-Lacy for more than 11 years.  She's a wonderful doctor with a great bedside manner.  She answers all of your questions and is kind and caring.  I have friends and family that go to some of the other doctors in the practice (Brielle OBGYN) and they are all happy with their doctors as well.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	-1	I went to the group before I got pregnant, and had a fine experience.  However, once I got pregnant and had major complications, I was treated as if there were no problems.  I ended up switching OBs at 4 months, and when I did, I was immediately place in the hospital for 2 days.  Dr. Saez-Lacy was the doctor who told me that a loss of 20 lbs. wasn't anything to worry about in my 2nd trimester. 	3	3	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	Receptionist upon arrival acted like she was doing you a favor.  Dr. Saez-Lacy was wonderful, took the time to listen to me and made sure I had all of my questions answered.  	 11/17/08	3	1	5	Insurance:Oxford
14	1	Dr Saez-Lacy is the best, my mother and sister also go to her office in Brielle.  She delivered my daughter in April 2008 by c-section.  She made me very comfortable, she truely understands my body and has great bed side manner.  She a five star in my book.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	Dr. Saez-Lacy makes you feel very comfortable.  She is very easy going and knowledgeable. As a larger sized woman, I am always in tune to how I am being treated. I have always felt respected and made to feel comfortable.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	Explained everything thoroughly and answered all my questions in a calm and supportive manner. 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	Love her! She has been my ob/gyn for ten years. She will spend as much time as you require to answer any/all questions. She is a sweetheart and a terrific doctor. The other four doctors in the practice are also all pretty personable and knowledgable. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	Dr. Sadik is the BEST!!! My son is almost 13 and she has been his Doctor ever since he was born.  Whenever there is an issue with him, he asks to see her.  She talks to him in a way that he can understand whats going on. Our appointments are always on time and the staff is always friendly and helpful. Even though we just moved out of state, I still call thier office with questions relating to my son. I will always recommend Dr. Sadik's office to anyone who asks. they are all FANTASTIC AND PROFESSIONAL!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	I have known Dr. Sadik for over 24 years and my children never want to leave her practice! Her knowledge and bedside manner cannot be duplicated.  Her staff has been with her forever.  I might ad, with regard to a prior comment on this site, at that time (October 2011) her office was under renovation after an internal flood.  If you want the best, she is the one.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	-1	Office looks dirty, moldings and trimmings hanging off the wall. Staff was rude and unhelpful. Daughter would have been a first time client, I was shocked considering they are located in freehold across from the hospital. The doctor might be fine, but the staff/decor was a was real deterrent, we left the office.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
15	0	. The dr was fine very thorough, but the Staff was incredibly rude and supported each other in poor customer service - nurse cmanded my 11 yr old to drop to his underwear before he even met the dr - very demoralizing! 	1	3	2	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	1	dr. sadik has been our doctor for 21 years. my daughter is 21, my son 18, and they still prefer to see her. need i say more&#63; she has been wonderful and competant, caring, without fail for all of these years. her staff is also very helpful and professional - they are a reflection of the doctor. and the office is colorful and clean - she decorates to create a welcoming atmosphere for the children. my kids have always been comfortable with her because she has the perfect bedside manner with warmth and toughness as needed. we trust her and we love her. my kids are on the verge of being too old to go and i  dread the day we have to move on.......  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	1	I have used Dr. Sadik since my daughter was born 17 years ago.  She still has the same staff, which is very reassuring.  She diagnosed my daughter with a rare blood disorder promptly 15 years ago, sought information from a specialist and helped to ensure the right treatment at our local hospital, since we couldn't get to the specialist in the blizzard.  Dr. Sadik truly loves the children for whom she provides medical care.  She talks to my daughter, and provides practical as well as medical advice when she feels it will help.  She provides information and instructions carefully when needed, and also &quot;scolds&quot; my daughter when she gets out of line or complains about spurious illnesses.  My daughter trusts Dr. Sadik completely, and will be heartbroken when she soon needs to change to an &quot;adult&quot; physician.  Oh, and when my daughter was an infant Dr. Sadik took as much time as we needed to answer any questions regarding development or potential medical problems.   She is a GEM! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	Dr. Saleeb is a pediatric cardiologist & was excellent. She had a good bedside manner & was very, very knowledgeable!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	HIS ALL DAY. HE NICE AS HELL.... VERY HELPFUL... KNOWS A LOT ABOUT NEUROLOGY..... ESPECIALLY PEDRIATIC NEUROLOGY!!! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	very good doctor he is very helpful and very kind.  he is also very knowledgeable and a nice person.  his staff is also very kind and friendly.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
18	1	This doctor listens to you.  Took him 1.5hrs to go over my medical history and details of the life style.  Knowledgeable and kind.  Won't rush you out the door like most other doctors. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	the BEST--BAR NONE.  eXTREMELY KNOWLEDGEABLE, UNDERSTANDING AND GOOD LISTENER.  HIS DIAGNOSTIC SKILLS ARE AMAZING.  HE ESPECIALLY LIKES(and handles well) children but is outstanding with all who come into his ER 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
21	1	I REALLY LIKE THE OFFICE. THE SPANISH GIRL IN THE FRONT IS VERY RUDE. OUT OF THE REST OF THE STAFF THEY ARE OK. BARBARA AND MARIA ARE GREAT. MARIA HAS BEEN THERE SINCE I FIRST STARTED GOING TO DR SALESE AND SHE IS VERY HELPFULL THE GIRL THAT SITS NEXT TO HER TOO. THE GIRL IN THE FRONT NEED TO LEARN SOME MANNERS SHE IS VERY RUDE AND NASTY SHE COULD LEARN HOW TO TALK TO THE PATIENTS WE COME THERE FOR HELP NOT FOR HER TO BE NASTY. DR. SALESE IS THE BEST DR I EVER HAD. IF HE COULD FIND MORE STAFF LIKE MARIA BARBARA AND THE GIRL THAT SITS NEXT TO MARIA HE WOULD HAVE THE PERFECT STAFF 	3	3	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	Besides being knowledgeable he's kind and considerate.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	I had been a patient of Dr Salese for more of 15 years. He's an outstanding physician. He always treat me with utmost care and he saved my life when he discovered a serious illness in my heart in 2000. He always refer me to top specialists. I love Dr Salese in the way he has been helping us over the years to stay healthy. Without a doubt Dr Salese is a top New Jersey professional. The office staff is.... the worst ever, loud, unprofessional. Lots of people said exactly the same, and they should be fired. But Dr Salese in in the others hand is an amazingly good doctor.  C 	1	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	I will never go back.   The office staff is low end, loud, unprofessional and this was my first impression!  They must be holding something over the doctor because it is amazing they continue to hold a job in this economy! 	1	4	4	4 	Insurance:Aetna
21	0	Love Dr. Salese, he really does care, however his office staff are brutal. They can be rude and abrubt.  This makes it hard to continue to see him.  They all seem more worried about money than your care.  	1	2	2	4 	Insurance:Aetna
21	1	Very good Dr. Sends you to a specialist right away if he is unsure. Doesn't spend a lot of time with you, but more than other Drs i have been to. Close to the appointment time. His staff can be very abrupt with people, and are very loud in the office. They even make fun of patients. Never heard a staff like them before, anywhere. I still go for him, as i trust him over all the GPs i have seen. He does seem quite concerned with money, but as long as he is treating me and my family correctly, i don't care.  		3	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
21	0	Seems concerned about money all the time. This is all he talks about! Forgot my copay once and was refused my scheduled visit, even though I said I'd pay the next visit. Not very thorough. Seems more concerned about filling the examining rooms. Spends little time with his patients. 		3	3	2 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	Didn't realize dentists were listed here , just noticed it so decided to see if my dentist of 20 years was listed.  To my surprise , no ratings .Dr. Saczawa is the most talented and caring dentist you could find . His office is helpful and efficient , appointments are on time.I would highly recommend. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	I am writing this review because I had a great experience meeting Dr. Sabo and a successful surgery. If you are an educated person you will appreciate how knowledgeable and detail oriented this doctor is. I went to quite a few doctors before being referred to Dr. Sabo. I trusted my instincts and he did my cervical fusion. I suffered in agony for 9 mo. I finally had surgery. When I woke up I thought why did I wait so long! Thank you Dr. Sabo for giving me back my life! You rock! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	-1	. very bad bed side manner, surgery was a failure but he basically told my i was a liar and was not really in pain 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Workers Comp
23	-1	This guy has messed up more casino dealers I have worked with over the years then I can remember.Everyone of my friends that had surgery from him had problems.They all say the same his bedside manner stinks as well as how he does surgery cause they all have had problems,and some have been major.I had spinal fusion a year ago in Miami.When I was first in my accident I saw Dr Sabo for a consult.He sent me for a few shots then reccomended 2 level fusion when the shots did nothing for me.Anyway as I have learned from 20 or so of my friends that have had spinal fusion you need to seek out the best Dr neurosurgeon you can find and dont have an orthopedic surgeon do it cause everyone of my friends that had orthos had major problems.Get a Dr. that only does spine surgery and one that one does your specific surgery say lumbar spine fusions only or thorasic only dr that is the best way to go.Recovery is very very long so Good Luck and God Bless.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
24	1	very knowledgable and capable.... treats each patient as a whole person.... does not take assignment of insurance benefits, but does submit forms for you.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
24	1	Dr. Sacco was very knowlegeable and compassionate during my wifes cancer diagnosis and treatment.  Dr. Sacco spent a lot of time with us explaining our treatment and surgery options.  Dr. Sacco performed three surgical procedures, lumpectomy, port and bi lateral mastectomy on wife all with excellent outcomes.  We recommend her.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	-1	.  	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:CIGNA
25	1	Dr Salob is very competent and did a great job on my wife's torn knee meniscus however, the offic is packed and last visit I waited close to one and a half hours for too quick a visit, this is probably the exception but not good at all! I saw him for a shoulder issue.  	3	1	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
26	1	Dr. Salb! There are so many good things to say about this man. He is an excellent oral surgeon. This doctor did a complete jaw reconstruction job on me. It is now 20 years later and if I do not tell you that I had it done you can never tell that it was done. In the 20 years since it has been done I have had no problems what so ever with my jaw. His bedside manner is wonderful and if I ever needed an oral surgeon again I would definitly use him and resommend him to others. If you need dental work done then this is the man to go to. Take it from me. He is truly wonderful. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	A wonderful experience and if I ever see an oral surgeon it will only be Dr Salb. His staff was great. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	This doctor is excellent . Great bedside manner. I had 12 teeth removed under anestesia i his office. The staff is awesome. Very personalble and caring excellent work. It has been 5 hours since I got home I am up and just a little sore.Highly recommend this dentist for all your oral surgery needs.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
27	1	Exceptional skill, I have been turned down by two other surgeons as my case was a complex implant reconstruction. I had no jaw bone to work with. Dr. Saker spent an hour at the consultation time to explain to me how he would design my surgeries. i had three surgeries done by him now, he made every one seem effortless. He exudes confidence and knowledge.my jaws are fully functional and very comfortable. I highly recommend him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	The best doctor I've ever met. Very professional. He makes the procedure easy and painless. Because of him I've changed my opinion about dentistry. My tooth extraction took less than 5 min and was pain free. Very recommended. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	I have just had a dental implant place and I want to tell everyone I know about my great experience with Dr. Saker.  His staff is just outstanding and his office is very comfortable and truly state of the art. He used an incredible 3D scan of my mouth to plan my treatment.  I feel that he has a tremendous skill and a commitment to excellence which was so evident in the treatment he gave me. My implant was painless and I think my whole experience was just perfect.  I can describe Dr. Saker and his staff with one word, that is &quot;Quality&quot; and it is definitely with a capital Q. I would recommend him highly to anyone looking for an exceptional Oral Surgeon. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	Dr. Saker is one of the BEST oral surgeons in NJ. He is not only extremely knowledgeable, but also a patient and caring man as well. He spent a lot of time answering all of my questions and made me feel extremely comfortable the day of surgery. He is one of the nicest surgeons I have ever met, not to mention he is also gorgeous!!! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	-1	Dr. Sackstein's procedure infected me requiring  mutiple surgeries. When I presented to his office unable to walk and very ill, he stated that this is all he does and that I would need to see a real doctor.  	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Workers Comp
28	1	I truly believe Dr. Sackstein to be one of the finest pain management specialists in the state of New Jersey.  I will forever be grateful to him for his medical expertise and his genuine interest in me as a person as well as a patient.  After having seen several other pain management specialists, I was pretty much resigned to the fact that I would live the rest of my life suffering from chronic pain.  Miraculously, Dr. Sackstein changed all that!  In my book, he is simply the best in his field. 	 12/9/07	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	Overall an excellent experience. Very high quality. Excellent staff. Highly recommended. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	-1	was going to him for a ruptured disc,he set up a series of 3 epidurals. first one was the most excruiating pain ever experienced.blood pressured soared to scary numbers, he was too busy watching the stock market to notice or to care.next appt for 2nd epidural. waited for his office to call regaring time.still in unbelievable pain. the office never called!!I called them the next day. was informed dr sackstein had cancelled me for another procedure in redbanknj. without ever informing me.my disc had exploded required a lumbar laminectomy with nerve root decompression.had 25%of disc removed.He is extremely incompetent and unprofessional.  		1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	1	One of the nicest Dr.'s I know.  Always makes time for his patients and has a wonderful bedside manner.  	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
29	-1	worst doctor ever. way overbooks and has no time for his patients. very uncaring 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	Dr.Saliba is a great doctor and not expenisve at all. You can see that he is not in it for the money. He paid attention and helped with all my questions. His staff is polite and helpful. They even  found the best pharamacy where I can get my medication for cheaper. I am very pleased with this office. I would recommend everyone to go see dr. saliba. 	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	The staff is very attentive!!! Polite and well mannered.. offer help with all our medical issues. Dr. saliba is one of the best dr. pays attention and has great  bed side manner.. I send everyone I know to him..  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
29	1	Appointment times are never accurate; (EX; 2;30pm appt. doesn't get seen till 3~4pm.)The staff is friendly, active, and polite. The Doctor seems rushed and not focused. Overall he is very intelligent but is intimidating and overly confident(in a bad way).  	5	2	3	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	1	Dr.Saliba is very friendly, I feel very good taking to him about any of my healthy problems.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
29	1	Professional doctor and very helpful. I'm very happy with my doctor and I'm thankful I went to him for help. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	This doctor cure my aun, and I am very thankfull for that. Good bless him always 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	excellent dr., knowledgeable, holistic, and caring 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	Dr. Saks is the best. He was extremely helpful through the process and explained everything in detailed. he always answered my questions. I am really happy with the finish product  :-) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	I am working with Dr Sacks and his staff on invisalign.  The office is great and Dr Sacks is very friendly. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	Dr. Sacks and his staff are very kind and friendly. They explain the process as you go through it so you understandwhat is going on. The office is really clean and well kept. I highly recommend this office. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	I highly recommend this doctor. This specialist is different than any other doctor. He cares and he showes he cares by taking his time in treatment. His staff is courteous and accommodating. But most important Dr. Sadon will heal your pain.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
32	1	Dr.Sadon and his staff are very helpful and caring. They made the experience extremely pleasant. Dr. Sadon is an excellent Dr. His knowledge and chiropractic technics got me out of pain very quickly. I highly recommend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	1	He is a good doctor and has a wonderful wife who is a doctor in his office as well. He should be very proud to have a wife that is such a didicated and intelligent doctor to work with. She loves her job and treats the whole patient, not just the immediate problem. He is a very lucky man. Her name is Nishi Sahay. Stop by to see either one of them. They are both great and they have another wonderful physician working there by the name of Dr.Moskovitz and he is one of the most pleasant doctors you would want to see as well. He is a very affible doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
34	1	. Great Doctor,great bedside Manners 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
35	1	Staff failed to update my insurance information, requiring me to spend significant time getting claims submitted to the correct insurer and can't get my very common first name right. 	1	3	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	She is very understanding &amp; takes the time to listen to you.  I have spoken to her over the phone many times when I have had questions (she has never told me to come in for an appt to ask a &#63;)  Her staff is also very helpful and friendly. 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	I left one OB/GYN to come to her and have been pleased ever since. She has been there to answer all my questions/needs even if it meant that we played phone tag several times. She is very personable and warm and I glad I was referred to her.  	4	5	5	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	1	Dr. Sagullo is skilled, competent and very professional. Her office staff is friendly and pleasant. Highly recommend for your gynocological needs. Smart, and intelligent physican. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	Dr. Sagullo is bright and intelligent. Her secretary Cheryl is helpful and pleasant. I am happy to have found her for my gyn checkups. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	I thought Dr. Sagullo was wonderful. I have been suffering for years from vaginal itching.  Other Drs were telling me it was in my head, change my diet, or that they can't do anything more.  She explained to me what was going on and met w/me several times until I felt so better. I have referred everyone to her, and her office and staff is very pleasant.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
35	-1	They insisted that I come in for a follow up visit to give me my test results so they could charge for another office visit.  I think they should be less concerned with their bank account and more concerned about their patients health so I found another doctor! 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
35	-1	After having to call several times for test results, this doctor's office advised me that they do not give test results on the phone.  Instead, they insist that you make a follow-up appointment so they can charge you (and your insurance company) for another office.  Not only is this inconvenient but it's a money making scam . . .  bilking! 	1	3	1	3 	Insurance:Aetna
35	-1	The doctor is pleasant, but very inexperienced. She diagnosed me with a yeast infection twice, but i never had one. I still have an unresolved issue but will not go back because this doctor doesn't seem to listen to my symptoms or take through notes during her examination. She isn't very knowledgeable. 	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
35	-1	Was given tests to R/U something I knew I already didn't have. She tried to tell my husband that he was infertile and should go to a clinic.  Told me to ask for her and speak with her directly when I called for results and then had no idea why she told me to do so! Then informed me that she doesn't do Obstetrics anymore 	5	5	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	1	I went to Dr Salman with a really bad toothache that I waited too long to treat because I was really afraid,but the surgery was really painless and i wish I didn't put off my dental treatment so long! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	Made getting my wisdom teeth an almost pleasant experience. After all the horror stories I heard I was glad I chose Dr. Salman.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
37	-1	After having chest pains, Dr. Sahay did an in-office EKG which was irregular.  She recommended I see a cardiologist.  I had to wait 13 days for a referral and she would not mail it to me unless I provided a self addressed stamped envelope.  Very disorganized.  Prescribed heart meds that I didn't take until I saw the cardiologist and good thing too.  He said it was the incorrect medication for me.  	1	1	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
37	1	THE OFFICE STAFF WAS EXTREMELY HELPFUL AND FRIENDLY, ESPECIALLY LITTLE CATHY AND AMY IN THE BACK.  THE WOMAN ON THE PHONE WAS LOVELY AND EFFICIENT! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
37	1	The best doctor I have come across in years. She is a real Angel and is &quot;not afraid&quot; to treat the whole patient. She is helpful and pleasant and an excellent doctor. I would trust her with my mother. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
37	-1	very dirty office in toms river the office staff brings there 2 boys in which they r loud around patients .  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
37	-1	Well... it was free, what do you expect.  	1	2	2	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
37	-1	Poor patient care! 10 days for a referral. Sick w/ fever - They'll see you in 4-5 days. Office is old and filthy. Run like a mis- managed assembly line. 		2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
37	-1	Misdiagnosed my sister for drug overdose, and claimed that &quot;She would walk out the next day like a DAISY!!&quot; WRONG!!!! She was transfered to Southern Ocean County Hospital (A DEATH TRAP and a HALF!!) The sh!t hospital almost killed her!!, luckly a specialist was there and sent her to Robert Wood Johnson Hospital in New Brunswick for having 2 strokes and 11 seizers WHILE IN THAT HOSPITAL, probably more then that before hand... Anyway she was helped GREATLY by the HEAD NURSE there, his name was Gary Buckelew.. nice guy, i would give him a 10 on every aspect of your board. Then was CORRECTLY diagosed for a 1 in a million disorder called MOYA MOYA... she then was transfered to Columbia Presbyterian Hospital in NY, Bill Clinton was a patient the same time she was in there.  Treated EXCELLENTLY by the staff there and is Alive today to tell the tale of how CRAPPY THIS PRACTIONER IS!!! DO NOT EVEN GO TO THIS DOCTOR FOR A BROKEN HEART!! HE IS ALSO A PILL PUSHER IN THE ENTH DEGREE TOO!! 		2	2	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
37	0	most disorganized office I've ever seen (Manahawkin) 		2	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
38	0	Tries to get you to keep coming back, charges as much as he can!  Be careful ! 	3	1	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	based on my visits to Dr. Elsayed Sahloul, he is knowledgeable and very compassionate, very helpful explaining answers to my health questions. good experienced staff. treated me with respect and dignity. thank you Dr.  Sahloul 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
39	-1	He should be checked out by the state or someone.  He kept telling the patient the swelling would go down, and the man had cancer, there is something going on in this office and it should be checked out, also there were mice and other rodents in this office.  it was disgusting. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	The receptionist, Jeannie, is very nice, friendly &amp; professional. Dr. Salazar knows what he is talking about. It was my first visit to him but not to a foot dr. He explained everything and I didnt feel rushed. That's probably why it took awhile to get in and see him: he takes his time with patients and is very hands on. HOW REFRESHING TO FIND A DR WHO DOESNT OVERBOOK AND JUST RUN AN ASSEMBLY LINE AND ONLY GIVE U 2 MINUTES!! VERY HAPPY to have him taking care of my feet!! 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
41	-1	All I can say is thank goodness that I was not in an emergency situation.  It has been well over a month and still no call back from Dr.  Grace, the office manager is one of the rudest people I've ever spoken to.  Had the audacity to tell me that Dr. Saad has dedicated his life to taking care of children and spends most nights not sleeping because he's so busy operating.  All I can say to that is nobody held a gun to his head to make him be a Dr.. I'm sure he made that conscious decision on his own and secondly....I'd hate to be the patient scheduled for surgery first thing in the morning if he's up all night operating.  Dr. Saad should stop being so greedy and take on a partner or two.  Maybe he'd actually call people back. 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	I met Dr. Salas at St Barnabas Hosp when my 1 year old split her upper lip area and needed stitches. I asked for a plastic surgeon bc it was on her face and felt the ER drs would just &quot;patch her up&quot;. Dr Salas was warm and gentle and made the baby feel at ease. he has excellent bed side manners. He explained that he wasnt sure if he was in my insurance network but at that time i didnt care. turned out he was and i was grateful bc her scar is barely noticeable. I would go back to him if needed.  	5	5	4	4 	Insurance:Aetna
42	1	Have seen Dr. Salas for a number of procedures. He has always been patient and kind and has never rushed through a procedure.   you would think you were his only patient.   Explains what he is doing and why,   I would highly recommend him. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	I cannot rate this doctor highly enough.  He is very patient and kind. He is such a perfectionist. He is very skillful and is able to treat complicated conditions that other doctors are afraid of. I had to have a corrective surgery on a plastic surgery that someone else had done poorly. I am very happy with the results. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	I saw Dr. Salas because my condition was complicated and the other doctors couldn't be bothered. In today's insurance climate of low payment to doctors, most of them just want to do staight foward easy stuff. I had my problem for 2 years before I finally saw Dr. SAlas. He took the time to fix me good.  I am very happy!!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
42	1	My little 11 year old brother fell and split his forehead open.  He was freaking out over the idea of stitches and at 1st was trying to leave the hospital, but when Dr. Salas came in, he was amazing!  He completely calmed him down and joked with him the whole time, and my brother never knew that he was getting injections of lidocaine in his head, or that the stitches were being placed because Dr. Salas was so gentle.  My brother was shocked when it was all over, and asked when he was going to get stitched up until we gave him a mirror.  Afterwards, Dr. Salas was so kind and concerned during the office visits, and there is no scarring at all, even though it turns out my brother had been cut down to his skull.  Dr. Salas is one of the best doctors I've ever met..and I know a lot of doctors, since I go to UMDNJ.  I'd recommend him to anyone- completely beyond amazing and the most caring attitude in any doctor I've seen.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
42	1	We saw Dr. Salas when my 4 year old daughter was being treated at St. Barnabas. I requested a plastic surgeon as she needed stitches on her forhead. Dr. Salas is incredible. He was so patient and has a wonderful bedside manner. Best of all, he did a great job. The scar is almost undetectable.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
42	1	At first I was hesitant to go to Dr. Salas because he was out of network. But looking back on it, I am very happy I went to him.  You can't even see a scar!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
42	-1	Dr. A. P. Salas submits false insurance claims listing procedures he did not perform.  He also balance bills patient if insurance does not pay him explaining his claim was not valid.  Specifically, he charges for emergency even if you had to wait for him for 2 hours.  He also wants to be paid for 80 minutes consultation even though he only spends 5 minutes with the patient. 	3	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
43	-1	Made an appointment, however i got chance to see him after 1 hr 15 min. Since i was his last patient he finsihed up some test and then after 15 min or so told me to come next time to further talk in detail. The doctor was just pathetic.  	3	1	2	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	-1	He is worst doctor..don't go to him....Don't do allergy test at all 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
43	-1	He is a Money Oriented Doctor.My best advice is not to go to him at all.He is a Money ****er.I went to him for my wife and he did allergy test by his wife who is working in the same building.Pls. avoid this Guy. 		1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
43	0	he has average medical knowledge, and he is ok doctor, BUT BE CAREFUL...He will push you for allergy tests to be done by his wife who has office in same building..depending what insurance you have and how much money they will make...in short..money hungry morons.. 		2	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
44	-1	Very condescending and rude. Doctor does not listen, just instructs you in what she would like you to do. She is not interested in how medications impact lifestyle- I started a medication I knew was going to cause bad side effects despite my reservations, and she did not return my telephone calls. I routinely wait over a hot for my 15 minute appointment- she triple books herself the entire day.   Office staff is rude, disorganized, and poorly trained. I would not use this doctor.  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:GHI
44	-1	Worst doctor ever. Left me waiting from 10:40 am till 1:30 pm. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
44	0	Very arrogant and rude after i waited four hours to see her she rushed through my visit and made me feel like i was imposing on her time.  On top of that she started to run all these unnecessary test out of her office she really milked my insurance that day and i never heard about any results in fact i never heard from her again definitely not going back 	1	1	2	3 	Insurance:Aetna
44	1	when i was in the office i had a good experience, the doctor was very thorough and took the time to explain to me what i needed to know about my condition. the secretaries were a little disorganized.  	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	1	Unprofessional not on time and simply does whatever she wants. does not respond, interac, or call patients. she always triple books and does not have many days to offer she crams 25 patients from 9am - 12pm the wait is unbelievable trust me dont ever go there 	1	1	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
44	-1	OMGsh! I have the same comments as the posting before me, unbelievable I'm not the only one who feels this way. The staff is horrible, they never call you for your test results, they want you to come in to get $ for copay. Make appt at 9AM and you sit there all morning until 2PM to be seen and when she sees you is only for 20 seconds.  One time she came in and walked out I could not believe it.  She just told the medical assistant to give me the same prescription as before.  HORRIBLE HORRIBLE 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
44	-1	DR.  NEVER ON TIME DOES NOT CALL BACK WITH RESULTS SHE MAKES YOU COME IN TO GET RESULTS SO YOU CAN PAY YOUR COPAY  AGAIN YOU WAIT and wait for her to arrive because she makes 9am appointments and dont get to the office until 12 then she rushes through your visit this is the worst medical experience i ever had 	5	1	1	2 	Insurance:Oxford
45	1	Wonderful Dr. and staff.   So on top of things, caring, follow ups, just a real great human being!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	1	Dr. Sachs takes the time to listen to my every need/problem, whether physical or emotional, and I never feel rushed to discuss all of my complaints during my visit.  The ladies of the office are very personable, accommodating and competent, which is the core of any operation.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	1	Dr. Sacks cares a great deal about his patients.  He has been known to call patients after hours even on the weekends to talk to them about specific problems or test results.  He works with the patients and is a believer in 2nd opinions. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	Excellent Cardiac Doctor. Takes time and shows real concern for his patients. I had been through two heart doctors before Dr.Salloum. Dr. Salloum finally took the time to explain and diagnose the problems I had been having and he put me on the right(correct) medications that have helped me recover and strive to a healthier lifestyle.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
47	-1	I've seen Dr. Saitta twice and I have to agree with the previous poster. If you are not pregnant, then you should consider seeing a different doctor. I was having some female issues and needed to be diagnosed and Dr. Saitta had absolutely no answers for the problems that I was having, she rushed through the entire appointment, and never called or returned my my calls about the results for any of the bloodwork or diagnostic tests that I had done. The receptionists and nurse's can also be very rude at times. Dr. Saitta is young and doesn't seem to be very knowledgeable about diagnostic procedures for issues other than pregnancy. I would not recommend this doctor to anyone. I've actually seem 2 other doctors at this practice and they weren't any better. They are more concerned with the co-pay than the patients. 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
47	1	Dr. Saitta is one of the nicest, most caring people I've ever met, and she is a phenomenal doctor.  I switched from my old ob/gyn to Dr. Saitta last fall when I found out I was expecting my first child.  Throughout my entire pregnancy, Dr. Saitta was very thorough in explaining everything to me.  She was sure to answer all of my questions and clear up my worries and concerns.  She really takes her time with her patients and shows she cares.  I've always been nervous going to the gyno, but Dr. Saitta makes you feel so comfortable and at ease.   She is excellent at what she does and I would recommend her to everyone! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
47	1	Dr. Saitta is the sweetest, most knowledgeable gynecologist I have ever met with.  I'm a nervous patient, and she helped me through my worries of pregnancy.  I would recommend her to anyone who is sensitive and nervous.  She is so reassuring.  I don't think you could find a more personable doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
47	1	I saw Dr. Jacqueline Saitta in the Summit office.  I had just experienced my second miscarriage and was devestated.  My previous OB/GYn offered me no hope and little comfort.  I decided I needed a new Dr. and my GP recommended Dr. Saitta.  She was a breath of fresh air during a very sad time in my life.  She reassured me all would be well again when I didn't think it would be.  She was kind, took her time with me and answered ALL my questions.  She makes you feel at ease immediately.  After a horrible experience with my last OB/GYN, Dr. Saitta restored my faith in Doctors.  Dr. Saitta is at a few locations: Clark, Summit, Bayonne and W. Orange.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
47	1	She is the best doctor! She explains everything to you and always welcomes questions. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
47	1	I started seeing her after my 1st visit to the group and I really think she is great. She has been very proactive throughout my pregnancy 	5	4	4	4 	Insurance:Aetna
47	-1	sure she's helpful if you are pregnant and nothing's wrong with you. She is way too young and has NO experience whatsoever, i've develloped and infection after a d and c, she gave me useless treatments and finally told me to douche since none of what she gave me did anything. Had she done a little more homework, she would have found the problem which is what another OB did.  She should have been an intern a LOT longer. 	3	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
47	1	dr saita is extreamly helpful and knowledgable. i like her because she isnt and alarmist.  she doesnt freak out, she gives me the facts and helps me (as a first time mother) remain calm 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
48	-1	I will never go back to this doctor 	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	Dr.Sharad was professional, knowledgeable, and attentive.  I was treated with respect and as a partner in my treatment. He asked and answered  questions in a direct and clearly understandable manner. His office was helpful and professional. I would highly recommend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	1	i first met dr.sahu in the ER at HUMC - he was more than caring & attentive to me, listened to everything, arranged for meetings with the neuro & cardio drs. -- thought he was wonderful & am switching him to be my primary.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
49	-1	Dr. Sahu seems to be knowledgable, but does not have a very good bedside manner. He does not listen. For example, he for some reason believed I had heartburn and when I told him repeatedly I didn't he did not listen but kept prescribing me nexium...so I just took the prescription and never filled it. He also keeps making me come in every 7 weeks, and then sends me somewhere else with every trip. For example, he made me make a special trip just for a blood test (can't his DOCTOR office take blood). His answering service is rude and useless (they don't take messages) and his office hours are inconvenient (No morning office hours). If you have a problem with stress, avoid this doctor.  		3	1	3 	Insurance:Aetna
50	-1	This physician treated my mother. He was arrogant and extremely rude to my family. His expertise was only average, though he thinks very highly of himself. His knowledge was not  current on treating existing COPD patients who aquire pneumonia. He suggested that we let our mom die, since &quot;she would never come off of a ventilator&quot;. Thankfully we switched to another physician. Mom did go on and sucessfully come off of the ventilator. Mom came home and was independant for 4 more years.  So Dr Salm was completely wrong, and not up on current treatments. He became arrogant and  extremely rude when we switched her to another physician.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
50	1	Dr.  Salm provided me with great care! I recommend his service to everyone! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
50	1	. dr salm was professional caring and complete  his  staff was efficient and  caring   i will change to him and his group for my pulmonary care from now on 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:AHC
50	1	Excellant care given to me by Dr. Salm.  He treated my family very well during my whole surgery experience.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
50	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
51	1	. Great doctor, patient and willing to listen 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
52	1	Although some may consider his manner a bit brusque or not very warm and friendly, he is an excellent doctor who is really concerned for his patients.  Very knowledgable.  I appreciate his directness.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
52	1	I have gone to Dr. Safier for many years for a variety of things.  Thankfully nothing serious. Although the wait is sometimes long he does give you his attention and has been helpful and sincere.  	3	2	3	4 	Insurance:Oxford
52	-1	Dr. Safier couldn't even read my blood screening properly.  Before my blood was processed, he prescribed Zanex for &quot;depression&quot; because I told him I was extremely fatigued.  I didn't take it.  Then he told me I had the Epstien Bar virus (later found out from a specialist that it was in my &quot;blood history&quot; that I didn't currently have it).  Then I find out from another specialist that it was an under-active thyroid--hypothyroidism.  If you want any pill your heart desires, he's your man.  If you want someone to really look and listen to your ailments to find the proper diagnosis, this is NOT the man.  He's not even an MD he's a &quot;DO&quot;.  He's running an old person weight loss clinic, not a general practice.  	2	1	2	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
52	0	dr safier is very good. my problem is sandy she is nasty and rude and not helpful at all,she needs to go 	1	2	1	5 	Insurance:Aetna
52	1	I find Dr. SAFIER TO BE EXTREMELY CARING AND KNOWLEDGEABLE-I DO HAVE TO WAIT SOMETIMES BUT HE TAKES HIS TIME AND EXPLAINS EVERY THING VERY CLEARLY. HE HAS NEVER RUSHED ME. THE OFFICE STAFF IS HELPFUL AND PROFESSIONAL. HE HAS EVEN FOUGHT WITH MY INSURANCE COMPANY WHEN THEY DID NOT WANT TO COVER ONE OF MY PROCEEDURES. I RECOMMEND DR. SAFIER VERY HIGHLY.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
52	1	I'm so glad I found Dr Safier. After 8 yrs of having previous doctors do nothing but add additional Rx's every visit. He took the time to analyze my overall health situation. His weight loss program really works! In just 6 mos, he has helped me to lose 40 pounds, eliminate blood pressure, cholesterol, diabetes meds... all under control... when all the other doctors would just say &quot; you need to lose weight&quot; that was obvious-- Not a solution. So you might have to wait a few minutes to see him, isn't it worth the time to have a caring professional on your side&#63;&#63;&#63; I highly recommend.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
52	-1	worst Doctor ever!! waiting room is ridiculous thats number 1 they book to many patients at the same time sue was the best! sandy is such so snotty!!  all she does is act rude to her co-workers and thinks she knows everything becasue shes an *office manager* shes cold hearted and crule !!!  i will never go there again its a shame sue left  she was wonderful!!! always will be ! Dr safier is always sooooo quick to write up a perscription that you dont need and tells you to take something that you DONT need!  WILL NEVER GO THERE AGAIN!!! I FOUND A NEW Doctor and im happy i found him hes great and knows what he is talking about and ive never heard such a thing someone who charges you 50 Bucks if you missed an appointment.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
52	0	long wait time. quick to write prescriptions.  listens well.  staff: sue was wonderful, but has recently left.  sandy is condescending and rudely inappropriate 	3	1	3	3 	Insurance:CIGNA
52	1	Doctor is rude...pretty sure he refers you to doctors that he has 'financial interests&quot; with.  Didn't like what I saw when I was there.  	1	1	3	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
52	1	We have been patients for over 15 years and find him to be caring and knowledgeable. When he recommends a specialist to us, they are usually Board Certified and extremely knowledgeable in their field. Dr. Safier also has a great staff. Sue has been there for many years and knows the patients when they call and Sandy is very cooperative. He has had a few nurses who are capable and friendly. It puts your mind at ease when you have to visit Dr. Safier.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
52	1	Sandy is a hard working,office manager. She takes the time to say &quot;hello&quot; and shows a genuine interest in each and every patient. Dr. Safier, a few years ago, had an office worker that was not nice. She was let go and the atmosphere in the office has greatly improved.Dr. Safire has saved my life and sanity. His weight loss program has gotten me off all my medicines and my high blood pressure, diabetis and high colesterol are under control with a proper diet given by him. He is a doctor who does not push medicine on me, he advises a proper diet and physical activity instead. I highly recommend him.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
52	1	I have waited for Dr. Safier too. I don't mind it as much when he's seeing a patient because I know he takes all the time that is needed. If a patient needs extra time they get it. What I do find annoying is when I have a 9 AM appointment and he strolls in at 9:20. As for Sandy being &quot;cold&quot; totally untrue. She is a busy lady and does her job well. She has never been anything for pleasant and friendly to me. There are doctors that you can see immediately......but Dr. Safier is worth the wait.  	5	1	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
52	1	Outstanding. Extremely thorough and a great diagnostician. Really cares about his patients and their total well-being. My entire family uses him. Wonderful office staff also.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
52	1	Good bed side manner, very helpful and up to date on new medical technologies.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
52	1	Highly recommend Dr. Safier. Been a patient of his since the 1970s. Very professional in his approach. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	Dr. Safier was my family physician for years when living in New Jersey and I still miss him - he saved my life by diagnosing and treating me correctly after years of being misdiagnosed and I have not found another physician of his quality of service or professionalism. I wish he moved to MA. Inge P 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	Dr. Safier is a very caring person. He takes as much time as needed to listen and give feed back. If needed he has excellent specialty doctors to recommend. His good judgement has kept our family's medical problems to a minimum. He is personable and welcoming. I would recommend him to all. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	Ihad a very comforting experience at the office and recieved excellent care from Dr Sahgal. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	Dr. Sahgal listens to you.  I believe to have a Dr. listen to you is the most important factor in treatment.  My whole family goes to Dr. Sahgal.  The office has adequate staffing to run the every day business.  The wait time to see the Dr. is actually very good. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	Dr. Salley is phenomenal. I have been going to her for 12 years and my mother and aunt have been going to her fro many years. She is kind, gentle and patient. Her soft spirit doesn't make a regular check up dreadful. I am excited pregnant with my first child and I am excited that she will be my doctor through my first pregnancy. I have only had GREAT experiences going to her.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
54	1	she is personable and capable for routine visits, however i do not feel she is the right choice for more involved issues therefore i chose another practitioner. 	3	4	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	I have been going to Dr. Salley for 20 years and have found her to be very warm and knowledgeable.  Instead of dismissing a small lump in my 40's, she told me because of my history to have it checked.  thank you, it was cancer and got treated early.  	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
54	-1	Dr. Salley misdiagnosed my miscarriage as a bladder infection and dismissed me. I questioned her and she said that bladder infections are different in pregnant women.  I had to demand to see another doctor that day and he (who is no longer in their group) sent me for the ultrasound and determined my miscarriage. I was also stuck with her during the delivery of my first child.  She didn't consider the size of the baby during delivery and did not take any precautions to prevent me from being terribly scarred. I now have to undergo reconstructive surgery when I deliver my next child.  I've heard nothing positive about her since.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	-1	Extremely rude, nicer doctors in the office. Did not help me with issue. Still looking for a reasonable explaining of issue. She may be alright for general visits but do not recommend when you have a real medical issue.  	4	3	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Salley's for over 14 years and through 3 successful pregnancies. She has always been professional, gentle and knowledgeable. She is an excellent dr.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
54	0	personable... but did NOT help with medical condition, however said to make follow-up appointment. 		2	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	Best doctor we've had! When we moved out of state, we sure missed Dr. Pamela's human touch and professionalism. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	Dr. Salley is an excellent practicioner. She immediately puts you at ease, even during more serious procedures. She's the best.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
54	1	I have been going to this doctor for over a year and she has always been very helpful with prescription choices and any other needs I have. I was reccomended to her by a friend and I would reccomend her to anyone. Always gentle kind and caring.  		5	4	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
54	0	i was an established patient but could not get an emergency appt with her. Was forced to speak to unfriendly,unhelpful nurse. found another doctor. Salley does not call patients, ever.  		1	1	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	1	This doctor is very nice and understanding. I saw her for my 1st pap smear and it was not as bad as I thought it would be. She was gentle and very knowledgeable. I recommend this doctor.  	 11/5/04		5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
55	1	Dr. Salem has been my doctor for the past 4 years.  During this time she always took great care of me and spent the time to address all my concerns.  Actually, my sisters and mom are all patients of hers and they love her to.  I had been meaning to leave a review given my positive experience.  Her recent departure from the practice has prompted this review.  She will be missed.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
56	1	Dr Potoczek-Salahi is a very caring doctor.  At first she comes off a little cold but you soon notice that she is a caring and thurough doctor.  She makes the time to call you HERSELF about results and always takes the time to make sure that you understand everything and all questions are answered.  Great doctor! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	Awesome Doctor, Love him! Wait time wasnt bad, about 10 minutes. Spent time and didnt feel rushed at all.  I give an A+++++ 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
58	1	Dr Salman is very thorough and explained everything really well.I had a gum surgery and several deep cleanings with Dr Salman and have always been happy with the care that I have received.The staff who work in the office are friendly and helpful.I always feel comfortably in her office.  	 6/14/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
58	1	Pleasant experience even though I don't like going to the dentist,Dr Salman was really nice and did a great cleaning.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
58	1	Caring and nice.Doctor and staff very professional.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
59	1	dr. s is super knowledgeable and is a very honorable and he is such a great person he is practically part of my family!thank you for delivering my children, bless you! AMEN DOCTOR!!! HALLELUJAH!!!! 	5	1	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
59	1	.  	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	1	Dr Sadural is a great doctor. Very knowledgeable and professional. Makes you feel very comfortable and will answer all your questions. Office staff is Kearny office is freindly.The other doctors in this practice are also very nice as well but Dr Sadural is my favorite. He was also on TLC once delivering twins on one of those Baby shows. Excellent doctor and I would highly recommend him.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	1	I absolutely had to come on this website and talk about Dr. Sadural, whom I think is an exceptional and amazing doctor. He is very knowledgeable and answers your questions thoroughly. He always makes me feel at ease, and comfortable. I also have to say that all the other four doctors in the practice are exceptional as well. This is my first pregnancy and I am so truly happy with my OBGYN, i would not trade them for anyone else.  Would recommend without a negative doubt! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
59	1	Simply the BEST.  Love him!!!!  He's caring, thoughtful, knowledgeable and very personable.  I like a comforting doctor and that's exactly what he is.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	1	Great Doc, but there are 5 docs there, and you may not end up with the one you prefer...I've seen them for years but I dont advice dealing with so many doctors, it did not work with me.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
59	1	Dr. Sadural and the entire practice are everything a woman could want in an OB/GYN. I like a few others felt apprehensive about seeing a male Dr., but after meeting Dr. Sadural my feelings changed. He is a caring,highly competent and overall wonderful Dr. I cn not beleive someone called him a con man, they must have issues.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
59	1	I have known dr s for many years.  he is a great doctor and an honorable man..i am shocked that someone would describe him as a con man. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
59	-1	He is more interestd in himself than your problem.  A real con man. find a real doctor.  	2	3	2	2 	Insurance:Aetna
59	1	Dr. Sadural is the BEST OB ever! i was skeptical about going to a male. I started off seeing a female there (whom i also loved) but ended up loving Dr.  Sadural best and was so lucky and happy to have him deliver my daughter! he made the best decisions throughout my labor and i had a great birth experience and i owe it all to him! and from someone who needs a bedside manner, his is A+++++++++++++! I highly rec'd him and this whole practice for that matter! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
59	1	Dr. Sadural is a wonderful doctor.  He came highly recommended to me and I am so thankful that I was his patient.  He is kind, gentle and made me feel so comfortable in his care.  I saw him on my due date when he discovered that my amniotic fluid was low.  He made sure that my husband and I were completely informed.  He suggested we induce labor that evening and I trusted him 100%.  He was on call one of the days I was in the hospital after my daughter was born and was absolutely great as he checked on my c-section incision and how I was feeling.  I felt like I could ask him anything and always get an educated and clear response.  He is extremely patient and I would recommend him to all women.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
59	-1	Fantastic doctor.  Very knowledgeable and courteous and patient. 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
59	1	The absolute BEST ob/gyn you could ever ask for. I've been a patient for over 10 years and was lucky enough to have Dr. Sadural deliver my second son. He has a wonderful bedside manner, makes you feel so comfortable.  	4	2	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
59	1	Great doctor.I wanted him to deliver my child but he was not on call that day.  	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Oxford
59	1	Dr. Sadural is the best doctor ever! He has a wonderful bedside manner and always carefully listens to concerns. He's been my ob/gyn for over 10 years and delivered my son. I wish I could find a general practioner who has Dr. Sadural's qualities.  	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
59	1	absolutely the BEST physician any woman could go to for any of her physical and emotional needs; a true professional and a great friend through and through 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
59	1	Dr. Sadural is the best doctor I've even been to. I've been with him for about 10 years and he delivered my daughter. He was amazing in the delivery room. Very calm but still taking total charge. He makes you feel comfortable and relaxed and really takes the time to talk to you.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	1	Great dr. - his knowledge and bedside manner are both A++++! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
59	1	He is fantastic. Kind and patient as can be. Top-notch medically. Really terrific.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
59	1	Dr. Sadural is amazing! I was skeptical about seeing a male GYN, but the secretary assured me that he would be so nice. On my first visit, he actually took the time to sit and talk with me in his office. It was so great to share my whole history without feeling rushed! The office in Kearny is clean and it is well-run by the friendly staff. I am so glad I found Dr. Sadural and this office. I feel like I can talk to him about even the most embarrassing things! I am still young, but I hope he is still me doctor when I have babies.  I highly recommend him! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
59	1	Dr. Sadural is a wonderful knowledgable Dr. with a great bedside manner. I thought I would be uncomfortable w/ a male OB, just the opposite. The entire practice and the office staff are great. Highly recommend this practice.  		3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
60	1	very knowledgable doctor!  He educated me of other non surgical ways to dealing with my problem. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
61	0	 	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
62	0	Dr seemed somewhat knowledgeable, was nice and took her time with me. However, she sent me for several tests and never followed up with me with the test results, even though I left messages. That is unacceptable for a doctor.  	1	3	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
63	1	I LOVE DR. JOE HE'S THE BEST VERY SMART AND HAS ALL THE ANSWERS TO YOUR QUESTIONS  MY FRIEND TOLD ME ABOUT HIM SO GLAD SHE DID  JP 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	Dr Salamone is a great doctor. Takes time to understand what you are feeling and discusses the way he feels best to treat you.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
63	1	simply, the Best. Very knowledgeable, freindly and very helpful.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
63	1	Dr. Joe is the best. I was involved in an auto accident - major pain neck, lower back, leg cracking when I walked - he helped me get back to my smiling self.   Gail P 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
63	1	He always gets me better right away, he is always on time to my appontments, and is ver knowledeable 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	Professional and personable. The only chiropractor who has helped me with dizziness which is caused by my cervical spine. He has also shown me exercises for my lower back and has supplied me with a self help device to keep the vertebrae in my neck in alignment. I highly recommend Dr Joe. He has also become a friend.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
63	1	I feel great.. I used to walk witha cane and now I dont have to... 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	the guy's the best- a true paisan:)funny, kind, really hot secretaries:)my back is better and i have much more energy in just a few visits. I recommend this guy - the best there is - if you doubt me just visit his office and watch about 30 other people traffic in and out of his door. Ive never seen a chiropractor's office get so much flow in and out the door. Oh and by the way the guy is listed in America's top 100 chiropractors and helps a good many new york giants, several ex mets ballplayers and other sports personalities. Try him out yourself! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	I have been a patient since March of 2012 and have found Dr. Saleh to be very knowledgeable. He listens to my concerns and is always helpful.The treatment that I have gotten from the Dr. and the rest of his staff has always been very professional.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
64	-1	The office staff is great at Essex Oncology. Dr. Saleh, seems to be incompetent and extremely forgetful. When you are facing a serious illness, you need to know what is going on and Dr. Saleh fails to explain clearly, and if you dont ask he doesnt offer additional information.  Not a good physician!!!! 	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
65	0	Dr. Saks is a nice guy but he did miss an importnat diagnosis in my daughter.  I'm also not a fan of this practice.  Other doctors are sub-par, and staff is not friendly.  	1	2	3	3 	Insurance:Aetna
65	1	Although Tenafly Peds is a big practice we are able to see Dr. Saks most times (we go to two different offices, not much time difference).  He is very kind, thorough and calming--to the kids and parents.  For a quick issue I'll talk with the nurse on the phone but he often calls back as well. All 3 of our kids like him very much and his calming presence is very helpful to one of our kids in particular who gets fearful of shots.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
65	1	Dr. Saks is an exceptional pediatrician.  He is attentive, punctual, intelligent and understanding.  I can't say enough about my wonderful experience with Tenafly Pediatrics and Dr. Saks.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
65	0	I love Dr Saks, but not a fan of the practice. Too big, always have to retell my story. 	3	2	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	LOVE Dr. Saks!I wish my doctor was as concerned, knowledgeable and caring as he is.  I have three sons and he has always been great! I highly recommend him 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
65	1	Dr Saks is a great doctor. My son was sick (stomach bug, nothing serious in the end) at 8 weeks old and he called my house 3 times in one week because he saw how upset I was. What doctor does that these days&#63; Great Great doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
65	0	Decent doctor, but the practice is like a factory. I could never see the same dr twice. Seemed to busy to listen to my concerns. 	3	2	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	This man is wonderful in every respect. Have always had a good feeling each and every time we leave his office since our son's first visit after birth more than 5.5 years ago. Knowledge, listening, and bedside manner are top shelf. ******************************************************To the poster above, thank you for your comments. More room for the rest of us. I can understand why you feel that way. We all want a doctor that is hurried and stone cold which is a quality we look for in all our physicians especially our childrens'. Maybe you could specify the concerns of yours you feel he did not take seriously...  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
65	1	We love him!! Not only is he great with the kids but he is very smart.  We moved from NYC when my son was 2 and he immediately diagnosed my child with a rare genetic syndrome at our first visit when my other pediatrician from NYC had never even brought it up- after that we became one of his many followers forever. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	A great doctor!  He always listened to us even though we are nervous first time parents.  One of the best in the area!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
65	0	Although he is a nice man and is knowledgeable, he never took our concerns seriously with our newborn.  He is too laid back, which is not a quality we look for in any of our physicians especially our childrens'.  	3	4	2	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
65	1	I have been going to Dr. Saks with my two kids since they were babies. He is fantastic and I would highly recommend him to anyone.  	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
65	1	Dr. Saks is a wonderful pediatrician.  I have been equally impressed with his bedside manner while watching him handle my infant daughter 6 years ago as with my middle school aged sons today.  He is one of the few who listens to a mom's concerns and never makes you feel silly.   Truly respectful, excellent care and my children (and anti-doctor husband) like him too! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
65	1	He is a great doctor who is extremely knowlegeable....Love!! He is terrific with my son!! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
66	-1	This doctor used to be my pediatrician, as well as my siblings years ago. I thought I should bring my child to see him after I had my first. This was a huge mistake. Over the years he must have gotten to be a mean old person. My son was just a toddler and he had fallen, and as a first time parent I was just overly concerned. So I brought him in to check the bump on my son's head. He checked him out told me he would be fine, etc. I thanked him, he left the room and came back in and proceeded to tell me that if this happens again he would report it to Child protective authorities. This was the first time my child had ever gotten hurt and this is how he treats his patients. I could not believe how callus and insensitive he was. Not to mention completely out of his mind that I would even hurt my child.  Just because other people do, doesn't mean ALL parents do. He needs to hang up his license and stop practicing.  I dont recommend to anyone!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
66	1	 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	Muy buena y muy amable! Es la mejor dentista en NJ! Y tambien hace ortodoncia.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
68	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	Dr Sachdev is the reason we have a very happy family! I have done my first IVF 3+ yrs ago, have a wonderful son 2.5 yr old. Have gone for my 2nd thsi year and glad to say am 3 months pregnant right now! We had tried to have a baby for 2 yrs when we finally met Dr Sachdev and seeing him and talking to him filled us with lot of hopes. He never rushed us for IVF. He took a lot of time to start with the basics first and climb up the chain only when the prior one did not work. He never rushed to make a descision. He always left the descision on us. He was very very knowledgable and all his staffs are the same too. Best part i like about this place is the timeliness. I see lot of doctors and what i find so different in this place is, i have never waited more than 10-15 min for any appointment! They dont fill calendars pilled with patients and are able to answer all questions and concerns that we had.  He's one of the most polished dr i have ever met and hes the reason i have a blessed clild ! 	 9/10/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	1	Thanks to Dr Rahul and all of his staff members.He is very professional and Knowledgeable Doctor. He analyzed my case very carefully at every step. The staff from the front office, nurses and the lab were very professional and helped out a lot. If we had any questions or concerns we had answers right away.He did not rush us to advance treatments at the start. After careful analysis and tests he came up with the right solution for us. We were fortunate to have twins in our first IVF. They even helped us with medications as my insurance did not cover any medications, medical tests and procedures. Thank You once again Doctor for making us realise our dreams. 	 8/10/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	We would like to take a moment to express our appreciation to Dr Rahul and all of his staff members. We thank you from the bottom of our hearts.We had got IUI done by Dr. Rahul, Advanced Reproductivity Center and we had twin sons with good health. They are 3 months old now.  Ours was a typical case with few complications which he handled very well.He dint rush at giving or suggesting any treatment rather he first got detailed testing to understand all the details.  Initially when he found high levels of a specific hormone in my spouse, he did go beyond to find out the implications of it and also explained to us the details about with lot of confidence.  Even while suggesting for treatment he suggested all the possible options and helped us decide the better option.  He and his nursing staff took very good care during the treatment process. They constantly followed up to check the health conditions and also provided valuable suggestions.  Thank you all for helping our dreams come true!! 	 7/9/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	1	Dr. Sachdev is a great doctor who cares about his patients.  He is very professional and took the time to explain everything in detail.  He made us feel comfortable at all times. The staff from the front office, nurses and the lab were very professional and helped out a lot.  If we had any questions or concerns we had answers right away.  I would call the office at times if I was not sure about somethings.  I went to this office for over a year and every single time I was very pleased with the service.  We had a successful outcome.   Nicole 	 5/23/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	1	Dr. Rahul Sachdev took the time to sit with my husband and I to get to know us and explain every detail of our situation, options, and feelings. Never once did we feel rushed or treated like just another patient. Dr. Sachdev along with his staff were knowledgeable and very responsive to patient needs at all hours of the day. His office is ran with attention to every detail and at all times I felt we were in good hands. This whole experience gave us the hope to keep moving foward with our treatment. We did have a very successful outcome after 5 long months of treatment but with their guidance we knew we would never give up. I highly recommend Dr. Sachdev to anyone undergoing inferlity. From the moment you meet him you will feel hope. I am insulted to read all of the negative comments made about him. He truly cares for his patients and it is unfortunate that those who had unsuccessful outcomes resort to bashing him.  Sincerely,Michelle 	 2/8/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	-1	Doctors is not knowledged and lab also very poor. I won't recommend to anybody.  Only on the day one doctor will explain the procedure. Then we won't get a chase to talk to him. We went 3 cycles of IVFtreatment. Wasted lot of money. All the 3day times they done same treatment.  They not taken care about my problems.  	 11/29/11	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	-1	He is extremely ignorant and does not have suffient knowledge to make a correct diagnosis.  Will not admit if an error was made.  I would not recommend this doctor at ALL.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	-1	If you want ovarian hyperstimulation, a probe in your rectum and then exposed to an ecoli infection, unnecessary and repeated tests, stolen eggs and to be robbed blind this is the Dr and place for you. If not, find somewhere else. RE's are a dime a dozen. Sachdev and his insane colleagues just want your money. I love that they are writing their own reviews here. One of the employees at this practice also tried to warn us to go else where. :(  We had to learn the hard way.I hope you don't. Save your money, eggs, health and sanity for a safe place.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
69	1	Doctor is very knowledgeable and explained all the available options. Did not hurry us for any treatment and eventually we got natural pregnancy. very helpful indeed.  	4	5	4	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
69	1	We were trying for almost 2 years and nothn worked out for us. We went to this center  and Dr.Sachdev was our doc. I conceived in the second attempt of IUI. First one unsuccesful  as I was not responding to the medication. He changed the dosage and medication the second cycle  according to how I react, I conceived this time. We are very happy about the way he treated us  .The staff was very helpful and especially the nurse Tina over there was very friendly and   answers your questions patiently. Overall over experience was quiet good with Dr.Sachdev.   We would defnilty recommend him.  	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
69	1	Dr Rahul Sachdev is the best. He is not the most polite guy. He is pretty blunt. He is extremely knowledgeable. He is brilliant. I got pregnant with twins in the first try. I don't think he is sensitive to the words he chooses. He seems to be results oriented. i would recommend him very highly. 	4	5	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
69	-1	Ridiculous and unprofessional Dr, unconcerned with patient issues and only out to make money. An absolute disgrace and only a matter of time before this place is sued and hopefully shut down. They are clearly writing their own reviews too. Someone will sadly get seriously hurt by these crooks eventually.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
69	1	Dr. Rahul Sachdev was helpful in all aspects of the process. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	I planned for pregnancy almost 2 yrs. I was in very depression, stopped going outside. I consulted so many doc's. Once I went this doc, he gave me clear idea abt my prob. He has done IUI, 1st time only, the result was positive. I was on cloud 9. Office staff and Nurses also very caring. Final but not least ..  He is GOd to me 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	1	yes would recommend Dr. Sachdev. He is very good and knowlegable.Overall rating: excellent. No complains.Cooperative staff and also doctor/nurse staff respond back promptly 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
69	0	I am not happy with the doctor. he only thinks for money and do the test which may not be needed just to make money and also he changes his own words. he just always give ivf as an option without any other..and above all, he is very very pestimestic...don't go to himm.. he is waste of time 	4	3	3	3 	Insurance:Aetna
69	1	Dr. Sachdev is awesome. He had been very helpful since we started consulting him. He has fulfilled our dreams. My wife is in second month by his all great efforts. Thanks to him and god bless him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	1	Dr Sachdev was wonderful. I have PCOS and had two miscarriages. I am now 13 weeks pregnant and everything is great so far. He is very through and I felt extremely confident with his care.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	1	The Center staff are extremely professional, courteous and knowledgable. One feels safe, taken care of and without worry in their hands. Dr Sachdev provided excellent advise and treatment and gives attention and time to his patients. Awesome experience and definete recommendation to all people looking for a reliable doctor and centre.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
69	1	Dr. Sachdev was extremely thorough with explanations and likely causes of infertility in us. He spent a lot of time with us during appointments.  I did discuss the &quot;least invasive&quot; options with Dr. Sachdev, and he accordingly prescribed me fertility medication (tablets first) without questions, or without pushing either for IUI or IVF, considering my age at that time: 30 years. Subsequently, I tried two cycles of IUI with, and without ovulation drugs respectively. During my fourth IUI cycle, this time with ovulation drugs, I was able to conceive.  Not just Dr. Sachdev, but the office-staff are also extremely nice, kind and caring.  All in all, I am extremely satisfied with the thoroughness of my treatment. Dr. Sachdev's methods are fulproof, and he checks for every single detail, which is why we have been successful in conceiving with him. The doctors and staff worked very hard with us to increase our chances, and ultimately, it was God's grace that I'm now pregnant.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
69	1	Our Ob/Gyn recoomended him and we are very pleased with the treatment we got. We have our miracle baby boy through FET with the the help of Dr. sachdev. staff and nurses are also very helpful.very good doc. defenitely recoomend him.  	5	5	4	4 	Insurance:Aetna
69	1	I found Dr. Rahul Sachdev &amp; Staff at Center for Advanced Reproductive Medicine &amp; Fertility to be knowledgeable and helpful. Our insurance does not cover IVF and we paid everything out-of-pocket. We are one step closer to having our own child and grateful to guidance / care provided by Doctor. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	I went to another infertility center and never felt comfortable with the doctors or the staff. At Dr. Sachdev's center I felt relaxed because the doctors and the staff were really great! Along with my long history of infertility, Dr. Sachdev also asked me &quot;how I was dealing with the stress of infertility&quot;&#63; He seemed to understand what my husband and I were going through with the stress of ihe infertility. Along with the medical treatment, he also advised stress relief with yoga. It really helped me a lot! My IVF treatment was successful and I am expecting my baby soon! I never thought it would happen. Thanks Dr. Sachdev. You are the best. I will be back for my next baby.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
69	1	Dr Sachdev is an excellent doctor. I had seen other doctors in the area and never felt comfortable as I did with Dr. Sachdev. He is very knowledgable and easy going. Since I had been trying to get pregnant for a while, I had a thick stack of medical records with me at my first visit. He reviewed all of these records in detail and spent a long time with me and my husband answering all of our questions. In fact, he spent over an hour with us. My previous doctor had recommnded IVF. But after Dr. Sachdev did a few more tests,suggested a less agressive (and expensive) treatment with artificial insemination. This treatment worked and I am pregnant with a healthy baby! I can't thank Dr. Sachdev enough. Also, I can't thank his office staff enough. They are all very professional and caring and really make a patient very comfortable. I plan to return to Dr.  Sachdev for my next baby! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
69	-1	This doctor does not know much. After first two meetings, which he charged good money for, he does not even bother to contact or talk to patient regarding the ultrasounds, blood work, or other tests. The nurses have a little bit of actual knowledge about the procedure, the assigned nurse is the only contact to find out about status. This doctor made me take 78 blood tests, and may be around 35 ultra sounds in last one year, but he couldn't find the root cause of the infer. issue. He advised me to adopt assisted rep. programs, which I did, but all four procedures failed, and he did not even contact me to evaluate the results and the failures. He is money minded, that's what I conclude after one year of wastage of time and money at his clinic. At the top, the staff is rude. The treatments are expensive, you get huge bills every other week, which you have to pay out of your pocket. Avoid going to this clinic at all costs.  	1	4	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	-1	Money minded doctor who bothers more about the stats of his clinic but not about the patient. Without even thinking twice he has given me an option of adoption, instead of working further on my case and finding out the root cause.  He doesn't take up challenging cases.  Only if he thinks that he will be successful, he will take up the patient.  This respectful profession is not for him. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
69	0	Not terrible, but few issues...  1.  Couple sarcastic comments not appreciated during emotional ordeal.  2.  Recommended more invasive surgery that the surgeon (that I consulted for a 2nd opinion) performed with laparscopy.  3.  Alarmist about need for immedicate surgery that the surgeon said would be optional except for wanting to proceed with advanced infertility treatments.  	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
70	-1	PROS: Most of the RNs (I believe this is who they are I can be wrong) are friendly &amp; helpful. CONS: They overbook all of their appointments. I have spent hours waiting to see a doctor and my actual visits were only 15-20 minutes long. I went in for my HPV shot &amp; they did not have the shot in stock (I planned this 3 months in advance &amp; called a week earlier to confirm). I never have the same Dr even when I make a request. The Drs I do see are always in a rush &amp; never take the time to sit down &amp; try to get to know the patient. I once came in to get my blood results and the Dr read my results out loud with the door open for anyone outside to hear. Professionalism and common sense does not exist at this practice. I would not recommend this place to anyone unless you do not mind wasting your time.  	2	1	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
70	-1	They are so irresponsible. They give you an appointment for one time a d leave you waiting for three to four hours. The staff is not as friendly as they should.  Horrible service 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
70	1	My one complaint is that his office constantly overbooks patients so that you have to wait an hour or more to be seen, even when you have an appointment.  Other than that, he is very knowledgeable and thorough.  	4	1	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
70	1	I feel very secure, with Dr. Salerno.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Secure Horizons
71	1	My kids love Dr. Saif.  She is patient, very sweet with kids, and helpful.  Nothing wrong with being young...  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
71	1	I d agree that Dr Saif is relatively new and might not be very experienced. She is young and indeed very helpful. Never had any issues with call back or anything like that. She is polite and does know how to handle kids. Experience is something which we get with age and time. For your own satisfaction if you are too worried about something that requires detail then you can check with some experienced docs but for the routine things, I believe Dr Saif is good in handling kids.  	4	4	5	4 	Insurance:CIGNA
71	1	Dr Saif is wonderful. I have been taking my son to her for 2 years now and have found her to be very patient with kids. She takes time answering all your questions, something that a lot of doctors don't do. I have called the office several times and she has returned my call promptly each time. Office staff/nurses are friendly and polite. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
71	1	Dr Saif is just great with kids. She is knowledgeable, patient, reassuring and always makes sure your questions are answered. She returns all calls promptly. Her staff is polite and organized. Would definitely recommend Dr Saif to all new parents. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
71	0	Dr. Saif is a new doctor with Dr. Sujatha Shankar. My personal experience with her has not been positive. 	4	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
72	-1	Showed up for appointment and they didn't have me scheduled!!  My first appointment there.  She rushed me in and out and didn't have any interest in talking to me.  She just rattled off a bunch of supplements I should be taking because I am diabetic. I am not overweight and don't have high blood pressure! She never even ran any blood work!! Horrible.   Will NEVER go back! 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
72	0	Good but no concern for the patient's time.  	3	1	2	4 	Insurance:CIGNA
73	1	. amazing , helpful and spent all the time to explain to me and my mother about the procedureHighly recommend him 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
73	1	He was very easy to talk to and easily answered all my questions.  My surgery went well and I am very grateful.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
74	1	. He is the best, caring, concern, patience 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
75	1	Dr. Saieva listened thoroughly to all my problems. I had 4 major complaints and she solved 3 of the 4 on my first visit. The 4th was more complicated and I had blood tests done for that. She was very nice and I got what I call a &quot;good vibe&quot; from her.  	 3/8/06		3	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
76	-1	Doesn't listen to the patient. Totally test based -- which has it's place -- but without listening to the client the experience is unpleasant and unhelpful. It's as though he puts absolutely zero faith in the patient having a clue about how they feel. One appointment was all I could stand.  	3	3	1	3 	Insurance:CIGNA
76	1	I have been a patient for over 20 years and in all that time, Dr. Sachs has always provided me with the best care and advice. He takes the time to expalin things &quot;in English&quot; and nevr once have I ha dot wait more than 20 kjinutes to see him. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
76	-1	Both my spouse and I found him difficult. I spent over a year, thousands of dollars, and numerous, repeated &quot;procedures&quot; and tests ,without getting improvement, or even  diagnosis or any change from the initial treatment. He does not like to explain things and does not treat the patient like an intelligent, educated person who wants to take an active role in their own health. His staff vary from very nice to quite the opposite.  His nurse can be quite abrupt, bordering on rude. They do not respond well to emergencies.  	3	3	1	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
77	1	Dr. Sachs is an awesome retina specialist.  His staff is extremely pleasant and thorough.  I don't know where the bad rating is coming from.  I would highly recommend him.  I don't go to doctors and expect a social outing.  He is all business and that's how doctors should be. Professional, competent and skilled.  He's the BEST in our area.   NJ is lucky to have him! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
77	0	This doctor works very hard at getting every penny out of you.  You are made to wait on lines all day long just so none of the staff has to wait to do a test on you.  After many tests (and thousands of dollars), this doctor wanted to charge me for one of the photographs I need to take to another specialist.  He can be very rude when you don't fit HIS needs.  Don't get on his 'wrong side' - his staff is terrified of him.  	4	3	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
77	1	great doctor.courteous, took time to explain my condition, and has excellent staff. Not sure where the negative rating is coming from. would highly recommend this doctor to my friends and family. would go back again! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
77	1	. Office staff is very kind and helpfull Has anyone everhad surgery for Macular HOle&#63;&#63;&#63; I would like to know comments and results 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
77	1	One of the best ophthalmologist around.  He is knowledgeable with a great understanding of patient's needs.  One of my reasons for picking him was his great bedside manners.  His staff goes beyond what is required as nurses and makes you feel comfortable and relaxed in tough situations.  I would recommend this doctor to anyone who might have a problem with their retina or a visual problem.  I have been going to this doctor for almost 4 years.  	 11/9/09	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
77	-1	I thought I would be impressed with this doctor because he talked to me first on the phone before my appointment.  I do not care how good a doctor he is, his bedside manner is horrendous.  I am still not sure what my condition is, I think he was disappointed I didn't have retina detachment.   Very unprofessional, the staff was clueless as to how everyone was, I would never go back there if it were free and he was the best doctor in the world! 	3	2	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
77	0	Dr Sachs is a good retina doctor, but can be very rude to his staff and patients. He is extremely busy and patients are sitting in waiting room for long time waiting to be seen. As emergencies come up, appointments are cancelled and rescheduled. 	4	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
77	1	Dr. Sachs is a retina specialist renowned in our area. He has the most updated computer driven office I have ever seen. Numerous support staff. On-site sophisticated eye testing. He is very impressive.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	1	My family and I have been going to Dr. Salmond for many years.  Dr. Salmond gives a thorough gentle hands on adjustment without the use of machines. He is kind and compassionate.  His staff is knowledgeable and friendly.  I would recommend Dr. Salmond to anyone and everyone. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	Great dentist, and wonderful hygenists. Also, very good with children. I was the guinea pig, but now our whole family goes there. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	. nicest guy you'll ever meet, always happy and very gentle, his hygenists do a great job also 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
80	-1	Wow, I was not the only one who felt like this. Horrible doctor. I don't recall him speaking to me once. He did unnecessary work on my teeth. I think he keeps patients around for the money. Another doctor was productively straightening my teeth and had to move away so I was stuck with this pathetic excuse of a doctor. He applied numerous things to my teeth and did not helpfully change them one bit. He also shaved my teeth without consulting me first. Eventually I think he just gave up on my teeth. Terrible person. AVOID AT ALL COSTS. This is coming from a future MD. He should be sued. What a waste of time. He's probably going to satisfy his income with the plethora of uneducated non-English speaking patients on Medicare in that area who don't know any better. Solid plan doc! What a meaningful career and life you lead. 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
80	-1	This doctor is very sarcastic! his nurse is rude. Front staff... forget about it! Customer service is the most important thing to me.  I am not happy 	2	3	1	2 	Insurance:Delta Dental
80	-1	I've had braces for 3 years going on 4 and two of my teeth are crooked and he wants to take off my braces on my next visit. I told him flat out &quot;NO&quot;! I try to tell him about fixing my bite because I have an extreme overbite and he doesn't LISTENN!! I'm so fustrated that I've spent all this time for my teeth to come out crooked! 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
80	-1	ugh i thought i was the only one. I have an appt with him tomorrow and am not looking forward to it. He's extremely rude, has no beside manner of which to speak. You should see what his nurse did to my mouth last month, gashed up the corners of my mouth entirely. I'll be glad when my treatment is over not because I mind my braces but because I despise going there. I've been his patient for about 3 years now and he's never said more than 3 words to me. I'm a college student in Philadelphia who has to go home to NJ once a month for treatment but I doubt he knows that. God forbid he'd take out the time to get to know his patients. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
80	-1	He does not listen to the patient's needs. He's close minded and god forbid you questioned him. He's always in a hurry, very disrespectful and doesn't perform a thorough check up when you go every month. I would definitely not recommend this doctor. I spent 3 years with braces, followed everything he told me to do and at the end I was not satified with his work. He removed off my braces a few months back and now i am in the search for another ortho. And the staff in the front desk are horrible! They lack order. Sometimes they miss your name and attend people that came after you,first. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
80	0	Dr saffar is very rude,scarcastic and doesn't make time for his patients.it's rush in and out,he's on a schedule. braces don't stay on,one of his staff members also very scarcastic.I would never recommend him to anyone.  	2	2	2	4 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
80	-1	Rude, sarcastic, treats patients disrespectfully. Extremely long waiting time.  		1	1	3 	Insurance:Delta Dental
81	1	I thought Dr. Sabin was excellent.  He removed a cyst from my cervical lymph nodes (in the neck) and I had no problems.  I would highly recommend him.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
81	-1	this doctor is dunb and does not know what he should. i would never send any family members or friends 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	Caring individual and a fine physician. really takes the time with you.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
81	-1	Dr. Sabin was remarkably unknowledgeable. He did not seem to know the basics of LPR disease. He gave me an expensive prescription, and after being asked admitted I could get the exact same drug over the counter.  	5	2	3	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
81	1	Dr. Sabin is awesome!  My son had recurring ear infections and, after many sleepless nights, we met with Dr. Sabin.  My son was an infant.  He needed a few surgeries and Dr. Sabin was kind, compassionate and very knowledgeable.  My son is now almost 5 years old and, thank goodness, he hasn't had ear problems in a couple of years.  Each time we are in the area, he wants to visit Dr. Sabin's office to see him and his wonderful staff.  I highly recommend him...wonderful and caring doctor. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	I brought my child to Dr. Sabin for recurring ear infections.  Dr. Sabin was terrific.  Ultimately my child needed ear tubes after several office visits and lots of discussion.  No longer we are waking up at night due to ear pulling and pain.  I would highly recommend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
81	1	Dr. Sabin is very knowledgeable and very easy to talk to. He is also VERY good with the kids.  He was awesome with my daughter who had to have her adnoids removed.  He is also not quick to recommend surgery.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
81	1	Dr. Sabin is very compassionate and cares for his patients. My son has had several sets of ear tubes put in as well as having his adenoids out. Dr Sabin followed up with phone calls to make sure my son was comfortable. His office staff is very professional, friendly and helpful.  Beware that he does talk extremely fast, but don't hesitate to tell him to slow down!!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
82	1	.  	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:CIGNA
82	-1	Dr Saferstein is very nice, but staffs are very unkind, unpleasant and rude. 	1	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	Fabulous Doctor, Awesome Staff! Full eye exam. If you have questions, he actually takes the time to listen to you and explain everything. They help pick out the perfect frames or contacts and you get your glasses FAST! Super Highly Recommended! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	very impressed with doctor and staff. No wait.. in and out. Glasses and contacts arrived less than week later. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	Awesome Doctor!! Very helpful and spends the extra time with you to answer questions. Staff is terrific too! Highly recommend! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
83	1	Dr. Sachs has been my doctor for over 20 years. Twice yearly I am given several differant test for my heart condition. We review the results and he answers all my questions. In addition he sends me a complete report of our meeting including test resuls and answers to my questions.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
84	-1	Was never told that the ins co dropped him for fraud. Had to cancel surgery and go elsewhere to avoid paying thousands. Whe he did take my ins. he double billed and was charged with fraud.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
84	1	. Althoug wait is long because of demand very good bed side manner and great surgeon 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
84	-1	This doctor is GREEDY. Wants all the tests done in his office. Bills you CO-PAY multiple times for the visit already paid for. On top of that has the nerve to bill you for cancelled appointments that were cancelled more than 48 hours before the appointment time. I PAID MY SHARE OF CO-PAY ON MY VISIT AND AM STILL BEING BILLED MULTIPLE TIMES FOR THE SAME VISIT. Spoke to their office at least 12 times on record. PLEASE AVOID THIS DOCTOR AS MUCH AS POSSIBLE. 	3	2	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
85	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	. Excellent Doctor!! Friendly and the surgery was PAINFREE! It was amazing! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
87	1	Outstanding. Very efficient. Takes time to talk.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
88	1	Nothing less than excellence.  I recommend Dr sackstein to any and everyone 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
88	-1	the worst experience in my life. Was not helpful just arrogant.very unhappy with the outcome. Good luck 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	I had a procedure done by Dr. Sackstein back on May 31st.. His staff were so caring and understanding and would answer every question i had, as for Dr. Sackstein talked me into the whole thing from start to finish! Very Caring very sweet man, So i just want to Thank him and his whole staff for everything they did for me..  I Promis you won't be let down!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
88	1	AMAZING DOCTOR!  I FELT SO COMFORTABLE, NOT ONLY IS HE A DOCTOR, BUT NOW I HAVE A NEW FRIEND. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	I've been going to Dr Saky for 8 years after being diagnosed with Thyroid Cancer. I've been on support group over the years learning about my medical issues and I have to say I am so happy not only to live near and Endo but also one of the best!I've read horror stories from other's that I just can't imagine. Yes, the wait is long, be prepared, but as I always tell people, this specialty is extremely complex. She treats everyone and their illness on an individual basis, not a cookie cutter basis. She listens to you and your issues, and goes from there. To watch her mind work while deciding what the best course of action should be for you is just unbelievable. She gives each and everyone the time they need for their individual issue{s}. Many times I've waited hours in doctor's offices but never have I gotten the attention I needed like I do with Dr. Saky.  	 3/5/12	4	2	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
89	-1	Be prepared for a 4 hour wait. The office staff is rude. I am not impressed with the doctor. She is strictly a numbers doc and doesn't take into consideration how you are feeling. I've been diagnosed with hypothyroid for about 30 years so I know when my body isn't responding right. My symptoms are getting worse and she refuses to adjust treatment or try T3 supplement. I am looking for a new doc. 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	The secret to seeing Dr. Saky is first thing in the morning. Get an appt before 9:30 or be prepared to wait 1 to 2.5 hours. She has a couple of receptionists- one is nice but the other one is rude and talks down to you. The nurse is very nice. Dr. Saky is knowledgeable and if she is unsure of something, she will reach out to colleagues for their opinions. I have a couple different medical conditions so I see quite a few doctors. I went to Dr Saky the first time for unexplained weight gain. Although it was found to just be a side-effect from a medication, Dr. Saky orders blood work and sees me annually to monitor my sugar, thyroid, etc. since I'm at high risk due to family history. I've been a patient of her's for almost 4 years and I have always found her to be thorough. The downside -- Dr. Saky works independently so it does cause the wait times to go up for appts, follow-ups to phone calls, refills, results, etc. Overall -- great doctor, but tries to see too many patients.  	3	2	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
89	0	over 3 hour wait at every appointment,no concern for patient wait times. Test results or biopsy results take 2 weeks and repeated calls. 	1	1	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
89	0	Receptionist is rude! Billing is horrible took 4 attempts for them to file right with my insurance,they kept putting in wrong  birthdate, and billing and calling me! wait time was 3hrs and Dr was pleasant but took forever to get your lab results.  If you have a thyroid issue she tells you to &quot;go hungry&quot; 	1	1	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
89	1	Dr. Saky is EXTREMELY knowledgeble and WELL WORTH THE WAIT. She is firm, but is very concerned with the well being of her patients.  She called me on a number of occasions when my blood results were off to tell me to change my meds, even contacted my husband when I could not be reached!!! She is great, wait times are long but you have to wait for the best!!!!! 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
89	-1	Waited 3 hours just to be seen, doctor spends too much time in between patients doing nothing. She did ask a lot of questions as to my current symptoms , wasnt concerned however when she felt my thyroid then she ordered a lot of tests. I went for a thyroid ultrasound and she never called me back with resuts, it has been one week still waiting .I will have to pick them up at the hospital I went to. I think thats dangerous to patient care.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
89	1	Dr. Saky is well worth the 2 hour wait.  Too many of us want everything done yesterday, however, when you're dealing with your health, I'd rather wait all day to know I'm receiving top quality care.  I saw several doctors and Dr. Saky was the only doctor able to diagnose my rare medical condition.  	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
89	-1	After many 3 hour wait times, I've had it.  The Doctor doesnt listen, isnt helpful and doesnt get back to you for wekks with test results.  Spends more time taking gifts from the pharm reps than with the patients. 	2	1	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	I've seen Dr Saky for 2 conditions over a couple of years. Dr Saky was very thorough in making my diagnosis. She ran many different lab and imaging tests to rule out unusual and rare conditions. She did not make assumptions to arrive at an easy answer. She was able to make an accurate diagnosis and worked with Dr Vin Prabhat who performed surgery to successfully treat me.(He is an excellent surgeon as well.) More recently, I was faced with new unusual symptons. Dr Saky performed many tests, consulted with others about my condition, and refered me to specialists at 2 University hospitals that were experts in this area. She knows her limitations and helps the patient to get the best care. She also ran a multitude of tests for me to bring with me to the specialist who commented about the thorough nature of the tests allowing her to make a quicker better informed diagnosis. She also returned calls about urgent test results quickly. I would recommend Dr Saky even though the waits are long.  	3	2	5	4 	Insurance:CIGNA
89	-1	Unfortunately, I have experience with doctors in New Jersey, New York and Boston.I have never experienced this type of service that Dr. Saky provided.The receptionist is kind however her pace was slow, the appointment waiting time was 2 hours plus with each visit and Dr. Saky approach to my condition (which I had for years) was not on target.The only reason why I chose Dr. Saky was because my endocrinologist retired and I thought it would be more convenient for me to see a doctor near my home instead of my office in New Brunswick.After my third visit, I knew this doctor was not for me.The poor folks waiting in the reception area as I was finally leaving my appt was heart breaking.I immediately found an endocrinologist in the New Brunswick area that is fantastic in all areas.If you are not satisfied with Dr. Saky, I encourage you to seek out another doctor.No one should sustain that type of stress when going to see a doctor.I will end my review on a positive note-the nurse was kind.  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
89	-1	She insists on all the talking. You will wait for 3 hours to see her and she will go over all your blood work and never ask you if you have any problems. When you try to discuss your concerns, she tells you to wait until she is finished. She brushes off all you concerns with the answer, &quot;the numbers are right.&quot; Even though I kept telling her I didn't feel well with the medication, she insisted it was the correct dose. My hair was falling out in clumps and her response was that my hair looks lovely and it just a little dry.    Also they have no experience in scheduling appointments. It has been the same problem for years: you have to wait up to 3 hours to see the doctor. Receptionists are very nice but they never call you to come in a little later.  	5	1	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
89	0	Had to wait over 2 hours on more than one occasion. But she was the only doctor who diagnosed me properly.  Torn between the wait time and getting the treatment I need.  Would try another doctor because of the absolutely ridiculous wait time, but there are no other endocrinologists in the area taking new patients right now.  	3	1	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
89	0	Extremely long wait time - can be up to three hours plus!!! Receptionist is RUDE - she doesn't talk - she uses harsh tones and condescending manners.   Doctor is thorough, however, she talks down to you.  Doctor does not like when you ask questions.  	1	1	2	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
89	1	I have been seeing her for about 3 yrs now. She is very smart and diagnosed a medical condition I didn't know I had. I was fortunate that she caught it. There aren't many endocrinologists in the area never mind very good ones, so be prepared to wait while seeing her. She is extremely busy but is very thorough. Try to get the earliest appointment in the day so you don't have to wait so long. There is a sign in her office stating that she only returns calls on Fridays. There have been times when I have waited a long time for a return call. But the results were nothing that had to be dealt with right away.  There is also a 72 hr waiting period to get prescriptions refilled. Ask for refills while you are in the office. She also refers you to very knowledgeable doctors if needed. I have been very happy with the doctors she has recommended. Overall I think she is a great doctor and sometimes you have to put up with annoyances to have great care.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
89	1	Very caring, very thorough.  Has way to many patients - be prepared to wait.  	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
89	1	Very long waits (at least 1.5 hours).  Bedside manner is pretty harsh.  However, she is very thorough.  After having city doctor's, I appreciate that.  	3	1	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
89	-1	Alarmist and avoids answering questions about why she is recommending something.  Had to keep calling her for results of biopsy and she seemed annoyed that she had to speak with me.  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
89	-1	I waited 3 hours to see her. Had to go for a biopsy. She had my results on a tues never called me until a week and 1/2 even tho i called every day an was told she'd call me after 4:30. I called friday morning stating i did not want to spend another weekend on pins an needles to please call me at work an left my work number. She called my cell left me a voice message telling me she had my chart but was leaving for the day and would talk to me next week. I never got a call all week an I called a few times asking to have her call me. Friday morning I called to say send me all my info I am going to another dr. she called me back and told me she only makes calls on friday. So I guess when your waiting for cancer results its ok to keep you waiting too weeks! I strongly suggest you use anyone besides her.  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:HealthPartners
89	0	Seeing her was a nightmare from hell. No bedside manner. Couldn't handle my questions. Treats patients like meat. 		3	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
89	-1	Be prepared to WAIT!! For a minimum of 2.5 hrs if not more. To make matters worse...after waiting long hours to see you, she makes you feel hurried and rushed. Heaven forbid you should want her to spend some actual time answering your questions, she once told me to do my own research!! Also she has a problem on following up on your medication refills - normally she takes about 2 days although I once waited 5 days for her to call my pharmacy back to refill my prescriptions. Even my pharmacist complains about her and how unprofessional she is!! Overall she is a horrible doctor with a slight attitude as well! I would strongly advise going elsewhere.  	 6/12/07		1	1	Insurance:United Healthcare
89	-1	Very long waits, filthy waiting room. Does not return calls or renew Rx in timely manner.  		1	2	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
90	-1	TERRIBLE. I went to this doctor for YEARS in an attempt to get rid of my constant congestion and coughing. After countless medications and tests that never yielded any results (and NEVER waiting for less than an hour, regardless of my appointment times) I finally gave up and stopped seeing her. If you're looking for actual results, or an office that gets you in and out even remotely on time, do not come here.  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
90	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
90	-1	Initially I thought she was a good doctor. But it turned out she was just after my money. She prescribed the wrong medicine and she wanted you to visit her frequently, so she can make money.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
90	-1	I went to her for my Fibromyalgia. In the two yrs she treated me my FM became the worse ever in the 18 yrs I've had it. She never monitored it or treated it. She gave me drugs that were addicting although I was concerned she kept reassuring me I could get off of them with no problem. They ruined my career and life. She never told me my cholesterol was out of control. For 2 yrs I walked around with bad chol and thyroid problems. The visits I made focused on allergies shots. I went 2-3 times a week. That is all she treated me for. Never the FM. As a result my Fm became so out of control I have had to stop working and have not been able to since. I requested my med records from her and found her docs to be a cut & paste of the same thing and why my health was so out of control. Every visit I went for was the same. Even when I had an allergic reaction to one of her injections and when I was very sick with high temps. My vital signs never fluctuated. She is incompetent and unprofessional.  	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
90	-1	She is not professional doctor at all.She knows just to do allergy test and she and her husband are money eaters.They will always look for what test they can do on you and how much they can get.Better not to go to this Dr. and her husband who stays in the same building. 		1	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
90	-1	unfortunately, i had a similar experience. she seems to be only running after money, and i doubt her credibility. 		3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
90	-1	she never listens to you and she is more busy calculating how many test she can do on you and how much money she can bill for to your insurance.she did her residency from very garbage place..and she lacks medical knowledge big time......her husband is a nice doctor but looks like unfortunately he married to wrong women. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
91	0	Dr. Sales was cold,unfeeling and extremely rude to my elderly mother. She had several short questions for him and he was unwilling to discuss any of them. 	5	5	1	5 	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	Outstanding MD; Great bedside manner; Totally honest; very competent; great result 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	 	4	5	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
93	1	She is the best..Very professional...I recommend her highly! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
94	1	He is amazing! Very caring. Has helped me tremendously.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
95	1	Dr. Salazer cared for my father when he was hospitalized with major kidney issues.  Dr. Salazer was not only incredibly competent, but one of the nicest most caring people I have ever met.   He explained everything in terms my father and I could understand - gave us options, and took the time to be compassionate with me.  You feel like he is your only patient even though he is extremely busy.  He saved my father's kidneys.  There aren't ratings on this scale high enough for Dr. Salazer. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
95	1	Dr Salazer is very caring. Will always take the time to listen to you.  I have been going to him for 12 years 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
95	1	Absolutely the most intelligent, kind physician you will ever come across. He has been my doctor for over 10 years, and I don't know what I would ever do without him. Yes, he is very busy and keeps a tight schedule, but always makes the time to talk to you, answer your questions and discuss any issues you are having.  Would absolutely recommend him to anyone!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
95	1	A truly great physician both in knowledge as well as bedside manner. He is a busy doctor who still spends the time to answer all your questions and is available whenever a need arises. He is always there when you are in the hospital and concerns himself as though you are his only patient. I highly recommend Dr. Salazer as wello as his office staff to all.  Richard DeSanto 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:AARP
95	-1	I HAVE BEEN GOING TO DR.SALAZER SINCE JAN OF 2007. HE IS VERY GOOD IN HIS FIELD.  I HAD KINDEY ISSUS WHICH IS NOW UNDER CONTROL. AT FIRST HE WAS VERY CARING AND KIND FOR ABOUR THE FIRST YEAR THEN I FEEL LIKE I AM JUST A NUMBR NOW AND DOES NOT GIVE ME THE TIME OAY. HE HAS LOST HIS BEDSIE MATTERS. I AM SERIOULSY THINKING OF CHANGING.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
95	1	Dr. Salazer is, as has been noted before, a very caring doctor. My spouse is a diabetic whose kidneys have failed. Dr. Salazer remains positive and encouraging to him and, when he was in the hospital, was warm and caring. He explains things, answers questions, and puts patient care first.  We are so happy to have him as part of our medical team! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
95	1	I've been to many doctors and Dr. Salazer is by far one of the best (if you need a good urology see Dr. Watson/Hackensack). Dr. Salazer is very caring and smart! He is one of the few doctors that truly care about the health and emotional well being of his patients. He has an impressive background that includes a residency at the Mayo Clinic, which is one of the best hospitals in the US. Office staff is very busy, but very nice and have been very helpful to me with my tests and referrals. I am grateful to have found him.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
95	1	I have a slew of  doctors, from cardiologist,endocrinologist,dermatologist, you name it, it seems I've got one for every part of my  body. Dr. Salazer is one of the most thorough and caring doctors around. I've also worked in a  hospital for many years and have known many doctors. He is one of the nicest doctor you could work with. I would highly recommend Dr. Salazer as an internest or nephrologist!!!! 	2	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
95	1	Bright, personable and very helpful. Sometimes goes very quickly, so be sure to write down your questions ahead of time; he always takes the time to make sure you get your answers & explanations. Phones can be busy for days (literally) I've experienced this several times and have heard the same from local pharmacists & other patients) Former staff was short & unhelpful, but seems to have done 360* turn-around over last couple of years.  Highly recommend!! (Worth the trouble trying to call) 		4	4	5 	Insurance:Oxford
95	1	Absolutely wonderful doctor, thorough, intelligent, great personality. Nice office staff, hires competent staff. I'd rate him a 10 if possible. Very caring. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
95	0	His staff is horrible. They almost never pick up the phone and they'll wait all day before calling you back. When you do get there for an apt.  The staff's unwilling to help has forced me to look for a new primary doctor 		3	2	3 	Insurance:Oxford
