dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	Dr. Hahn is a good doctor, and the woman doctor is also good, but two woman in his staff are not very professional in my experience.  I over heard two of the regular office woman speaking very badly about the one worker who I believe does the billing as I dealt with her on the phone and found her to be extremely helpful and knowledgeable.  It's not the first time these two woman who are always there, have acted badly toward this worker. It made me uncomfortable and also shows that the doctors don't actually run the office, apparently  these two nasty clerks do. It isn't pleasant to say the least.  	1	4	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	-1	Nice enough, but didn't diagnose my problem. Just gave me a all purpose cream that did nothing. Don't waste your time. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	Dr. Hahn diagnosed me after 7 dermatologists over 4 years failed to do so.  He spent time with me, excused himself and came back with a text pinpointing my affliction. When a pharmacy could not mix the proper treatment, Dr. Hahn said he had the ingredients, mixed them for me and gave them to me at no extra charge.  The man is professional, diligent and caring.  I no longer live in his area of practice, but wish I could find such an able, thorough dermatologist here in Florida! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
1	-1	.  	2	2	2	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	1	excellent, genuinely concerned and interested in his profession, and patients. will do what ever it takes to help you. cares about prevention. spends as much time with you as you would like. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	Hes the best! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	Wiyh the exception of the time delay I was impressed with the professional and personal kindness of the doctor and staff.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
3	-1	The worst communication I have ever had with a physician and his staff.  Couldn't remove a polyp, and wants &quot;another go at it&quot;...Total disorganization and time spent waiting for a procedure (more than four hours after original scheduling time with no explanation or apology)was unreasonable. Since procedure, doctor has never called.  Staff called with results of biopsy more than a month after procedure.  Very dissatisfied.  	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Aetna
3	-1	I had a surgical procedure that HABER performed. ENTERYX--- the procedure was recalled because of POOR PERFORMANCE by DR's!!! Also, the material is non-removable and placed internally. THIS DR never filled out reports, disclosed PUNCTURING INSIDES, only after he was threatened legally!! He spends times in HAMPTONS as he states to everyone when they ARE WAITING to see him. HABER promotes himself--- NOT CONCERNED FOR PATIENT or PROVIDING RECORDS to SEEK MEDICAL HELP!!  I RATE This doctor a complete ZERO and to see his face smiling makes me sick for the damage he did !!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	What an incredible doctor! Really helped me and cared for my problem. He always had the answer to my questions, and made my recovery a special experience. Who knew healthcare could be so easy&#63; 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	Great doctor! Very knowledgeable and caring.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	Dr. Haber's the fourth GI I've seen, and the first capable of diagnosing and monitoring my condition. He's THE guy that gets the most complicated, problematic cases. If you have to wait, he's definitely WORTH the wait. He's innovative, and someone that it pays to have on your side. And his assistant Lulu's terrific, too.  	 7/25/08	5	2	5	Insurance:HIP
3	1	Really grateful to have someone capable of seeing things that alot of these so-called gastroenterologists can't even see.  	4	1	5	5 	Insurance:HIP
3	-1	Nice guy, but cares only about his procedures, and how famous he can become. May be good at some procedures but did one on me that was in vogue at a brief period, and has since been taken off the market. He did it poorly too. 	1	1	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	Dr.  Gregory Haber is Chief of Gastroenterology at Lenox Hill Hospital for one reason- HE IS THE ABSOLUTE BEST, MOST CARING AND BRILLIANT PHYSICIAN YOU WILL FIND ANYWHERE 		5	5	5 	Insurance:GHI
4	1	.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
4	1	Dr. Haase is probably the best psychiatrist out there. She has helped me tremendously. she is genius at what she does. trust me. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	-1	I was sexually assaulted approximately 18 months ago. After several several sessions I became uncomfortable with the way in which Dr. Haase treated this incident. I explained to her that I did not see myself as a victim and that I felt she treated me as though I saw myself as a victim (meaning I don't pity myself for what happened and don't wish others to pity me). Dr. Haase said that she was relieved to hear this because not only did she think I portrayed myself as a victim but she felt that I needed to take responsibility for my own****! I in no way consented to what happened to me. THIS WOMAN IS A RAVING LUNATIC AND SHOULD NOT BE ALLOWED TO PRACTICE MEDICINE!!! 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
5	0	I had an 11:00 appt with this doctor, being that I am a new patient I was there early. Unfortunately this doctor was about 2 hours late and on top of that I waited another 2 hours after my pupils were dialated. I told a technician how upset I was and could hear her tell Dr. Hahn, who was completely insensitive. I will never be going back. 	2	1	1	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	I brought my mother to see Dr. Haas and he immediately put us at ease. He was warm, caring and gave my mother as wonderful (if that is possible) an experience during her radiation treatments as could be possible. I wish all doctors were like him! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	Dr. Ha is a very skillful doctor with a good heart. He always provides useful info. He is straightforward and patient when it comes to explain the medical situation. It is convenient to make appointments with him. He referred me to a very good surgeon for my colon cancer. He is very careful to remove a very, very small polyp during colonoscopy in my 4th year of cancer free. He is the only one doctor so far that I don't feel scared of needles because he is so skillful in taking blood and giving shots. It is very important that patients trust their doctors. Dr. Ha is the one that I trust fully when I need consultation and advise for my health.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
7	1	He's very nice. I became his patient like 10 years ago. And0 I still come to his office although I moved to NJ.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
7	1	Excellent service again.  He is very frank with his comments and his staff helps you make referral appointments for you.   He seems to have many patients yet you don't have to wait for your appt that long.   His explanations are very complete and on the mark.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HIP
7	1	Best PCP I have ever had.    I am a Science Teacher and the last PCP before him just kicked me out as a doctor and did not return calls.   He just performed a gastroscopy last weekend.  He explains very clearly and offers you choices on treatment!!!!  I definitely recommend him and he takes almost all insurance!!!   He should get a Medal of Honor!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	-1	absolutely horrible doctor. I got admitted to the Emergency room and was treated by staff. After I was stabilized, this &quot;dr&quot; walks over, does nothing, then I get a bill for $500!!!! My insurance company paid the hospital for my visit ($1000) and then I get a separate bill for this man WHO DID NOTHING!!! Stay away if you value your health, patience and money. His last name - halfpenny - serves him well because that is all he's worth.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Oxford
9	-1	 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	Dr.Hall is a wonderful caring doctor.  He explains everything thoroughly and is very knowledgeable. I would be very confident in sending any of my family and friends to him.  Thank you Dr. Hall for the wonderful care through a difficult surgery.   You are an exceptional person and doctor! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	-1	In my opinion Dr Hall too often leaves his very sick patients to subordinates.  This can have a disastrous end for all concerned.  I am concerned that he doesn't care about his patients. 	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	to be honest, i see diane legendre.. she has helped me more than i can say..after unsuccessful back surgery and 23 days in hospital-5,5,13 with no answers, diane was able to not only answer the problem, but prescribe meds to help with the pain that was horrid before..i will say that personally, i don't like seeing dr. hallinan, but that has nothing to do with knowledge..just personality..brenda at the desk is wonderful as is priscilla the nurse...i would never thinking of anyone taking care of me other than diane.. thanks for the chance to let others know 	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Medicare
10	-1	Dr. Changed medication, ordered blood levels checked in one week butdidn't follow-up on change in blood levels when received updated blood drawn reports and I almost died to due dehydration from a diuretic high blood pressure medication that was not correct for me.  Spent 5 days in hospital - more tests, more money spent that would not have been needed if Dr. and staff had read blood results and taken me off the new medication in time.  They advised me that my levels were in acceptable ranges(which was wrong)as when I was admited to hospital, the hospital doctor pulled those records and said they were elevated at the time the blood was drawn and I should have been advised to see Dr. and go off the medicine. I have since changed Drs.  	3	2	2	2 	Insurance:Medicare
11	1	THOROUGH 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	-1	The staff is absolutely rude, extremely lazy. They have no people skills. They make it seem that u r bothering them. I had to leave, I have never had a prob with the Dr (Habib) but because of his staff I walked out, a gentleman walked out and another patient argued with them about how many times she had to fill out forms (2hrs worth). She offered to pay by credit card just so the Dr. could see her. Never again.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
12	-1	Horrible office. i left before even being seen called me to go in early then had me wait 1hr 15 min to me this alone is unacceptable as i work in medical i would never make a patient wait so long. then proceeded to hear the Doctor and patients in the next room's conversation where the patient ended up in the emergency room after a procedure in this Dr's office that was enough for me. P.S they seem to push the most expensive thing on the menue sinuplasty beware... 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	I had to take my tonsils out for the second time because the first doctor did a very poor job.  Dr. Habib, on the other hand, completed the procedure brilliantly.  He is an excellent doctor who is also a pleasure to talk to.  Very personable and easy-going. I only wish all the doctors were like him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
12	1	Dr. Habib operated on me several years back to remove nasal polyps, he did a fine job. He is a competent ENT.  	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:GHI
12	1	I had sleep apnea surgery. I found him to be very knowledgeable, caring, and personable. He explained everything thoroughly.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:GHI
12	-1	I was treated by this doctor many years ago - I went to him because I had ringing in my ears. He gave me a hearing test and then prescribed Xanax, which is a medicine to treat anxiety! Not a very good doctor. . .  		3	1	1 	Insurance:GHI
12	-1	THIS DOCTOR STARTS HELPING YOU AND THEN HE LEAVES HES THE WORST DOCOTR THAT DOES ENT HE TRYED CLEANING MY DAUGHTERS EAR LEFT WAX HE ALMOST POPED HER EAR DRUM I WOULD NOT REFER AND IF WOULD HAVE POPED MY DAUGHTERS EAR DRUM SHE WOULD HAVE BEEN DEAF I WOULD SUE IF THIS HAPPENS IM TRYING TO FIND A ENT WITH OXFORD I WOULD REFER OXFORDS ENTS.  		1	1	1 	Insurance:GHI
12	-1	If you blink your eyes your out of the room. Always in a rush to get you out! 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	hes simply the best. such a polite, caring, and understandable doctor. i strongly recommend him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	best eye doc ever!!1 i def recommend!! so nice,and caring and friendly staff.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HIP
13	1	besy eye doctor!!!! i def recommend. his exams are very detailed. he is very friendly understanding and helpful. gave me some free meds untill i could get the precription filled. he has a helpful and friendly staff.  great ofice! go see him! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:HIP
13	1	I don't think I have ever encountered such a caring doctor. He is polite and so nice and caring and makes sure to follo up to make sure that everything is ok. I really like and I highly recommend him.P.S.  he has really cool glasses- cheap! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
14	-1	Extremely condescending.  Seems to think he should be worshiped.  Poor overseer of hospital stay.  Impatient with questions.  Not qualified to address real medical issues.  Staff is snippy. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	. excellent doctor 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:GHI
15	1	I have been seeing Rosemarie Haase for several years. She always takes her time with me when I see her, and she always follows up with me within a week of my visit for results. She takes her time with me more than the doctors do, and she seems like she knows what shes doing.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
16	-1	Did not listen very well. Had tests ordered and was never given the results. I got my own results and researched ways to help myself on the internet. I felt he had his mind made up about me, no matter what I said. Felt frustrated, and insignificant. 	3	4	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	He's a good doctor but not punctual at all. His staff schedules appointments for 1pm yet you're only seen at 2pm. Would not recommend due to his staff. Incredibly, they're very efficient at mailing the bills.  	3	1	4	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
18	1	Good doctor.  She made me feel at ease.  A little harried last time I saw her and a little stumped about that particular issue- but I believe she knows her stuff in general.  Staff is nice too.  When I called in for a problem that overlapped with another field- her staff was quick to speak to her and give me a stopgap solution until I was able to get in there.  This is key- many busy offices- staff don't communicate with the doctor well; hers does.  FYI- I used to go to Marc Grossman, considered the best dermatologist in the city and I switched to Halem b/c I found her personality better 	4	3	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	Dr. Halem was very helpful,polite, and knowledgeable.   the staff is the nicest I have ever met and most helpful 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
18	1	Dr. Halem was awesome, and her staff is amazing, probably the nicest group of people i've ever met in a doctor's office. Dr. Halem was amazing. Really thorough, really nice, and even took the time to answer other dermatological questions I had.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	-1	After waiting an hour and a half I finally put my clothes on and left.  The staff kept saying 15 minutes...oh, just 10 more minutes.  It was absurd and this Dr. should not be given more business if she thinks her time is more valuable than others.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	1	I went today to see Dr. Halem and I have to say that she is very nice, she knows a lot and does excellent cosmetic procedures. I'd highly recommend her. No doubt 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	-1	Unskillful intervention. Wrinkle filler and botox treatment ineffective - badly &quot;aimed&quot; so original wrinkle did not disappear and other wrinkles and bumps appeared. Information given in onsultations prior to treatment was misleading, as to price and treatment itself. 	3	1	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	Excellent doctor. Very dry personality but who cares. He knows what he is doing. If find the staff a bit confused and nobody calls you back about test results unless you remind them. I still would not go to anybody else.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
20	1	Sometimes there is a wait but he's very thorough, knows what he's doing and does take the time to discuss any concerns you may have.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
20	0	. unnecessary treatments  long wait  poor bedside mannwe 	3	3	2	3 	Insurance:Medicare
21	-1	Horrible service.  Avoid at all cost.   This whole facility is all about money and cares nothing about the patient.  I was abandoned in the middle of surgery, told to eat dirt by Dr. Halliday.  He lied to my face several times,  breached his contract and is costing me thousands to fix a botch surgery. 	 8/25/12	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	I have been going there for years and i will keep going back for all my facial needs 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	-1	very dissatified. unpleasant experience. the doctor seemed rushed. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	Before leaving the area six years ago, I was a patient of Dr. Halliday for many, many years.  He got me through some very tough nasal and allergy illnesses.  He did surgery on my mother, me, my daughter, husband all with 110% positive results.  When another ENT had me lined up for sinus surgery, he read the tests, and determined it would be very risky and not needed.  He's always been right on and available.  Staff has always treated me kindly.  His Allergy nurse is the best around.  I will be going back to him on a yearly basis, traveling from SC  to Syracuse, just for the expertise from that office.  I can't thank him enough for all the help he was throughout the many years I was his patient.  Very gentle, kind and knowledgeable.  	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
21	1	Dr. Halliday is a wonderful and very sincere doctor. He doesn't rush you thru your questions, is very calming to be around, and does excellent work to boot! I recently had CO2 laser resurfacing done for some deep acne scars, and I am already quite impressed with the results. He has a good reputation around town and rightfully so. The nurses are fun and friendly as well. both Dr. Halliday and is nursing staff seem to genuinely caren about what they do. A+ all the way :) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	-1	i truly hope this doctor burns in hell. He not only ruined my life but he cost me double than what a normal rhinoplasty procedure would cost. I had to have it done all over again by another doctor in the area. He ruined my nose and i know he ruined other peoples faces as well. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	I had a rhinoplasty and septoplasy done.  Dr. Halliday could see that i was nervous, he not only answered all my question, but he also gave me reading material to take home and review.  I called the office 5 times before my surgery and each time someone called me back within an hour.  By the time i had my surgery, i was no longer nervous.  12 days after my surgery i went to a party and no one thought i had surgery just last week. My nose healed nicely and looks great!  Its been three months since the surgery and i have absolutely no pain.  I love it and wish i had found Dr, Halliday earlier.  He did an amazing Job!  He may not be very personable, but his work is awesome. Anyone considering getting your nose done, should go see him.  You wont regret it. 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	-1	Went in for chronic Rhinitis, was told needed surgery. Was allergy tested then given drops which made everything worse. Again told surgery necessary but when I asked questions they were not answered, I was brushed off.  Fortunately got second opinion and did not ever have sinusitis, no anatomical abnormalities.  Surgery would have done nothing.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	0	I went for allergies and after calling and waiting on my prescription to be filled for a couple of weeks, I called again to see what the delay was and they said they were very busy and besides that I would have to pay for the medicine cause they were changing their CODES and insurance may not pick it up.  They had no clue whether insurance would or not 	1	1	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
21	-1	Dr. Haliday is an ENT who (unfortunately) also has board certification in facial plastic surgery. Two years out of surgery I can only say that he does both rather poorly. I went to him for both a septoplasty and a rhinoplasty. Unfortunately, I still cannot breathe and the nose I had before the surgery is the same one I have now--well after the surgery. This was, on my part, a very costly mistake in judgment and I would caution anyone against utilizing this physician for surgery purposes. Also of note is that this doctor's nurse practitioner was very rude when I went in for an appointment post-surgery when the doctor was on vacation. The office practice is overly busy and the small waiting room is often overly filled with people so you have to stand and wait. The front office staff barely make eye contact with you when you come in. You can then wait a very long time to be seen. A cautionary tale to anyone considering this physician surgeon... 	1	1	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
22	-1	 	3	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	He knows his stuff and is attentive and listens while hearing! 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	A caring doctor.  She is very professional and considerate 	4	3	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	0	3 hr wait - no dr. 	4	1	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	amzing surgeon. he did bilateral knee replacement on me March 2,2009.  i played nine holes of golf today, less then three months after my surgery!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	Dr.Haas and his staff are very knowledgeable and very helpful when I had my total knee surgery in February of 2009.  Explained the procedure what to expect very kind and caring Office staff very knowledgeable was able to answer any concern s I had.   I would highly recomend him to anyone considering knee or hip replacemtnt 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	Dr. Haas is the best!  He performed bilateral total knee replacement on my husband. He was knowledgeable, very helpful, caring and extremely competent. He explained everything about the surgery. He and his staff came in to see my husband at least once a day following surgery.  I would recommend him to everyone! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	0	He is arrogant, disrespectful to other treating physicians and unwilling to have any contact with  other physicians 	2	3	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	DR. Hakimi is amazing. I was reading that people are complaining about the wait time. This just means he is a good dr. Its wortht the weight- when he is there; which he usually is.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:GHI
27	1	Dr.Hakimi helped us to be able to conceive healthy twins BH&quot;, and have a safe and healthy pregnancy and delivery. He also was the mohel at our son's bris. He is gentle, compassionate, and extremely good at what he does. He is a very sought after doctor and busy, and it's because he is an angel with wings. I recovered so well and quickly from my c-section thanks to his amazing care. I have never known a doctor other than my allergist, to be so dedicated, patient and genuinely caring of his patients. He always takes the time to listen to you and do a thorough job examining you. He also is not an alarmist, and is careful not to scare his patients. This is such an important skill for someone who does the delicate kind of work he does. I drive an hour now from Monsey to see him because I wouldn't dream of entrusting my pregnancy to anyone else.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	1	AMAZING!!!  The best Doctor you will find in helping and in knowledge! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	Dr. Haddad is fabulous. He is a strongly knowledgable physician with years of experience. I have been a patient for the past 5 years and have never had a problem with him. He's kind, caring, and asks a lot of questions. He truly wants and cares to know whats wrong and always answers any questions I have. I absolutely love him and would recommend him to anyone! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	0	Where should I start&#63; The overcrowded waiting room with outdated magazines &amp; an intermittently working tv&#63; Nah. I only get 1000 characters.  1st - you need to budget 2 hours for a routine office visit. You sign in (on a piece of scrap paper - don't those drug reps have pads they can give them&#63;) then wait 30 + minutes to be called to make your copay. Then you wait another 30 + to be called in by the most personality-less nurse ever. She's seriously a robot. Then you wait  30+ minutes for the doctor. He rushes through the appt, doesn't listen to a word you say, even if you tell him, &quot;I have a lot to talk about,&quot; he only half-listens. He will nickel &amp; dime you for everything &amp; even charges you for follow-ups. You think your office visit copay covers stuff like this, but before you know it you have a huge outstanding balance for all sorts of weird stuff that you thought was covered. This guy is a crook who cares only about $. Stay away. Far away.  Hopefully I can find another doc soon.  	2	1	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	-1	doctors office stinks like smoke.. files everywhere on the floor.. staff not friendly... does not like to write scripts for anything. Pick up a script for durable medical equipment only to return because it was written on a piece of paper and not a script. He and his staff should know better.. Doctor has no hospital privileges in any local hospitals so you are on your own when you are admitted. 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
28	0	Ridiculously long wait time. Waiting room is too small with only 10 crammed chairs, a, TV that cuts in and out every few seconds, and usually more than 12 people waiting at one time for an appointment. On average, I have waited at least an hour to get in to see him, only to be seen for roughly 5 minutes (if that.) My longest wait time was over 2 hours and 45 minutes for an appointment that was scheduled 4 months ahead of time. Make sure you bring a nice long book. Also, payment is pretty much cash only. No credit or debit cards accepted, and only checks over $30. 	2	1	4	2 	Insurance:Unknown
28	0	overbooked is an understatement...not mention he rushes in and out once he sees you 	2	1	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	excellent Dr. Great knowledge and personality. Absolutely the best have been a patient for over 10 years! 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	WAYYY overbooked!!  Will not re-new a script UNLESS he sees you and gets your co-pay....RIDICULOUS!!! 	5	1	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	I love this doctor. He takes great care of you.  He ask all kinds of question to get to the real promblem. In other words he takes his time with you, and put you at ease. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	0	. over booked wait is about 1to 2 hours , when you are seen doe,s not pay attention and you are out in 10 minutes 	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	1	. HE DOES NOT ACCEPT MEDICAID PATIENTS, YOU MUST HAVE AN HMO, SUCH AS FIDELIS WHICH IS HIS PREFERRED PROVIDER 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
29	1	dOCTOR HALPER TOOK CARE OF ME DURING MY HIGH RISK PREGNANCY BEING THAT I WAS 43 AND HAVING MY FIRST BABY. i HAD A NORMAL DELIVERY. hE WAS VERY SUPPORTIVE AND CARING. Regina the PA is also the best and very caring. I highly reccomend his office.  	 9/18/11	4	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
29	1	This doctor is very enthusiastic and caring answers all my questions. delivered my baby no cut. He gives u his cell phone to call in an emergency. how many doctors are this available. I highly reccomend him.  	 9/16/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Oxford
29	1	Dr. Halper is a very knowledgeable and careful doctor.  This is my second pregnancy under his supervision. I have some specific health issues, so my case is really complicated: both pregnancies high-risk. Dr. Halper and his team pay attention to every detail or complaint throughout the whole pregnancy. Only thanks to him I had My first son (7 years old now) full term, and now I am close to 38 weeks ready to deliver my second boy. I had visited other doctors before comimg to his office, so I can say that he is always there for you day and night. Thank you, Dr. Halper!!! 	 9/15/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
29	-1	worst doctor in the world...only cares about the money...more work than he can handle without Evan an assistant to pay any attention to you or the baby..canceled my appointment 4 times in a row because of emergencies...a month and a half worth of time. discovered by a specialist (dr kofinas) that i had a condition called Thermophilic (blood clots) which caused the placenta to rupture and have a miscarriage, which could have been easily avoided by taking blood thinners if i was paid close attention too..i hope your kids go through the same pain and emotional distress that i can never get over... i will be seeking a lawsuit for negligence.  	 9/10/11	1	1	1	Insurance:Aetna
29	-1	Horrible doctor!!!!!!!!!!! Don't go to him! For those who delivered with him-thank God everything went well.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Oxford
29	0	He has tarrible bedside manners.Please don;t go to him, I went to him and I'm looking other doctor and I'm in second trimester.. He hardly spends time with u. never calles if the test results are not normal and many more resons. Im just so uhappy with him. he is in rush all the time. He can't wait to get read of u and have lunch...So unprofessional.maximum time he will spend with u is 5 minutes. That's all.  	3	3	2	3 	Insurance:Oxford
29	1	I love Dr. Halper and his PA Regina. He delivered my first child. I found him to be &quot;odd&quot; but highly sufficient. I would recommend him to my friends.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:GHI
29	1	Dr. Halper is one of the finest doctors I've ever had.  It was actually for my wife and for delivering our baby.  A little quirky but his knowledge is second to none.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
29	1	He is the best doctor. He is very knowledgable. I had 2 delivaries with him: one regular and one c- section. He was in the hospital with me all the time. He doesn't like to explain things too much but he is the doc one can trust.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
29	-1	Horrible horrible doctor!!! I went to his office at 20 weeks preagnent after switching from hospital care.  First appt I was seen by PA, she was nice, second time, I was seen by Halper, he started to talk down to me and raise his voice with me about not having my results back for some tests which were ran.  I attempted to calm the situation and introduced myself (he never introduced himself) but then he snapped on me asking me &quot;whats your problem&quot;.  I told him that he was being rude to me and he turned around and said &quot;I am not being rude to you, obviously you have some other problem.&quot; Furthermore, as I was waiting to be seen, he walked out quite a few times and yelled at the girls who work for him in front of the everyone in the waiting room.   PLS PLS do not go see this doctor, he is VERY VERY rude!  No manners at all!! 	3	2	1	3 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
29	1	I went to many GYNs before coming to this doctor and I am very happy I found him!He is very responsible, intelligent, knows whats he is doing and is really dedicated to his profession. He was with me all the time at hospital when i had a risk of miscarriage.Waiting in the office not so long-max. 1 hour(to compare-my visit to the eye doctor takes usually 2.5-3 hours).Yes, many people in the waiting room, but do u think that a really good doctor should have empty waiting room&#63;&#63;&#63;The staff is pleasant and helpful.His PA- Regina is the nicest person I ever met, very knowledgeable, compassionate, capable, she takes the blood so I never feel any pain!I highly recommend this office to my  friends and other people. PS: Comparing to others,  Dr.  Halper never!!!  asked  me to pay him for pregnancy and delivery! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
29	1	this doctor is the best!!!he take care me with my second pregnancy with twins.he always see me in the time on my apoitmant,he always give me good recomendations about my pragnancy.i was in the hospital 4 time and he always came to me in time.and i want to tell, big thanks him for my very fast and easy labor,naw i ejoy my two girl.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
29	1	I delivered my 1st baby with him. He has an odd sense of humor but knowledgeble. Although he doesn't like to listen and responds that he will charge extra for any questions, that would be funny but he leaves right after so it's partially true! Doesn't explain whats going on. Each office visit wait for way over an hour maybe even 2 hrs which for a pregnant woman way too much and unreasonable. Had c/s delivery because of stress and not knowing if he will come to the hospital,due to that day was major holiday. felt rushed in a way and uncomfortable with his sense of humor. On a positive note, c/s scar healed nicely and its barely visible. At a post delivery follow up visit after waiting for 1 hr. inquired about waiting time, to which they respond as unknown (whole room was filled with pregnant women).  also,shared with staff that i was breastfeeding and inquired about waiting time, he came out and said &quot;leave!&quot; breastfeeding mom is less likely to wait up to 3 hrs 	4	3	3	4 	Insurance:GHI
29	-1	Don't use this doctor if you want to have a good experience naturally delivering your baby.  	2	2	2	2 	Insurance:MB Health
29	-1	Maybe he is knowledgable--not to me. Very inattentive, doesn't like to listen to the patient. Always in a rush, rude. His stuff consists of girls in their early twentieths who do not have basic knowledge of communicational ettiquette--rude on the phone. There is no order in his office-had to wait MINIMUM 45 minutes to be examined EVERY visit. Had TERRIBLE experience in Methodist hospital. I was left alone for a  couple of hours, in pain, screaming for someone to come in into the room--literally. English may be my second language -but,guess what-i know what i am saying...  Will definitely change the doctor when i get pregnant again. Hi is nice when it comes to cash. He is nice when you have twins, which is considered a high-risk pregnancy, because he is clearly afraid to be sued when something goes wrong.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:GHI
29	-1	He is terrible!!!!! He does not answer your questions and all he kept telling me was dont worry about it. I switched and got a better work-up from someone else.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
29	-1	He was terrible in delivery room. He is cutting almost all his patients, because of not wanting to wait. He came to delivery room and told me to push, then he left. I started to push, then I understood that I'm feeling baby coming. When he came I told him that the baby is coming, and I feel that his head almost is out. Halper told me that it is my imagination without even looking at me. And he left again, I stoped pushing because I've been scared that my baby will go out without a doctor. 15 minutes later dr. came back with coffee and bagel. My husband told him to look at me, but dr. was eating and without hurrying. Then my husband screamed at him and only after that dr. came to me to see what is going on. He saw that the baby was going, he didn't want to wait and cut my VAGINA!!!! He sew it but the stitches came apart, and 6 weeks later he told that it is fine. I went to other 4 doctors just for opinion, and 3 of them asked me:&quot; It was dr. Halper&#63;&quot; Now I have to do plastic surgery!!! 	3	2	1	2 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
29	0	He is knowledgeable, but unresponsible.I've decided to find other doctor next time. 	5	3	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	I had him for the first two deliveries. He is knowlegeable doctor, but over protective. I was really happy with the first delivery and very disappointed with the second one. I think he has to many patients and no time to rest between deliveries and office appointments. His staff is very helpful.  And I loved his assistant- she is great! 	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
29	-1	The most horrible experience and medical service I've ever got. Very greedy. Don't care about the patient only about how much he can charge his insurance.  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Aetna
29	-1	The worst doctor I've ever seen in my life! Did not communicate to me, did not remember me by my name, saw me 3 times during my 32 weeks of pregnancy. I finally left to another doctor, because I got such a bad bad review from the hospital's (Methodist) nurses that work with him. Once nurse told me: &quot;He is terrible in the delivery room&quot;. It was enough for me change to another doctor. Do NOT go to see Dr. Halper!!! 	5	4	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
29	1	Dr. Halper is the most attentive and knowledgeble doctor i know.  I had a very difficult twin pregnancy with premature labor and doctor Halper did my prenatal care visit  at my home, even brought his portable ultrasound machine to check the babies every visit.  Never had to wait at his office, he took me in right away due to a high risk pregnancy.  My delivery was easy, C-section scar is invisible as if i had plastic surgery.   very happy, would only come to doctor Halper in the future 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
29	1	basically takes care only of pregnant patients -doesn't like to deal with regular patients, all non-pregnant women are treated by his medical assistants who are not always and completely knowledgable about the problems; doesn't like patients who ask questions - he wants you to follow his advices blondly without asking questions even if you have doubts 	4	3	3	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	Dr Halper is the best!!! Very knowledgeable and attentive to his patients. Competent staff at office and Hospital (Methodist). Never waited more than 30 minutes at his office. Would absolutely recommend him and will certainly use him if there is a next time. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	In general, Dr. Halper is nice but too busy to give his patients personal attention. His office is clean. His staff is supportive. However, I usually have to wait about an hour for my appointment. I gave birth to my son in Methodist Hospital. I didn't like the hospital, and now I am considering finding another doctor who is affiliated with another hospital.  		1	3	4 	Insurance:GHI
30	1	Basically, I owe my life to Dr.Haag. He detected an abnormality and insisted tghat I go immedfiately to an oncologist where it bwas dertermined that Ihad col9oin cancer,stage one. I grant that his office was not the neatest , or that his  oersonal  attire the most pressed,but he is very intelligent. Trust him. I akmj sorry tyhat he haqs moved from Elmira.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
30	-1	this doctor is rude tells me i have no problems when i know i do do not see him he fails to meet a patients needs hes only there for the money stay away from him.  	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
30	1	I went to him several yrs before he moved to Weelsville and found him to be very proficient. 	 9/6/11	3	4	4	Insurance:Unknown
30	-1	This Doctor is by far the worst doctor I have ever met. He was rude to me and my own mother. He is sloppy and he is very unprofessional. He has no respect for women and is often very rude to his staff. He makes me feel very unconformable every time I am their. I am in the process of seeing someone else.  	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
30	-1	He claimed I had a lump somewhere in my abdomen...he gave me a *physical* in under 30 seconds for college.  I have no lumps; I get regular, thorough OBGYN exams (a female) and they have never found any such lumps.  There is nothing wrong with my abdomen.  I have no pain and no lumps.  He is after one more buck, that is all.  A routine college physical but it needs to be done thoroughly, honestly, and professionally.  My mother is an RN. 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	Took my mom (age 87) to Dr. Haag after her previous physician relocated out of our area.  She has seen him many times and likes him a lot.  He takes his time with her, asks many questions and listens to what she has to say.  Since I attend the appointments with her, I hear the way he speaks to her, and have never been displeased.  He is gentle, friendly and thorough.  We have never had a problem with him or his staff. The office is not &quot;state of the art&quot; (located in a former home) but is functional.  	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
30	-1	This doctor is the most rudest, arrogant pompus ass I have ever seen. He won't let you speak the entire time you are in the room, dosen't want to hear your symptoms. The staff is also very unprofessinal. Best bet is to stay clear of this man! not a good doctor at all.  	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
30	1	I found Dr. Haag to be very helpful and informative, my condition was getting worse and had seen another local Doc for my ailment with no relief.  After Seeing Dr. Haag his treatment plan worked and I am much better now.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
30	1	Very Pleasant expierience, about a month ago.   I had an appointment to see the doc, his staff was nice, the appointment went well.  I would recommend this doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
30	-1	This Dr is THE RUDEST HUMAN I HAVE EVER MET...HE IS THE CAUSE OF GREAT PERSONAL ANGUISH AND EMOTIONAL PROBLEMS. THE EXAMINING ROOMS ARE FILTHY AND HE GAVE ME INVASIVE TESTS I DID NOT NEED NOR ASK FOR. HE SAW ME 3X IN 2 MO AND DID NOT REMEMBER A THING ABOUT ME SO I GUESS HE FAILED TO TAKE PROPER NOTES. HE FAILED TO PROVIDE ME WITH MEDICATIONS THAT WERE MEDICALLY NECESSARY. THE PRESCRIPTION HE DID WRITE HE WROTE WRONG. HOW SCARY IS THAT&#63; DO NOT GO TO THIS DR***STAY AWAY!!! TRUST THE REVIEWS.. ITS HAZARDOUS TO YOUR HEALTH! 	 8/25/09	1	3	1	Insurance:CIGNA
30	-1	Run, don't walk away from this dr. BAD, VERY,VERY BAD. He is mean, temper out of control, not helpful in any way. If there is a choice between no doctor and him....choose no doctor until you can find one. He has lost his staff more than once if that tells you anything.  Once again, RUN!!!!!!!!! 	5	1	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
30	-1	Whatever you do, don't give up your present doctor to go to this one. BAD IDEA. He actually swore at me for wanting to see a specialist.  Very bad doctor 	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
30	-1	Not really sure about Dr Haag, his staff isnt the best. But not really sure if its him or the staff. So i left seeing him.So ill leave it at this. 	 5/9/07		5	1	Insurance:Unknown
30	-1	I found the office less than clean and the staff rather unprofessional. Do some research on this one. The doctor has knowledge but the temperment is somthing to watch.  		3	1	3 	Insurance:Aetna
31	0	Decent.... 		1	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	Dr. Ha is FANTASTIC!!  She responds immediately to a call day or night.  Her former associate Dr. Spoto was our primary prior to leaving on maternity leave.  Dr. Ha provides service second to none.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
32	1	Dr. Ha is an amazing doctor! Calls back any time of day or night.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:GHI
33	1	Was seen as an emergency referral and subsequently for followup care. Excellent treatment.Dr.Haig answered all my questions. At one point I needed another emergency appointment and was seen the same day! Her staff is both efficient, friendly and caring. I would recommend her to anyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
33	-1	Only answer the questions she asks, add nothing more. Confrontational.  	2	3	1	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
33	-1	does not communicate with patient .  Gets very nasty  when you conflict with her. The worse doctor in being able to communicate.  	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	1	Dr Haig is an asset to the practice. Very effective and knowledgeable.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	1	Dr. Haig has been my doctor for many years. Because of her I am able to have a normal life after suffering for years with ulcerative colitis, peptic ulcer, etc.  She was able to put me on the right medicine and I find her the best after all the doctors I had been to 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
33	0	i went to see her years ago.  Not super friendly, I wouldn't expect a stellar beside manner, if that's what you need from a doc. 	3	2	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	DR. HAIMOVIC HAS TREATED ME, ALSO HIS STAFF WITH RESPECT.HE IS EXTREMELY CARING. HIS KNOWLEDGE HAS HELPED ME GET THROUGH MY ILLNESS.  I WOULD NOT GO TO ANY OTHER DOCTOR! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
34	-1	HORRIBLE STAFF!!! Never have I experienced such blatant disrespect and contemptuousness. Last time I check I AM THE CUSTOMER! Seems as though that they don't care about patients waiting for hours, to them, you are just a number.When you dare politely ask you are met with stares and eye rolling. DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	Great doctor. I am not sure why he would personally get these negative comments..... however, and a warning to possible new patients, the wait is so long it is ridiculous.  I understand that he takes his tome with you, but then you should book patients accordingly.  I never waited less than 2 hours for him during a 4 year period. 	1	1	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
34	-1	The office staff at this office is HORRIBLE!!! They are rude and will never go out of their way to help you. I have never had such a bad experience as I am having now trying to solve a medical issue that I have.  I would not reccommend this Dr to anyone!!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:GHI
34	1	Dr. Haimovic is the best you can find.  He truly cares about his patients is dedicated, friendly, compassionate, kind and knowledgeable.  He is everything you want in a doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
34	1	Dr. Haimovic one of the best doctors I have ever been to. He is compassionate and an excellent diagnostician.. I have had multiple neurologic complaints over the past 20 years and he always was able to help me. I know sometimes you do have to wait to see him but its worth it. He has taken very good care of me as well as my family members.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	1	I have been extremely satisfied with every aspect of the care I have received from Dr. Haimovic.  I have never met a more caring, compassionate and tremendously knowledgable doctor. He diagnosed my condition that other doctors had not even mentioned as a  possibility.  The medication he presribed was right on target and I am back to feeling myself again.  I truly can't thank Dr Haimovic enough. I must stress how patient he was about explaining my condition and treatment options.I really felt that the treatment I received exceeded my every expectation.  The office staff was respectful every step of the way.  From my iniital phone call to my expereience in the office.  They were kind, considerate and a pleasure to deal with.  Addtionally, I was seen at my scheduled appointment time.  I did not have to sit and wait either in the waiting room or the exam room.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
34	-1	Absolutely horrible. I waited over 2 hours to see him because he overdosed me on medication for epilepsy. I advise you to stay away from their office entirely. They make you wait Forever.  	2	1	2	2 	Insurance:Oxford
34	-1	This is not a good doctor.  How he got on Castel Connoly's site is beyond comprehension. 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
34	-1	My GP [stupidly] sent me to this incompetent fool. I was very I'll with vertigo and when I complained about the 2.5 hour wait, he refused to treat me! Horrible man. 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
34	-1	My dad had severe back pain. Dr. Haimovic said take tylenol. Turns out my dad had a strep infection eating away at his vertebrae. If you want to waste valuable time and money - and not find out what is wrong with you - go to this doctor.  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
34	0	Staff is VERY VERY rude. The Wait is VERY long. He ordered a lot of tests, and then guessed at what it was, since the tests all came back negative. He put me on 12 different meds over a 6 month period and none worked. I went to another doctor who figured out what I had after 2 visits, and I am really close to completely cured. I can't get back the 6 months of my life I spent in a cloud from all the meds he just prescribed blindly. Do not waste the multiple 3 hour waits and the frustration of his cold blooded staff.  	 11/12/09	1	1	3	Insurance:GHI
34	1	I also waited 3 hours in his waiting room and when I finally got to see him, he spent a total of 5 minutes with me. Offered no advice other than go to physical therapy. You'd never know he has been treating me for nearly a year. Found his apology for the long wait to be phony. 	2	1	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
34	-1	Waited 3 Hours for the visit. He ordered a ton of tests and never got back with results. He came very highly recommended but I am not sure what the fuss is about. He didnt offer me any help with my back pain.  	2	1	2	2 	Insurance:GHI
34	0	I felt like he just want me to go back for meds. Waiting time always 2-3 hour, even if you call a head of time to ask is he runing on schedule!! Once he finaly sees you he rushes.. He in it to make money..that's all he cares. Actually he said&quot; I could give order physical theraphy, but it's not going to help&quot; Guess, what I went to an other Doc.  No more meds for migraines! thanx to onther doc! 	2	1	2	4 	Insurance:GHI
34	0	He knows his stuff.  But - you wait in the waiting room for about 2 hrs, then in a gown for 45 minutes.  During the appointment he did NOT listen to me, and stepped out of the room to yell at multiple staff members.  I found him cold and uncaring about my problem.  When my pharmacy later had a problem with the medication he prescribed, I spoke to him over the phone and rather than fixing the problem, he literally spent the time insulting me in a way that I felt was verbally abusive.  He also refused to acknowledge that I could be in the amount of pain I am in, as it is not a classical symptom of the disease I have, yet the classical symptomology is having random, unknown amounts of pain, including severe pain that can require implanted devices to treat.  At this point I am at a loss because I need an MD who knows the disease, but also one who believes me, understands that I am in pain, and does not make me feel horrble.  	5	1	1	5 	Insurance:HIP
34	1	This doctor knows his stuff.  He is amazing, and you will feel like, finally, I found someone that can help me.  That is how we felt.  We are still going for tests, but, we are so impressed with him.  We waited for two hours for him and he was well worth the wait.  He is a top doctor.  	5	1	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
34	1	A wonderful, charming doctor with great bedside manner and very knowledgable. Very well-known on Long Island. May sit in his waiting for a long while but once he sees you, he does not rush you and you get his complete undivided attention.  He is well worth the wait!! 	5	1	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
35	1	Dr Halik and Dr Foster are both amazing dentists but the office staff leaves alot to be desired. They are very un pleasant and rude. 	1	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	Lynne Halik is a fine dentist but office staff treats customers very poorly.  	1	4	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	1	This****dentist &amp; her partner Dr. Tyger Foster are amazing with children. I would fully recommend this office for all your childs dental needs.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	1	. Excellent Diagnostician and spends time at each visit 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
36	1	Dr Halpern operated on me for a ruptured appendix.  He is one of the best Doctors I ever met! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
36	1	Excellen manner and knowledge of specialty. There were no complications.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
37	1	. dr haig did a good job on my rotor cuff sugery on my left shoulder  and is getting better as time go on great doctor 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
37	1	An incredibly patient, compassionate and knowledgeable person. Without hesitation, I refered my grandmother to him and her shoulder surgery was a smashing success. He is as close as you can get to a great doctor. If you need a surgeon, go to him. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
38	-1	If doctor patient privilege is important to you, go elsewhere. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	DR hafeez is an amazing doctor. She really helped me and my family and was very knowledgable 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
40	-1	Horrible doctor, extremely unhelpful and serious attitude issues.  Not recommended for those who are either pregnant or trying to pregnant.  	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Oxford
41	1	Nice office and very professional staff and the Dr. was great in explaining the procedure and recovery time.Very impressed 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	Staff was nice , the dr was great        . 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	Both doctors are wonderful and knowledgable ! My sons are lucky to have such caring doctors. The new office is professional and very beautiful. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	Absolutely the best Pediatrician my wife and I have ever dealt with. We have 3 children and had been to 3 other Pediatricians in the area before switching over on the advice of my brother (also a doctor). Best bedside manner and actually cares about my children's well being. My kid's love Doctor Hajduk. I have had no copay or similar issues because I know that is the way the insurance companies setup the rules and know to separate the 2. My children's care comes 1st. We just had our 1st visit to their brand new office about 1 mile away. Very nice, comfortable and clean. They even have a separate nursing room for mothers. I had not seen that before. We occasionally have to wait a few minutes, but never too long. I have never been to a Doctor in my 40+ years where I did not have to wait. We left other pediatricians in the area because of 30min+ wait times or unable to get an appointment for weeks at a time. They are by far the best on every level. Highly recommended.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
42	1	She is a wonderful doctor! Takes the time to listen to concerns and truly cares for your child. HOWEVER, her partner is the complete opposite. Dr. Danzi makes everyone leave!  In recent years the office has gone downhill. It's a revolving door for employees, office is dirty, wait is long.  Several of my friends have left the practice and I recently left after being there for years. Dr. Hajduk is excellent no doubt. The practice as a whole is horrible! 	2	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	I completely TRUST Dr. Hajduk.  I went in for my son's 15 month well check and I was unsure about getting the flu shot for him.  Dr. Hajduk took the time to weigh the pro's and con's of whether or not to vaccinate for the flu.  She really listened to my concerns and understood me, I was afraid to vaccinate, but also afraid not to.  She told me that she gave the flu shot to her daughter when she was 6 months old and she was absolutely fine.  That made me feel so much more comfortable.  Some of these negative comments about waiting time and the complaints that the office only accepts cash are truly ridiculous.  The fact that my son gets the excellent care that these doctors provide is the most important thing in the world to me.  More important than money or time.  My sister-in-law has had some awful experiences with other pediatricians in the area and she just switched both of here kids over to this practice.   Highly recommended!!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
42	1	Patient, brilliant, wonderful chairside manner.....and a mom herself.  What more could I ask for in my pediatrician&#63;&#63; A+ 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
42	1	Office floors were usually dirty, they only took cash for copays but that was the only neg. Hajduk is so knowledgable gives amazing advice knows exactly what meds to give the first time you go there. When i was there she often answered the phone although now they are busier.  She is very caring and I agree with a great bedside manner! 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
42	1	Dr. Hajduk is absolutely amazing!  She has an excellent bedside manner and actually sits to listen to any of your questions or concerns.  She truly cares about the children and it shows.   I think she is the best! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
42	0	Absolute disgrace-worked with our children for 4 years and when the staff was rude and unprofessional when making a well-check appointment both doctors refused to speak to us- as per their receptionist and stated by Dr. Hajduk,:&quot;I have a biller to do bills, a receptionist to make appointments and I check sick kids.  I don't deal with this-it is not a priority.&quot;  This lack of respect proved that both doctors in the practice never truly cared for our children, and not worthy of our respect and trust.  	1	4	1	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
42	1	Dr. Hajduk will always take the time and effort necessary to help our children. She is always available to talk and always offers great advice.   The office always runs on time 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
42	1	Here's what is amazing about Dr Hajduk:  She actually listened to my opinions about my childrens' health.  She didn't rush us although I knew she was busy.  She didn't talk down to my children.  She was nothing but supportive and caring.  She gets an A+.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
42	-1	rude and unprofessional. sick and well waiting rooms only separated by a door and toys are shared between sick and well children. very hard to get appointments. would never go back or recommend.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:GHI
42	1	nice- knowledgeable but the office makes you pay the difference of what they get paid from insurance for vaccines!! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	Extremely knowledgeable and thorough; excellent bedside manners; very clean office with a sick and well waiting room; friendly staff. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	Dr. Haas is a caring, very smart physician that was my parents MD as well as mine.  I truly trust him with my life.  His staff is the bes beyond comparison.  I would recommend him to anyone that asked but unfortunately he has a waiting list to be one of his patients.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	1	Cynthia left and im following her and hope she has a better staff than the one from dr Hafner's office (specially the girl who scheddules appoitments. She's awful, rude and inconsiderate.) I've missed appoitments just because i couldnt deal with her over the phone! 	1	1	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
44	-1	Cynthia is great, it is his office staff that needs to understand what their job is, it is not the persons job that makes app, to talk to you about your records IN THE MIDDLE OF A WAITING ROOM WITH PEOPLE ALL AROUND TO HEAR, this should only be done with my doc,also his staff is very very JUDGEMENTAL, it is not their job to PLAY doc, only to make sure the office runs good, I left his office DUE TO HIS STAFF!!!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	Dr Hafner has been my Doctor for years and years, I absolutely love him and his staff. They are always very helpful and courteous.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
44	1	his nurse practitioner,Cynthia Pascaretti and manager, Diane Hoffman Spies are the greatest.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
44	1	 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	she is the bestt doctor ever i would highly recommend her she is very smart 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
46	-1	poor service....saw Dr.K...Then, she calls me repeatedly while I'm at work and when I get a minute to answer the phone her exact words are, &quot;you told me you didn't owe anything and left without paying.&quot; She accuses me of lying to her! How can you treat your patients like this&#63;! Especially on their first visit&#63;! Obviously they have all my information, it's not like I'm trying to pull one over on them. I told her that I was at work and busy and because of her attitude was not willing to inconvenience myself so she could &quot;close out her day. &quot; 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
46	1	Well the option is not available but I used HealthNet Insurance. The Doctor was great I felt like he was trying to help and listening. The office is nice, and the staff is friendly. I reccomend it! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	Great doctor.  Very nice and speaks in normal language, without using medical terms and making you feel confused.  He is very smart and explains things in a logical way.  He took time to call and go over my lab results.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
46	1	Seems like good bed side manner is rare in the medical field in NY. I have to say Dr Haimoff exceeded my expectations in all respects. I didn't have to wait AT ALL for my appointment, received an appointment really quickly (within a few days of calling), and he was extremely attentive and thorough during the exam. He really listened to my complaints and explained clearly his thought process. I highly recommend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
47	1	He's been my doctor for over 20 years and is one of the best and nicest doctors I have ever known or who has treated me.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
47	1	I've been a patient of Dr. Haimowitz for many years and he's the sweetest, most understanding doctor there ever was. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
47	1	Great Doctor with lots of patience and good nature. Ive been a patient for over twelve years and I cant remember waiting longer than five minutes.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
47	1	The Doctor is excellent and a great listener as well.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	1	Dr. Tod Haller is incredible! He performed flawless cataract surgery on my father, as well as, he was able to detect that my special-needs child needed glasses. He now takes care if our extended family. He treats my husband's glaucoma and takes care of all three of my kids, including one that is special needs. He is so patient, and sweet and explains things so well. He is fun for kids and he is very thorough. The staff is so caring and kind and the technology is definitely up to date. It is amazing how highly he was recommended and I definitely see why.  I highly recommend! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
48	1	I suffer from depression and was scared to get bad news. I was assuming I had a cancer in my brain. Anyway, Dr. Todd explained everything to me and that what I had was not anything serious or dangerous. In fact, I found myself laughing throughout the exam ebcause he made me laugh. He kept saying &quot;I just heard you laugh. Now my day is complete.&quot; I haven't laughed in a few months. I would go back to him, just for the sake of going back. It was a pleasure and he was great. He was exactly what I needed. I just wish my sychiatrist was this good. I want to go to Dr. Todd for that too, but he told me that isn;t his specialty anyway. Oh well.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	1	that is the best he the only i trust he explain everything.. very help full make me feel comfort when i see him only i thin he the the best. ophthalmologist i ever see he the best explain so carefull other dont explain like  tod haller is the best i would  sayif you great dr. &amp; bedside maner go see him....  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:GHI
48	1	He was amazing!! Explained everything well and extremely thorough. I have never had an eye axam so complete. He said he does this for every patient. My last few ophthalmologists must have missed something then.  He was GREAT! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
48	1	He was great!! No wait time, fast, curtious, brilliant, and wonderful.  I highly recommend him to EVERYONE if you want the best! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	1	This doctor is incredible.  His dedication to his patients is beyond that of any other doctor I had ever met. Besides this he is a brilliant man. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	i had three large tumors in my abdomin whish was operated before. so glad I chose him. great doctor, with a wonderful gift. i went into surgery ready to do battle with him as my general 	3	3	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	I've been a patient (prostate cancer) of Dr. Hall's for several years and his expertise, knowledge, and compassion (as regards my treatment) have always been of the highest professional standard. I would recommend him to anyone in need of a caring and competent physician.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	0	I felt like a number. I was told to come early but still waited for 2 hours past my appointment. I found his demeanor to be glib and flippant. The staff seemed to enjoy bullying the patients. Some people swear by him but I can't see why.  	1	1	3	3 	Insurance:GHI
49	0	Doctor rushed throuht the visit. Did not update changes in patient's history. Did not explain to Pt. and family the planned procedure for the next visit until the Pt. saw the secretary, that's when the Pt. found out what the actually procedure that was being done.  		1	1	4 	Insurance:Medicare
50	1	Very good Doctor.  He takes the time to explain things to you.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
50	1	Dr. Hadden is great!  Answers questions, takes time with me, is reassuring and seems very competent.  I have dealt with another doctor in that office who not only misdiagnosed me but was abrupt and would not return calls about her wrong diagnosis.  I did not care for the staff in the office either but Dr.  Hadden made up for the bad experiences and misgivings I had in that office! 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
50	0	As everyone else said, the staff and waiting times are a disaster. You're lucky if you wait one hour. I loved Hadden until I got pregnant and started having complications. He would take two days to call me back and then failed to diagnose my problem. I had to change doctors to be taken seriously. 	1	1	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	office staff is TERRIBLE. waiting time, well, you kind of hope it's less than the 8 months it takes to conceive. md is great. too bad he can't run a good office.  	1	1	4	5 	Insurance:Aetna
50	1	I have been seeing Dr. Hadden for at least 12, He's treated both of my pregnancies. He is worth my one hour commute from NJ, I wished the waiting situation will change. 	3	1	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	Dr.Hadden was referred to me by a colleague who had had both her babies under his supervision. I have been to him twice so far and have called him twice to get referrals. He is very patient and explains things in an easy to understand manner. The doctors he refers you to are also of a very high standard. He returns calls, but not always on the same day. As others have mentioned, you usually have to wait 1-2 hours (or more!). They HAVE to do something about this. I have never had such long waits with any other doctor. His staff always seem to be in a hurry when you call, and if you ever need them to fax over information or act on something, you need to keep following up and essentially nagging them till they get it done.  	2	2	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
50	1	I have been seeing Dr. Hadden for many years and have referred a number of patients to him.  He is patient, knowledgeable and just an overall good doctor.  His staff definitely leaves a lot to be desired - they are curt and definitely overbook (an hour is a short wait).   However, he is worth it! 	2	1	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
50	1	Dr. Hadden is great  very knowledgeable, never rushes you out and always answers all your questions but he has to do something about his staff. Ive never had such a bad experience with staff before  it take them hours to return urgent calls and sometimes they dont even bother to do it. Also, I always have to wait for at least an hour to see him  I think, they are constantly overbooked and they should do something about it.  	1	1	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
50	1	I have been seeing Dr. Hadden for at least 10 years and now make the trip from NJ.  He has a very thorough, professional and caring manner. 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	Wonderful bedside manner. Really made me feel at ease about my pregnancy.  	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	1	I like him very much. He takes his time and answers questions well. He's very competent and knowledgable. I trusted him completely with my pregnancy and will trust him with my next. 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
51	-1	Very condescending and rude. For no reason other than her own sadistic amusement, she called me a very vulgar term. The worst thing I could say about her wouldn't be bad enough. 		2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	Will take the time to talk with you and returns phone calls. Has a very good PA who knows her stuff.  Very satisfied with the care.  	4	5	4	4 	Insurance:Medicare
52	1	Excellent staff and punctual.  	5	5	4	4 	Insurance:HIP
53	1	Wonderful Dr.Very patient with my daughter really smart and caring. On point with diagnosing my child. The entire practice is very professional.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
53	1	Dr. Zivi is the most caring, personable, sensitive, loveable dr a mother could ever ask for for the most important people in her life....her children!!  All of u commenting on the wait....  obviously u have not been in an emergency situation and needed Dr. Zivi or any Dr in that office bc if u had been u would wait all day to see them.   They are all always available when u need them!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:GHI
53	1	Dr.Hahami is quite the nice. Though the waiting times can be far along long.  I am unsure of pronoucing her first name, &quot;Zyve&quot; 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
53	1	Very nice dr., very gentle with my daughter.  	5	4	4	4 	Insurance:GHI
53	-1	really bad doctor, i wouldnt request her to anyone! the staff is horrible and shes atleast a 30min-1hour + wait everytime! doesnt dress professionaly either. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
54	-1	Never showed up to our first appointment nor called to reschedule. I left 2 messages for him and he never returned a phone call. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	very good doctor...... been around for 30 years.... practices with his two sons.....  very good set up 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
55	1	i've been going to Dr. Halper for 30 years.  Can't complain.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
55	1	no wait.  accurate diagnosis.  thorough.  testing available in the practice is numerous.  overall very good experience. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	He is an excellent professional dr. and i would recomend him anyday. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	He's very accessible -which is great.  I wonder about how knowledgeable he is.  I think that if I came down with something serious, I might look for a new doctor.  	3	4	4	4 	Insurance:Oxford
56	1	First time seeing Dr. Hall. He seems very knowledgeable. Did a very thorough exam (physical) in about half hour. He both asked &amp; answered questions. Friendly &amp; pleasent in personality. I was glad that it didn't feel like he was being rushed with me. Only negative was the half hour wait in exam room prior to his seeing me. Usually a busy place though, but not busy for my appointment today. Hope I can get in to see him if needed in future.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
56	1	Best doctor I've had yet. 	5	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	The Doctor and his staff are unbelievably efficient. I received a full glaucoma exam in one visit whereas my previous doctors split the exam and tests into 3 visits. My time is valuable and they explained everything and answered all my questions.  The exam takes a little longer but it is well worth the time 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
57	-1	Dr. Melvin L. Haller and Dr. Chad may be good doctors but due to overbooking they do not provide enough time towards the patient.  They are more interested in number of patients rather than the quality care.   There is no respect towards the patients (who pay them!!) by them by or their staff. Average waiting time is about three hours. 	2	2	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	He and his sons (his partners) take care of our whole family. I am a doctor myself, and I trust my family's eyes to noone except the Hallers! I have been Dr.  Haller's patient for over 21 years and have only had great experiences! I send him all of my eye consults, because I trust him 110% 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:GHI
58	-1	Did not review test results. Not helpful. 	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	 	5	4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
64	-1	I had a very bad experience with Dr Ha. He was very rude in delivery of his diagnosis and took it further by belittling me in his diagnosis. I have never had such a bad experience with the doctor before. Also, he does not listen to his patients at all and proceeds to make him own assumed diagnosis without closely listening to his patients. He ended up making a completely wrong diagnosis. I want to warn anyone who even thinks about seeing this doctor. Please advise. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
65	0	he is good but his staff is really rude.they even messed up my baby's vaccination to the point she was given an extra dose. 	1	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	I do not have enough good words to say about dr.h, he is the best dr.I've ever met, he treated my daughter since the day she was born 2005.  Always reply to my calls and clear my doubts or concerns.  He is very knowledgeable, kind, polite and always smiling.  Very good bedside manners.  Would recommend this dr. to anyone, looking for quality care for their kids.  Thank you doctor Haimi, for taking such good care of my daughter. We still miss you(moved to Toronto).  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:GHI
65	1	MY HUSBAND WENT TO HIM AS A CHILD AND NOW OUR SON GOES TO HIM...THIS SHOULD SAY ENOUGH... 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	Amazing doctor, very helpful and caring. Immediately responded to my call and treated my child well.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
65	1	He is a good doctor, who always calls to follow when my children are sick. He is always available and has very good hours.  		4	4	4 	Insurance:CIGNA
66	1	Dr Haber is patient, concerned, and  helpful in explaining your illness and prescribing athe best treatment. 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
66	-1	I went to Dr. Haber  becaouse of valid symptoms and concerns occuring over a long period of time. I was referred by his colleague. I didn't need his indifferent and condesending attitude.  He does not look at you when you are speaking . He challanges everything that you say, as if you made it up. He focuses on his computer keyboard , rapidly typing. When he finishes , he tells you to make an appointment for the following  year.  You know at that moment that this physician could care less about helping you.  	5	3	1	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
66	-1	I really have never had a worse experience with a doctor. He asked me how I felt, when I said I felt like cutting my skin off with a knife, he told me it didn't matter how i felt. All that mattered were my numbers. I found him to be both condescending an unsympathetic. Spent more time telling me about a Yankees game he had gone to than actually listening to my problem. DON'T GO TO THIS MAN. 	4	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	I'm surprised by the poor ratings. I thought he was extremely punctual and spend nearly half an hour with me. He even personally performed an ultrasound on my neck. I've seen a lot of endocrinologists since being diagnosed with thyroid cancer several years ago, and this guy is as good as any.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
66	1	As a thyroid cancer survivor, I began seeing Dr. Haber two years ago. I've found him to be a very caring and thorough doctor. He does his own ultrasounds, and I never feel rushed or dismissed when I see him. He actually spends more time reviewing my history than any other doctor I have. He personally calls to let me know about testing results, and he and his staff have been great about calling in prescriptions when I needed them. I'm very happy to have found him.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
66	-1	I consulted with Dr. Haber once.  While I should be under continuing care for a thyroid condition, it will not be with Dr. Haber.  He barely gave me the time of day and didn't bother to hide the fact that he was quite humored by my concerns.  I should note that I am not a high maintenance patient nor am I regarded as stupid or histrionic.  He might have been having a bad day but in the event that my experience was typical, I would suggest that you seek care elsewhere. 	5	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
66	-1	I have never been treated with such disrespect from a medical professional in my life. I waited over 45 minutes in a small room and when he finally did see me, he scanned the questionnaire I was told to fill out, made a joke about me having a ton of problems and asked that I give him, just my top 3. This appointment was scheduled 2 months in advance and this guy couldn't even take 2 mins to read my paperwork and listen to what I had to say&#63; If that wasn't bad enough, his tone with me was completely hostile and condescending. After waiting 2 months to see this doctor and physically feeling pretty miserable, understandably you can get your hopes up. When that same doctor talks to you like youre an enormous waste of their time, well, you might understandably get upset. Luckily he was there to then diagnose me with depression and suggest I get therapy.( In 5 minutes, amazing.)  I would love to write what I really think of this guy here. But a simple, dont go to him should suffice.  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
66	-1	I was under the care of Dr. Haber for thyroid cancer. I had been in remission for five years when, after a routine scan, he concluded that my cancer returned. I asked him if this could be a mistake since I had been having regular ultrasounds that showed all to be clear. Rather than investigate, he insisted that I had cancer and urged me to be treated with radiation immediately. After undergoing treatment, I went to MD Anderson Cancer Center where I learned that the initial scan was a false positive. I was cancer free.  A series of CTscans was able to contradict the initial thyroid cancer scan  yet Dr. Haber never offered me this option. Having needlessly undergone radiation treatment and suffered both physically and emotionally, I want to caution others.  	4	5	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	0	My experience with Dr. Haber was mixed. He is very knowledgeable and competent with thyroid diseases, and the front desk staff was very nice and efficient. However, after waiting 1.5 months for an appointment, I waited one hour after being roomed in, only to be met by the doctor with a very &quot;9-5&quot; attitude, as if he was only there because he had to be. Additionally, he was very short with me, often cutting me off mid-sentence while I was trying to ask questions or explain a concern. He was not compassionate or concerned, simply doing his job. As I am far from a high-maintenance or careless patient, I felt very put-off by the appointment and will not be following up with him.  	4	2	2	4 	Insurance:HIP
66	1	I met Dr. Haber for the first time today. My overall impression was that I was in the presence of kind, knowledgeable, honest physician. I needed reassurance and guidance and that's what I got. If you are thinking of going to see, don't hesitate. By the way, the staff was extremely nice. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	Was able to diagnose Graves Disease and prescribe medication dosage where I felt better in a few days and went into remission fairly quickly. Now, five years later, I am still in remission. I totally recommend this doctor for thyroid disease. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
67	0	Prepare to wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait! Doctors overbook! A lot of elderly and a lot of families. 	1	1	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	He is an amazing clinician and absolutely brilliant! He takes care of my entire family, and I am a doctor. I would only trust him and his partners (who happen to be his family too). They are honest and great at what they do.  Don't trust your eyes to anyone else! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
68	1	he is the best doctor in the world he is very smart probably the smartest doctor and helpful doctor i have ever meet 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	Dr. Haight is great.    He is down to Earth and explans things clearly.  He  diagnoses problems quickly and treatments just as quickly.  I feel very comfortable in his care.   I would recommend him highly 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:GHI
69	1	Excellent podiatrist.  Waiting time is not bad, but he's worth it.  Never rushes you - knows what to do and does his best to make uncomfortable procedures as easy as possible.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unicare
70	-1	Edited previous review: Dr. Hale's basic examine was so inadequate that he did not always do a rectal exam. Consequently, he not only misdiagnosed a prostate so enlarged that 1) he was forced to stop a surgery AFTER the patient had been cut open, BUT 2) he had NO knowlege that the enlarged prostate was cancerous!!! Then, when questioned several times by the patient and family, he claimed the tumor was NOT cancerous. His final outrage was to remove himself from the care of his long-standing patient. Patient did not learn he had cancer until several weeks later, from his internist, who read the hospital report. The final outcome, after months of treatment and suffering, was that the patient, an otherwise very healthy and active man, died from &quot;complications from prostate cancer&quot; in St. John's Riverdale Hospital, August, 2002.  	3	3	1	3 	Insurance:Medicare
71	1	She was very knowledgeable and gave good advice.  Very thorough on the procedure she did for me and the scar on my ear and back are tiny.  Nice work!  Her staff at the front desk and her nurses were very nice and easy to communicate with.  Extremely happy with her.  Felt like she really cared about the outcome.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
71	1	She is wonderful and effective, as is the entire office! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
71	1	She is GREAT with fillers.  She touches me up on my under-eyes, lips, and marrionnette lines.  I always get compliments on how young I look.  She is conservative and never pushes you to do too much work.  She is also very friendly. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
71	1	Rather than switching to another dermatologist, when our health plan changed, I pay out of pocket to go to Dr. Hale.  She took care of a growth that three other dermos couldn't.  And she treats me as a person, not just a patient or another number. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
71	1	I have been going to Dr Hale for a few years now.  After my aunt dies of melanoma, her oncologist gave me her name.  She has spotted things on my body that did concern me, however other Dr had dismissed. Sure enough, she was right to remove it!  Your 1st appt with her can take several months for body check, but she is so nice and smart it is worth the wait!  I truly trust her.  p.s.  don't go there with a tan! (smile) 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
71	1	Dr. Hale is wonderful. She makes you feel comfortable and listens to your concerns. I have seen Dr. Hale for skin problems & cosmetic procedures - she does it all & you will leave her office feeling (& looking) years younger. The nurses are great, too. I highly recommend her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
72	1	.  	3	1	2	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
73	1	. excellent 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
74	1	Dr. Halegoua is an amazing doctor.  He takes great care of my daughter! I trust him completely.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
74	1	He is amazing. Dr.Halegoua has been amazing with my son. Its easy to get emergency appointments. He listens and explains things in ways that are easily understood. He's just amazing with my son and very comforting for me as a parent.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
74	-1	i looked forward to a small office setting but i waited just as long as a busy practice.  The doctor was self-righteous and wouldnt listen to what i was saying.  He told me I was wrong about my child's diagnosis.  I later went to the ER and they confirmed my diagnosis.  I was very unhappy and will not be back.  	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
74	1	Dr. Halegoua has been treating my children for 4 years.  He makes the children feel at ease even in the most uncomfortable situations.  He is easily approached with health questions without rushing through the visit.  I highly recommend his practice.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
74	1	Dr. Halegoua is wonderful.  He is very knowledgeable, caring, patient and thorough. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
74	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
75	1	Really great Doc!  I had cough for over 2 months &amp; my primary physician &amp; ENT couldn't figure it out.  I made an appt w/ Dr Hadjiev &amp; he had it figured out in the first few minutes of speaking to me.  He was super friendly, knowledgeable, and informative.   Highly recommended! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
75	1	I really like this doctor. He is super accommodating, knowledgeable and competent. Plus he's really easy to talk to.  I just saw the review below.  He is a sweetheart, AND he's been very helpful! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
75	-1	I have no doubt that he is trying his best, which is more than I can say for many doctors.  He has no qualms about ordering as many blood tests as possible, especially because the testing center is on the bottom floor of the building.  He has never been on time (which I can live with), but he is willing to stay late, etc., to answer questions.  	2	2	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
75	1	Very Helpful and accomodating-and very knowledgable-I was truly impressed - and the medicine he provided worked wonders for me... I highly recommend Boyan --Cheers 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
75	-1	Too busy with himself, phone, e-mail, cold and indifferent. 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
75	1	Dr Hadjiev is extremely competent and helpful - he conducted a thorough evaluation of my asthma and allergies and got me on a much better treatment plan. I have encountered few docors who offer this level of care.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
75	1	One of the best doctors I've been to - and I've seen many allergists! Dr. Hadjiev takes his time, listens to you and explains everything. He will work with you to find a treatment to suit your lifestyle & budget & personal preferences. Excellent bedside manner and very knowledgeable. He keeps up to date on the latest treatments & meds. I've already recommended him to some of my friends and co-workers, and they all had positive experiences with him. If only more doctors were this good... I hope he continues to practice for many years to come! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
75	1	Dr. Hadjiev is extremely patient, thorough, always helpful--and above all personable. He is especially good with taking time to answer questions and explains why he is recommending/prescribing certain treatments. I am always confident that his advice is well-thought out and he gives personalized attention to each patient.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
75	1	He was about to leave for the day, but offered to stay and see me since I was not feeling well. He is young, personable, and very knowledgable; honestly cares about patients. I would highly recommend him to anyone. My wife will be going to him next week.  	 5/7/07		5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
76	-1	This Doctor was very arrogant, gave you no time, and was not very helpful.  His 5 minutes with you felt like a waste of time.  Didn't seemed concerned.  Read you his 5 same questions and gave you the next appt. 	4	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
76	0	this doctor didnt listen to what i was telling him. Seemed to know more about how i was feeling than i did. I explained that something else was wrong and he didnt seem to listen. Had to get a new doctor and was then correctly diagnosed. Would not go back to him if he was the last doctor on earth 	4	4	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
76	1	Have been seeing this doctor for a couple years and he makes you very comfortable to talk to - seems very concerned with all health problems, even physical and seems to always remember everything discussed from previous visits. Has been very helpful and the staff is very lovely and prompt. Great practice... 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
77	-1	Receptionist are very unprofessional and unwilling to help their patients. Instead of tending to our health and concerns they are there yelling at us, patients. Never had I experienced such unprofessional group of staff especially in a medical office.  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Anthem
77	-1	after 3 months in pain, I had to seek a pain management doctor...Dr Haar never properly diagnosed me missing a herniated disc in the cervical spine as a neck sprain. When I went for a followup he was condescending and asked &quot;what more can I do for you&#63;' I was there to ask what my next steps of treatment should be (PT, neck collar, surgery, wait to heal-not one suggestion) Your lucky if you get to see him, iit's a factory of in/out patients often you see his PAs.   His office staff are excellent, kind and courteous-he is luck y to have a staff like this!! 	5	2	1	1 	Insurance:GHI
77	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Haar for over twenty years and have always experienced a pleasurable staff and quality care from him. I have had three surgeries performed by him with minimum to no scarring at all. I truly value and trust his medical judgement so much that i have sent plenty of my co-workers to him with the same results. I am truly satisfied with him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:GHI
77	1	I would like to just say that Dr. Haar is the most knowlegable, capable and courtieous surgeon I have ever met. He performed 2 separate shoulder surgeries within a year and half. Both with outstanding results. The staff was the most professional and caring doctors staff I've ever had the pleasure of knowing. Thank you to Dr.  Haar and all his staff 	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:GHI
77	-1	I have never met such an unhelpful, rushed and rude doctor in my life. Not only did the man not even ask me how I injured my sprained ankle, he questioned if it even hurt when he couldn't specify immediately the location of the pain. He gave me about 2 minutes of his time and offered to give me heavy pain medication, again without even asking me what happened. After I objected saying something more was going on with my ankle he said &quot;We could get you some physical therapy. WOuld that make you feel better&#63;&quot; It was horribly condescending, as if he didn't have time for me because I wasn't one of his &quot;elite&quot; clients. I was very dissatisfied with my experience and canceled my follow up appointment.  	2	3	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	0	Poor bedside manner.  Seemed annoyed when we asked questions, and then, never quite answered them.  I thought she might have had an off day, but then heard the same from others. 	5	4	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	 	2	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	I have been going to Dr Halle for many years and can tell you he is very friendly, compassionate and knowledgeable dentist. I have always been well treated by him as well as his staff, and he has always taken the time to address any questions I have had. He is also a perfectionist, which I love, because I can be very neurotic about the appearance of my teeth. I highly recommend Dr Halle. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	Love Dr. Halle.  Love the office.  Dr. Halle is the most caring, professional dentist I have ever used.  He takes time to make certain that every questions is answered and you are comfortable with the work being done. I would not go anywhere else. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
79	-1	His staff in the Brentwood office he shares with Richard Tesser are the very best!  Dr. Halle however is someone to avoid at all costs.  He gives poor advice and his communication with patients is worse.  Stay away with him and go to the Sr. partner.  I don't know how he stays in business 	5	4	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
80	-1	Took plenty of time to get my history and did a very exhaustive and careful neurological exam. However, his letter to my other doctor was littered errors--18 in all.  And his &quot;diagnosis&quot; was so off the wall, it's comical! 	 6/21/12	3	3	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
80	-1	Dr Halperin is basically useless. I sent a letter to my ins company asking they do not pay him. He is extremely closed minded and actually wrote a book about lyme that he knows nothing about. One day someone is going to sock him with a big malpractice suit. He cost me months of suffering 	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
80	-1	Dr John Halperin happens to be the most condescending person that I've ever come into contact with.  He had absolutely no knowledge of Lyme disease, which is why I was referred to him in the first place.  After making me go through a sobriety test and flashing a light in my eyes, he diregarded any symptoms I had as 'in my head' and told me that all signs pointed to anxiety and depression.  This couldn't be further from the truth and two weeks on I still await my blood results 	5	3	1	1 	Insurance:Oxford
80	-1	This man is a victim of his own arrogance and ignorance. If Lyme is so easily cured, let him be infected, let it go untreated for several years, then see how well he is doing. He is not to be trusted, as he long ago lost any semblance of an open,curious mind. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
80	0	pleasant, referred me to the correct specialist.he was okay 	5	4	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
80	-1	Dismissive and condescending. Without empathy or care. 	3	2	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
80	-1	I travelled from Canada to see this doctor, while he was still practicing on Long Island, NY. I suspected I might have Lyme disease. Was told by him that for all intents and puposes it was all in my head, that I was suffering from depression. Not long after, I found a Lyme-literate doctor who co-ordinated a test with the specialized tick-borne illness lab Igenex, and my results came back positive. I think unless you have had Lyme for 20+ years and have obvious lesions on the brain, this doctor will not be helpful in diagnosing. 		3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	Very kind and patient... colon cancer was found during routine colonoscopy... I was one of the lucky ones...  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
81	1	I had cancer of the colon.  Many nodes were involved.  This was 2002 and I have done very well since.  This guy is great.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
82	1	Wonderful doctor. Took the time, explained things, very helpful and kind. 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
83	1	Dr. Halpern is a skin cancer expert and is very thorough with his exams. He's probably not the right person to go with cosmetic derm issues, but is top of the line for skin cancer concerns including annual check ups. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	WOW, I am really surprised by some of comments written here. It was like they saw a different doctor. I have been seeing Dr. Haber for a few years now and am thrilled that I was lucky enough to find him. He listens to me and really hears what I have to say. He is a perfectionist in his care for me and never seems to miss a thing. Every visit he gives me the time needed go over everything and change or add what ever  I never care if he runs in or out  time because I know it is  to give the attention that he is giving me. I have many medical problems and before Dr. Haber I   could not seem to find a doctor who could manage to give me the time and care needed to help get me better. He treats the whole person!   with the care, attention and respect. He is worth any wait, interruptions, or a rare mistake on his staffs part. If you want old fashioned Dr. Care then he is the doctor for you.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
84	1	Sometimes seems rushed but very attentive to your comments/complaints. Probably the most thorough and investigative physician I have been to.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
84	1	I reviewed doctor haber already under infectious disease doctors, but when I saw the first review here I had to comment. Like the review immediately before me, I find the doctor knowledgeable and thorough - in fact I used these two words in the other comment I wrote before I read that the other reviewer also used them. He is also friendly but as you can surmise from the reviews, his office is busy. He does see many patients but he takes his time with me at least and I believe the other patients as well. The office can be busy so the staff may not take a lot of time to chitchat. Still, I find the first story to be difficult to credit - sounds like he's got the wrong doctor or misunderstood was was going on, or expected too much.  	4	4	5	4 	Insurance:Aetna
84	1	Dr. Haber is a knowledgeable and though physician, who has a keen attention to detail and an excellent memory. He is specialized in infectious diseases but has also served as my primary care point of reference for the last 3 years. He will take his time to answer all your questions and address any concerns you might have. From a follow up point of view, he sets the bar very high and I only wish I could receive the same from my other MDs I occasionally interact with. Overall, I am extremely pleased with the quality of his service.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
84	0	Pleasant office and staff. Very rushed, harried, over stressed physician - it's difficult to feel you're getting quality health care when the physician is bouncing in and out of the room doing half a dozen things at once.  	4	4	2	4 	Insurance:Oxford
84	1	I would have had to deal with all types of health issues if he were not so thorough in with his examinations. 	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
84	0	Rushes around like a chicken withouut a head.  	4	4	3	3 	Insurance:Oxford
84	0	This was the first and probably only time I will be going to this doctor. He was 45 minutes late for the appt. and didn't even apologize. He didn't introduce himself even though it was my first time there. When I tried to explain why I thought I might be having knee pain, he interupted me several times. So he never did get the full story. Additionally, they did some blood tests since I was there for a check-up in addition to my knee issues. It turned out I had anemia. He left a message on my answering machine and when I called back to get a plan of action for fixing the problem - he completely ignored me wouldn't answer the call and put me on the phone with an assitant who said &quot;not to worry about it&quot;. Poor care all around and very unprofessional.  	2	1	1	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
85	1	There are not many (if any) doctors like Dr. Haliasos.  He is one of those rare doctors who genuinely cares about his patients. He is always accurate in his diagnosis, completely knowledgable and up-to-date, reassuring and comforting, and I trust him completely.  It is always a pleasant experience seeing him and Lily, no matter what the circumstances are.  They are truly good, caring people, and I feel fortunate to have been a patient for the past ten years. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	Dr. Haliasos runs a simple, uncomplicated practice and spends a great deal of time with each patient.  He is very knowledgeable about a wide variety of conditions and gives very good common sense advice.  Unlike a lot of doctors, he doesn't over-medicate and recommend tons of tests to scare you half to death.  If you have an urgent problem he will always find the time to accommodate you.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
86	1	Excellent bedside manner, great clinician. always sends me my results after we go over them. great listenerHas helped me with other doctors.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
87	-1	Doctor does not spend sufficient time with patient, nor properly diagnosis patients. Always late for appts. Doctor does not receive phone messages from patients. Takes 1-3 months to get an appt with doctor. 	1	1	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	Dr. Hainline has helped me recover from panic attacks after going to go seeral other doctors who could not solve my problem. He diagnosed me corectly after getting to the root cause and prescribed proper medication.  I have not had an attack for several years.I have great confidence and respect for him.  He is totally  available to answer my quesions via email.  He has even helped me find the right dr. for my husband's issues. He is caring and compassionate.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
87	1	Nice guy and does a thorough interview but he is very &quot;new agey&quot; - if you are not into the mind/body thing don't waste your time.  	5	5	4	4 	Insurance:Medicare
87	0	Dr. Hainline was very aggressive in ordering tests once a demylenating lesion was seen, but when it was only one lesion, he seemed very uninterested in going any further. He was more than happy to prescribe meds for me, which i was grateful in dealing with the pain, however, he actually considered releasing me because he doesn't treat patients with single demylenating lesions.  Steroids over with and pain is back just as bad as before, and now I feel like I am bothering him and he doesn't know how to help me, I am very frustrated and sad by what took place with him.  I really liked him but now don't know what to do.  I wasn't sure if he was disappointed I sought a second opinion, but I had to as my life is not my own and a loved one asked me to, I concurred.  I shared this with Dr. Hainline, but maybe I shouldn;t have.  Oh well now I don't want to go back to him, because I think he really doesn't care and now I must seek other help.  I am so upset. I wish I could tell him, but can't 	5	5	2	3 	Insurance:Aetna
87	1	Dr. Hainline is an extraordinary and gifted doctor.  He reaches far from his specialty of Neurology and Pain Management and looks for a mind/body connection in helping his chronic pain patients.  He uses all modalities available through his practice to help the patient in their recovery process. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
88	0	Has an attitude. Is late with responding for approval on operations.  PILL PUSHER for all ailments 	1	1	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
88	1	Listens, caring, refers when necessary, great explanations and provides every opportunity for additional questions 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	I FEEL DR.JOHN HALL IS A VERY GOOD DOCTOR HE HAS HELPED ME VERY MUCH. HIS BEDSIDE MANNER IS TERRIFIC HE DOESN'T RUSH THROUGH ANYTHING GIVES ME ALL THE TIME I NEEDED. 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	I have seen several Primary Care Physicians over the years and Dr Hall is one of the best. He's knowledgeable, thorough, and definitely takes the time necessary to hear out and investigate my concerns.  	2	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
88	1	. Been family doctor 10 years, Excellent diagnostician 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
88	-1	very uncaring, disinterested doctor, no bedside manner whatsoever, does not return phone calls, does not report test results 	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
89	-1	I went to Dr. Halpern with a severely separated shoulder because I heard he was the best. After a perfunctory check up where he spent less than 5 minutes with me, he sent me on my way and charged an exorbitant rate that I knew was not covered by insurance (so I can't blame him for that). I should have questioned it from the beginning, but I was so happy to hear I would just recover taking it easy that I didn't. When the shoulder did not heal properly 6 months later, I tried to make another appointment to have him do a proper evaluation, the evaluation I paid for initially. He performed another superficial evaluation and then, after providing no insight or suggestions beyond what I asked him about explicitly, he charged me another couple hundred dollars and when I tried to speak with him about it, he sent a letter discontinuing service and never even spoke with me. Bottom line, I am sure Dr. Halpern is highly capable, but he is far too busy to provide the patient care to justify the cost 	1	4	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
90	-1	Dr prescribed a drug that was supposed to be a tapered dose.  Prescribed it twice a day for seven days and that's it.  Too high a dose with no taper.  Severe side effects related to cutting off dosage, when questioned, denied the drug had anything to do with it.  Wound up in ER.   Very scary,  he only cares about $$ and has no real experience 	3	5	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
90	-1	he does not care about you just the almighty $$$. never in  room more than 5 min. you take test he never goes over the results with you.  good for the flu shot 	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
90	0	Mixed experience. While Dr. Brett was speedy on the office visit and diagnosed &amp; prescribed correctly, he was weak on follow-up questions - communicating only thru his monosyllabic staff vs. directly with the patient. It appeared that he was more concerned with cost efficiency than in patient care follow-up. I hope that Dr. Brett learns to spend more time with his patients vs. treating them like a financial transaction as this impacts patient satisfaction. 	 1/18/11	3	3	3	Insurance:Unknown
90	-1	It was the Jiffy Lube of doctor's. Good if you are in for an oil chaange, not good if you have apossible heart condition. I am male in my 40's and began experiencing issues with heart. I have been to many doctrs in the past for various bumos and bruises in my time in the military and seen it all. There is just something I didn't feel right about. The other servicemen like to go to him. Now I know why, he doesn't really diagnose you, he just writes you a doctors note for light duty and send you off. There is a reason he sees 60 patients a day..he is the Jiffy Lube of docs...in it to make a fast buck.  	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:Tricare
90	1	Wonderful service. they get right to the point and they very are thorough. same day service is excellent. no hand holding here. they let you know what you need to do and it is up to you to do it.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:GHI
90	1	I see people saying, &quot;Oh 123 your in and out, he's too quick, doesn't pay attention&quot;... That's all just nonsense.  He is FAST PACED, yes.  But he DOES do his job. He asks the RIGHT questions. You get the RIGHT treatment.  People exaggerate about things. Father and son are both friendly and DO THEIR JOBS. Thank you guys for the help...my problem was solved and I am a happier person now.  I have my 2nd appointment today, I would recommend the Father Son duo to ANYONE!!!  If your appt is at 2pm you will GET IN @ 1:55pm or 2pm.  Never a wait...from my friends experience they've always gotten in EARLY, or AT THE TIME GIVEN.  Thanks to the Docs! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
90	1	Excellent experience.  These guys are sharp.  Father, son, son team.  No bs.  Medicine made easy.  Thorough....and a lot of testing done here.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
90	0	Very Unprofessional. Does not do any actual doctor work himself. You just end up doing your own check up. &quot;Hi Doctor how are you&#63;&quot; &quot;Good, whats your problem&quot; &quot;Im not sure, havent been feeling well, I think I may have a throat infection&quot; &quot;Ok, heres your perscription, see you later&quot;. You are lucky if he actually checks you out at all. Unhelpful, will write scripts for no reason. Long story short, he just treats you as if you are an inconvenience to him, and you are wasting his time, no matter how serious your problem may be. Find another doctor if you are serious about your health.  	2	3	2	3 	Insurance:Tricare
90	1	I read tons of reviews on here before I picked my doctor.  MY husband and I decided to try Dr. Halper!! Funny man!! He's quick but he does his work!! I went in for a full physical and it was not like the 5 minute physicals I usually have. He checked my heart, sugar level, blood pressure, took blood sample, weight, etc. I was then taken into another room by another really nice staff to take some scans and check my thyroid, kidneys,uterus, etc. I was in and out of there in about 40mins. Can't say enough nice things about Dr.  Halper!! Seems very well educated!! 	 2/26/09	5	4	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
90	1	thorough, smart, quick.  no wait.  multitude of testing done in house.  physicals and preventative med is kept very well up to date.  highly recommended. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
90	1	excellent experience.  these guys do a lot of preventative screening.  very thorough.  would recommend to anyone. 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
90	1	Awsome Doctor and i would recomend him anyday. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
90	1	Appointments are easy and generally on time (within 5 minutes mostly)--a great situation for anyone with a chronic condition that requires good follow-up care.  Good range of services available on site.   Smart and thorough, no nonsense approach. 	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
90	-1	WHAM BAM  HI GOODBYE  TYPICAL VISIT 2-3 DRUG SCRIPTS OK GOODBYE. 1 MIN &amp;40 SECONDS PER CHECK-UP  COUGH OR COLD OK. ANYTHING ELSE RUN TO ANOTHER DOCTOR. FATHER AND SON TEAM NOT PROFESSINAL AT ALL. 	4	4	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	I can see how Dr.Hall- Ross was voted Dr. of the year for internal medicine. She listens to the needs of her patients and always answers my questions carefully. I would recommend her to anyone. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
91	-1	Disorganized office, very difficult to reach (phone just rings). Doesn't call when stated will call: Appt Monday, test results due Tuesday pre diagnostic test. Receive test result Wednesday, test finally scheduled for Friday. Dr &quot;thinks out loud&quot; things like &quot;I don't know. In thinking about it...might not be a kidney infection, might be ovarian, bowel..tumor maybe&#63;&quot; changes her mind 3 times in 5 days of what might be problem (without further examination or explanation or any consideration of what the patient's reaction might be -- tumor&#63;), orders antibiotic (Cipro) 2 days later states, &quot;well, I don't know...but it kills anything&quot; advises doesn't know anything about the test she ordered (CT with oral and IV contrast) other than I should trust her and if I have questions, talk to tech, if I have a compliant, talk to her boss. I will. I'll have the test, take the results, and go elsewhere.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
91	0	With my insurance provider, I am covered for 2nd opinions on procedures, but the second opinion must be my PCP's referral. One of my medical issues had conflicting results, so I requested a referral for a second opinion. She refused the referal. Received a OBGYN and Podietry referal on seperate occassion, both were TERRIBLE. The OBGYN was one of the worst medical experiences I've ever had. Dr. Hall-Ross is pleasant enough, but I will not return.  		4	2	4 	Insurance:HIP
92	1	Dr. Halberstadt is also located in Forest Hills, where I see him.  He gave me Invisalign.  He is a very nice doctor & knows what he's doing, been in business for over 30 years.  His staff is very nice too.  He always makes his patients feel comfortable. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
93	1	Dr. Haider is a wonderful doctor who is exceedingly knowledgeable, experienced, and really cares about his patients. In addition, when you see Dr. Haider you never feel as if he rushes you out the door. Dr. Haider is extremely patient and always answers all your questions and explains the medical concerns you may have. Dr. Haider's office is beautiful not to mention very modern, clean, easily accessible, and has a friendly staff. Dr. Haider is an exceptional doctor and I highly recommend him. I'm glad I found such a great doctor when I moved to Queens! -Written by Mrs.  Chun (actual patient) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
94	1	I've only seen him once, but made a fantastic first impression. The staff was extremely pleasant and he was very punctual. And he spent a lot of time with me going over family history and my own symptons. At the end of the visit, he gave me a clear plan of action. Fantastic. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
94	1	One of the very best - a caring physician who sees his patients as people not &quot;diseases&quot;  or &quot;cases.&quot;  Dr. Halperin should be cloned so he can be at EVERY hospital.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
94	1	Dr. Halperin is one of the best. It's hard to beat that.  He is always there for you. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
95	1	BEST DR. IN THE WORLD.  I'M NOT USUALLY A FAN OF DR'S, BUT HE MADE ME FEEL LIKE A TALK TO HIM INSTEAD OF THE DR. DOING ALL THE TALKING.  HE GOT ME TROU A VERY DIFFICULT TIME IN MY LAFE.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
95	-1	First and foremost Dr. Hagopian pulled a NO-SHOW for my surgery.  In my first visit with him, he saw me 2 hours late. During that visit, he scheduled me for surgery for the following month. After repeated phone calls to his various offices, he finally returned my call, the DAY BEFORE SURGERY. On the day of surgery, I sat, in a hospital gown, along with the entire operating room staff, (Anesthesiologist, Resident Assistant, and Head Nurse) WAITING FOR 3 HOURS. In preparation for surgery, I was not allowed to eat after midnight. So at that point it had been 24 hours since I'd had anything to eat or drink. I finally got up and left. As my parents were practically carrying me to the car, he walked in. His excuse was that he got caught up in routine office visits with patients. So it wasn't like he was held up by an emergency. This guy is a gyno-oncologist. I wonder how much my condition has worsened since my &quot;missed&quot; operation. I'm filing numerous complains with every agency I can. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
96	1	Dr. Hall is a genuinely concerned, thoughtful, and compassionate doctor.  I saw her many times over the course of four years, and she always proved extremely knowledgeable and willing to talk through different courses of action until we found something we were both comfortable with.  She thinks of her patients as people, listens well, and genuinely cares about their overall health, rather than simply diagnosing a problem or condition.  I was always astonished by how much she remembered about my health and history even after not seeing her for six months.  A genuinely excellent doctor and person.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
97	-1	he might be ok for a rash or botox, but I had a serious problem and he was unable to help me.  He tried but failed miserably and didn't have the honesty to send me to someone else.  	3	5	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
97	1	So what if his social skills are lacking...If you really want someone one knows what he's doing and is extremely intelligent, that's Dr. Halperin. Really knows his stuff and will stop at nothing to figure out what's going on...  	5	2	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
97	-1	Rude, late and rushed me through my appointment.  I would advise finding a different doctor.  	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:HIP
97	-1	Absolutely no personality and was not very helpful.  I just learned about this website and I wish I looked at his reviews before going to see him!   I called after my visit to ask the doctor a question.  I've called 10 times and he hasn't called back and I haven't been able to get him on the phone.   Needless to say, I am going to find a new dermatologist.   Beware! 	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:Oxford
97	1	He is very knowledgable but a bit weird....I had this skin issue for years and in 10 days it was gone.. HE PERSERVED MY SEXY!!!!! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
97	1	I had a skin condition that had plagued me for more than 25 years.  Dermatologists at NY Hosp/Cornell, NY Mt Sinai, Tufts U and Mass General all could not find a solution. Dr Halperin's diagnosis was the first correct one and solved the problem after 2 mos treatment. Fabulous!  FYI, I was referred to him by very well regarded dermatological surgeon who is a professor at NY Cornell. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
97	0	Miserable bedside manner and the typical wait is more than an hour. He's a smart guy but such a flake.  		1	2	4 	Insurance:Oxford
97	-1	Worst doctor ever! He put my life and my baby's life in danger. I went to see him because of a blister on my chest. In order to diagnose it, he took my skin sample. But he took it without sterilization and left the wound open after the procedure. It caused cellulitis in 2 days! I was 7 month pregnant at the time and was hospitalized for a week.  		3	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
98	-1	1.surgically removed a front tooth and took a lot of bone out too.Left a mess of stitches going in every different direction 2.did a Buccal bone implant that was not used and unnescessary 3. did a sinus lift that was ineffective and cannot be utilized. The healed bone is a weird looking patchwork. Other dentists on seeing this and asked if a sinus lift was done commented that &quot;Something&quot; was done (but they wouldn't call it a sinus lift)4.Other bone grafts were done all of which were not useful.5.two implants were done to replace front teeth. without telling me exactly what she was doing, but only saying they were &quot;going to be placed a little differently&quot; (would not say more-no consent)put the implants behind the gumline.they are now a constant source of discomfort(like something is stuck to the roof of your mouth)and neccessitate long curved crowns, difficult to get right, speech affected. Further the abutments and the crowns separated in only a couple of months. 	4	4	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
