dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	 		4	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	Dr. Lanier is wonderful. She is very caring and takes the time with the patients.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
2	1	After a four year search for a doctor to replace my former (excellent) doctor who retired, I finally found Dr. Lanier.  She is at least as competent as my former doctor.  She's extremely knowledgeable, provides very good advice, and is excellent with followup.  I thoroughly recommend her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
3	1	Great doctor. Very thorough and knowledgeable. Tries to keep medication to a minimum as much as possible (while keeping me safe and letting me live my life how I want to) which I think is wonderful instead of just pushing prescriptions like so many other doctors do today! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	0	She wasn't interested in any alternatives to rx's. She wasn't helpful in my research to find other approaches. I was referred to her however I will not be returning.  	3	5	2	4 	Insurance:Medicare
3	1	What impressed me most from my first visit with Dr. Lafontaine, was the time that she was willing to spend talking with me, and the genuine concern she expresses when things aren't working as they should. I never feel rushed during her office visits or feel like I meant to discuss 2 other points that I forgot about because the doctor was rushing me out to door to see the next patient.  That certainly is not Dr. Lafontaine's style, and in my opinion, that is what really sets her apart from so many others in the medical field.  She is a very dedicated and extremely knowledgeable doctor. I have yet to find another that would personally call me before an unrelated surgery to discuss my concerns with the medications I'm taking, as opposed to having a nurse or someone else respond to my call. A very remarkable doctor that I highly recommend. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	Dr. LaFontaine is thorough and professional.  She was very conscientious about getting to the bottom of my symptoms and arranged all diagnostic tests in a timely manner.  She is available for follow-up questions and has a kind, considerate manner.  I feel very fortunate to have her as my neurologist. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	 	3	3	3	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	He is the best!! When I call for an appointment, I'm there the next day if not the same day because he knows my problems.  He has a great personally and is a very caring Doctor!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
4	1	I've seen Dr Lichter ever year since 1999 for my annual skin cancer screening, and have numerous procedures performed by him, and everyone of my experiences have been very positive. His exams are very thorough, and he always takes the time to answer every question to my satisfaction.  Highly recommended! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	I've seen Dr. Lichter for skin checks, mole / wart removals, and rash treatments. I've been going to him for about 15 years. He is very thorough, answers all your questions, and did a great job with all my minor procedures. I'd definitely go to him with any skin issues I have.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	Excellent doctor. Very thourough and knowledgeable. Great bedside manner. Wait time in exam room is a little long but spends a lot of time with you.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
5	1	Dr Liu is an amazing, caring ,through, involved with the pt. She is treating. She never seems preoccupied and needs to run. I got her as a fill in  yrs ago at her old pratice she then moved locations and I did homes instead of 7 min away I now drive 40 min for appointments that is how much I trust her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
6	-1	was in extreme amount of pain, was desperate and thought I might need another trip to the emergency room and/or didnt not want to go to the ER so i bascially begged his staff to find me some time to meet with him with in next day or 2 and they would not accomodate... shortly following this incident i received a letter in the mail from him stating he was terminating his care for me. 	 2/9/10	1	3	1	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	Wonderful caring and professional . I would highly recommend this office to any of my friends and family .I was going to another office and found the prices to be extremely reasonable for a non insured person . he saved me lots of money over aspen dental . I am so happy I found him . 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	very helful, and knowledgebale ---great explanation on medical matter under examination.. Highly recommended 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
8	1	Dr. Monique LaRouche is the best.  Very knowledgeable. She takes her time asking questions and then treats you accordingly. She cares about her patients not only the physical part but also the emotional.  She is friendly, kind and respectful. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	Dr. Larouche spends a lot of time with me, her staff is right up to par with her, especially her nurse. All are very knowledgeable.  	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Anthem
9	-1	.  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Workers Comp
9	1	Great care from Dr.Lewis.  He takes his time and sorts through stiuation to make the right medical decision for care. Staff is great. Very glad I met Dr. Lewis, will refer friends and family to him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
9	1	I read the other reviews on Dr Lewis and I said they don't matter I will judge him for myself. He was VERY VERY through. He asked the million and one question that I was supposed to ask. My husband went in with me and we couldn't believe how knowledgeable and to the point he was about my pain. He does not sit there and chit chat about the news or weather. He is very caring about my situation. After a few shots and talk about my return appointment I was on my way. (Only about a 65-70 minute appointment) What caring doctor sits down with you and listens to you. Most doctors want you in and out like a production line. Only covering half the problems. When we stopped at the desk on the way out we even told the office girls how through he was and we were glad we came in. When I went in my pain level was 8-9 the next morning it was a 4. You can't believe what a relief that is.  I'll definitely be back for my next appointment.     : ) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
9	1	This doctor after 2 visits fixed a problem that my son was having for months.  He has seen several other doctors who tried to help but nothing seemed to work.  We are very pleased with his service.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	I found Dr. Lewis to be helpful, but my situation was bad. I feel he did the best he could outside of disc surgery. I do feel his bedside manor could use improvement, but he is by no means the worse I've seen. I think he has alot on his plate, but I do feel his heart is in the right place.  	4	3	3	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	-1	Lewis himself was callous, sarcastic and condescending. During our first appointment he used a very nasty tone, and fired questions at me.  At one point, while I was describing my symptoms, he shushed me.  I try to give people the benefit of the doubt so I went back for a second appointment.  I told him where I was experiencing pain.  He told me I was wrong - that the source of the pain was somewhere else.  I mentioned that several physical therapists I've seen have agreed that my pain was coming from the place I described, and that I did not want to wait for him to try the treatments he wanted to try which I had already tried without success, because I was in pain.  He told me I should learn to live with the pain.  That was my last visit.  	5	4	1	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
10	1	Love Dr Lipsy. She is wonderful, personable, and knowledgeable. She referred me to another Dr in the same practice when I had a neurological disorder that she caught. Thank you! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	So pleased with the attention Dr Lewis took with me on my annual physical. Have never had a physician be so involved in my personal health and well being. What a positive experience. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	Very knowledgeable but not afraid to say that she needs to consult or run tests. A true professional!  Family Practice is lucky to have her.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
12	1	I saw this Doctor in Illinois many years ago when he first started practicing, he was wonderful. Very caring and would explain everything.  AWSOME!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	A live person answers his phone! It was easy to get an appointment on short notice. No long waiting period for an appointment.  The office was bright, cheerful and very comfortable. Dr. Lauter is a very caring, patient, calming and witty physician with a good sense of humor.  My appointment was lengthy and non rushed allowing me time to express my concerns. Over all a very pleasant experience. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	Dr Laycock did a Nissen Fundopilation,surgery which corrects a problem with acid reflux,gerd by wrapping a portion of the stomach around the esopagas.This stopped my problem immedietly.Dr Laycock gave me all the info I needed about the surgery,he was very caring throughout preop/postop visits any concerns or problems I may have had. His staff also accomadated any needs I may have had.I would definatly recommend him for any surgery one may need that he proforms.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
15	1	I had Dr. Loh all throughout my childhood. I tried to keep seeing him even when I graduated college! Super caring and involved in your life and health. I would HIGHLY recommend him to anyone looking for a pediatrician.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
15	1	Dr. Loh has been our pediatrician for 11 years, through four children (the last of whom is now entering college).  We could not have asked for a single improvement in his care.  He actually knows the kids, he remembers what they're doing in school, what sports they're playing, he is interested in them as people - and this after sometimes not seeing them for months and months! At every visit, he always met privately with each child and gave them plenty of time to talk about their total health (physical, emotional, peer relations, etc.), and also talked to us about the child, too.  My kids have loved him so much that they don't want to leave him to see a general doctor. My son was still trying at age 23 to find a way to keep seeing him (&quot;Hey, I'm a college student - doesn't that count&#63;&quot;). We are now moving out of the area, so it's time to say goodbye.  I hope there's room for others - EVERY family should have a pediatrician like Dr. Loh.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
15	1	HE IS ALWAYS AVAILABLE FOR FAMILIES. WHEN MY BABY WAS RUNNING A FEVER HE WOULD CALL EVEN ON HIS DAYS OFF FROM HOME TO CHECK IN WITH ME. HE NEVER ONCE SHOVED ME OFF TO A COVERING MD.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	I've seen Dr Lazar for almost six years. I have a degenerative condition, and my nuerologisy id &quot;'spossed&quot; to be my most improtant MD.If Joel Lazar moves to Montana, I WILL move to Montana.   I LOVE this man!!!!!! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
16	-1	Won't admit he could have been wrong, not very humble 	4	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	My family is new to Dr. Lazar.  He took his time, and seemed very thorough.  It seems most doctors are on a timer to get out the door and to the next patient, but not Dr. Lazar.  He actually seemed interested in my health!  It was refreshing! 	4	4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
16	-1	Fails returns calls, neglects to give timely answers to stat lab tests. Always pushing depression meds. He does not read the chart and is not prepared for appts. Have to go over all med history at every appt. Absent minded&#63; Very busy. Nice guy but seems elsewhere in the clinic.  		2	1	3 	Insurance:CIGNA
16	-1	He was my MD but gave me TERRIBLE advice about going off a medication. While trying to go off this medication I left messages on three occassions over 72 hours and never heard back. I booked an appointment to speak with him about his advice and failure to return my phone calls because I wanted to continue going to him. He apologized and told me he would look into the three things I asked him about. I never heard back from him again. I think he is very busy and stretched thin but that doesn't excuse poor medical care. 		3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	Usually when I go to a dentist I feel like all the dentist sees in my mouth is dollar signs and I am always being scolded for not enough mouth care, which only discourages me from returning. This is not the case here! They are so helpful, encouraging and kind! They really listen to your concerns and you are not a dollar sign there! They are genuinely interested in helping you become healthier.  I suggest them over any dentist I have ever seen! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	Excellant level of service and attention to detail. I feel like they take the time to listen and care about me like a friend. Fees were always clearly disclosed, the only question is what the insurance company would cover which the doctor has no control over.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
17	1	Dr. Ledoux has been our dentist for approx. 15 years. His treatments of extractions, fillings and route canals has always been done in a professional manner, with little to no pain.  Dr. Ledoux has a wealth of knowledge which I have tapped into on many ocassions for various dental problems.  Because of his gentle manner and approach, I have recommended Dr. Ledoux to friends and acquaintances and have watched his business grow. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	0	Very deceptive on billing practices, never what the estimates are 		4	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	I have recommended Dr. C. Lake to 4 people and thay all say he's great. He has helped me a great deal and continues to help, he takes my questions in consideation and answers me right away. Dr. Lake in my belief is the best thing that has happened in berlin medical care in years. D.Leeman 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	He was amazing from the beginning. He knew exactly what to look for and made sure everything happened really quickly for my daughters emergency appendectomy. He was knowledgeable and answered every question we had and kept her in the hospital one more day just to make sure she was okay. He is highly recommended in our opinion.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
19	1	The Dr and staff were wonderful. The treatment was very professional. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	Dr. Leefmans is a very skilled surgeon. His bedside manner and personality immediately put me at ease. I am grateful to have access to such an awesome and competent doctor.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
19	-1	When I went to see this doctor I was given bad trtmnt by him. After the visit he put false accusations in my chart and misinformation. All of it resulting in other doctors that see my chart to treat me unfairly and rudely. More than once I saw this doctor and both times he yelled at me for wasting his time and that he didn/'t believe that I had any real medical problems. Only mental ones. Even though my primary doc sent me to him for a consult. I strongly urge anyone that has an appt with this doctor to second guess it and try to get an appt with someone else. 		2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	Doctor Gregory Lynch has been my primary care doctor for many years now. He is always on time for appointments, listens carefully, and engages himself in the conversation, and considers all issues of concern. He also is friendly and jovial. He has handled several of my health concerns over the years, and recommends a specialist as needed. Highly recommended.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
20	1	Excellent Dr. My whole family uses him. Never had a problem. Great with the kids, answers all questions honestly.  Can't say enough good things!! Derry Medical Center overall is a great place! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
21	1	Her personality is different in that she is frank and honest.  She did put me at ease and did teach me about my medical condition (the first doctor that ever took the time).  I found her to be very caring and knowledgable.  And she actually LISTENED to me, unlike so many other doctors.  I have recommended her to a family member who also got great results and thoroughly enjoyed the interaction.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:BC Med
21	1	EXCELLENT DOCTOR, VERY KNOWLEDGEABLE IN HER FIELD, NO NONSENSE, CALLS A SPADE A SPADE 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	-1	This is the worst doctor I have ever had experience with. I have had epilepsy for 15 years. She Over medicated me to the point where my blood levels were toxic and I have liver damage. I should have sued. I questioned her dosage and she threatened to take away my licence. I went to a new doctor in Dover, Coastal Neurology, Where she was angry because I wanted a second opinion and she wrote a letter to my new Doctor telling him what a horrible patient I was, and that I was refusing to take the medicine. Lets review the dose she gave me made my blood levels toxic, and I had a fever of 105 and liver damage. My new doctor precribed me 1/4 the dose I have no problems and feel better than ever. I have had three doctors at Coastal Neurology, 1 moved to Ohio, 1 left to write a book, and the one I have now. You cannot tell me that the three different doctors whom all agree to my dose that has been the same for 15 years are wrong. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
21	-1	Dr. Lauze has no bedside manner.  She was cold and neglected to explain anything, despite my questions.  I agree with another rater in that it felt like I was bothering her.  She didn't listen to what I said and acted angry/irritated whenever I spoke or asked a question.  I wish I had read these reviews before I decided to see her.  I saw her three times in case it was a &quot;bad day&quot;, but I will definitely NOT be returning to her.  No one should feel intimidated or be talked down to by their doctor.  	4	3	1	3 	Insurance:CIGNA
21	1	Great experience.  Doctor is punctual, honest, and absolutely calls it like it is.  She was quick to diagnose my problem and get me back to a headache free existence without drugging me up with a lot of medicines that mask the problem.   Don't go if you can't take the truth 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
21	1	I have nothing but good things to say about Dr. Lauze.  I was surprised to see the bad reviews until I realized that is most often the miscreants that post to these sites.  For example, if you have already seen 13 doctors I don't think it was the 14th (Dr. Lauze) doctor that has issues.  Her repetitively saying &quot;it's not seizures&quot; could have been her way of easing someone into realizing their problem was not physical.  Anyway, she diagnosed my problem in short order when other neurologists couldn't.  And like one of the reviewers I am now fully employed.  I have referred many friends and family to her and will continue to do so.  They have all been very happy.  I will let them know about this site so that justice can be done to this excellent doctor and person.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
21	1	love how she is no BS. I feel she is very efficient.  her personality is different, but I always feel listened to! trust her 100% 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
21	-1	Horrible experience.  Went to see her regarding &quot;fits&quot; a family member is having (while conscious) and brought video of the events.  After examining the patient, watching the videos and speaking to us her only statement was &quot;Well, that isn't a seizure&quot;.  Since the patient is totally conscious during these events, we already knew that!  We asked her what she thought it was or where we turn to next (we had seen 13 doctors previously and were totally at the end of our rope) and she said &quot;I don't know, but that isn't a seizure.  I will send your family doctor my report.&quot;  THAT'S IT.  We were totally disappointed that she wouldn't help or tell us where to get help - have seen Dr. Rosignio since and the difference between a doctor that cares and one that doesn't is huge!  Please don't waste your time seeing Dr. Lauze.   Good luck to you! 	 4/3/09	3	3	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	0	Dr. Lauze seems like a competent doctor, but she has absolutely no bedside manner and could not provide me with any personal reassurance, when I was obviously distressed about a neurological matter.  Though thorough in the tests she ordered, her presence or manner did not put me at ease.  	3	4	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	-1	I've seen this doctor occasionally & always had an uneasy feeling if she was really listening to me!  After the last visit I've finally decided not to see her again.  She doesn't have a very good manner at dealing with patients.  She makes you feel uneasy & rushed.  Sort of like, 'Hurry up you're bothering me' type.  I have no desire to see a doctor who doesn't seem interested at all in my symptoms. 	5	5	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
21	-1	This doctor is the worst!    Literal quote from our examination:    Dr. Lauze: &quot;Have you experienced unusual dizziness&#63;&quot;   Me: &quot;Well, I think....&quot;   Dr. Lauze: &quot;I did not ask you to 'think.' Just answer the question!&quot;   This militaristic consultation went so poorly I cut it off in the middle, so I could find a doctor that listened.   Several weeks later I received notification that my driver's license had been revoked because this doctor (who never even finished for examination!) claimed that I had a long-standing non-diagnosed seizure disorder. It took me months and hundreds of dollars, including court cases and extensive examinations with another doctor to prove that I did not have any such disorder before I can get my drivers license back. I think that Dr. Lauze acted vindictively because I did not like her bedside manner. I should have sued, but was ill at the time so did not pursue it.   	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	Excellent doctor, easy to talk to, very competent, puts you at ease. Very knowledgable especially about headaches. I am headache free for the first time in ten years. Also, a friend who has seen many neurologists saw Dr. Lauze once and she figured out the problem. My friend is now full time employed and symptoms free.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
22	1	Best bedside manner of any doctor I have ever been to. She takes her time and really listens to address any concerns that you have. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	Dr Lutz is one of the very Best in the field! Very knowledgeable and if he doesn't have the answer, he will find it. He may run over with his appts.but people don't mind waiting as he is known to spend quality time with his patients.Highly reccomended. Reminds you of an old country Family Dr.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
24	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	I have been seeing Dr Liao since I moved to the area in 2002.  I have had a number of chronic medical conditions.  He has always been prompt, and will see me on short notice even for non-emergency needs.  He is a compassionate caregiver who is very effective communicator who is skilled at knowing when to speak and when to really listen to a patient's medical concerns.  (I have used Dr Liao with Aetna, Harvard Pilgrim, Tufts insurances. ) 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
26	-1	Dr. Lazaron has an issue seeing patients on post op surgery issues. Instead of seeing you in his office, he sends you to the ER. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	Dr Lynch has been taking care of me since December 2011 until now and am very pleased.  He has made himself available whenever I have had a question on needed a quick appointment.  He is very personable and knowledgeble regarding my disease.  I am very fortunate to have him as a physician. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
27	-1	I saw Dr. Lynch for right sided abdominal pain over quite a few months. He barely examined me, but sent me for a ct scan. While waiting for the results I called the office in excutiating pain, had to leave a message because no one answers the phone there.NO ONE Called me back! The next day there was a message on my phone saying the Ct was normal-never acknowledged I had called the day before. I called my Primary Care who got a copy of the report-I Was TOTALLY full of stool from my ascending colon thru to the decending colon! That is NOT a normal Ct scan. I have MS, he had that in his records-He didn't think I should know this&#63; Unbelievable!!!! My primary care has put me on Amitiza because the MS has affected my colon. Terrible!!!!! I would not go back for $1 million dollars.  	3	3	1	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
27	1	doctor was very helpful and answered all questions.  	5	3	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	0	This doctor appeared really good at first.But after seeing him and spending a lot of money on him since he wasn't on my insurance, he left me high and dry. He didn't help me at all and decided 8 months into it that we were looking at the wrong problem.  I got angry and he told me to go find someone else without even trying to work it out with me or to help me further. This guy sounds good. Talks a good game. He is controlling and talks around a circle. I wouldn't go back nor suggest anyone to go to him.  He excuses his own faults and doesn't help at all.  This is my experience. Yours might be different, but I'm not you and you'll have to decide for yourself. Again, this is my experience. 	3	4	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	Dr. Lawrence is an excellent doctor. He's kind, compassionate, takes time to listen to his patients. In short, he cares.   His staff is great also 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
30	1	Dr.  Low is the best I have ever had 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
31	1	Retired several years ago. 	3	2	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	This is woman is the perfect example of what a great doctor is. She was punctual, and if for any reason she ran late, she was quick to apologize. Her staff was outstanding.  If you had a question or problem that she didn't know the info to, she would take the time to find it out. She was very knowledgeable in her field. She definitely went above &amp; beyond what I've ever seen a doctor do. Sadly, she no longer is in private practice &amp; only works through the hospital. I'm sure that she continues to be the type of doctor that she was, &amp; the hospital should feel privileged to have her. As for others that know her &amp; have worked with her, it is a great loss. I'd be the first in line if she ever goes back into practice outside of the hospital. She is a gem among gems. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	I had Keri for 6 years straight. She is by far the best psychiatrist I have ever had or known. Extremely smart and compassionate.  She went the extra mile with me more than once.  I miss her since she left to work with veterans.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
33	1	Terrific doctor.  Truly cares about his patients, listens, great care.  Beautiful office and friendly staff.  Has helped me with migraines, neck and back pain.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
34	1	Very nice Dr. Listens to what you have to say.  	3	4	4	4 	Insurance:Medicare
35	1	Is part of a super Internist group and is a recent addition to this SNHIM team.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
36	1	Dr Lovelace was absolutely wonderful!  She was very prompt and very skilled in her treatments.  On top of her exceptional attention to detail and skill she was extremely compassionate and understanding.  I was very nervous coming to a chiropractor for the first time ever and she talked me through everything and explained everything to me in such fabulous detail that she calmed all of my nerves.  I couldn't have asked for a better experience in her office.  And most importantly she fixed an injury that I've been dealing with for years and for which I have seen pretty much everyone else (my medical doctor, specialists, a physical therapist, an acupuncturist, and a massage therapist) without any significant improvement.   I highly recommend Dr Lovelace! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
37	-1	I went to Dr Logan once with a serious brain condition that required surgery however he told me I had just a normal variation and nothing to worry about. Glad I didn't listen to him and went and found a real doctor. My sister has seizure disorder and he hasn't been able to help her or tell her why she has them and my friend had also seen him who ended up in the er after he drained her spinal fluid and only made her worse. Even other doctors in the area think that he should not be in practice. I normally do not say anything bad about anyone but when it comes to your health and life it needs to be said. I would not recommend Dr Logan to anyone. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	Dr. Logan is my Dr for Multiple Sclerosis. Having it himself it gives him extra insite into the unique problems with this disease. He also treats another member of my family for neuropathy. He is a caring, good natured, gentle doctor who truly cares about his patients( a rarity these days ). His staff is top notch as well. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
37	-1	Went to Dr. Logan for 2 years and suffered with my problem every day.  Finally got tired of not having a diagnosis and went to another Doctor who got it the first visit.  I wasted 2 years of my life on pain. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
37	-1	Rushed through the appoinment. Talks very quickly and seems in a hurry. Diagnosed neuroborreliosis as anxiety. 	5	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	I have epilepsy, and Dr. Logan is my Dr. I've had many Neurologist but Dr. Logan really is a cut above the rest. His knowledge and education are obviously very strong, and I am confident about my condition under his care. He is a caring guy, and a good Dr. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	In going through a number of Drs to find 'my doctor', Dr. Peter Lundquist rose to the top. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	Excellent Physician!  Great staff, friendly, accomodating and sincere.  All my inquiries responded to in a timely manner. I am confident I am in good hands.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
38	1	Have been a patient for 5 years. Totally satisfied.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
39	-1	Dr. Lundy is awesome!..had him since he transferred from private office to Hitchcock, knows his stuff..I would recommend Dr. Lundy to anyone who hates being referred out for &quot;everything&quot;..he is a pretty smart doc..However since being with the Hitchcock its hard to get him.... I give him a thumbs up!!! 	3	4	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
39	1	Dr. Lundy is my husband and my doctor for years. We consider him as part of our family because he listens and always is concerned about us in general. He never doubts my self diagnosis, but confirms it. He always find the answers to our medical problems and always makes time to see us in his schedule instead of making us see his associates.  He is a great doctor!!!! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tufts
39	1	I've been going to Dr. Lundy for years, and followed him from his old practice to Dartmouth-Hitchcock where he now sees patients.  As other reviewers have commented, he is an excellent listener.  He asks appropriate questions that allow him to come up with the correct diagnosis.  Over the years, he has treated me for the flu, diagnosed me with macular edema, helped me quit smoking and provided me with sound medical advise and referral when the care of a specialist was called for.  I highly recommend Dr. Lundy.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
39	1	Dr. Lundy is very compassionate, and very kind. I just have never met a doctor with such a great &quot;bedside manner.&quot;  I had a hard time finding a doctor I felt comfortable with, but finally I did. He is not at all arrogant, like many doctors are. He is willing to listen to my problems, and he is so helpful.  Thanx Doctor Lundy! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	1	Very attentive doctor, listens to his patients, always provides sound advice.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
39	1	Dr. Lundy is great! He is very good about talking to his patient's.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
40	1	I've been with Dr. Levine for over 20 years.  He has a wealth of knowledge, always takes plenty of time to explain things, isn't one to rush to prescribe pills when physical therapy or other could fix the problem for good, and I trust him.  Even though I moved away from Nashua, I still go to him.  Hope he doesn't retire any time soon!! I would recommend him to anyone without reservation.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
40	1	I have been going to Dr. Levine for 19 years. I live in Manchester and people ask why don't you find a Doctor in Manchester&#63;  No Way! Actually, I would drive from Maine, Vermont, or Mass to see Dr. Levine. He is awesome. A wonderful and very intelligent Doctor. It's no wonder is is fully booked.  Love my Doctor and would never change. Thank you. Dr. Levine.   You really are the best!  Kelly 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
40	1	Has been my dr for years. Always takes time with you, explains things.  very knowledgeable and compassionate.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
40	1	has been a family physcian for members of my family and myself and he is very easy to talk to and very friendly and helpful.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
41	-1	The most unresponsive doctor I have ever had. Never available. Doesn't call in prescriptions when needed. Pushes medication without mentioning possible side effects. I wouldn't take my dead dog to see this guy.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
41	1	Dr Leblanc has been my primary for about 6 years now.  I find him to be very helpful-understanding and kind.  I have never had a problem with his staff-or punctuality.  They have always treated me well, with a pleasant attitude.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
41	-1	The people in this group are the rudest bunch I have ever dealt with. Attitude!!!! Dr. Leblanc is awful! I went for my first physical in 5 years (my wife forced me to go, you know how men are) and he didnt even get any blood work done to check my cholesterol. I had a pain in my side for 1 month. I went to see him about it and he said lets see if it goes away! After 3 more months with this pain I tried to get another doctor but couldn't get one to see me in less than 5 months so I returned to Leblanc. I have since had 3 ultasounds and it could be a serious issue with my liver. Leblanc is terrible.  His staff is rude and very difficult to deal with! 		5	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
41	-1	not happy at all we scott Le Blanc.. been in to see himm 3 time for same thing, he cannot find problem..better luck in ER room where there found problem..  		2	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
41	-1	Extremly poor in all areas. Repeatedly pushes medication almost relentlessly, in person during visit and via literature heavily distributed in the waiting area. When agreed to take medication he failed to adequately inform me of side effects of any nature, even when asked, response was to talk to pharmacist. He had a no care attitude when I explained that I would like to knowledge prior to having perscription filled so I could make a reasonable decision. I had to search internet to find information. Does NOT Listen at all. Staff is very incompetent in failing to do routine paperwork such as referrals. He and his office displayed an attitude boardering on rude when I asked copies of my medical records, even when I went to great lengths to explain that I did this will all physicians for a home file. Staff failed to correctly fill out a referral after being asked multiple times causing inconvience and fustration between myself, the insurance company and specialist.  		2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
42	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Lynch since 1990 and appreciate all that he has done for me and my arthritis! He takes all the time necessary to answer ANY questions I may have and never makes you feel rushed! So, on the few occasions that I may wait a few minutes, I know its because he is thorough and thoughtful with everyone!  He has the most knowledge of any physician I have ever met and is so down to earth! Having been diagnosed at 20 with arthritis, Dr.  Lynch has been aggressive with my treatment for over 29 years now keeping it's advancement at bay! I see him 4 times a year and look forward to each visit! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
42	-1	He said to me after a quick exam that by the way i could have got from any doctor, and to add he didn't even take any blood, but yes he told me it maybe fibromyalgia maybe chronic fatigue,, maybe sleep disorders maybe maybe maybe. Well maybe doesn't give me crap. I left there absolutely lost and in a lot of pain , he left me with no plan, he took forever to give his crappy opinion to my primary doctor who set me up on pain killers and muscle relaxers. After ending up in the ER I went to go see a REAL doctor who diagnosed me with lyme. Said I had had it for years and could not believe that they had  missed it with all of my symptoms. Stay away from this guy a total (donkey). And ya he has no bedside manner.  	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
42	-1	I would highly recommend staying away from this doctor.  He apparently has set up shop and become very successful by attending to the &quot;needs&quot; of the elderly.  After first seeing him, I went to a real doctor in Boston who successfully diagnosed and treated my RA.  Be very careful!!! 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
42	-1	do not recommend has no bedside manners, not knowledgable! Very rude to patients. Not willing to check things out first before making snap decision.  	1	3	2	1 	Insurance:Medicare
42	1	caring, gentle and very informative. Thank you for being so helpful 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	HE IS VERY INTERESTED IN HIS PATIENTS AND REALLY LISTENS TO YOU WHEN YOU HAVE &#63;. HE ALWAYS GIVES ANSWERS AND IF HE DOESN'T KNOW HE IS HONEST AND SAYS SO. HE HAS A FABULOUS REPUTATION. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	Cr Lynch is an excellent doctor. he listens to the patient! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
43	-1	Dismissed my concerns, did not listen. I was very ill having heart arrhythmias, extreme fatigue, thrush in mouth, vasculitis on my face, dizziness when stand up suddenly (orthostatic hypotension).  Essentially incapacitated for 6 weeks- couldn't work or engage in normal activities. She said it was my &quot;mood&quot; and I should slowly get back to work.  Blood tests and heart workup came back normal.  Instead of digging deeper she just wrote me off as crazy. If she really felt it was psychological she should have referred me for a psych eval!!  Instead she just blew me off.  Do not see Dr. Lee unless you have something quick and easy- a splinter perhaps would be ok for her to deal with.      Last year she told my wife who was in menopause that her bleeding was normal. Luckily the RN looked at her prior labs (hormone levels)  said that was wrong and referred for workup. They found a cervical mass. Luckily it was benign- but Dr.  Lee dismissed it, we wouldn't have known about it without the nurse 	5	3	1	3 	Insurance:Anthem
43	1	Very caring , no time for nonsense though.   will be very helpful if obama's  health care passes.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
43	-1	She interrupts and rushes you out.  I started writing down a couple things I wanted to go over because if I didn't have it written down I'd be in and out so quickly that I wouldn't have a change to think of the questions!  Even with them written down I only got a chance to talk about a couple things.  I've been seeing her for 2 years and am now changing PCPs.  	2	4	1	3 	Insurance:Tricare
43	-1	no bedside manner. like she did not want to be in the office. no interest in patient at all. when calling office for test result she told me over the phone I might have cancer need to have test done. swhould have been don in office in private. my test was neg. she had her nurse call to tell me.  	4	2	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	-1	Misdiagnosed a life-threatening medical condition for a psychiatric disorder. Very rude and unwilling to accept her mistake when confronted. 	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	Dr. Lally is very knowledgable and has an excellent bedside manner.  She treated my daughter when she was born which required her to be transported via medflight to a hospital with a neonatal ICU.  We feel fortuante that Dr. Lally was the doctor on call.  She has been my children's PCP ever since.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	1	We have had Dr Lally as our daughters primary care phys. for about 12 years. We think she is absolutely wonderful, caring and knowledgeable. Luckily our daughter has always been very  healthy so we have never had any challenging situations. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	We've used Dr. Lally for 3 years. Always request her. She helped us through some early health challenges. Gave us great information and alternatives when appropriate (e.g, around sleep, nursing, etc.)and encouraged us to make choices in our daughter's best interest that were a good fit for our family. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
44	-1	Dr. Lally, Was an univolved, uninformed and frankly uncaring primary care doctor during a difficult illness. We were left feeling she was just to busy to care.  	1	5	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
45	1	First appointment I was kept waiting over 20 minutes. At the second appointment I was 15 minutes late due to bad weather and traffic.  (It took 50 minutes to drive 12 miles!)  She refused to see me.  I guess her time is more importqant than mine.  	2	2	3	4 	Insurance:Tufts
46	-1	I've had chronic health issues. Dr. Lafleur did very little to diagnose and rule out diseases. When he told me that there was nothing actually wrong with me, i went elsewhere. Come to find out, I've had Lyme Disease for 15 years. 	5	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	Dr. LaFleur has been has been our family physician for many years.  He's knowledgeable and up to date on medical practices.  He's very sharp and pleasant.  Excellent physician.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
46	1	I have been with Dr. Lafleur for several years now, as have 3 generations in my family.  I can't say enough wonderful things about him.  He is extremely knowledgeable in a wide range of areas, always up on the latest research, and yet is extremely compassionate and takes the time to really listen to patients.  He is by far the best doctor I've ever used.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
47	1	Dr, Levine is very helpful and nice. He has a very high knowledge of my problem.I am very comfortale to ask him about my disease. His office staffs are not nice nad friendly as he is.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
47	1	This is a very nice doctor. He is knowledgable and very helpful. He has excellent bed side manners. Very approachable, a pleasure to visit.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
47	1	My OB-GYN found a lump on my thryroid. I quickly had a sonogram and it was discovered that I had a large cyst on one side and a smaller one on the other. The local endro doctor in Manchester looked at my sonogram and said I could wait for the next available appointment in 6 weeks! I called Dr Levine's office and he agreed to see me with one of the emergency appointments he has. I had to wait 10 days but he was very thorough and had a very nice and reassuring manner about him.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
47	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Levine's for more that 15 years. He has been right on target and through. Any concern is taken seriously. Well organized office.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
47	1	I was referred to Dr. Levine more two years ago when I was diagnosed with nodules on my thyroid. My doctor at the time said not to worry but sent me because I kept complaining. He said most nodules never turn into cancer. I was lucky I found Dr. Levine and luckier that he is the leading thyroid cancer specialist in my area. Yes, I did have thyroid cancer and the thyroid was removed with three lymph glands. I did not need any treatment because the cancer was centralized in the organ but I am happy that I found such a knowledgeable and articulate doctor. Dr. Robert Levine of Nashua, NH. really found his calling ~ I would urge anyone with such a condition to seek him out for his excellence.  LB 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
47	1	I was sent to Dr. Levine for a second opinion after a terrible experience with another doctor. Dr. Levine was GREAT!!! He took the time to give me an education on all that he does and all the science behind the tests. He was wonderful. Only problem was that I had to wait 2 months to see him b/c he was booked but it was worth the wait.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
47	0	QA disappointment, handed me off to a PA who tried to diagnose me over the phone.  	3	4	1	5 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
48	1	Dr. Anne Lent has been my OBGYN for 8 years, she is very knowledgeable.  She has helped me through some trying times with success.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
49	0	Seemed to be more interested in showing how he knew and how cool he looked as opposed to what was wrong with me and how he could help me.  Payment options seemed suspect 	2	4	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	Dr Lamm takes excellent care of our Daughter who has a complex medical history.  He has great bedside manner and has always been a step ahead with her.   I would recommend him to take care of any child!!  He puts us at ease about her health problems and is very supportive! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
50	1	Dr. Lamm is so genuine, gentle with kids and honest. He takes his time to listen and explain different angles of the issue; never pushes one solution or approach, rather encourages a patient to participate in the decision making process. He uses his personal experience of a parent to add depth and nuance to theory and statistics that he presents during discussion. His positive demeanor and smiling face make each doctor's visit a pleasant experience.  	4	5	4	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
50	1	Dr. Lamm is the pediatrician for both of my sons.   He's wonderful! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
51	1	Dr. Lacy is an incredible diagnostician and doctor.  He takes the time to listen to patients and is empathetic.  His knowledge in motility disorders is astounding.  I had honestly lost hope at every recovering from my gastrointestinal problems, not only did Dr. Lacy give me hope, he has helped me regain my life.  I honestly cannot recommend any doctor more highly than Dr. Lacy.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
52	1	I find Dr.Ron Lanzara to be very personable/caring and takes the time to listen to all you want to address. NOt only knowledgable with Chiropractic Care but also with Contact Reflex Analysis.Well versed in the Standard Process Products, which I have been helped with when Conventional Medicine was not able to help with several health issues for me and my Mom. I highly recommend him as a Chiropractor, as he has helped me to go into remission for 5 yrs. with my Relapsing/Remitting Multiple Sclerosis.Mom was healed with a Standard Process Product, Glucosamine Condroitin for her torn Rotater Cuff./she was unable to have surgery as she had Pulmonary Issues. He adjust Dogs also. I am just so Thankful to have found him. Upon my move to Florida he was able to refer me to a Chiropractor who was also Amazing. I have seen others, who did not take the time with you that he does... Sincerly, Constance Fortier 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	Dr. Lim is an excellent doctor.  She's caring and takes the time to listen to her patients.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
53	1	Very caring and gentle.  Spent a lot of time during exam.  Would recomend.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
53	-1	This dr is very much into alternative therapies which is great but for those of us who aren't into that its horrible. She does not take much time to listen to patients. She also does not take time to read medical records before making decisions. Forget getting a referal to a specailist unless it's physical therapy. Also good luck geting a timely response or apointment.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
54	1	Excellent doctor and surgeon.  I had a hysterectomy and several other issues.  Always got top notch care.  Would never leave this practive or Dr. LeClair.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
54	-1	hysterectomy resulted in cauterized ureter. It took 21 days for them to figure it out and then they declined any liability. A poor end result. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
54	0	Dr. Leclair is a very nice man and has always treated me well. However, I underwent a hysterectomy-during the operation, they did not visualize my ureter and cauterized it without  knowing.  It then took about three weeks of extreme pain before I was properly diagnoised. That diagnosis came on a Monday after being in the hospital all weekend for &quot;observation&quot; and pain medication. No one from their office came in over the weekend to examine me. Sunday I began leaking fluid out of my vagina. Still- no one. On Monday the Dr. finally came to examine me. A urologist took over my care. I have had to undergo 4 surgeries, developed rebound headaches from overuse of pain medication while waiting for a diagnosis and MERSA staph infection which will always be in my system now with very few antibiotics available to me due to allergies. I have had a drastic increase of my high blood pressure, severe back/side and abdominal pain no one can figure out.  &quot;an unfortunate result&quot; 	4	3	2	3 	Insurance:Aetna
55	1	Dr. Lowne is one of the best doctors out of Concord Hospital. He looks out for his patients and give them a lot of support when needed.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
56	1	I have her for a doctor and she always follows up and is very detail orientated 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	Dr. Luchsinger is a fantastic doctor. She is very thorough and knowledgeable. She takes time to listen and does not rush you out the door. She is understanding and sympathetic to her patients concerns and needs. She is polite and friendly. She's also makes you feel comfotable and at ease.  I would highly recommend her to all! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
57	1	This manis a genius!  He saved my mothers life -notonce but TWICE!  Very talented surgeon and also very compassionate. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	i've had the pleasure of knowing and experiencing dr looser for my own surgeries and i would never want any other surgeon, ever.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
57	1	No nonsense but very nice doctor. I have had two surgeries with him and found him to be caring and thorough 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	On time and to the point very profesional no nonsens kind of guy.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
58	0	This doctor is often very late. She is inconsiderate of others' time. 		1	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	Great Neurologist! She listens, kind, compassionate and knowledgeable. In one treatment she cured my problem that 2 other neurologists couldn't in several office visits.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
59	-1	Worst in his field. Most of his work done for DCYF. Everyone in his eyes is unfit. He need's to look in the mirror and find himself a shrink. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	So helpful!!!! Wonderful place, so comforting, really helps me! Out of 10 Drs, he's the one that could figure out what was wrong and when i needed explaining he sat with me and explained longer than the MDs I've been too! I &lt;3 it here. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	I feel very confortable and almost at home there. The staff is very nice and the doctor is also very nice and very knowledgeable.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
60	1	Dr.  Letellier is the best !! He also treats carpal tunnel and TMJ for me with great results ! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
60	1	best chiropractor I have ever been to... true professional 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
61	1	Excellent care, great demeanor...takes the time to listen and addresses your concerns.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
61	-1	neglected to recognize the presence of thyroid  cancer for 3 years. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	I had absolutely no problems with any aspect of this doctor's service 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	Dr. Licata is an excellent endocrinologist. The best in the area in my opinion - have been w/ him for 20 years! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
61	0	 		2	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	Dr.Jess is very knowledgeable in her field. She also has other practioners on site to help you with any issues you might have.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
63	-1	Full left hip replacement May 2011.  Pain returned after 6 mos and after MRI, Cat Scan, aspiration dismissed by Dr and told let implant settle, no issues from Dr Lynns view.  Still in pain went to Mass General and diagnosed as loose implant, complete re-do required.   Told implants never settle, either fit or not.  Dr Lynn ignored my pain and issues.  	5	3	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
63	-1	Performed minor operation on my foot and left me with lyphademia and a permanent injury from which I haven't recovered in seven years, in spite of extensive therapy. Consulted with four other specialist at a cost of over $20,000. None where able (or willing) to tell me what had happened. I walk with a permanent limp and can no longer run or hike.  	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
64	1	Incredible! Very thoughtful, kind, and considerate. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	Dr Larson is easy to talk He explains things. He doesn't treat you like your on a time clock. He Listens. His knowledge and care is outstanding. He takes time to learn who you are.  I highly recomand him 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
65	1	Dr Larson is the best!!  Has found things wrong that PCP never caught.  Very knowledgable and kind.  Office staff also very nice.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
65	1	Our son has been seeing Dr. Larson for a few years now for his epilepsy & we love him.  He is extremely knowledgable & caring for the whole patient treatment.  His staff is wonderful too! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
66	-1	There isn't enough room on the planet for Dr. Levy's ego.  Very expensive and limited knowledge.  Hired gun for insurance companies.  	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
66	1	Definitely the best neurologist around.  I have seen others.  Dr. Levy listens, is compassionate and is incredeibly bright.  Diagnostic skills were great.  I highly recommentd him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
67	1	pay for service physician, excellent service, friendly, competent, thorough, responds promptly to email/phone questions. 	5	4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	Wonderful naturopathic doctor. She typically spends TWO hours the first visit getting a complete history. Follow ups are a solid hour long.  Highly recommended.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
70	-1	At 60, with a mental health history of 40 years, I have had one manic episode.  I was incorrectly diagnosed as bipolar twice by this Dr. The second time, she was the director of the behavioral unit, and I was not able to change.  Both times she diagnosed me in less than 5 min.  The second time, she stopped my regular psyche meds., and put me on three anti-phychotic meds.  After about eight days, I started refusing this medication.  She didn't see me over the weekend.  My head started to clear, and when I saw her on Monday, she said that I seemed much better.  That is when I told her I was refusing the meds.  It took me that next week to get out of the behavioral unit.  I spent over a week having halucinations, and not knowing what was real and what wasn't.  My son got a phone call from a social worker after 5 days telling him that I was in the unit, and that I was confused.  He had no idea where I was for that period of time.  It took me 2-3 months to get back to some kind of normal.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
71	-1	 	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
72	-1	This lady is horrible! By far the most self righteous &quot;doctor&quot; I have ever encountered! My previous neuro was in the same practice and when he left she took over my case. She changed my diagnosis from partial seizures to basilar migraines. I didn't even have the symptoms of that type of migraine. She changed my diagnosis within 5 minutes of meeting me. She does not listen to the patient! I'm on an anti seizure med that she tried to take me off from but as soon as I tried to stop taking it, my seizures returned. Of course she wouldn't listen to me though. She began &quot;weaning&quot; me off meds without looking into the CAUSE of the pain that I experience with migraines. She cut my imitrex in half even after telling her I suffer horribly without that medication.  She is SO cold and downright rude! Steer clear of this ego centric poor excuse for a dr! 	 8/17/12	3	1	1	Insurance:Anthem
72	-1	I went to see this woman back in june, she diagnosed me with epilepsy. She had no bed side manner, was straight out rude and cold. She doesnt let you speak and if you try you will be told to shut up. She is aggresive and a bully. I saw a specialist and I do not have epilepsy. She misdiagnosed me. Horrible experience!!! Horrible doctor!!! Through my reasearch she has 1 good review, obviously written by her. So sad she is allowed to practice medicine. Hopefully through all these bad review and several reports on her, her license to practice will be gone!!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
72	-1	i was with Dr. Warrack and now i have to see this doctor.  Dr. Warrack diagnosed me with complex partial seizers in 12/10.  i met with Dr. Lecomte on 7/12 and now i have migraines.  she did not even exam me just had me sit in her office and ask me strange questions and wrote new prescription for this basilar migraine that i have no symptoms for.  very confused by the way she runs her practice and looking for a second opinion now.  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
72	-1	Karen has a major ego (like many doctors), but unfortunately her ego gets in the way of proper care. I spoke with her for about 15 minutes before she was already prescribing me a ridiculously dangerous medication for symptoms that aren't bad enough to warrant such a prescription. I wouldn't mind, but this was BEFORE any diagnosis or tests. After I had tests, I found out she was wrong and that I shouldn't really be taking that prescription.  I do not recommend her to anyone, unless you feel like talking with an ego-maniac that's ready to fill your script! 	5	3	2	2 	Insurance:CIGNA
73	1	I went to Paula for nine years.  She was an acceptable doctor.  However, her office staff was the pits.  They constantly misplaced my file, made me call back to make appts because &quot;the computer is down&quot;.  The PA, Kevin is a thoroughly obnoxious human being.  I am glad I left the practice.  	1	3	4	4 	Insurance:Anthem
73	1	I have had this doctor for twenty years +.  Within the past year or so she does not return my phone calls for weeks at a time.  I am not sure if I need to change physicians and if I need to I feel I should report the problems I have recently encountered.  When I do get to see her or talk to her she is competent and provides good care.  There is generally and hour or more wait which I accept, because I have a relationship with her and she spends a good amount of time with her patients.  	3	2	3	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
74	1	Our children are 5 &amp; 2. She has seen both of them since they were newborns and she is wonderful! We have had MANY visits with her and have never had a bad or even so-so experience! She also figured out our sons asthma too! We have a doctors office 2 minutes from our house but I would rather drive the 30 minutes for them to see Dr.  Tessa! :) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
74	1	Excellent doctor!  She really worked well with my daughters Pediatric Cardiologist.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
74	1	If it wasn't for Dr T.L.G, we'd still be trying to figure out how to handle my son's asthma.  He's doing sooo much better! 	4	4	5	4 	Insurance:Anthem
74	-1	 	2	4	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
75	1	I am writing because I had been told for the past three years that my significant other would die if faced with surgery again.     After multiple surgeries, left with no stomach wall, crohns disease and disabled back injuries he was told no one would operate on him again should he need an operation, and if they did he would most likely not make it.  My SO was admitted to the ER for a bowel perforation three weeks ago. If not treated he would surely die.  Dr. Loosmann operated on him and he is doing well. Much Alive thanks to the ability of Dr. Loosmann.  There is not a high enough rating for this woman - she is phenominal.  Thank you Dr, Loosmann. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
75	1	shE ALWAY HAS A SMILING FACE AND DOES HER BEST TO PUT HER PATIENTS AT EASE. HER PARTNER, (DR. WEYMOUTH) IS ALSO WONDERFUL.  I WOULD RECOMMEND THEM ABOVE ALL! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
76	1	WONDERFUL doctor.  Always listens and doesn't speak down to you.  Very committed to helping his paitents. He's often running behind, but that's the only bad thing about him.  	5	2	5	4 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
77	1	Very satisfactory provision of services. I have no complaints 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
77	1	not bad overall - though could listen to the patient better before deciding on the course of treatment 		2	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
77	-1	Dr. Levy was very rude to me, and he didn't care about the pain I was in. I drove over two hours to see him and he blew me off and told me he had no idea what was causing my pain. He barely examined me. I was very disappointed. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
77	-1	Dr. Levy pushed two back surgeries on me and discouraged me from seeking other options. He was often up to 2 hours later for an 8 a.m. appt. He discouraged me from getting physical therapy after my surgeries and did not recommend any care at all for the 8-inch scar on my stomach and abdomen. As a result, the scar tissue adhered and causes me daily pain that rivals the back pain I was suffering from in the beginning. I tried to talk wtih Dr. Levy about his tardiness, his lack of interest in my case and his lack of responsivness to my concerns and he laughed it all off, saying I was too worried about things. When I continued to express displeasure with his care, he told me complaining and suing him would only add to my emotional and physical pain. I left his office and use another doctor out of town.  		1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
77	-1	Very late for appoinment, even after his aid checked me out first. Rushed in, was withme for 1.3 minutes and rushed out. 		1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
77	-1	Concord Otho. treats its patients like cattle. They could care less about you or your pain. Levy forgets who you are the minute you walk out the door. Also, good luck getting an appointment if you aren't already a patient.  		2	1	2 	Insurance:Aetna
78	1	Saw him in the Er.  Best thing Lancaster, NH has going for it!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
