dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	dr.  o'brien is a very understanding physician and spends whatever time you need 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
2	-1	Dr. Oidtmann is consistently reminded of his tardiness by staff with last three visits ranging from 15, to 40 and 45 minutes...he then raced thru what was an annual physical exam...he misprescribed a medication for high blood pressure and he failed to follow thru on a refill for another medication.He is a poor listener and lacks trust in hi his patients....  	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
3	1	Dr.Oliver is the best I have ever been too. Whis is several since I was diagnosed with Scoliosis when I was 25.  At 58, my spine has deteriorated with the amount of physical work I do, however with Rebecca helping me which does not have to be excessive.  1-3 visits and I am good to go.  Her advice, caring and knowledge is the best I have had.  I have been to many in the past few decades.  Rebecca has given me relief quickly, faith and hope and that is huge considering the agony experienced with fear that I would never heal. Pain is HORRIBLE and she has saved me from many episodes that I thought were unsavable...Laureen  Thanks Rebecca 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	Dr. Oliver is THE best chiro I've ever been too.  She offers many more therapies than just your standard adjustment and has helped me tremendously.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
3	1	Great on knees and lower back, I would use her again if up that way.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	Dr. Oliver is very easy to talk with and takes her time with you.  There was no waiting, and she's on my insurance plan.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
4	-1	My father was a patient of his for years, and came to him after he had a stroke..and he sent him home, telling him to go to a facility. He said he had a seizure!it was a full on massive stroke, w/paralysis. My father passed away in September due to complications from the stroke.  I would not recommend  this Dr. to anyone.  	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
4	1	Outstanding Doctor and staff. I have been with Mr. Olken for several years. Highly recommend this office for your medical needs.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
4	1	Knows his stuff. very holistic. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	Dr. Olive takes the time to listen to all of your concerns.  His is patient and has a really nice 'bedside' manner.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	1	Dr. Oxnard has been our family pediatrician for 3 generations now.  He was my mom's doctor, he was my doctor, and now he is my kids' doctor.  He is very friendly and respectful.  He knows what he's doing and is always available to answer any questions.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	1	Dr.Oxnard is a wonderful MD wonderful with my child and very thorough. My daughter loves him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	-1	 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
7	-1	Dr. M. O'Connel of Pain Care Centers of Somersworth NH is Not the best of doctors in my opinion. He makes millions of dollars and yet he will not hire a nurse or anyone to process what a lot of health insurance Co.'s call PA's or Pre Authorizations!! He will not let any of the many medical providers that work Under him to provide Any patient with medications they may actually need if they require a Pre Authorization!! What type of doctor is too cheap to provide something the medical field as a whole deems as &quot;Basic/Standard' care&#63; This doctor also claims to know how to treat interstitial cystitis. Yet, the providers I had at his clinic Never Once actually did anything to help my IC over 6 yrs! The last time I saw one of his &quot;specialist&quot; she told me IC is Not painful! I asked why is IC also reffered to as &quot;Painful Bladder Syndrome&quot;&#63; She could Not answer me. Sadly this clinic is one of the largest in the NH,ME,VT area.But I would find any other place for the treatment of pain.  	 11/17/10	4	3	1	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
7	-1	i went to this clinic trying to get drugs but they wouldn't give them to me! i love the way drugs make me feel and i just wanted to get high. that's discrimination! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
7	-1	Dr. o'connel refused to treat me for my pain at his pain clinic because i am an ex- drugs user. thats discriminatin i thought. i would never advise anyone to go thare. also all the nurses treat you with such disrespect. that place really sucks. the doctor also gave my medical information to another doctor without my permission. that is ignoring patients prvicay right. he really is a bad doctor.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
8	0	She seems to push medications even though I could not afford it.  She seems to mean well but can come flighty and all over the place. 	3	2	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	I absolutely &quot;love&quot; this Dr.  She is very knowledgeable and listens to you and welcomes your input.  She is not afraid to tell you if she doesn't know something and keeps working at it until she finds an answer.  Her office and waiting room is absolutely beautiful and peaceful.  I have a very rare condition, and she was not afraid to take on my case.  Other doctors. labeled me and she never did.  I have utmost respect for this woman, and she is very resourceful.  I appreciate the fact that she teaches me how to become my own advocate.  This woman is there for her patients and has informative blogs.  She is exceptional, and is to be thanked over and over again for all she does.  She is very thorough.   Thank you, Olympia Clark 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
8	1	She is a kind, sensitive, and very smart doctor! I would recommend her as one of the best I have ever met. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	She thinks outside the box, and it has finally helped me. I am feeling better than I have in years and am finally losing weight. I have tyroid issues and Insulin resistance issues.  Both are managed now thanks to Dr. Ochoa-Maya.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
8	0	My very first experience with this Dr was awful waited 1 hour in the exam room...not a good start...then when I finally met her it was like she came in like a quick storm and out again...with 3 different prescriptions in hand...My main complaint about this Dr is she never calls you back she always has the nurse call you..if you want to talk to her then you have to make an appt to see her after you were just in...she also repeats alot of blood work that you have already had.. good thing for insurance or I would have been sent to collections..I would not recommend this Dr if you want to talk to the DR and not the nurse she dosen't have time for you unless you can make an appt and spend another $200 and something which is what they charge the insurance don't know what they charge without..Its a wonder why insurance is getting so out of hand...  	4	1	3	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
8	1	I strongly disagree with the above posts. Dr. Ochoa-Maya is a Board Certified Endocrinologist. In all fairness to tis doctor or any other, you should have your facts straight before posting negative commentary. I find her to be exceptionally bright, AND she thinks outside the box. She is open to alternative medicine and may or may not incorporate that into her treatment approach. I highly recommend her as an endocrinologist.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
8	1	I had been sick for months.  I had many tests that showed nothing.  My primary referred me to Dr.Ochoa-Maya,and I am feeling so much better.I find her personality is wonderful, she listens, and she explains things fully so i will understand.   She has helped me tremendously 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
8	-1	Just had 1st appt., doctor walked in told me I needed to start birthcontrol immediately. That will solve my problem. She never look at my previous records or did a physical examine.She also never asked how I was doing or what my concerns were. Most insincere women I've ever met. To worried about pushing drugs and acting like she knows it all.  	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
9	-1	I completely agree with the above comments. She LITERALLY put in my file I was a hypochondriac when I was suffering from severe Graves Disease. Took me over a year to get proper referral. I have since been diagnosed with numerous neurologic and autoimmune conditions she refused to listen to. This woman should not be treating patients. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
9	-1	I have been very disappointed with the treatment from this provider. She isn't very personable and her notes don't come across as stated to her. I was due for a yearly physical and her dept dropped the ball and I was relagated to someone I will NEVER go to again. I guess when you go from bad you get to go to worse. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
9	-1	Dr Olnick was not a helpful doctor at all. She kept presenting me with options without guiding me on how to choose between the options. In general, I didn't find her taking a good interest in what I was feeling or saying.  	4	4	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	-1	She is not helpful at all. Every time I see her for something, she makes me feel like I am just over reacting. My whole family was using her as a PMD, and we are now changing. After a family member was hospitalized, he scheduled a follow up appointment with her. She had not read any of the medical records from the admission, had no clue what was going on. She does not coordinate care between all of the providers that the patient sees, which is the purpose of having a PMD. She is very condescending and makes the patient feel stupid. She never decides on a course of treatment, she just leaves it up to the patient. I am a nurse, and I would not recommend her to anyone.  	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	-1	I deleted the comment I was going to make after I read that&quot;very short&quot;(I assume they mean rude or nasty)comments will be deleted.That said,This woman should not be a doctor.She does not listen to you *at all*,doesn't follow up with ongoing medication (mine at least),and treats you like a hypochondriac if you have issues you want to talk to her about.And yes,she expects the patient to decide what their treatment should be.Very cold,uncaring,and condescending.I will not go to her for *anything* anymore,and have been looking for a new doctor.This may be hard after reading her office notes for our visits.She makes it very obvious that she thinks I'm a hypochondriac,and any new doctor I find will be reading these notes and assuming I'm ridiculous before the ever meet me.I assure,I am not(ridiculous OR a hypochondriac).I rarley went to the doctor for anything as it was.Now I won't at all until I can fix this issue.It says to be detailed,but not libelous.I really can't do it both ways. O. o 	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
9	-1	I agree with the person who wrote: &quot;Comes across as not very knowledgeable. Instead of advising me of the right kind of treatment, she would simply list the various treatments available and ask me what I'd like to do. If I knew how to treat myself, I wouldn't need a doctor! I don't recommend this doctor at all.&quot;  I too have experienced these same issues, but have also run into additional problems.  I did not feel that the doctor was very attentive and didn't really listen to my concerns.  I felt that the doctor did not take my concerns seriously and came off as very condecending, rather than showing actual concern.  And, she did just list off a number of different options and was looking for me to make a choice, rather than providing any sort of reccomendation.  I can get that kind of information online without even setting foot inside a doctor's office.  I basically walked away feeling much worse than when I went in. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
9	-1	Comes across as not very knowledgeable. Instead of advising me of the right kind of treatment, she would simply list the various treatments available and ask me what I'd like to do. If I knew how to treat myself, I wouldn't need a doctor! I don't recommend this doctor at all.  	3	4	2	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	-1	Poor treatment of elderly. Instead of ordering tests on a patient told her there was nothing wrong with her. Told her she needs a Psyciatrist. Patient went to another Doctor and was diagnose with cancer. 	4	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	Wow! An encyclopedia of information at this clinic. They were humble, open and easy to talk to. I had the feeling that they are healthy themselves and take a long-term approach to healthcare. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	Knowledgeable, kind, experienced and competent. First time I have had results in many years. Spent a great deal of time with me, tried to keep expenses down, and he thinks long-term. I have recommended many friends and family to  him, and have heard only positive comments. He is a second-generation doctor and is very dedicated to helping people. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	I came in with a life long tension in my neck and came out feeling the best I have ever felt in my life--never really did chiropractic treatments before--amazing how one part of my body can impact another part of my body when properly adjusted. Dr Ollies enthusiasm is enough to cure anybody of their ills Add her talent and knowledge and you are hooked--and wondering why you didn't go before. I'm a believer!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	-1	did not feel this Dr. was very helpful.  Wanted to prescribe meds before a diagnosis was made.  	5	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	0	Have had joint pain in toes, knees, fingers, wrists, shoulders, on and off, switching positions daily, for months. Thinks I have arthritis in toes, has no clue about the rest. I think I might have Lyme, she ran a blood test. That is not how you diagnose Lyme. I will be seeing my primary for another referral. 	 4/17/10	5	5	2	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	Best dentist I ever had. He no longer practices in Dover though. He is now somewhere in Maine.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
13	-1	Save your life savings and don't bother with this jerk. He must be putting his kids through medical school and looking to buy a summer home because he recommended expensive treatment which no other dentist recommended, and my new dentist said I had the best teeth he had seen all day. Orendorf is an obnoxious prick who will rob you blind. Good thing I didn't believe his load of crap.  Don't you either! 	4	2	1	1 	Insurance:Delta Dental
14	1	My children have gone to her 17 years i think she is wonderful! I have never waited very long for her and if i did then it's because she is with other patients and care's for them.  She is not for the money what does that have to do with her&#63; give me a break to u people that say that. Her office dirty are u kidding me&#63; yes i have heard she is tuff to work for but she likes a tight ship and wants things just right what is wrong with that&#63; i see nothing! Love DR. Ober! 	3	5	3	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	Dr. Ober has been our pediatrican for 15+ years.  She is an exeptional doctor who truly cares for her patients.  She takes her time with each and every child to provide top quality care.  She is one of the few doctors who isn't in it for the money, but to provide the best health care possible for each child.  When my daughter has been sick, she has called me during the night and weekends to check on her to make sure that she's okay.  She is also very knowledgeable with a network of specialists; if she can't help you, she will refer you to someone she trusts can.  She has provided valuable insight on all of my daughter's medical problems, helping us to understand what is going on.  She is sincere and genuinely cares for her patients.  Dr. Ober is a rare find in a doctor, and you would be lucky to become one of her patients. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	I have had her as a family doctor since i was a baby and she is a kind, sincere woman.  	2	2	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
14	1	staff not helpful and not polite , waitin time too long. Doctor was caring but waiting too long. 	3	2	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
14	-1	I have been a patient of Dr. Ober's for over 15 years and have just recently found out how money-oriented she is. To charge $20 for medical records when she is switching practices and leaving people on certain insurances no choice but to have to leave because she no longer accepts their insurance is highly unprofessional. No one was notified of the change and she refuses to talk to anyone and explain why she didn't notify anyone that she could no longer be their doctor. She is extremely rude to her staff as well. I have witnessed her yelling at them for minor mistakes that seem to have been made because she didn't give them all the information they needed to do the task correctly in the first place. I would not recommend Dr. Ober to anyone, and have myself transferred from her care, not only because I'm too old to see a pediatrician, but because she simply isn't a doctor I'd choose to ever see again.  	3	1	2	2 	Insurance:Tufts
14	-1	We wait in the dirty waiting room for 45 minutes and then sit in a hall way.. then in a room for 30 minutes... just to have dr ober mis diagnose my child and over medicate him.  She is old school and arrogant.  She does illegal things and talks about parents to other parents.  Shed is nothing but a trouble maker and loves to medicate the kids.  She should try to take all the meds she has put my child on ...for allergies. Over $300 at the pharmacy.  I need a PHD to keep track of all the meds.  DO NOT TAKE YOUR CHILD TO HER.  DO NOT TRUST HER.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
14	-1	Wait time here is ridiculous, you should go prepared for atleast 2-3 hours. ***No cleanliness, they don't use hand sanitizer at all, infact you don't see it anywhere in the hospital, we were scared to take out 2 week old daughter to hospital as they will see lot of other kids who are sick. Staff is not helpful, rude.. not knowledgable.. even if you ask how long it takes they will say they don't know..Fed up, decided to change the doctor..even to get the medical records it's been more than 3 weeks and called atleast 5 times..haven't gotten it yet.  	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	-1	dr ober did help me with one thing that the other doctor that used to be there couldnt i thank her for that... anyway there is things that i dont like such as he method of discipline no child should sit there and cry for over 20 mins was she was sick for one and she was like 7 or 8 mths old at the time i dont know if she was born and raised in america but thats not how a normal loving parent disciplines there child in this country thats the one thing i hate and my oldest daughter when dr ober walks in the room runs to me to hide im looking for a new doctor any advice on a good dr let me know 	3	2	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	Dr. Ober has been my personal physician since I was a young child.    She aided my parents and I when it was discovered that I had a learning disability.  She helped send us to the right people in order for me to become successful.  She always manages to get me in  at an orderly matter.  The wait times can be bad depending on the day but for the most part it is not more than a half hour.  I have called in day of and gotten service that afternoon on numerous ocassions.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Tufts
14	-1	This doctor is one of the worst physicians I have ever encountered. Wait times in her office is like flying from boston china in a one way flight. It's endless... Her staff is very rude, and they honestly dont have any clue what they're are hired for. Every time i go there, there always is a new receptionist. I guess people just can't take her. Yes, she is a money digger that is to cheap to get real nurses. She charges ridicously high even for a simple shot. Today infact i went to get my hepatytis shot, and i waited for about 90 mins for something that should have taken 2 mins. I am no longer her patient and god bless america for having greater and much better doctors like my uncle, that are actually willing to tend to me. A message to doctor ober: you dont deserve to see me, you cheated me, and grabbed my money. I am happy that im no longer your patient.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	-1	Having heard horror stories from two friends who have worked in her office and as a patient, I do not recommend seeing this doctor. Wait times are ridiculous, the ability to keep accurate medical records is nonexistent (I was nearly given a vaccine that I had received on my previous visit because the vaccine was not recorded on my last visit), and her ability to follow up on patients are atrocious.       All the toys in the waiting room are as old as me and the hired help are merely medical assistants because she is too cheap to hire actual nurses.       If you're looking for a competent doctor, don't look into ABC Pediatrics. 	1	1	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
15	-1	.  	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
16	1	Extremely knowledgable.  Diagnosed a fairly complicated problem that three other doctors were unable (or unwilling) to determine.  Finally I am on the road back to full health and would recommend this doctor to anyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
16	1	I agree with the other posters!  I drove over a half hour one way for my children to see her in Amherst.  I did not have any illnesses that would have caused her to recommend me to another  doctor, but having seen other doctors- that is general practice.  For example in the past I was having back troubles.  My doctor at the time sent me to the back doctor, who sent me to a physical therapist.   Talk about expensive!  Now I just go to the chiropractor and I don't have any back issues! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	she has her new practice in amherst,nh..called the wholistic family wellness center..most amazing family doctor i have ever had in my life..eastern and western medicine combined with a ton of compassion..she is amazing.. best doctor ever! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	the best doctor in NH!!! She is a wonderful caring health care provider who listens to parents and who believes that we have the right (and duty) to control our own health care, and that of our family.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tufts
16	1	Dr Oteri is fantastic &amp; I highly recommend her. She has the perfect combination of not jumping to prescribe medication as so many doctors do, yet she absolutely will when meds are called for. She is the doctor for my whole family and she is the best I have ever seen. She takes the time to listen to you, does not brush off your concerns, and actually gives you the time to speak to her about everything you wanted to, unlike many doctors who rush in and out. She is open to other ideas and very happy to take patient input, unlike a lot of other doctors. I drive 50 minutes one way to see her and she is worth every minute. I highly recommend her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
16	-1	good listener, however as far as diagnosing you forget it she refers you out to another Dr..I guess she is good if you only have the flu or common cold doubt she would refer you out for that...My complaint on this provider would be always refers you out to another Dr... can get costly if no insurance 	3	3	1	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
17	1	Of the dentists I've been to over the past, Dr Pike is in line with them. Although I did think my prior dentist was more helpful and knowledgable. I changed practitioners due to a relocation. The one thing that this practice does that others in the past did not is call constantly if I don't follow their recommendations for expensive work right away. Feel like my dentist is a telemarketer. Insurance only pays 50% of big stuff.  	4	5	4	4 	Insurance:Delta Dental
18	1	Dr. O is amazing with children, all my kids adore him!!!  He really was born to be a pediatrician! 	5	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	Dr. Anne M. O'Connor is absolutely WONDERFUL!!!  It's also worth noting that Dr. O'Connor has a background in midwifery.  She cared for me when my first pregnancy ended in a miscarriage and an UNPLANNED C-Section, and her bedside manner was praiseworthy - she acknowledged the loss, patiently listened and answered ALL of my questions.  She even made herself available for a callback when I had a question about what I was experiencing after my miscarriage.Dr. O'Connor is well-respected by her colleagues.  She has a very dry, but calming personality and she is VERY knowledgable.  So don't expect a &quot;Chatty Cathy&quot;, but you can certainly expect that you have her undivided attention when she is with you.  She definitely makes you feel heard and acknowledged. Dr. Anne M. O'Connor is in the Obstetrics, Gynecology &amp; Nurse Midwifery  department at Dartmouth-Hitchcock Specialty Care at Bedford Medical Park and you can schedule an appointment with her by calling 603-695-2900.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
19	1	What can I say, I LOVE LOVE LOVE this doctor!  She listens and cares, she is a holisitic healer.  She delivered my first child and did my prenatal for my second.  Although I see her for OB care, she takes time to consider the whole person!  The only negative about her is that in my experience, she is hardly ever on time, but that is only because she spends so much time with her patients, listening and getting to the bottom of problems instead of rushing them out the door when their 15 minutes is up.  She is extremely knowledgable, compassionate, and loving.   I can't say enough good things about her! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
19	1	Dr. O'Connor was my primary OB/GYN doctor when I was trying to conceive and during my resulting pregnancy.  She is one of the only doctors in the area that really understands the Fertility Awareness Method (for birth control/family planning) and really understands that women know their bodies best.  She has been helpful and knowledgeable in making recommendations for post-birth care and birth control options when breast feeding, too.  She is an amazing and caring doctor! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	-1	She was great for my emergency csection. However... please take time to read my whole review. I had an emergency csection because after 7 hours into induction and being 5cm dialated with my water broke my daughter was breech. She should have listened when I kept going into false labor the WHOLE 2 last months of my pregnancy!!!! My baby girl was breech from16-41 weeks. She was possibly breech at the 20-21wk appt ultrasound. She only gives you one and TOTALLY wasted my time with nonstress tests instead of listening to me. I now know she has that hidden arrogance about her. It was my 2nd child, and I wish that my Dr who delivered my 1st child had been my doctor. I don't feel she is competent for prenatal, OR Csect went well with no complications though. She needs to listen to her patients more especially when it's the patients 2nd child... they have been through this before. My 1st child was born 100\% natural 2 hr 50 min total labor. I could have had my girl like this too.....  	5	4	2	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	Dr. O is fantastic.  She delivered both of my children, and I couldn't have asked for a more experienced, calm voice during the process.  She always listened to my concerns and I never felt rushed or judged.  I would HIGHLY recommend her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	I LOVE Dr. O'Connor. I saw her for most of my pre-natal care. She is very calm, and relaxed and really listens to you. She is a knowledgable doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	1	The best I saw so far. Professionnal, humain and using all knowledge to gave me a great dianostic and surgery. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	I had a great experience getting to know Dr. O'Neill.  He treated me like a family member the whole way through my operation and the weeks that followed.   Thank you so much. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	-1	Judgmental and impatient.Dr. O'Connell owns the practice but as a client you are more likely to see a PA. This pain clinic was helpful for a short time. Time went on and a diagnosis wasn't made quickly enough I was dropped as a patient, he was &quot;uncomfortable treating an undiagnosed condition.&quot; Is pain management only for diagnosed conditions&#63; (The answer is NO) I am left without pain relief and NH docs are still scratching their heads unable to make a diagnosis. I am going to Boston doctors. FYI: when a pain clinic dismisses you another pain clinic WILL NOT take you.Thanks for nothing  Dr. O'Connell! 	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:Tricare
21	1	Dr. O'Connell is a brilliant man and a more than competant physician.  I have been blessed to find PainCare and Dr. O'Connell and because of that my life has been given back to me.  Dr. O always listens to me and takes into account my thoughts and feelings, unlike several of the doctors I have been to in an attempt to address my chronic pain that viewed me as a cash cow. I would recommend Dr. O'Connell or any of the other medical staff to anyone with pain, a hundred times over.  I would score him a 20 if I could.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
21	1	Dr. O'Connell is the best there is for diagnosing the cause of a patient's pain.  He has changed my quality of life.  I agree with the person who said it is too bad he cannot be cloned.  He along with the entire staff are caring, concerned and compassionate.  They never give up trying to help you and finding the cause of your pain.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
21	1	Dr O and all of the providers which work with him are wonderful, kind and caring people. They care about the quality of your life! They treat you like a person. They will always help someone in pain. All they ask is for you to follow their rules and to be honest with them. You can tell them anything and they will find a way to help you and to treat your pain. I would recommend dr.O to anyone in pain!! Young and old alike.  If you are in pain or know somone in pain, please call this office!! They do care!! 100 on a scale from 1 to 10 !!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
21	1	My wife has been to many pain programs over the years and this is the best! Great support staff.  Full range of therapies for pain relief.  I would score Dr. O a 10 if this program would let me.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
21	1	Great group or professionals with many pain fighting techniques.  I can't praise them enough.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
21	1	Pain is his specialty now..........I consider him excellent! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	This doctor listens, is extremely knowledgeable about what he does and really cares. Because of him, I now have my quality of life back. If only he could be cloned. Dr. O'Connell treats the whole person and looks beyond the symptoms a patient describes. I cannot say enough about him.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
21	1	Just a fantastic doctor - kind, good listener, great office with exc. staff. Alternative health options like massage etc. Can't say enough. If only other docs were like this man.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	1	All the providers and staff at PainCare's many locations are the best.  I have been a patient there for over ten years and cannot say enough about the care I have received.  In all that time, I have been seen when I arrive for my appointments in a timely manner.  The most time I have ever had to wait is ten minutes.  If it had not been for PainCare, I would have gone through three surgeries.  I am so thankful for PainCare and the wonderful pain management I have received.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
23	1	Dr. O'Day is a very caring & thorough doctor.  He puts you at ease & doesn't rush you.  He truly listens to you & treats what needs to be.  Great office staff too! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	Fabulous doctor, diagnosed me correctly immediately after being misdiagnosed for 3.5 months and 2 other doctors.  Problem was addressed, eventually surgery was performed (we tried all other options first) and I feel better than I have in years.  HIGHLY recommend him.  	2	2	5	5 	Insurance:Lumenos
