dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	very caring about her patients and follow up after my child when he  was really sick. i will recommended anybody to dee her for their child 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	After suffering for weeks and finally finding out about Dr. O - it was only two weeks between first fist, and fixing the problem.  Very knowledgable, makes you feel at ease. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	I used him several times and was pleased with his treatment until my last time.  He suddenly stopped taking any insurance and I had to pay cash for a diagnosis that turned out to be WRONG AND THEN COST ME 75.00 FOR A BRACE THAT WAS NOT NEEDED. 	4	2	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	An amazing staff and doctor...I would go to nobody else...very dedicated and caring! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	Absolutely awsome 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	-1	solution he recommended to fix my TMJ was that I take muscle relaxers every night. 	3	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	She has been my oncologist for one year and I am 100 percent satisfied.  She is a beautiful person and great doctor. She is up to date on everything.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	She is a wonderful, supportive doctor. I am grateful for all that she does for me.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	1	very caring..accessable..knowledgeable and never afraid to refer his patients. His appointments are on time. Often calls his patients direct.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	1	A wonderfully caring,thorough and talented physician who listens to what his patients have to say and always takes the time to answer questions.He even checks voicemail while on vacation and responds to patients, and he'll refer patients to other specialists when he believes they'll be of help. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	Dr. Dennis O'Conner is a brilliant, middle-aged family physician. He has solved my problems with GERD, high cholesterol, depression, and other minor medical needs. He is particularly interested in avoiding illness; his talents in the area of preventative medicine are superb. I am on an exercise program, a cancer-watch program, heart-health monitoring, and find consultations with him to be very cordial and solution-based. Above all, Dr. O'Conner is up-to-date and he practices what he preaches: He recently ran a marathon! He is an incredible find in this small community. It is no surprise that he is the director of the local hospital.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	1	Mary O'Connor is the most helpful, knowledgable and professional therapist I have ever visited.  I am 48 years old and have been in therapy off and on since my 20s.  She has helped me, and continues to help me, enormously.  She offers concrete advice.  I never feel as though she is drifting or just &quot;marking time&quot; through our sessions.  She has consistently offered me tools with which to help me cope with life's various difficulties.  She has never been condescending, or insulting, or cruel, or unjust.  She listens patiently. She is always 100% &quot;there&quot; in our sessions.  KNowing that all therapists are not a match for all people, I would wholeheartedly recommend her.  I am grateful to have found her.  	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	-1	Do not go to this provider for a divorce action evaluation! She is known to be &quot;in the pocket&quot; of a local law firm who always insists that she be used. She is clearly partial and should be avoided. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	I had approximately 30 visits with Dr.O'Connor. During this time she helped me with overwhelming personal and family problems. I am happy to say that with her help, I have solved many of these issues and with the tools she has given me, I am confident I can deal with those that remain. I always felt very safe to express myself without any fear of judgement. She is an excellent listener! I have been to other psychologists and she really is the best.  I can highly recommend her, especially if you come prepared to make the changes necessary to live your life authentically 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	1	Dr. O'Connor made me comfortable from my very first visit.  She was knowledgeable about my medication and suggested a change which made a huge difference.  She offered a different perspective to me which helped me see that I could get past issues I had carried with me for years.  She helped me improve my daily life, my work life, all of my relationships.  She basically empowered me to control my life and how I react to it.  I have to say that seeing her improved my life 100%.  I feel freer and more able to enjoy myself than I ever have.  I would highly recommend her to anyone. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	-1	This doctor did a forensic evaluation for custody of my 3 children.she was chosen and paid for by my ex.-I later found out she is on a father's rights list.she diagnosed me with narcissitic personality disorder, without any tests or evidence.my ex abused me with this for months until i finally had another administer the mmpi-this psychologist found me normal.  she also said i was alienating my children, though she forgot to ask the children about their fahters abuse to me-domestic violence is important. she neglected to report my sons disclosure of sexual abuse by his father. she is a mandated reporter! whether she believed him or not! now after a gruelling trial, that she didn't want to testify in, i was forced to settle with a joint custody agreement. since then he has abused me on the email based on her dignosis, and my son has developed depression and adjustment disorder 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	Dr. O'Connor has helped me for over 2 years now, and continues to help me solve multiple issues.  She is head and shoulders above any other provider I've been to.  I have recommended others to her who have been extremely satisfied also.  I would highly recommend her. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	We would NOT have made it if we (my family) did not have Dr.O'Connor...SHE went above and beyond to help us..aways right on with her counsel! Can't Thank You enough.  Even recommended her to friends and they are very happy :) 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	1	Doc O'Connor has always seemed to be a diligent and caring shrink. It seemed as she genuinely cared about my concerns and problems for all of the time I went to see her. I couldn't be where I am now without her counseling.  	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	-1	I was in abuse situation and she did not call back until I called twice. Was late for appointment. 2nd appointment with husband she never showed up.  	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	1	I have been seeing Dr. O'Connor since January 2009 and fine her most helpful, non critical or judgmental and I look forward to my appointments with her. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	0	Horrible.  Don't go see this woman.  She'll make you feel worse than before you came to see her. 	3	3	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	I had my first visit with Dr Oconnor for hemorrhoids and found her to be a wonderful Dr..I was very nervous about the visit because I had a painful inflamation. We first spoke in her office about my symptoms and after our talk I felt more relaxed about the exam.The examination was not painful at all she was very gentle and concerned for my comfort. We then went back to her office and reviewed my condition and diet. She explained everything to me about my condition and recomended the most conservative treatment. I have total confidence  in Dr. O Connor and recomend her highly. She makes you feel comfortable when dealing with hemorrhoid treatment that you might be putting off because of fear. As far as not running on time she said sorry for the wait but she did not rush my appointment. I left the office feeling confident knowing I can finally deal with this condition i have been putting for a long time.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
9	0	I went to see Dr O'Connor because I have hemorrhoids. She seems like a nice woman, and her staff is pleasant.  This was my first experience with this type of exam so I knew nothing. I assumed there would be an internal part of it, but did not expect it to be so painful. Just how painful it was going to be and how the procedure was going to take place was not explained until I was in the exam room, and even than only when the Dr. came in and began the procedure. The internal part of the exam was done abrutply and forcefully.  Once with her finger, than again with a probe!  I can't imagine why this exam has to be done so forcefully. I have spoke to my general MD who also agreed that was not necessary, and recommended me to another surgen who is more gentle. I will not go back to her because I know what I'm in for.  I'm suppose to do this 2/3 more times to have the internals removed. Sorry but...  NOT! 	3	3	3	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	1	Dr. Edna Ohebshalom is very competent, professional and caring.  I would definitely recommend her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	1	Dr. O'Brien is absolutely superb. A brilliant, compassionate doctor, with deep empathy for his patients. His man is an extraordinary credit to his profession. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	Dr. O'Brien is the BEST.  My Dad got sick out of state and he stepped up and made sure everything was taken care of and now he does the same for me.  His office is a run like a well oiled machine.  Very attentative, professional, and knowledgeable.  He is so patient with you and not only treats you, but teaches you.  I thank God daily for this man!!  You can tell that he loves what he does.  I have even been treated by his students and the respect they give him is admirable.  I like that he keeps in touch with my other dr's to make sure everything is in synch.  Appts are easy to make and not far off.  Testing is always convenient and prompt.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	1	A brilliant, caring, responsive, excellent diagnostician, prognostician. Returns patient phone calls in a very timely manner. A dedicated physician who listens to and cares about what his patients have to say. His office is very well run via the latest and most efficient computer technology, as are all the doctors and medical teams at NYU Medical Center. He is a wonderful doctor and a superb human being.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
12	1	I saw Dr. Ohri as a new patient on an emergency basis.  She and her staff were very accommodating.  They exhibited excellent customer service and the dr was equally as nice.  Although I have no need to follow up with Dr. Ohri, I was more than pleased with her bedside manner and concern for my overall health.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
13	1	Very professional and caring. She can develop and nurture a person to grow and thrive. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	Immediately felt comfortable with this doctor.  He took the time to explain everything to me and answered all of my questions.  I had surgery and he was great in following up with me and addressing all of my concerns.  He is always professional but somehow you feel like he's a friend too.  The best recommendation I can give him and a sign of my trust and faith in him is that I had my 82 year old mother referred to him after my treatment.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	I feel he is a great doctor as he squeezed me into his schedule at the last ,imute to review some results with me and was very helpful in starting treatment for my issue. i am still seeing him and would recommend him to anyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	He was very kind and showed genuine concern for my well being. His office discounted my rate for seeing him by over 50% since, I didn't have insurance. 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	courteous and intelligent, excellent physician and surgeon 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	-1	He is terrrible. He has the worst bed-side manners. I was only 21 AND didn't have health insurance. I asked him if he would lower my bill because i owed 54,000.00 in medical and he said no. I still haven't paid him the whole thing and do not plan to. He is the worst urologist i have ever been to. Thank god i have a good urologist now. Dr. Oben couldn't even tell me what was wrong with me. He should not be a doctor. He is so bad that i wrote a letter to the administrator at the hospital he works for and reported him. Don't give him a dime of your money. Besides, he can hardly speak english. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	Dr O 'Connor is the best . He is kind and caring and an excellent surgeon. I am prove of that.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:GHI
15	1	He helped me when others could not.  He took the time to explain everything 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
15	1	Dr. O'Connor is a very caring doctor.  He listens and looks at you.  You are not &quot;screened&quot; by a PA or nurse, it is just Dr. O'Connor and you the patient.  My problem wasn't serious-but I don't have it anymore. The other Orthopedic doctor told me just live with it, it won't kill you.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
15	1	Very attentive to detail. Looked at me and listened to me and didn't spend all of the visit writing. Sent me to therapy for my knee and I feel %100 better. The last docter told me I needed surgery just from looking at the MRI report and hardly touched my knee. Dr.  O'Connor is one of a kind and an excellent doctor 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:GHI
15	1	This doctor took me from a wheelchair and let me walk again. He is the most compassionate and caring doctor I have ever been to. My new knees gave me my life back. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	Excellent doctor. Made diagnosis quickly and started me in therapy and now my shoulder feels great.  Two other doctors wanted to operate right away 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
15	-1	No compassion and bedside manner. Avoid him at all cost. Do not make the same mistakes we did. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	. i just love her i can talk to her about anything and she understands 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
16	1	She is a very caring doctor who listens to any and all concerns of her patients and acts upon them immediately. All information about the patient is on the computer and orders for tests or prescriptions are printed from the computer. The patient is kept well informed about all aspects of their care, and immunizations and in- office tests are routinely performed in a timely manner as she determines them necessary. She is accessible and always pleasant, and takes as much time with each patient as needed, never seeming to rush or to be &quot;too busy&quot; for anyone who needs anything from her and yet she and her office staff are very efficient.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
16	1	Gale is excellent. Extremely thourough and understanding, takes nothing you say for granted. Make you feel very comfortable and allows you as much time as you need. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	I feel very comfortable with her. She is very direct and tells it like it is.  		5	5	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	I started to take my kids to Dr. Oghia 25 years ago and now my daughter is bringing her son to him for the best possible care! Never met a more compassionate, caring doctor! His staff is also very welcoming and helpful to whatever your needs may be.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
17	1	DR OGHIA IS THE BEST DOCTOR AROUND. HE HAS BEEN TAKING CARE OF ME SINCE THE DAY I WAS BORN. I AM NOW 25 YEARS OLD. AND WHEN I HAVE MY OWN CHILDREN I WILL HAVE HIM TAKE CARE OF THEM.  BEST DOCTOR AROUND LUV DR OGHIA 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
17	1	I am 23 and i still go to him. He is TRULY the best and also his staff. Always answers any questions and concerns you have and always calls you back right away.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
17	1	. wish i can use hom for myself, but i am 40 not 4, he always is on the money with my kids 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
17	1	The BEST!!!Dr. Oghia has cared for my son for the past 17 yrs. I couldn't find a better Dr.anywhere. He is always avail, never rushes you & has been on target on several occasions.Very knowlegable Doctor. LOVE HIM & his staff the best.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
17	1	The nicest and knowledgeable pediatric doctor and staff in Brooklyn.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
17	1	Dr Oghia is extremely Compassionate,and up to date on the current issues concerning the care of children and teens. His office staff goes above and beyond for the patients. He receives a 5 star rating at all times.  !!!!! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	1	I was referred to Dr. Oh from another dr who I have the highest respect for.  He was wonderful.  Explained my situation and possible options depending on the outcome of some additional tests that were needed to be to confirm diagnosis.  Felt he was extremely knowledgeable in his field and if surgery is needed, would not hesitate to use him.  I also thought he had a great staff and really like his PA as well.  I would recommend him to people of all ages.  Great bedside manner as well.  Made me feel extremely comfortable and answered all my questions.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
18	1	I found him to be nice, helpful and he listened. He didn't spend much time but I think he was thorough. I recommend him.  	 8/22/11	3	5	5	Insurance:HIP
18	-1	on my first visit he saw me for 90 seconds my second visit was not any different.  I had questions. He walked into the next patients room while i was still talking to him.  	1	5	1	3 	Insurance:Aetna
18	0	 	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	The best doctor in the history of doctors.  I would trust her with all my doctoring and then some. 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	Dr. O'Donnell was my surgeon for colon surgery a few years ago. She was caring, very knowledgable, and one of the best doctors I have known. She was extremely conscientious and visited me more than once per day. I cannot say enough about her for providing excellent care and surgery for a very complicated problem.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	0	Bad bedside manner. Snippy and rude.  She didn't even come to see me in the hospital after my surgery. I will choose another doctor for any future procedures. 	3	1	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
20	0	 	2	4	4	2 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	I saw Dr. O'Brien for a second opinion back in August 2009.  I have to say that I was very impressed by his knowledge as well as by the overall performance of the staff.  I didn't feel like I was a number like I do at my current Electrophysiologist's office.  I only wish Dr. O'Brien's office was closer to where I live.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	I suddenly developed PVC's (premature ventricular contractions) and they put me through a lot of expensive testing: stress test, thallium test, echocardiogram, blood test etc.   My general physician mentioned the tendency of Capital Cardiology Associates (CCA) to run you through many expensive tests.  After getting no help with curing my problem, I just stopped going. Maybe I had something that current medical practice could not help&#63;  Fortunately, my problem cured itself with time.  In retrospect, my best guess was that I had some type of viral/bacterial infection in my blood that went to my heart from a multiple saw cut that occurred just before my symptoms appeared.  I mentioned this several times but was ignored.  I would go to CCA for a specific technically challenging operation as their doctors come from the best schools and they have good support staff.  But they are definitely expensive and may be too narrowly specialized so they miss the forest for the trees.  	5	5	4	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
22	1	I have always struggled with finding and trusting a dentist....I was referred to Dr. O'Connor and can't stress how down to earth and caring she is. Top quality and am always pleased! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	Just switched from Aspen Dental to Dr. O'Connor, I cannot believe the difference.   Dr. O'Connor is very personable and down to earth making her easy to talk to.  She takes the time to explain things to you, in a non-condescending manner and I never felt rushed or like I didn't have her full attention.   She also uses new technology including Electronic Charts/ Digital X-rays / Ultra-Sonic cleaning.  Highly recommended. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	I had surgery for 4 dental implants at the office at one time with local anesthetic everything went very nice no pain no side effect it take time to heal but I am happy with result 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	-1	I think: If you're NOT christian, don't go to his office. (they loudly jeer at and mock people of other beliefs in public!). The office employs the &quot;dregs&quot; of humanity. They hired a hideous little girl resembling an even dumber version of &quot;Snooki&quot; who gets paid to press buttons. She stands drooling at the mouth for the remainder of her shift, and then spends her downtime from the strenuous work by chatting with the even more unattractive bible thumping Shelly Duvall look-a-like who cannot control her hormones much less her mouth (in more ways than one). It makes for an environment of ignorance, bigotry, stupidity, Sloth, Anger, and Envy (of people with room temperature IQ's). All of which they take Pride in since they, including Dr. Ochs, and the &quot;UTTERly&quot; (pun intended) useless portly Glutton named Dr. Dumb-ss, I mean Dr. Dourmas, make no apologies for the bigotry of the fools at the front desk. To the girls who work there: have a wonderful time with your asinine dead end jobs! 	1	3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	Had oral surgery (wisdom tooth removed)and when I woke up I had some questions that were answered by his staff because he already went home.  In the next couple of days I had severe pain in my jaw and head.  I had a dry pack and I ended up getting an infection in the cavity where the tooth was removed and in my sinus cavity.  I was given a prescription for an antibiotic that had a list of the most severe side effects I had ever seen and also was the antibiotic of choice used to treat anthrax. After taking it for ten days I could barely move and all my bones, joints and muscles were killing me (one of the may side effects).  I went back and saw a different doctor who had the time to answer my questions.  Sometimes when you are referred to &quot;the best&quot; it doesn't turn out the way you expect.  My son saw one of the other doctors at this office and everything turned out beautiful.  I guess it could happen but it would have been nice to talk to the doctor who actually did the surgery. 	5	4	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	Wonderful, caring clinician. Made me feel comfortable. Highly recommend Dr. Ochs. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	He is very caring and knowledgeable 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	great,not good doctor. professional. also had surgery done at HSS which is also the best in the world.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
25	-1	Just cares about the money-cares little for his patients, egocentric 	2	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
26	-1	I did go to the practice for a year with hope of easing some of the pain I had on a daily basis. I was offered lots of Pain meds which I did take one but declined the rest. i was told if your pain is real you need alot more. I am a mother and need to be functioning not in a coma state. I took the back injections every month. Well I have such weak muscles and the specialist I now see said way to many injections were given.The scary thing is in order to feel better we do trust these kind of doctors. Dr. Ogoke left the office and never returned numerous times. Office workers take way to may cigarette breaks.  	3	1	2	1 	Insurance:Medicare
26	-1	The worst experience of my life! I went in for Bursitis &amp; Fibromyalgia. I was given injections in my lower spine.  Because I was made to walk to recovery I had terrible migraine headaches (every 2 to 3 days) that dibilitated me for 12 to 24 hrs.  The office is the filthiest I have ever been in. He prescribed narcotic meds and then because I refused to have another injection, he didn't ask why I did not want one nor would he listen, he just said I am a very busy man.  I already had recieved 6 in 6 months when I found out that the reccomended was 3 in one yr &amp; after I left his practice, I found out that I should not have been made to walk to recovery and that is why I got migraines!  The most uncaring Dr. 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	dr.ogoke is a good dr and is extremly knowledgeableand is a caring person whoactually cares how a person feels what he doesnt tolerate is people who have dirty urines .he is the only doctor who really understood how i was truly feeling.without saying it is in my head .or that pain is mind over matter .thats a bunch of bs . but if people who actually get the pain meds werent out selling them then the people who really needed them wouldnt be having a hard time 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
26	-1	Dr. Ogoke is the worst doctor there is. I used his pain clinic for four years. I had an injection every three weeks in those years. They made me in more pain when it was done than when I went in. He said &quot; they were necassary for my conditions&quot;. Hes a saddist by nature and he does not care about anyone who is on his procedure table. I was getting an epidural injection one day and I was in so much pain I started having an anxiety attack, I couldn't breathe and i started to cry.  He told me I had to calm down cause he did not have time and would not stand for my behavior and I would be kicked out of his practice! He only prescribes you pain medication if you agree to his injections! Scammer! 	1	1	2	2 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
26	-1	He is the worst human being that ever existed. He should go to hell. This man has gone through 25 practice managers in 2 years. He is a cheater and treats people like crap. Whoever here says that he is a good person, you either are crazy, scared of him, a masochist or high on the opioids that he prescribes. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
26	-1	If you want to feel like you're at a cattle call, just check in here. I agree with the latest review. This guy is all about making a lot of quick money. Lucky for me, I got a second opinion after hearing some horror stories about this doctor's technique, bad outcome and prescribing things that people don't need. I, too, was about to be railroaded into a series of injections that I didn't need.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
26	-1	i have to agree his staff is a JOKE! This dr is all about MONEY and in order to get ANY pain meds you HAVE to get shots in your back. He gave me a shot that screwed up my leg to the point i couldnt move it for a month and i was scared to return, when i did his answer was another shot in my back. He is all about giving out STRONG pain medication (2-3 scripts at a time) and then you get SHOTS IN YOUR BACK and have to get the shots or he kicks you out of his office! NOT A GOOD DR! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
26	0	The staff that work in the office are about the most unprofessional people i have ever dealt with. Dr. ogoke is a very nice doctor and he knows his stuff but when it comes to his staff its a circus. It took his employees 4 week and 2 days to send the pre authorization papers to the right fax number so i can get my prescription thats been sitting at the pharmacy for 4 weeks and 2 days. It's a joke. I had one of the girls tell me on the phone to HOLD ON YO. Thats how professional these girls are.  		1	1	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
26	1	Dr.  Ogoke is late but he is a very kind and compassionate man and extremely knowledgeable 		1	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	1	Dr. Ogoke is healer and a believer. Two characteristics that are extremely rare in mankind. 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	Doctor O'Young is a very unique doctor. He's very thorough with the patient. He explains every detail you need to know about your pain. He spends more than enough time with the patient. Even though the waiting time and making appointments are a long wait, let me tell you this, it's definitely worth the wait.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	1	Dr. O'Young is a very good doctor to see if you have pain problems.  He's very caring and educated.  He explains to you in a very descriptive way to tell you what's wrong.  Also he has a nice staff that's also very caring and friendly.  So I would highly recommend him as a pain management specialist.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
27	1	Dr. O'Young is very thorough, knowledgeable, and caring. He has a great understanding of my chronic pain and has taken the time to explain to me in a very clear manner regarding my illness. His staff is very knowledgeable and helpful. The physical therapist was superb. She was very patient in working with me and instructed me well on my exercises. I would recommend Dr. O'Young and his staff highly.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	-1	He only sees you once for the evaluation, then he would leave you with his staff/acupuncturist for your treatment. The male acupuncturist is nice but tends to overdo your acupuncture which is not helping you but hurting you.He seems to believe NO PAIN NO GAIN and doesn't want to change the way he's giving the acupuncture.Furthermore, the office doesn't give massage to patients which I believe is essential in physical therapy. They are obsessed with acupuncture therapy and every patient gets that treatment. It's not a good place to go. Not recommended.  	3	4	1	3 	Insurance:HealthPartners
28	-1	Went to this dentist after my wonderful dentist of many years retired. Biggest mistake and I will save you all from making the same. Needed a root canal so had to go to a specialist for that part. Then she did the crown. Had major problems with irritation because there was a gap between the gum and the tooth. I asked her to re do it and she said no. She just kept claning it. Now its only a few years later and because there was a gap left open I have a cavity in a root canal tooth and the crown she did has to be thrown out. DO NOT USE FOR ANYTHING!! Also the comment made about the dirty office is 100% correct. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	she is painless.our family had all the work done same visit with no pain.the office is very clean with top noch equipment.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
28	1	dr. ohevshalom is very professional .she has very beatiful office.her staff is very friendly.she did full mouth construction in my mouth years ago. i am very satisfied with her services.I take my kids to her,she is very patient and gentle.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:GHI
28	-1	When I was called in from the filthy waiting room to the slightly filthier exam room, I called the dentist's attention to a needle on the floor.  I walked out and have not been back.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:GHI
29	1	hes a great dr. my kids love him. plus hes always giving my son lollipops or freezie pops. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
30	-1	I went 2 see a N.P./P.A. for a sprained ankle  bot  you cant see PMD unless it is emergency she refused to send me for physical therapy even though contd problems. Then I saw Dr.Chris for another problem ordered bloodwork &amp; promise 2 call me with results never called &amp; 2 give scripts after bloodwork never did &amp; never diagnosed or bother 2 find out what the problem is . Waited over 1 hr. in waiting room &amp; had a 2 hr. appt. I found out yes Dr. Chris maybe nice but I learned that nice doesnt make a good dr. they have 2 diagnose or refer u &amp; fix the problem not ignore &amp; leave u hanging.  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
30	1	Excellent doctor! I'd be sad to leave him.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
30	0	I THINK HE DOES NEED MORE TRRANING WHEN IT COMES TTOMETAL DISEASE BECAUSE I HAD AN ACCIDSENT AUG 18 2006 AN IF HE WOULD HAVE TAKEN ME SERIOUSLY LIKE MY PSYCIATRIST I WOULD HAVE NEVER BEEN IN THAT ACCIDENT I ALSO FEEL THAT HE DID DO HIS JOB BUT BUT BUTHE IS SCARED TO PRACTICE MEDICINCE WITH MENTAL HEALTH I WISH HE WOULS HAVE FOUND ME A PSYCIATRIST B4 MY ACCIDENT BUT WE ARE AFTER ALL HUMAN NO ONE PERSON IISPERFECT AND I BELIEVE THHEONLY PERFECY PESON IS A DEAD PERSON THEY HAVE NO MORE WORRIES    I HOPE YOU  SEE THIS DR .CHRIS    I SHARE THE SAME NAME ASYOU AND RECENTLY WE HAd a MAN TO AN TALK ON THE 29 TH OF MAY THANK YOU FOR THE WITHDRAWLS 2-3 EEKS IS ALL I NEEDED   IF YOU WANT TO RESPONED I AN AT RAMDOM2170@MSN.COM 	5	1	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	He is very knowledgeable and good listener.  The care we get from him for our daughter is outstanding.  We could not ask for more.  We are driving from NJ to see him in NY.  Highly recommended.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	1	Both of my sons (4 and 6) have been seeing Dr.  Ogden since they were born and he is wonderful! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	1	Dr. Ogden has been seeing my son since he began with the practice which was when my son was born (a little over 11 yrs).  He is fantastic. I would have no other doctor for my son.  He is knowledgable and prepared--answers all questions.  He is everything you would want in a doctor.  I have a chronic asthmatic and Dr. Ogden is fantastic in referring him to the appropriate specialists.  If you are looking for a doctor that you can trust and feel confortable with, Dr. Ogden is that doctor.   He has excellent bedside manners and my son has always felt comfortable with him.  The staff there is also wonderful and very helpful.  Location is great and there are other doctors there as well that are awesome.  In short, when my son is seen in the ER, they all know Dr. Ogden and speak very highly of him.  To me, that says alot.    Beghetis 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	1	GREATTTT doctor. He has been my daughter's doctor since she was one week old. He is so nice and so knowledge. Always knows his stuff and if he cannot help you with a certain problem he refers you to someone who can. At every visit even if your last visit was months before he always remembers to check back on prior problems and see if they have been resolved. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	Dr o'leary did not charger for the emergency surgery I needed. He is the greatest. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	0	Patient saw Dr. O in April 2011. Was told she needed surgery. Office scheduled Dec 2011 back surgery. Patient was called in October and told the surgery needs to be moved to Jan 2012 with no explanation. Patient receives letter that Dr.O no longer accepts Medicare as of Jan 1 2012. Horrible treatment of you patient.  Strung along since April 2011 to now have to find another surgeon that has morals.  	1	1	1	5 	Insurance:Medicare
32	1	Dr. O'Leary is the ONLY man I would trust operating on my spine. He operated on me 17 years ago and I am going to see him again for another herniated disc.  He was 17 years ago, the kindest, most caring MD and still 17 years later he is still the same ! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
32	1	Three weeks ago I had a Laminotomy,Lumbar Arthodesis Posterior, Anterior Instrumentation fusion...Dr. O'Leary and his staff have been incredible.  Dr. O'Leary visits with you after surgery and if you have any questions you can always count on him. I have a long recovery but so far doing very well....  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
32	0	Doctor did lumbar decompression,no fusion, in 1998 3-4-5.In 2007 had leg pain again and he operated in 2008 in the same areas, fused 4-5 and decompressed 2-3,4-5-no fusion. Initially had some relief but after 4-5 months it was apparent that we did not get the result he hoped to get.It was very difficult for him to communicate in spite of my efforts. Eventually, after more MRI & myelograms, he called to say that I need further surtgery Essentially redecompress and fuse 2-3-4-5 plus decompress T8-9, no fusion. Now I really don't know what to do. My condition now is not any better than it was before thr 08 surgery and in some respects worse.  	2	2	2	3 	Insurance:Medicare
32	-1	I write to share with you the ongoing trauma and anguish that Dr. Patrick O’Leary has inflicted on my family through his acts of neglect and cruelty. Dr. O’Leary operated on my Father four years ago for a spinal decompression.  Three days later, after having been pain free, my Father suddenly began experiencing terrible pain in the area in which the surgery was performed.  Upon examining my Father, the doctor, knowing he was on a dangerously high level of blood thinners, did not have the sense to instruct him to go immediately to the emergency room for what was diagnosed to be a spinal hemotoma.  Further, the next morning when my Father awoke semi-paralyzed, Dr. O’Leary did not take our phone calls forcing me to run up to his office to finally have him taken to Lenox Hill Hospital.  However, due to Dr. Oleary’s incomprehensible disappearing act, the evacuation surgery was not performed until two days after the fact leaving my Father a paraplegic.   (continued) 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	Dr. O'Leary operated on my teenage daughter who had scoliosis. He is kind, compassionate, professional, and accomplished. You will never feel as though there is a meter ticking while he is seeing you. He explained everything carefully and thoroughly before the operation and was just as involved and concerned after. You will be extraordinarly blessed to have him as your surgeon.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
32	1	he makes everything understandable to all people, just listen hard b/c he talks fast. What I liked best is his availability to clients, and he helps you a lot--post operatively. 		2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
33	-1	This doctor is should not be aloud to practice medicine.  His incompetance will cost you your life. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	Dr. Jamie is very caring and my 3 children love her. She always has the time to address any questions and issues that I have.  She is the BEST 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HIP
34	1	we have been seeing Dr Odell for a few months now. She is lovely and wonderful and patient with my children. i have had two instances where we have needed to see a doctor immediately and when i called in they told me to come right over (given my experiences with our previous doctor this was a cause for celebration).  she is very thorough and knowledgeable.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	-1	She and her husband run a medical business at their home - they are nice people.  HOWEVER, she seems to be a bit behind with the latest medical technology and treatments.  She has some control and communication issues especially when her decisions are challenged.  I would be VERY CAUTIOUS in choosing her as my child's doctor.  I strongly recommend finding a different practice. 	3	3	3	1 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	Very punctual - very helpful - gave me confidence that she could help!  I will go back and also recommend to friends.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	-1	&quot;Queen&quot;-doctor just horible and unprofessional.  Don't go to her office, she the &quot;business&quot; woman 	5	1	1	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
36	1	I have been dealing with a great amount of pain since my back surgery 2 years ago. I went to half a dozen doctors with no help. I was recommended Dr. Ocher by a friend of mine who has been a patient with her for years. I was highly impressed with her knowledge of medicine and her overall care of my pain. Within a few visits she completely cured my pain that many other Dr's failed to do. I highly recommend her to everyone I know that suffers from any pain. She saved my life.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:GHI
36	-1	vary tacky doctors, highly self-opiniated, office runs as business not as MEDICAL however.  do not recommend ever.  	3	2	2	1 	Insurance:Aetna
36	1	The staff is great, Dr. Ocher is a very knowledgeable, hard working doctor. She made me feel very welcomed and comfortable at her office. I would recommend her to anyone who's looking for a doctor who understands the patients needs. 	 3/2/11	5	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
36	-1	Dr. ocher is rude, downright mean at times and has a horrible bed side manner. Can't understand a word she says. She is extremely unprofessional and her staff is just as horribly rude. Glad I finally changed doctors. Warning: if you must see a pain doctor for very bad pain, she is not the one you want to put your trust into. 	1	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	The Doctor is very helpful, understanding and professional, but her staff is rude, unpleasant, unprofessional. 	1	2	3	5 	Insurance:Unknown
36	-1	horrible doctor, it is a money making machine.  Do not recommend at all...  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	1	I have been in pain for a year. When I got to Doctor Ocher's office she explained everything to me and was just magnificent, she and her staff were pleasant, and made me feel that they really cared about me. I would rate my pain on a scale of 1-10 a 25. It was the worst pain I had felt in my life. I can say that since i left there I have been pain free. She did a procedure on my hip . I have told all of my friends to go to her office if they need a pain mangement doctor.I am feeling great.  	3	4	4	4 	Insurance:Aetna
36	-1	i was so disappointed from that office. the staff are very unprofessionel and rude. the wait time is just horrible. the docter had a very nasty attitude. Dont waist your time and your money going there.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
37	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	Found him to be egotistical, sarcastic and self centered. 	4	4	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	I saw Dr. O'Dea in the ER and I was impressed by his knowledge and his bedside manner.  Dr. O'Dea is definitely one of the better doctors at the Heart Center.  I feel that the Heart Center has become too big and that the level of patient care has suffered from this.  I would change my current cardiologist to Dr. O'Dea in a minute! 	1	1	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
38	-1	This doctor tried to take my 97 year old mother off her high blood pressure medication when she was being discharged from the hospital -- fortunately her own cardiologist said absolutely no!  They are in the same practice.  Then he saw me in the hospital.  I did not think much of him that time either.  The doctors in the Heart Center are supposed to be good -- but I am not impressed by a number of the doctors in that group.  You need to be very vigilant when you choose a doctor from that group.  One of the best doctors there unfortunately retired.  Cannot honestly recommend anyone in that group at the moment.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
39	-1	Not to be rude but this has got to be the worst doctor I've ever seen in my life she sees you for 2 minutes and prob doesn't even kno how to spell doctor 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
39	-1	Hi everyone.. Up untill yesterday, Thursday Sep, 9, 2012, She has been a wonderful doctor. Very helpful. Well yesterday she had me so upset I was crying, she only saw me for  a few minutes and by that time had already pretty much labeled me a drug addict. I am very hurt, I loved going to her and am still in shock of how she treated me. Dr. O. Please realize not everyone is an addict that takes suboxone, i was taking it for the pain........ ;{ 	5	3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
39	-1	.  	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	0	Wow, I think this is a scam, this doc is thee worst doctor ever, she is the one writing the good comments I know this for a fact. I also wait nearly three hours for the whole experience and when she checks my tibial pulses she literally taps my legs cuz she can't bend far enogh to check them, lazy lazy doctor. I tested her once, she listened for lung sounds for twoseconds n I wasn't breathing on purpose n she said it sounded fine. She has to deal with a lot of drug addicts so be careful she will stereotype you quickly and that determines whether she will treat you fairly or not. I honestly think I am smrter than her..either that or she must think ptients are brain dead cuz never can I get a good explanation about anything. I could list a dozen examples of how awful she is, literally, I've got nothing to gain, I would like to report her to someone but don't know who...she treated me HIGHLY inappropritly n said some unprofessional things, I wish I could a video taped it to show someone 	5	1	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	Dr.  Octaviani is one of the best doctors around i travel 65 miles every month to see her and she is worth it 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	-1	Worst Doctor experience I have ever had. I have waited twice for at least 40min to be seen even when there is no one else in the waiting room. She is always trying to make more money and is not caring or concerned with individual patient needs. never again,and save yourself the waste of time. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	Dr. Octaviani is a good doctor. The patient complaining about having to pay what the insurance doesn't cover should read their insurance contract. I often pay for what my insurance doesn't cover. As far as the amount of time the dr spend with me, this varies, but is often 15-30 minutes. I've been in the office when she has spent an hour with a patient that needed her. She wouldn't spend so much time with patients if she was only after the money. There is probably more to these negative reviews that the patient is saying. For me, Dr Octaviani is a rare find as a doctor, and I will stick with her.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
39	-1	DO NOT USE HER... She all of a sudden said she would take my insurance and said it's $100 per appt. I was there for two years and saw her ten minutes each time and THATS IT. She's a terrible doctor and is just in it for the money. DONT GO TO HER.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
39	-1	I went for a physical, I read some bad reviews and was like, okay she couldnt be that bad.... ummmm, shes a golddigger.... Ive got bills comin at me left and right after seeing her 2 months ago!  Shes billing me for what my insurance didnt cover and ive got 2 lab bills for the test work. I went in for 2 hours!!  I waited in the waiting room for half an hour after my scheduled time, another half an hour to get checked on, 45 mins after I saw the doctor for 5 minutes!!!  I really really really cannot recommend this doctor to anyone, I never write bad reviews but its given me enough frustration 2 months later after seeing her to give her this review.  Friendly staff, but not efficient 	3	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	I'm a patient of Dr. Octaviani's and I just want to say that her and her staff are very professional. I have just switched to the doc. about a year ago and my health has improved so much. I'm truly pleased with the doctor and her staff.  	 6/12/09	5	4	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	1	I transferred to Dr. Octaviani a few years agoand I am very happy with the office staff and Dr. Octaviani.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
39	-1	since i started seeing dr. octaviani my appointments have went from $40 to $100 in under a year. I find that the waiting time is also unacceptable as sometimes i am there for up to 3 hours! Simply put, I WOULD NOT reccomend this dr. to anyone! 	1	1	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	I have visited Dr. Octaviani's office several times and I have always been happy with the way I was treated and the care I recieved. Dr. Octaviani listened to me and addressed my problems in a caring and professional manner.  	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:Aetna
40	1	MPN_22July2011: Dr. Obrecht &amp; Staff are Stupendous!  Kind, prompt, skilled and engaged.  I've retained the services of this practice since May 2006 after locating to West Henrietta from Palm Bay, Fl.  I've had occassion to use both emergency 'Walk-in Clinic' services and regularly scheduled appointments at 'Rush Family Medice'... both achieving an A+ rating for service and satisfaction to me. Diagnosis and treatment is/has always been accurate and quick.   Keep up the fantasic work Doc O' &amp; Staff! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	1	It has been my pleasure to have Dr. Obrecht and his staff take care of me! Dr. Obrecht always remembers me and the details of my life and has always made time to answer any questions I have and to help slove  my problems. He is very kind and considerate and has the best bed-side manner of any doctor I have ever known. I will never forget the time that he actually called me while I was out of state for a winter to follow-up on my care and make sure I didn't need anything while I was away. This doctor has always gone above and beyond to make his patients feel validated and to give them the best care possible. Even after I had left the area I would travel back to Rome, Ny just for my appts with Dr. Obrecht because he is the type of doctor you never want to leave. I highly reccomend this doctor and his whole medical staff! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	My first visit many years ago was not what I expected, but I returned and had a conversation with him about my history and my expectations. Since that time he has been excellent. He always remembers personal details about us and asks how things are going. He has been a great help in diagnosing and treating simple and more complex problems. I have referred many people to Dr Obrecht and would continue to do so. Whenever I feel the appointment isn't going the way I thought, I make sure to ask questions to clarify things. He always takes the time to answer my questions, even if the appointment is for my son and I have an off topic question, though I keep them short because I know people are waiting. My young son is comfortable with him too, and that is a plus for me, the whole family with one medical practicioner. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
40	-1	I had a torn bicep tendon but since I had used recreational drugs in the past, he refused to write me the proper pain medicine prescreptions for a 4 month period even though he knew that I was working construction and my pain was tenfold because of my job. The worst DR. I've been to in my life.  	5	1	1	1 	Insurance:Workers Comp
40	1	Dr. Obrecht correctly diagnosed a potentially fatal kidney disease in me that a nephrologist (kidney doctor) had misdiagnosed.  A kidney biopsy proved Dr. Obrecht correct, and the nephrologist wrong. Treatment for the disease was successful. He has always been very helpful, even seeing me without an appointment on several occasions when I was in another office in the building and he had just stopped by to say hello and noticed a problem.  His &quot;walk in without an appointment hours&quot; in the morning have been helpful to me on at least one occasion.  Very well educated, very helpful and personal.  I enjoy my visits with him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	The staff is wonderful. I have had bad experiences with family practioners and this group is like a breath of fresh air. They have walk in hours if needed in the morning. And Dr. Obrecht has always taken the time to talk with me. I'm very pleased.  	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	-1	This doctor is unwilling or unable to treat simple problems.  I went to see a new doctor shortly after Obrecht did nothing and I was treated and healthy within a week.   This is after 9 months of being sick!!! 	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
41	1	Great doctor! Dr. Obrien takes his time to listen and answer all the questions and concerns I had.  He is also very prompt in seeing his patients.  I was seen right away when I arrived.  His staff is also very helpful on the phone and in person.  He is thorough in ordering all necessary tests and scheduling follow up visits and posting follow up notes for your PCP (if he is in the same practice).  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
42	0	Dr Odrich sent me the below email at 1:49 Christmas morning. Sounds to me like he's ****:                      Hey David,     Howsabout a touch of vitriol to counteract my relentless joy  in keeping Christ in Christmas&#63; I'm having too much fun.     C'mon Davie, you can do it.     Maybe another pithy original adage or two.     Whadayasay&#63;     Your Chum,     Ronnie Boy 	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
43	-1	lst meeting, doctor said &quot;you are not the picture of health.&quot;  called me aneroxic.  dwelled on why I did not have children which was NONE of his business.  Second appointment, I had hit my right cheekbone on the door going in, NO ONE asked me what was wrong with my face.  It was quite obvious it was swollen and getting worse with pain.  I took it upon myself to see medical attention with another doctor right after that send me for xrays.  Also, he insists on breast exam when I HAD MAMMOGRAM, ULTRASOUND AND BIOPSY THE WEEK BEFORE.   Found this humiliating and very bizarre 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
43	1	I think so much of Dr Ogden.  Three generations of my family goes to one of the doctor's in his practice and we all love &quot;Ned&quot;!  He is the ONLY doctor I can go to and not be afraid of being yelled at about my weight.  We &quot;discuss&quot; it but there are no lectures or judgements.  I can ask him ANY question and not be embarrasaed.   He is wonderful! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	1	Dr. Ogden is a wonderful doctor- he is knowledgeable in all areas of OB/GYN.  I have been a patient for 15 years and 3 kids! Highly recommend this doctor or any other in office. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	Dr. Ogden is a wonderful OBGYN.  He is the kindest, most caring doctor I have ever been to.   Highly recommended!!! 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	1	Dr Odell is very good with my children and very thorough and knowledgeable. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	-1	Atlantis Health Plan Doctor - She was obviously in a rush and literally gave me the brush off described my head pain symptoms.  I asked for a physical and routine gyn exam, which she complained about because she was in a rush.  She said she usually does the gyn exams on a separate day and said I make another appointment for that.  I insisted as I was not about to travel to her location to accomodate her.  Bad bedside manner - impatient and close-minded, and not a good listener.  She does not give any lab results over the phone.  You have to make a follow-up appointment, which I did.  When I came back, she was out sick and my results were read by a different doctor whom I did not know.  He told me that I needed to have another GYN exam because the lab report said that an adaquate sample amount was not obtained the first time!  As a woman, the last thing I want to do is sit through another GYN exam due to the carelessness of someone else.  Her staff, though, was very good. 	5	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	Dr. Oh and her staff go above and beyond to provide service to her patients.  She is very thorough, thoughtful, and extremely knowledgeable.  She spends extra time to listen and explain when needed, which may mean a bit of a wait fir the next patient, but if that means I can expect the same level of care, I do not mind it at all.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
46	1	Great doctor and office.  Wait time is a little long, but when you get a caring doctor, waiting  is not a big problem!  Obviously she takes time with all her patients and does not rush anyone out the door.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
46	1	I have been a patient of Dr.Sunah Oh for many years, when I first started going to her she was friendly, helpful and knowledgeable. THEN.............. Her practice expanded and she has lost  touch with her patients even missing serious things going on in my body and the same for my grandma who has been with her for 15 years.I'm in the hospital a lot and I would think when you get sick in the hospital and are admitted she should come see you especially her patients with serious illness but she has chose to hire an unfriendly and UN- knowledgeable DR Bruno with an unpleasant attitude to visit her patients in the hospital.  The front desk of staff use to be sweet and helpful and accommodating. Since the practice has grown I don't know if the girls cant handle it or what. They are nasty and not accommodating I have a serious illness and it takes me sometimes 3 or 4 days to see her when I'm really sick. I can go on and on. If you have a serious illness stay away from this office.  	1	1	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
46	1	. Best doctor i've ever had pleasure meeting!  She was right on the money with her diagnosis!  i would recommend her to anyone!  it was worth the wait! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
46	1	She is the real deal. Caring, knowledgable and genuine. Makes you feel comfortable and provides the best office visits. On big holiday weekend she visited me every day in hospital.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:GHI
46	1	Dr. Oh is wonderful.  I have never had a doctor that cares so much about her patients.  I feel so lucky to have her as my doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
46	1	Excellent doctor. Would recommend to everyone! She is so kind and patient, never rushing through our appointments, which is why I couldn't give her a perfect score for punctuality. But I would rather prefer thorough and attentive care over punctuality any day. I also get a sense of her  genuineness which is apparent by the crowd she attracts in her clinic. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
46	-1	. When I was done at her office, I had to make an appointment at another Doctor right away, nuff said 	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:GHI
46	1	Wonderful doctor, excellent run office.  knowledgable staff 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
47	1	VERY PATIENT AND READY TO EXPLAIN EVERYTHING.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:GHI
48	1	this doc knows what you have. she knows how to diagnose and listens to you carefully. I learned a lot about my health from her. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
49	-1	arrogant. nurse had already taken my history (not a good sign in and of itself). then, he had not even read what she wrote. it was not that he asked me again, he just ignored it. another bad sign.  he must have been writing a paper on 'distraction arthroplasty' which he seemed to steer me towards. this procedure is very painful, temporary and NOT an option for my ankle, in need of a total reconstruction, ligament/tendon revision to stabilize this totally unstable ankle. when i had him fetch the xrays, i asked him to point out something, he fussed and didn't really answer my question. i am lucky to be very knowledgeable and knew i didn't like this guy. it took a lot of calls and two visits to get back the scan that i brought with me and the xrays his office took. NOT RECOMMENDED. 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	After years of constant ankle problems, Dr. O'Malley provided the surgery I needed to function again. It can be difficult to schedule appointments, but he is thorough and his other staff members are very knowledgeable as well. 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
49	-1	Dr. Martin O'Malley at first promised he could easily fix my my ankle, but after he REPEATEDLY misdiagnosed it, he took took no responsibility for it at as it worsened under his care. 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	While this Dr did not accept our ins- if you value body parts- he is so worth every penny The entire staff is helpful, professional and answer all questions.  The Dr actually calls and e-mails to follow up- Amazing DR &amp; Staff -Would trust no other 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
50	1	Excellent, well qualified doctor.  Patient, knowledgable and thorough.  Highly recommended.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	1	Nice Doctor, seems fine 	3	1	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
51	1	Dr. Oh is an outstanding doctor that gives you all the time in the world.  I have been going to him for the past 10 years and he delivered my first son almost a year ago.  I had to eventually have an emergency C-setion because the baby was in distress and upon breaking my water bag mecconium was present in the fluid.  Dr. Oh was there every step of the way.  he assured me it would be fine, talked me through the procedure and delivered my little boy.  He was present every day at least twice a day to see how I was doing and make sure I was progressing nicely.  He is a very caring doctor, definately cares for each and everyone of his patients and is very knowledgable in his practice.  I highly recommend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HIP
51	1	he gives you all the time that you need;knowledgeable in his area. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	Wonderful doctor. Dr. Obadiah & his staff made the dreaded procedures a piece of cake! Also, very thorough & professional. I would definitely recommend this doctor & will return here when necessary.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
53	1	She's so sweet, and her bed side manner is great. Got to know me a little which made me feel better about the visit, this being my first time and all. This was my first experience and it was a positive one.  Will be going back on Monday! :) 	 12/2/11	5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
53	1	Dr O'Donohue helped me tremendously!! I could not move my neck and back, and decided to see a chiropractor.  After just one treatment I was able to move my neck and back significantly more.   I was shocked at how quick the relief was!!  I will continue to see Dr O'Donohue to help with all of my neck/back issues.   She really took the time to listen to my issues before treatment.    She is very skilled at her profession! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
54	1	Dr. Obrien is absolutely amazing.  She is understanding and thoughtful and has awesome bedside manner.  	1	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
55	1	Dr. Oberfield was my doctor when I was younger, she diagnosed me with precocious puberty. She then used me for a study. She is a sweet lady, who knows what she's doing. She is busy and does receive phone calls during visits. She is a  very fast paced doctor, everything is lets do this, lets get this done and boom, finished. She however does care dearly about her patients and treats everyone with respect, parents and children.  	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
55	-1	Dr. Oberfield may be the chief of pediatric endocrinology at a prestigious hospital, but even her 30 years of professional experience does not entitle her to the level of arrogance, disregard for patient input, and outright rudeness that she exhibited during our first appointment with her. While bedside manner may be just one part of the equation, in her case, it prevented her from taking a complete and accurate patient history, which made it impossible for her to make an accurate diagnosis. Dr. Oberfield treated us with disdain from the moment we set foot in her office, and from overhearing the numerous calls she received during our appointment, it is clear that this is how she tends to treat people. She may be knowledgeable--hard to tell--but with her inability to accept patient input, I strongly recommend staying clear of this one! 	 7/21/06		5	1	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	Caring, kind, and very knowledgeable.  Will always recommend to see her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
57	1	. Knowledgeable,compassionate,helpful,listening with care 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
58	1	He is currently treating my husband for Hodgkins Lymphoma.  My husband is currently free of cancer in his lymph nodes which was found nine months ago.  We found Dr. Obrien to be very knowledgeable, helpful in the usual and unusal circumstances his illess took, and he and the Guthrie and Robert Packer staff to be kind and caring.  He has been a man of his word and we would give him a higher rating if we could.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
58	-1	this is one of the coldest most heartless individuals I've ever met. He has all the bedside manner of a dung beetle. He is pompous, arrogant and obnoxious. He wouldn't answer any of our questions and was really rude. He treated my Mom like a piece of meat and once he realized there was nothing more to be done he walked away like she didn't exist. She was a negative statistic he didn't want on his record. We have a complaint on file with the Patient's Advocate of RPH. Be forewarned.  	 8/2/05		1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	1	This doctor is very personable and caring. My procedure was toroughly explained as well as the follow up. I have recommended him to all my friends.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
59	1	Dr. O'Hanlon is a life saver. Between being treated by previous doctors/hospitals who just wanted the short cut of my condition to amputate both legs and conflict of opinions with doctors/hospital. I finly signed my self out went to Dr. O'Hanlon who no just saved my legs but my life.The Health Care Profession needs to despretly learn what Dr. O'Hanlon pratices.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	1	Should have gone to him sooner!  Offered different treatment for my foot pain than the 'other' podiatrist (who offered me exercises, a sheet of shoes to purchase, as well as OTC foot inserts, and a visit to a vascular surgeon for a sonogram of my veins...when the surgeon saw me even she asked....'why are you here&#63;&#63;&#63;'  Anyway, couldn't take the pain anymore and wanted a 2nd opinion....he actually touched my feet (!) and said, does this hurt&#63; (yes....it did)....explanation was thorough...suggested a shot to eliminate the inflamation which was causing the pain to begin with....and wrapped my foot to similate what a custom made orthotic for my foot would feel like....woke up today without any usual pain of plantar fasciatis.....he is nothing short of a miracle worker....seriously.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
59	1	Absolutely fabulous doctor who goes above and beyond and offers impeccable care. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
59	1	Dr o'hanlon is a wonderful old fashioned doctor. He is young, kind and very generous with his time. I recently had surgery with him, both he and his staff called to check up on me. One day I even witnessed him offering him to drive an elderly widow home so she could save cab fare. He is one of a kind, devoted to his family and patients.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
59	1	Dr O'Hanlon was fabulous.  I met with him, scheduled bunion surgery for two weeks later and one week post-op could not be happier.  He has been very generous with his time and answered all my questions.  His staff called the day after surgery to make sure I was doing okay.  How many doctors do that!  Highly recommended.  Plus surgery was at the Ambulatory Center in Mt Kisco which was great and a pleasant experience compared to a traditional hospital.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	1	Dr. O'Hanlon was exceptionally professional, has a very good bedside manner and a good sense of humor. He is extremely knowledgeable and has been very generous with his time. He has demonstrated great patience by addressing all of my many questions. I highly recommend him! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
59	1	I think Dr. O'Hanlon is professional and had a great bedside manner with both my children who had to visit him for flat feet.  Both needed orthotics and Dr. O'Hanlon was kind, courteous and knowledgeable.  Of course we will continue to use this fine Dr.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	-1	Recently, I was forced to see another foot doctor after Mr. O’Hanlon refused to treat an infected bunion on my foot. Upon reminding his receptionist that I was a diabetic with an infected foot lesion, she said he was too busy and would call me back which never occurred. After being forced to get emergency treatment somewhere else I let the issue go but called back 4 days later to find out why his office never did a follow up on my condition. Upon mentioning that a different Podiatrist treated my lesions and diagnosed me with an acute and serious infection, he responded in such a crude manner that I never thought possible for a doctor.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:AARP
60	1	Dr. Ogborne is the best Dr. in the group.  Unfortunately, you are not guarenteed to get Dr. Ogborne.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
61	1	Been her patient for nearly 17 years and she is a good Rheumatologist.  The office staff are horrid, however.  Came in to get back on my Remicaid infusions about a month after I had my middle child.  I was hurting so bad, I could hardly lift my newborn.  The office staff stonewalled me.  They said I needed a referral before the doctor could see me.  I said no one called me to tell me this.  They looked up my file and it even indicated 'call attempted, number busy'.  I offered to private pay for the visit--they refused saying that is not their policy.  I asked when the next appt was, they told me I would have to wait another 6 weeks.  I got so mad I raised my voice and insisted I see the doctor, the office mgr came out and told me the same thing.  I finally started to cry because they were not giving me any other options.  After seeing me cry they decided to have the doctor see me, who was appauled by this happening.  	 6/16/11	1	2	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
61	1	I love DR. O'Neil! I've been going to her for about seven years and she always takes time to listen to me and help me with a course of action that is best for me as an individual, be it medicine, physical therapy, what ever works best. She really cares about her patients and never makes you feel rushed . Also she doesn't dismiss your complaints or make you feel stupid. I would never want another doctor.My friends who go to her all love her as well.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
61	-1	Office staff is inefficient and rushed. They lost our appointment but finally honored same when presented with appt card. This place is big biz-all they need is a drive through! Doctor was rushed as well and she talks so fast and her diction is poor-she pratically stutttttttters. Even my referring doctor said they act like they are doing you a favor by seeing you. Get with it docs-your fanny stinks too. If you are so great you would be in Boston at Mass Gen! 	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
62	-1	Thinks he can fix everything but can't.Very hard to get a referral from. ZHe wants to see you first and charge you then send you to a specialist 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Workers Comp
63	1	Dr. Obeid loves her job and it creates a positive atmosphere. She really cares about her patients, taking the time to not only listen but also to explain diagnoses. She had a med student with her the day of my appointment, and seemed to really care about passing on good skills to this physician in training. I don't like going to the doctor unless necessary, but this was a very positive experience.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
63	1	Dr. Obeid listens thoughtfully and seems to make an extra effort to pay attention to problems. She is a great physician, who seems to see a lot of patients yet does her job superbly.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
63	1	SO FAR I'VE ONLY ONLY SEEN ONCE.SHE SEEMS TO A VERY GOOD DOCTOR. I KNOW ONE OF HER OTHER PATIENTS AND HE SAID THAT SHE WAS EXCELLENT. I'LL BE SEEING HER IN THREE MONTHS. 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	I found Dr. ONeil to be very caring and takes extra time if you need it. He is an excellant Dr.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	-1	I had Dr. O'Neil as my PCP for over 2 years. During my time with him he was the rudest most unprofessional doctor I had ever had. He doesn't care about his patients needs, he is extremely uncaring, and he should never be recommended. I used to coddle him by telling him nice things only because I see specialist for most of my needs, and I thought it was the easiest way to get along with him. Finally I called Dr O'Neil because I was about to run out of a needed prescription that I would go cause me massive withdrawal symptoms. Although he had written me a similair presciption in the past, he started to lecture me about how he didn't care and that this was &quot;My own problem.&quot; I told him I was going to find another P.C.P. to take care of my needs. He then told me he was going to release me like it was he who made the decision not mine. This was most likely so he could put in my records that he released me. Do not see this doctor. I was stupid for staying with him as long as I did.  	3	2	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	-1	I had a very bad experience with Dr. O'Neil about 8 years ago. I had a medical issue that he was unable and unwilling to attempt to diagnose and came across as very callous and indifferent. I would never recommend this doctor to anyone of my friends or family members. 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	DR. O'NEIL IS AN EXCELLENT DOCTOR AND TRULY SEEMS TO CARE ABOUT HIS PATIENTS.  HE SPENDS EXTRA TIME WITH YOU IF IT IS NEEDED. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	. excellent doctor 	5	5	5	4 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
65	1	Dr. O'Neil is absolutely wonderful.  She is very knowledgable and friendly and helpful.  She never rushes you and you know you are getting the best care.  Her office staff is by far the best staff I have ever dealt with.  Concerns are addressed quickly and in a friend manner.   A++ all around! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	0	ok staff/nurses could be friendlier, and docotor shouldnt overbook.   otherwise so far has been good 	2	4	3	3 	Insurance:HealthPartners
66	1	Doctor OBEID is GREAT... He is very knowledgeable and will help you in all your problems... And to just say something about the fact that a person said he do not wash his hands between patient is NOT TRUE and plus he have gloves when he is testing people... SO SHUT UP DUDE !!! YOU DO NOT KNOW WHAT YOU ARE SAYING... 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
66	0	Dr. does not wash his hands between patients.  Office not very sanitary.  	3	4	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	Great doctor, worked with me to diagnose my problem. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	Peggy is great. I would use her over any Dr. any day. She treats the whole patient. She has been with me through thick and thin. She is the best.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	1	. Knows her stuff, is very personable, attentive, and all around good person 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	1	Very caring,takes time.answers all questions throughly 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	. outstanding 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
70	1	Dr. Obadia was great with me, a young patient who needed a colonoscopy (something young patients don't usually need!).  The nursing staff at Beth Israel during my procedure left something to be desired, though.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
71	1	Speaking as someone who has had horrible experiences with dentists all of my life, I cannot say enough good things about Dr. O'Keefe.  I trust him.  He knows what he's doing.  I feel confident and safe when I'm in the chair.  His staff could not be any friendlier or more helpful.  I've been a patient for over three years now and, after countless necessary procedures from neglect and sloppy work from other dentists, I have never had a bad experience.  I highly recommend Dr. O'Keefe. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
71	1	I really like Dr O'Keefe. He puts the patient at ease, gets it done quickly and expertly and the front desk makes sure they assist in anyway possible to help with insurance. For a dentist office a very pleasant experience 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
71	0	Dr. O'Keefe's office is beautiful, the back dental rooms are very serene and calming. Dr. O'Keefe's staff are very friendly and helpful especially the woman who works the front desk who will work with you to answer any of your insurance questions or concerns. Dr. O'keefe was highly reccomended by a coworker and so I scheduled my first dental visit since moving to NYC. Generally, I had strange encounters with the docter. Dr. O'Keefe was usually very-very quick and sometimes agitated, but he was usually friendly and even comical. I felt at times he was working hard to get to the next patient and wasn't concerned with giving me a thorough exam. I went back 2x because of cavities and a crown, and I was not pleased at all with the work. After my cavities and crown were filled and in place, my new finishes were somewhat polished and quite rough, like he sculpted my new teeth, but didn't really finish them off so they felt like real teeth. It was a very sloppy job.  		5	2	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
72	1	Suberb physican took care of our daughter with Hodgkins and cured her and helped her thru the trama 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
72	0	My husband participated in Dr. O'Connor's clinical trial. His assisting physician was a menace -- ill prepared and incompetent. His nurses and secretary never gave messages and lied about his whereabouts. And once the drug failed to work Dr. O'Connor vanished. He only wants to work with successes. It was a horrendous experience.  	1	1	1	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
73	1	EXCELLENT PHYSICIAN, I AM VERY LUCKY TO HAVE SUCH A WONDERFUL CARING DOCTOR.  I TRUST HIM, HE DOES GIVE GOOD RECOMMENDATIONS AND YOU CAN TELL HE IS WELL VERSED ON CURRENT TREATMENTS AND PASSES THAT INFORMATON ON TO YOU. HE TAKES HIS TIME WITH YOU AND LIKE PREVIOUS WRITER NOTED DR O'KEEFFE WRITES/MAILS YOU YOUR BLOODWORK RESULTS, AND WRITES COMMENTS IN HIS OWN HANDWRITING. THOSE LITTLE THINGS JUST SHOWS YOU AS A PATIENT HE DOES CARE AND GUESS WHAT HE ALSO REMEMBERS YOU AND WHO YOU ARE WOW. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	Very puntual. His own receptionist is great. He will spend as much time as needed, though pushes meds easily, which makes me a little uneasy. He does recommend exercise, which makes sense, it does help, and he is an avid runner, so he knows. I wish when he had to write letters for patients employer's, he was more concise. They are very brief and never enough info. I like that when you have blood work done he sends you a hand written note with the results(ex:cholesterol), or calls personally. That's a caring doctor who isn't too busy to oversee patients results. I like the records go into a computer system, refills are done quickly, and if I'm sick I can get in that day. His billing dept. needs some work tho. They cannot seem to figure out what is a &quot;sick&quot; or regular visit, and what is something that is comp. All in all, I have recommended many family members to him, some couldn't get in, as he won't overtax himself with too many patients(IMO).  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
73	1	Very good manner,short wait times,knowlegable and thorough,would recommend-and have-to my friends and family.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
73	0	Doctor dismissed prior diagnosis of arthritis because I am too young to have it, and says excersise is the only way to cure spinal fusion pain. I take half to a third of the recomended pain pills, and even asked to be taken off a hardcore one, so he cant say I'm a junkie, i skip doses as much as possible.  His answer to it all seems to be &quot;excercise and eat right&quot;.  	4	4	3	3 	Insurance:HealthPartners
74	0	 	4	4	4	2 	Insurance:Unknown
75	1	. Good bed side manners , attentive , knowledgable 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
76	-1	 	2	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
77	-1	I saw a P.A. who treated me for a serious knee condition that kept me rom walking...I mentioned he reminded me of a &quot;Matt Romano&quot;  and he flipped out denoting he's NOT italian, never would be, never ever think that, I'm a &quot;Mick&quot;...etc etc,  3 days later I was :Discharged&quot; from any other services from that hospital...every office NOT TO SEE OR TREAT ME and if I tried again, he would call the police. in rochester...I tried 32 doctors  there is a note from Dr. O'keefe NOT TO ACCEPT ME. incident with the &quot;Bigoted&quot; P.A. Brenton..so I can't get orthopedic medical care in rochester. they told me to out of state. to this date i am in severe pain. I mean if a doctor won't see you, fine, but he went way out of his way to punish me, I am severly disabled and joint problems are my worst...just what they do and he knew that. Hey, ok, I won't go to your office but to threaten me with the police and notify every orthopedic doctor, in rochester, NOT to accept my case is extraordinary. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
77	1	 	4	2	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	Dr. O'Malley is wonderful at what he does. He was at my bedside after my Gastric Bypass twice a day for the 3 days I was in the hospital. He is very knowledgeable and has a lot of respect among the nurses and the other doctors! Being a specialist,I didn't see him much before or after my surgery but I felt confident in his ability to perform my gastric bypass.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
78	-1	Good surgeon terrible bedside manor, very rude and did not call our family after our loved one got out of surgery for 4-5 hours after (over triple the amount of time they are suppose to wait) we were worried sick and didn't hear a thing from Dr. O'Malley or his staff. Someone needs to be in charge of doctors and tell them this is unprofessional and unacceptable. 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	Dr. William O'Malley is the very best. I had no problems at all and he only uses one incision for the entire operation. I would recommend him to everyone, if you are lucky enough to be in this area.                                        The one night over night is worth the great care they give you at Highland Hospital. The staff was so pleasant and helpful, the entire experience was great.   I have read so many complaints on the net and now that I have been there I really can't agree. Even the x-ray of stomach wasn't near as bad as some people make it out to be. Some people complain about the liquid you have to drink, well I have to say it wasn't really all that bad.         Thank you all for your care and knowledge that helped me! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	I was Dr. O'Malley's first Canadian patient in Dec, 2002. I had a lap RNY and lost 135 lbs in about 9 months, no complications whatsoever. The weight is still off, too, and my BMI is 25. I have nothing but excellent things to say about my whole experience. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	Dr. O is the best surgeon in the area ... I highly recommend him to anyone looking into RNY (gastric bypass).  He did my surgery in 8/06, and I lost 155 lbs.  The only downside is that I never saw Dr.  O after I left the hospital, but his PA was excellent! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	-1	once the surgery is done the staff will have you call your primary care dr every time you have a problem.  good with a knife only 	1	3	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	1	Fantastic doctor and staff.  I have been a patient for 6 years and have never had any problems -- very attentive, knowledgeable and always very encouraging.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	1	I AM ONE OF DR OMALLEYS CANADIAN PATIENTS.  I HAD MY GASTRIC BYPASS 2 YEARS AGO AND LOST 140 LBS.  DR OMALLEY IS AMAZING.  HE IS SO KNOWLEDGEABLE REGARDING GASTRIC BYPASS AND THE CARE AND CONCERN HE SHOWS HIS PATIENTS IS WONDERFUL.  I WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS DOCTOR FOR GASTRIC BYPASS . BUT DONT THINK ITS A WALK IN THE PARK, HE WILL EXPECT YOU TO DO YOUR PART AS WELL AND STICK TO THE RULES BEFORE AND AFTER. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	Doc O'Malley did my gastric bypass surgery.  He is the best in the area and his practice has grown by leaps and bounds and now takes up practically a whole floor at the hospital.  He has people coming in from Canada to have him do their surgeries.  He really believes in what he is doing - he has saved so many lives.  His success rate is very high.  He is very, very honest with people who come in for information - he holds a seminar that thoroughly explains the surgery and what to expect.  He pulls no punches - he expects you to do your part as well.   Thanks to Doctor O'Malley!  You're the best! 	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
79	1	As a patient who had a herpetic eye on which a trabeculectomy was performed incorrectly, Steven came to the rescue and successfully grafted a piece of my eye over the &quot;too deep&quot; canal that had been cut by another surgeon. His brother, Marc, has successfully seen me thru several virus outbreaks on the same eye, preventing &quot;dentrites&quot; from eating away too much of my cornea. I can highly recommend both from a professional and personal viewpoint.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
79	1	My wife and I have been going to Steven and Marc Odrich for over 15 years. They are the best! We have had surgery for cataracts and glaucoma and they turned out wonderful. They also corrected a botched surgery performed by another doctor. Best of all, both are wonderful smily people.      Lou & Jo M 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	I'm back.   The surgery went smoothly.  I was upset that I could only take tylenol for pain. Guess what.  I didn't even need that.  There was no pain at any time.  I slept thru the procedure.  The people in the office are just as nice as my first visit.  He's just as pleasant.  I'm just so grateful for how everything worked out.  I&quot;m already driving without glasses!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	If he were an orphan, I'd adopt him. He is the sweetest,kindest,and most patient physician. You can ask him all the questions, he's open to it. Did you ever see someone walk when they're happy in their work...he has that up on the heel walk. What a pleasure. I'll be back with part II when I have my procedure. I did some research on him and found things that make me respect him more then most doctors I know. Also, he has a brother who shares the office and he does other eye problems. I didn't meet him so I can't write anything about him...but from what I've read, they are a pretty special pair. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	Dr O'Leary does a wonderful job with his patients and his success rate is phenominal.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
80	1	Dr. O'Leary is great - very knowledgable in his line of work.  His staff is very friendly and helpful and it is easy to get an appt on short notice.  Definitly recommend!! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	I've had Cardiac problems and no one knew what the problem was. I went in and out of CNY hospitals and it wasn't until I went to Crouse Hospital's Cardiology department where I met Dr. Obeid and he diagnosed and treated my problem that day!      The Doctors at Crouse Hospital's Cardiology Department are awesome and the technology far surpasses other hospitals. They've got their act together and Dr. Obeid is awesome! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
82	-1	i went to him and he almost killed me with a bad surgery. he is not honest too. he did not look into my nose with a cam and when i asked him why.&quot; oh i didn't look&quot; then &quot; oh ya the light i have on my head sees very far more than a cam &quot;. i wasn't lucky at all. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
82	-1	This is a bad doctor. I went to him and he asked for surgery from the first time he saw me. His surgery gave me so many problems. I saw 3 other doctors after his surgery and they both tolled me that the surgery was not needed. Do not go to him. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
83	-1	I was very disappointed with Dr. Oh. He repeatedly answered &quot;I don't know&quot; to many of my questions, and did not attempt to help to find a solution. I was hoping for a I am not sure what can be the cause,but lets try these options to figure it out.  	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
84	1	Both Doctors Obligado &amp; Colvin are excellent and take time out to explain and answer your questions.  HIGHLY RECOMMEND!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
84	1	Very eager to help/ do whatever he could. I only saw him while in the hospital but he was very nice, so nice that I would like to see him outside the hospital.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
85	1	An excellent and thorough doctor.  He sometimes has a tendency to hold back and not tell you much, but if you ask he will explain everything.  He is very careful and thorough.  The staff at his practice are wonderful.  They are always cheerful, kind, courteous, and funny.  The same can be said of Dr. O'Gorman.  He is an easygoing, uneffected, humorous guy who keeps your morale up when you need it most.  His office is in an old train station, so the ambiance is unique and uplifting.  I like this doctor and his staff; they knows their stuff and are very good at what they do.  	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
86	-1	This so called doctor is rude,unprofessional, abrasive,nasty,obnoxious-and I have not given you his bad qualities..NEVER go there unless you want to be belittled and abused..he treats patients as his personal pinata-stay away and make skid marks...he is miserable;his mood is strange and makes you feel very uncomfortable.  	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
86	1	Superb doctor, particularly brilliant diagnostician.  I've seen Dr. Odel twice, most recently for progressive, unexplained vision loss in one eye.  Glaucoma, retina and cornea specialists couldn't find the problem.  He is a neuro-ophthalmologist, but even after he quickly determined that the issue wasn't within his subspecialty he wouldn't quit until he found the problem --  a very difficult to diagnose &quot;oil drop&quot; cataract.  Incredibly thorough, a good listener, and, unlike the other poster, I found him to be most personable and engaging. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
86	-1	Very unprofessional in treatment of my daughter and myself. Rude, obnoxious and not helpful. Fee of 900.00 for consultation and 350.00 for a follow up was high for the extent of his service. Most tests done by assistant. 	 3/10/09	1	3	1	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	Dr. Zona is awesome. 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	 	5	5	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
90	-1	in the past i would recommend this facility but my last visit was a horror.  in this economy, i took a half day from work for a physical, i sent my insurance info to the office months before my visit and when i came in, i was told to sign a form that if my insurance didn't cover a procedure that is part of a physical, i would be responsible for the bill.  i asked the office staff to find out if my insurance, that they had for months now, covered whatever doctor o'dowd wanted to do.  the staff told me i had to do that before my visit.  they berated me and insisted i sign the forms or reschedule my appointment.  every doctor that i've ever been to, has office staff that call the insurance comp. on the patients behalf to make sure that procedures are covered.  the staff and office manager were rude, callous, heartless, and clearly incompetent.  to add insult t o injury, instead of apologizing for the staff behavior, o'dowd didn't come to my aid.  odowd and his staff DON'T CARE ABOUT YOU! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	Very humanizing experience to be treated by Dr. O'Keefe. In addition to being a solid doctor, he is an inspiring figure--you can tell when you walk in his office how dedicated he is to using his expertise for the underserved. He is very knowledgable about medicine, without remaining closed minded to non-medicinal alternatives where they are possible. Women, people of color, and LGBT folks can feel at home.  	3	4	5	4 	Insurance:Aetna
92	1	. only NON-ARROGANT doctor in the practice!!!Nice personality 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
92	1	DR. O'Keefe is wonderful. I've been going to him for 21 years, He delivered my two children, and pulled me through a tough menapause.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
92	1	Dr. O'keefe delivered my son via c-section. He was great! I had a great recovery, and barely have a scar... I saw him and Dr. Welishar through-out my pregnancy and I was very happy! 		5	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
93	1	I have been seeing him since 2002. I believe not only is he very dedicated and professional, but he always helps me to look on the bright side of things concerning life and my condition. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
94	1	I am very pleased that I found Dr. O'Brien. He actually listened to what I had to say and worked with me explaining the problems and how they could be treated. One of the best things is that he explained how I could participate in my own recovery and not just use pills!Several of my family and friends now go to him and they are happy too. One person who is elderly had knee pain for over 25 years and was headed for a knee replacement which he did not want. Dr. O'Brien was able to help him with specialized equipment that uses laser therapy and he is walking much better and pain free. Anyway, it has been a very good experience and I think he is an excellent physician.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
94	0	I have been unimpressed by O'Briens seeming lack of interest in anything medical other than trying to hook me into his new laser treatment. The only issue that really sparked his interest (despite validity to some major issues I had to seek treatment for elsewhere) was complaints of knee and joint pain, which he immediately sent me for an MRI.  Of course, after those results came back, it was a full on sales pitch to get me to come for his new &quot;laser&quot; treatments. This laser hasn't been approved as a treatment so they are not covered by insurance. He said he'd &quot;cut me a deal&quot; and only charge my copay per visit, and he stated I would need about 30 of them.  What a crock.  I made an appointment at a specialits for my joints myself who said that O'Brien's magic laser would be a waste for the problem that I have.  The office staff is completely unknowledgeable, and heaven forbid you need to leave a detailed message for the nurses... she's lost!  Needless to say, I have found another Dr! 	 3/9/09	2	1	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
94	-1	I have been a patient for years. His office has an ex-CNA do all the billing and scheduling which causes numerous problems and issues. He loves to diagnose heavy metals and use his new bioflex laser therapy and if you don't get fixed from that he just basically stalls out. O'brien is not a proactive Dr if heavy metals aren't he cause or the bioflex therapy doesn't work. He is a likable guy which is why I stuck around as long as I did but due to the lack of treatment or even a treatment plan I had to move on to a Dr. that was willing and able to work with me and for me to come up w/ a plan of action. Bottom line if you're healthy, have time to wait 45+min past your appointment, or have heavy metal problems Dr. O'brien could help you but if you have serious medical issues requiring action, planing, and follow through your best bet would be to find a Dr. with a better supporting staff and a Dr. with the time energy and compassion to give your condition the attention and planning needed.  	2	1	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
95	1	Great Dr, very helpfull, and kind, he does everything he can to help; his patients 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
95	1	Wonderful doctor!  Very down to earth and easy to talk to!  Also very knowledgeable and helpful with any questions.   Great surgeon - and his PA Mary Kay is wonderful also! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
96	1	. She delivered my 2 children and she was so sweet kind and nuturing! Very informative and I would recomend her and the whole horizon obgyn drs to anyone! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:GHI
96	-1	She's an incompetent doctor with no compassion. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
97	1	Best Dr.  !!!! very knowledgeable knows his practice, very down to earth , speaks to in language that you understand ! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
97	1	Dr. Ogden was amazing. He went through my case and surgery with such detail and care. My symptoms have completely resolved because of him. I am so grateful for his expertise and the great time he spent with me before and after surgery. I cannot recommend him highly enough. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
97	1	Dr. Ogden is the rare combination of an incredibly talented surgeon who is also extremely caring with an outstanding bedside manner.  He has always been willing to answer my myriad questions, to patiently advise and to not immediately recommend surgery.  The staff in the office is also incredibly kind and helpful.  If there were more doctors like Dr. Ogden, our medical system would be in a much better place.  Thank you, Dr.  Ogden! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
97	1	Dr.Ogden Is a fantastic Dr. He spent more then 1 hour with me on my first visit and answered all my questions. He made me totally understand what my problem was and how it can be corrected.I am 53 yrs old and I had central stenosis,bulging disc and Spondylolisthesis.The pain I had was so bad I couldn't stand in one spot for more then 5 min, walking was a problem, pain in my legs and reaching for items was very painful. I had my surgery June 3,2010 and 2 weeks later I feel great... I can walk with hardly any pain ,stand,and reach for things I couldn't do before my surgery. I would highly recommend Dr. Ogden 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
97	-1	This was the WORST experience of my entire life.  Dr. Ogden is RUDE and ARROGANT and CONDESCENDING.  The office staff hate him as much as most of the patients.  I was told by a nurse that he is the most hated man in the department and probably the whole hospital.  He deserves it.  My surgery was a disaster in no small part due to his lack of attention to my particular case and his general attitude.  I would not let him operate on my dog.  Get another doctor.  He is really the worst person in addition to being a horrible doctor. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
98	1	I took my father to him. He is very nice,and helpful. He spent good amount of time talking to us, explaining our treatment options; he did not rush us. He is very respectful and knowledgeable. I would recommend him to friends and family, for first or second opinion. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
98	1	Very knowledgeable and thorough. I felt very confident that he knew his stuff.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
99	1	Great staff and great doctor,  He is very kind, helpful, knowledgable and will take the time to explain. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
99	1	After relocating to Middletown, NY, It took a while to find a Pediatrician I both trust and feel comfortable with but I did find these most important qualities in Dr. OHern! 	4	4	5	3 	Insurance:Unknown
