dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	-1	Would not give me a straight answer on the procedure that I wanted done.  He does not deal well with educated women who want a say in their medical care.  He tried to diagnosis me with several medical problems that made no sense with my medical history &amp; with opinions that I received from other OBGYNs. 	2	4	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
1	-1	Bad bedside manners!!!!!! Just bad!! He talk down to me.  I felt like a child in his office 	3	3	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	1	He is not the nicest person on earth but he is a wounderful dentist i have been seeing him for 12 years. One day I went to another dental office because it was closer to school and ya everyone was nice but the dental work sucked I am in pain so I am going to see my good old Doc. asap.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
2	-1	 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
2	-1	needs to retire...yesterday.   worst dental nightmare i have ever had. 	2	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	I have had to have a few teeth taken out, i was neverious and he was able to put me under and pull my teeth.  he and his staff are always helpful and he ALWAYS takes me as a walk in when my teeth are in pain. he is the only dentist i will go to if you are in pain he will see you as a walk in he and his staff are always there for me.  on day i broke my tooth i called him to leave a message at 5:30 am by 6:15 he called me back and told me to come on in he fixed me tooth and i was at work by 9:00 he is the best! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
2	-1	Dr. Osofsky must be one of the most unpleasant people I've ever encountered. I can't think of a worse person to invite to care for my teeth. I would highly discourage anyone in their right mind from visiting his practice.  There are many talented dentists in the Albuquerque area who will provide top quality care without such a terrible attitude. 	1	5	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	he is very caring and compassionate and takes his time with you. his staff is great 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	I loved her so much. She made me feel so comgortable. When i had developed bad ovary twisting cysts she made sure i was properly and proptly taken care of. I also miss our visits and am tring to find her since she left northside.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
4	1	She's the PA not a doctor at the Pres. Northside OB/Gyn branch. I saw her for every other prenatal visit I had at this practice.  Great bedside manner, patient, &amp; talks to you about all your concerns.  She's extremely bright &amp; knowledgeable &amp; helped me resolve another long-plaguing bothersome medical problem that went overlooked for sometime.   Can't speak about the other person that commented about her, but my experience w/her was wonderful &amp; miss my visits w/them! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
4	-1	First of all, she didn't do a proper pelvic exam during my annual check up. I ended up in urgent care the very next day with a large ovarian cyst. I had a follow up appt with her a couple days later when she decided was a good time to do a proper pelvic exam and confirmed that there was infact a cyst. But that was it... she didn't set any expectations with me, I didn't know what to expect or how to treat it. One day I had an excrutiating pain where the cyst was, called her, and she told me it was normal. I went on for several weeks still experiencing pain and disomfort. So she ordered another ultrasound. The ultrasound showed no cyst, so we concluded that it probably ruptured that day I got the sharp pain. Fine... except that 2 weeks went by and I was still in pain, she once again didn't set expectations with me. So I called to see if the persisting pain was normal. She acted irritated that I called in. But I shouldn't have had to.  	3	1	1	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
5	1	. Dr Okun is respectful, knows hows to communicate and is incredibly smart 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	-1	Very rude and uncaring physician.  I had a complication with my pregnancy and she was not caring in any way shape or form.  She was not even sure about the equipment she was using when examining me.  I did not feel she was qualified even though her education is impressive.  I would NEVER see her for a future pregnancy or recommend her to anyone.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
5	1	I have been seeing Dr. Okun for years. She was my OB for both my kids and took great care of us.  	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
5	0	Had a cancer spot that she cut off twice and seemed to think it was kind of funny.  The second time I started bleeding at home and tried to have her see me back at the office, but she wouldn't and I was just told to go to the hospital.  Long story short, I was in the hospital until 2:00 pm just waiting which wasn't necessary if she had just let me come back to the office. Won't be back to her.  	3	3	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	She does not spend much time with us during appoitments. One of her staff is very rude. She might be experianced and knowledgeble but does not make us feel at home. 	2	4	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	Dr. Otero made me feel very comfortable, took good care of me, kept me up to date on the tests being run and was always available for questions and concerns that I had. He worked very hard for me, and I would DEFINITELY recommend him to anyone in this area.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	Very patient and knowledgable 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	Excellent ER doc. He was caring, compassionate and knew what he was talking about.  I saw Dr. Okoloise after I had already seen 3 other physicians for the same thing and he was the only doctor that was able to accurately diagnose me. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	He was super nice.  Spent extra time explaining the results of all my tests, including my bloodwork and CT scan, which he showed me all the images and explained which organ was which. Definitely wasn't like some of the other ER doctors I've seen in the past.  Extremely personable. Wish he had an office. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	-1	He's not compassionate and he has bad bedside manners. 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	The best dermatologist you could ask for.  He worked with my daughter on her acne, when she was a teen, she was literally crying in his office and he told her, &quot;Don't worry, we are going to make this better&quot; and he did.  Changed her whole self esteem.  Recently I went to him myself because of a mole, again, very knowledgable and very compassionate.  Also has a good sense of humor. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	-1	Did not listen to patient, very arrogant, gave an off base diagnoses without doing any research or showing any interest in finding out the real problem 	5	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	I have been his patient for several years now.  He is knowledgeable and thorough and has taken care of several pre-cancers for me.  Recommended.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	Dr. Ondo is very observant to skin problems such as pre cancers.  He has taken care of skin problems for both my husband and me.  We trust him with our dermatalogy medical problems.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
9	1	Appointments are always on time.  Sent my daughter to him.  Very knowledgeable and has done a great job for me.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	Quite a wait to get an appointment with this guy. However, he seemed quite knowledgable. Went once, but wouldn't mind going again to him. 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
10	-1	. Dr could not help me or refer me, i have tailbone pain (coccyx) for 3 years, not sure what he was looking for had me redo my x-ray still not satisfied so he said he will talk to radiologist &amp; get back to me, no one ever did, i called twice &amp; left messages with nurse, still nothing, I am just very disappointed!! 	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	1	Although Dr Osmani couldn't help me with my spinal and neck problems (nothing found on MRI's or X-rays) I found him to be very knowledgeable in his field and consider him an excellent caring Physician.  I would highly recommend him and if I needed an orthopedic Doctor, he is definitely the one I would choose.  	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Medicare
10	1	I had a severe neck pain that was causing me daily headache. This doctor saved my life and I am back to normal now. He is extremely knowledgeable and devoted to his patients. He is a great asset to our community. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	I love this doctor he is the most compassionate and caring doc. Very knowledgeable and spends ample of time explaining the problems about my back. I highly recommend him.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
10	1	Did an excellent job on my back. Explained problems in my neck very well. Is developing a more compassionate view toward patients - not so demanding as when he started out. Scheduling is not the most efficient. Allow one hour from arrival to leaving but he will spend about 30 minutes with a patient.  		3	4	5 	Insurance:Medicare
11	-1	Dr.Olivares answer to almost every aliment is to give an antibiotic, before further considerations to the illness.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	1	Dr. Olivares answered my question throughly and explained in detail my conditon. I went to him because of the positive comments I heard about him from friends and family. They were right. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	-1	Too eager to give medications without necessary monitoring/precautions. Records incomplete/inaccurate. 		4	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	After a botched surgery by another podiatrist left me incapacitated and in constant pain, Dr. Ochs performed corrective surgery. His knowledge and surgical skills are outstanding, and his staff is fabulous! I only wish I'd gone to him initially.I was in better condition after only 6 days than I was with the other doctor after more than 6 months. I highly recommend Dr. Ochs! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	Changed insurance companies and I was at first pissed.  But Dr. Ochs is the best I've seen so far.  My mother got refered from Dr. Mermon and he is much more active then my previous doctors. Here comes our food.  Thanks Dr. Ochs 	 3/9/12	4	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
12	0	He works for the presbyterian hospital group of doctors so it was hard to get refered out for needed test from doctors not on the Presbyterian plan. 	2	3	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	Great doctor! Saved my grandfarther.Very knowlegeble and caring. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	Dr Ochs took time to ask exactly what had happened, and then explained clearly what he could do, and the expected outcome. I appreciated his willingness to keep me well informed of my options and to work with me on what would be the best treatment for me. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	Jorge and his staff are first rate. I have only good things (and a much improved smile!) to say about them!  Super-professional and very skilled.  Combined with a kind and caring attitude, they can't be beat! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
13	1	Dr. Oti is the best dentist I've ever had.  He is very bright, dedicated, talented, and kind. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	Great service and wonderful staff.   Beautiful office 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
14	-1	Horrific bed side manner, couldn't have been more bothered by our presence in the Peds Urgent Care. Told me my daughter just had a feverto give her tylenol &amp; not to come back. Too bad she had a raging pneumonia and we ended up in the ER 2 days later 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	A complete and knowledgable cardiologist 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	0	This guy appears very competent, but has an attitude that seems at times flip. It is hard to not really write about the staff, which is large, because they have at times bungled things badly. He has also done things like just cut off a prescription without giving me a couple of months to go back and see him. He requires a visit for a urinary tract infection, even though that is seldom the practice. He takes Presbyterian insurance, btw. 	2	4	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
17	-1	It's not so much the doctor. It's the stafff. I went to the doctor for a reason and have not been able to get an answer. 	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
17	-1	I was a patient of Dr. O'Sullivan for around five years.  Most of the time my RA was in remission, but during the occasional flare, including a couple of rather serious flares, I had trouble getting him to understand my pain.  He is abrupt, does not like to listen to the patient.  Seems to be in a big hurry all the time.  Never gave me more than ten minutes in an appointment.  Sometimes seemed distracted, tapping his pen on the table and staring at the wall while I described my symptoms.  I now wonder why it took me so long to fire him and find another rheumatologist.  	5	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	-1	I wasted so much time and money going to see Mr O'Sullivan (He doesn't deserve the title Dr.). Everytime I went to see him I informed him of my constant pain, and different symptoms. He always looked at me like he didn't believe me because nothing showed abnormal in the blood test he ran. My last appointment with him after complaining of jaw and finger pain he told me to get a mouth guard and drink tonic water. Finally I found a real Dr. that knew what she was doing and the right test to run. She found several concerns in the blood work and X-Rays that &quot;Dr.&quot; O'Sullivan never bothered to do. At this point I am in so much pain and can barely walk at times. My bones have become soft. But I feel confident in Dr. Nunez, the medicine she just started to prescribed is slowly working, and now I have hope.  	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
