dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	Dr.  Quillen 5 stars! dont judge his office he is a great doctor and did 2 surgeries for me and I cant complain 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
1	1	Dr. Quillen is an outstanding surgeon who has extensive knowledge, as well as a great bedside manner.  He truly cares about each and every patient.  When you go in to see him; he listens to you. He is a top surgeon! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
1	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
2	-1	Horrible experience. I went in for an ear infection and he told me to lay down.  Without any warning of the incoming pain, he he pushed down on a sensitive area of my ear with what felt like a needle.  Worse yet, while still holding down and causing the pain, he called over one of the staff and asked them to take a look and guess what the problem was.  Prior to that, while making small talk, he was condescending in the questions he asked and talked down to me with my responses to my college education.  I have no way to rate his knowledge, since he did not give any explanation to what he was doing or why.  No bedside manner at all.  	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
2	0	Wow, that was a fairly traumatic experience.  I guess Dr. Quraishi doesn't believe it's important that he inform patients of what he's doing.  I went in for an ear cleaning, he told me to get up on the table and the next thing I knew I was in serious pain, of which I would very much have appreciated advanced warning or at the very least acknowledgment.  He never explained what he did, what medicines or preparations he used, just gave me a stern warning not to use headphones and to come back in four months.  I will be returning in four months but not to him.  I guess in retrospect I'm not surprised that I could get in to see him anytime while most others were booking 2 to 3 weeks in advance.  	4	5	1	4 	Insurance:Oxford
2	1	had my thyroid taken out(2 operations)at Holy Name- he knows what he's doing-very thorough; mannerisms may be bit odd to some, but he gets the job done! I would recommend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	0	Did not prepare me for pain discomfort during wax removal procedure. Concerned only with getting the job done and not my discomfort.  	3	3	1	5 	Insurance:Medicare
3	1	. Kind, friendly, understanding, gentle, funny, and most importantly -- very skilled! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
4	1	Finally a doctor who listens to his patients! I received excellent care there and found no misgivings regarding insurance trouble. Dr. Qureshi is well respected in his community and has been wronged by another doctor who is also in pain management. Dr. Qureshi is very respectful and kind and I miss him tremendously. He does not deserve to in a compromised position when he did NOT do anyting wrong.  I would see him again in a heartbeat! He truly is a doctor that you can trust! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	NO MATTER WHAT ANY BODY SAYS .HE IS A GREAT DOCTOR &amp;  EXCELLENT HUMAN BEING. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	-1	the staff is rude. I asked how long is the wait and she said, &quot;I don't know.&quot; Another patient had to leave and told the staff that he was there waiting for three hours!! The hour I waited there was not one person coming out of his office. This is no way to treat patients.  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Medicare
5	1	Dr. Quinones has been our family doctor for over 10 years. He's the best family doctor ever! We've moved an hour and a half away and still visit him regularly. We refuse to change doctors. Once you have a great doctor, you never want to change. And that's how I feel about Dr. Quinones and his professional staff. He's simply the best in New Jersey... period! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
5	-1	DO not listen to the other comments It's a lie .. The wait is sooo long why have an appointment! The staff is Rude beyond comprehension. I was misdiagnose and treated wrong for 5 years. The doctor said i was Type 2 Diabetes and had me on pills to control my diabetes i was 120pnds i am 5-11&quot; looked like i was dieing and i was for 5yrs until my wife made an appointment for a specialist and i was then diagnosed properly as a Type 1 diabetic with insulin. I could have died and i am 28yrs.Old .. Do not take this doctors first opinion on a diagnosis you made find yourself to be like me! His staff was so RUDE I asked how long will it be since i had been waiting almost 2HRS and the receptions replied was &quot;DONT WORRY ABOUT IT &quot; there Rude and Ghetto Stay away i warn you there are plenty of Drs.  who will diagnose you the right way and you won't have to deal with there Ghetto staff 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	He's a good doctor but most of the time, his office is packed, so bring a book. But overall, my husband and I like him. He's nice and makes you feel comfortable and answers your questions knowledgeably.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
5	1	He gives medicine a delightful twist. He knows when to be serious and knows when to have fun. I always leave with great medical advice and a smile.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	He is the most knowledgeable doctor! He spends the time to be with his patient, often drawing pictures to help you understand. The only drawback is that because he has alot of patients, you might have to wait 2 hours even with an appt.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
5	1	Dr. Quinones is a rarity in the field of medicine. Not only is he down to earth and amazingly knowledgeable, he also returns phone calls personally! Dr. Q has helped me make more progress with some difficult to diagnose symptoms than any other Dr., including high priced, obnoxious, specialists. He speaks to you in a manner which will truly give you an idea of what is going on, and also how to best assist in your own treatment. He speaks both Spanish and English, as does his attentive and sympathetic staff. The only minus... The wait can be quite long, let's hope he gets some equally talented docs to come work at his practice. 	 4/23/07		2	5	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	doc and staff are very friendly.. patiently outlined all our options and suggested the best option for us..  very happy we are blessed with a baby boy 	4	5	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	1	One of the best doctor i ever seen and he is excellent! It's amazing experience with him and this clinic. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	awesome! Love him! He made my husband and I feel comfortable and helped made our dreams come true! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	he the best dr i hv ever come across...for me he is the best.. just love him! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
6	1	My husband is a federal employee, so our fertility treatments were not covered so we paid a lot for IVF.  But, I am carrying two beautiful baby boys so, it is all worth it.  Dr. Quasim explained everything and was trusting and caring.  The staff was pretty good although some attitude.  They made sure that I was able to have early appointments because of my long commute.   I am happy with everything! 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	1	Very positive experience with dr.  and staff! Everybody friendly and patient 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
6	1	Love this doctor, he's the best.  He is very caring and is geniunely excited for you when you do finally become pregnant and he will make sure you do. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	I can honestly say Dr. Qasim is one of my favorite doctors. He has a wonderful personality, is very knowledgeable, thorough, and caring. We felt very comfortable under his treatment and feel he has helped our dreams come true. His staff is also very professional and helpful with anything that we ever needed.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
6	1	Dr Qasim is a great doctor if he is in charge of your treatment.  IF you are left to be tended to by the other doctor Rahul Sachev, you are in big trouble. The clinical staff are rude and obnoxious and i would not recommend this clinic at all.  	1	1	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	1	After death of our son, we saw Dr. Qasim as we were totally devastated. He gave us hope. He helped us find an egg donor, which turned out to be an excellent match for us. He led us through the whole process in a very caring way. After transfer of two embryos, there was a single pregnancy the first time and we have a beautiful son. My wife is pregnant the second time after Dr. Qasim transferred two frozen embryos. This time we are expecting twins. We are so excited and we cannot thank Dr. Qasim enough for what he has don for us. He is very knowledgeable and thorough. He gets deeply involved in helping the patient. We have seen him numerous times during two pregnancies and we have absolute confidence in his abilities. I strongly recommend Dr. Qasim to anyone. The whole staff is highly professional and very helpful. Dr. Feng, Kevin and Erica are all wonderful.  AK 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	Were do i begin, wow what an amazing experience with his entire practice. Dr Qasim is one of the most caring and involved individual i have ever met!!  I am now pregnant with twins after one round of IUI, There aren't enough words to express how lucky we were to find Dr quasi, he is amazing.  His staff was extremely caring and whenever you had questions they would get back to right away!!  Thank you Dr quasi, Lisa and paul:) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	1	Dr. Qasim and his staff are very professional. He gave us moral support and encourage us not to lose hope. Now my wife is 8 weeks pregnant. More power to you Dr. Qasim.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
6	1	I had a great experience with Dr.Qasim's office. I had IVF and being a physician myself I had a hectic schedule and was worried about rigorous involvement with IVF. But thanks to Dr.Qasim, his nurse victoria and the great staff, it was a very easy and pleasurable experience. I felt I received a very personal treatment and would would recommend Dr.Qasim and their center to anyone without any hesitations 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	After visiting 4 reproductive Med.facilities with unsuccessful results from 2 offices after 10 IUI and 2 offices refusing to give us a chance to enjoy God’s best gift.None of the other Drs we met with would agree to IVF.I'm 35 and I had high FSH levels/30.With the medicine I produced only 3-4 eggs.In Jan 2010 we had our initial appt. at Dr SunaQasims office in Edison, NJ.During our visit he stated “The odds are not on our side, however, I promise to give you that chance at IVF that you are asking for and help you and the results will be up to God.” If all doctors had the wonderful staff as he does and doctors thought like Dr.Qasim instead of worrying about their #s this world would be a better place for the people looking for medical help.  We thank ALL at the Center for Advanced Reproductive Med. &amp; Fertility from the bottom of our hearts.1 IVF from this wonderful place and we are expecting our baby boy 1-11-11.  The Dr. put back 3 good cell embryos and 1 took. U only need one!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	1	I'm extremely HAPPY with Dr Qasim he is the most caring, understanding, knowledgeable, professional Dr I have met. Most Drs didn't even look at my medical record, once I was in Dr Qasim's office he told me my medical history better than I knew it myself!I have jumped from Dr to Dr and FINALLY I'm in the hands I was hoping to be in.  From a scale of 1-10 he is 100!!!! that's How SATISFIED I am with him!  Ruth DDM 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
6	1	Excellent doctor and very professional. One must be fortunate to meet Dr Qasim. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	I can't say enough about Dr Qasim, he is wonderful. He was thorough and knowledgable, and after years of infertility, we now have 3 beautiful daughters, thanks to him. He handled our infertility with professionalism and sensitivity. The office staff was wonderful as well. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	Dr. Qasim is UNBELIEVABLE! I have been to another infertility doc in Edison and there is NO comparison. We got down to business right away and started to deal with the infertility issues immediately.  He is SO knowledgeable, caring and professional! I HIGHLY RECOMMEND HIM! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	I was a patient of Dr. Qualter's for almost 40 yrs. He just about saw me grow up. Unfortunately I relocated to Laurence Harbor NJ, and have since found another pcp because of the travel time.  I truly miss the caring, concern and intelligence of this man. There is none to compare. Yes, he will send you to a specialist of high caliper if he felt it may be beyond his scope of practice. This was  definitely a strong point, one that I admired and respected.  No matter how busy he was, he would spend as much time as needed with you and answer all of your questions, and always would call you back himself if you left a message for him to do so. You just can't find physicians with this much caring anymore.   He is truly missed! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	he is the best doctor i've ever been to -- kind and funny. great bedside manner. has patients smiling no matter what.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
7	1	Dr. Qualter is trully one-of-a-kind.  A great doctor and a great person.  His knowledge base is broad, his patience is innate, and his care is superb.  I've been going to him for 31 years and I always know he's got my back.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
7	1	Dr Qualter is a very good Doctor. One thing about him if he doesn't know what is going on with you he will send you to a specialist to get to the root of the problem. He will also sit and listen to you as long as you need him to.  	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	A doctor with a lot of experience.Up to date ideas but with an old fashion approach.  	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
8	1	This is our child's pediatrician- from the time he was born, she has been avaiable for our late night worry first parent calls! She is very easy to get a hold of and will not stop caring.  I really felt that she took the time with us being first time parents and I can appreciate that so much.  Although the office may be small etc its clean and I never have to wait.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	. She is very careful, patient and caring 	5	5	5	4 	Insurance:Aetna
10	1	The entire experience was pleasant and after years of discomfort, I am now pain free.  Thanks to Dr. Queler's surgery on me. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	Dr. Suna Qasim,  We just wanted to thank you for your excellent service provided while we were under your care, and we also appreciate “the human” touch you provided as part of the care we received.  I want to share with you the wonderful news about my pregnancy. Because of you, our dream is so much closer to becoming true.  Last April, I underwent IVF and got pregnant.  I am 23 weeks pregnant now with a healthy baby girl.  Our experience was perfect. My introductory meeting with Dr. Suna Qasim, left me feeling optimistic: he answered all my questions, made me feel exited to begin and I trusted his words that he would get me pregnant (after God).  We truly appreciate everything you did for us and I would definitely come back to you in the future when we plan to have another child and I would recommend your center to my friends that have challenges in getting pregnant.   Our special thanks to you for the wonderful gift you have given us.    Sincerely,      Joseph &amp; Jamal 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	0	I think Dr.Quaglia is reasonably knowledgeable, and his office staff, with the exception of the nurse that fills the prescriptions, is exceptionally pleasant and friendly. He is definately a bit arrogant and egotistical, a friend and I always laugh at his comments and remarks to us at our visits. He always sends me to a specialist when I ask, but he does appear insulted, like he knows it all. When the specialist send him their report, he's always remarking, &quot;I knew that, you didn't need a specialist to tell you the course of treatment.&quot; Overall he is a good Dr., with a poor bed side manner.  	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	1	I have been a patient of Dr Quaglia's for several years. He is a very good doctor and has diagnosed me correctly on every occasion. He is very to the point, so if you take that as bad bedside manors than its your problem. His assistant on the other hand is rude but she is not the doctor.  I am not a friend or family member 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	-1	Dr. Quaglia misdiagnosed me for months. I endured months of pain and lost months of treatment because of his mistake. I would not recommend him at all.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
12	1	Very knowledgeable.  Very friendly.  Great staff.  Great bedside manner.  I recommend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
12	-1	Dr. Quaglia is arrogant, ignorant and egotistical. He thinks he's a know-it-all. He misdiagnosed my friend's husband and caused his death by doing so. He is above talking with his patients. He also misdiagnosed another person who had been taken to the hospital and caused severe complications that permanently and totally disabled this individual. IF YOU VALUE YOUR HEALTH OR LIFE DO NOT BE A PATIENT OF DR. QUAGLIA'S - he's only in it for the money. Also, I believe those favorable ratings about Dr. Quaglia are probably his friends or relatives because he is definitely the worst physician I have ever seen.  	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:Oxford
12	0	Dr. Qualglia seems knowledgeable but he doesn't have very good bedside manner. He was rude and arrogant when I went for a visit.He really did not want me to ask questions. I have every right to inquire about my condition and medication being prescribed to me. I already was feeling bad I can do wothout the rude and sarcastic behavior. I am going to switch physicians. In addition some of the staff at the facility is not very friendly. It's almost as if they do not want you to come to the office. I felt the need to explain a reason for my visit other than my symptoms. I got a feeling that Dr. Qualglia didn't care for people very much or perhaps burned out from his profession.  	2	4	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Quaglia's for several years and have never experienced any problems. He listens to what you have to say and sends you to specialists and for tests as warranted. His staff also calls you with test results when they receive them. Dr. Quaglia also  cares for my parent in a nursing home, the staff at the facility has commented on his in person regular visits to see about his patients, stating that they see him frequently visiting the patients he has in the facility. I myself, have seen him at the nursing home after 8pm where he was there seeing one of his patients. I would reccomend Dr. Quaglia to anyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	-1	Dr. Quaglia always entered the room with a catty attitude almost like he didn't want to be bothered, breezed through everything in the most surprising fashion, never fully listened to my symptoms before rudely cutting me off and interrupting me to insult me to incorrectly diagnose a condition that was very severe. Only after reluctantly but aggressively arguing with him did he send me for further testing which obviously pointed to the problem. I've never been treated in such a manor, he has told me more than once that I don't know what I'm talking about&#63;&#63;&#63; excuse me&#63;&#63; but I know my body better than anyone else and if you do not believe me as to what my symptoms are...you are of no use to me.. 	 4/14/09	3	3	2	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	Mr Quaglia knows a lot, including how to make money.  My personal dislike is that he seems mostly compared about just that - money.  He has requested what I believe to be unimportant tests and also prescribed the more expensive brands of pills with no obvious benefit for the cost.  	4	3	2	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
12	-1	This man thinks he knows everything and knows NOTHING.  He has prescribed the wrong medication to me and my which made the conditions WORSE.  Stay away and don't be fooled.  Very dangerous man.  	3	5	1	1 	Insurance:Oxford
12	1	THE SMARTEST MAN ON THE PLANET!!!! HIS KNOWLEDGE IS INCREDIBLE AND HE IS SURE TO EXPLAIN EVERYTHING ABOUT YOUR CARE IN WORDS THAT YOU WILL UNDERSTAND. I RECOMMEND HIM TO EVERYONE.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	1	Dr. Quaglia is an excellent physician. I have been seeing him for years and so do my friends and family members. He's caring and understanding.  I recommend him to everyone! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	1	. For such an intelligent and personable doctor, somebody please tell me WHY he keeps such a horrible front desk staff&#63;  Time for a little house cleaning, Dr Q! 	1	1	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
13	1	I really like Dr. Quadrel but can no longer tolerate his staff.  Unfortunately I am going to have to change doctors - even though he is an excellent doctor.  His staff are extremely rude and unhelpful.  	1	1	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
13	1	Dr. Quadrel is a fine physician in every respect. He has a great bed side manner, he takes the time to explain things and is good at following up after the appt. Additionally, he does not watch the clock and limit you to 15min appts. In my last few appts, he has spent about half hour - 45 min with me. I trust Dr. Quadrel and he has proven to be an effective physician. I would have no reservation in recommending him as a primary doctor. However, I must say, that I echo the comments here concerning his office staff. His one nurse (I do not recall her name, should not be in the business of nursing. Simply put, she should consider another career, one that does not involve healthcare. His front office staff could use a few lessons in customer service and just plain kindness. Nothwithstanding this, Dr. Quadrel is a good physician.  	1	2	4	4 	Insurance:Aetna
13	1	Dr.Quadrel is an extremily competent physician. His bedside manner is the best of any physician I have met.In addition to his advanced clinical knowlege and intelligence he takes the time to explain things at a laypersons level and answers all questions asked.The fact that there is usually a long wait in the waiting room is not a concern when it comes to my health.I understand that most patients are scheduled for 15 min. visits and that Dr Q has always spent the time needed to care for me,even 45 to 60 mins.despite having a 15 min.appt..If this is the reason I have to wait long it is well worth it.There are many doctors who are prompt with appts. but will not give a min. more than scheduled, requesting you to make another appt. to take care other problems.Dr Q has a great sense of humor always making me feel comfortable no matter how sick I am.I would recommend him to anyone except those not willing to wait for excellent care or prefer the quick in/out practice of medicine.  	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	1	DR OUADREL HAS BEEN MY DR FOR ALMOST 10 YEARS I WILL ALWAYS RECCOMEND HIM TO EVERYONE IKNOW HE IS THE BEST DR I HAVE EVER BEEN TO SO WHAT IF I HAVE TO WAIT 	4	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	We LOVE Dr Q! He is intelligent, caring and we trust him.  While the staff is rude, his nurse is worse. She talks down to people and was so insistent about the cause for a test result that she all but called us stupid. Turns out she was WRONG but never apologized. Dr Q needs to surround himself with people more like him and everyone would be happy.  	1	2	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
13	1	Dr Q is one of the most caring,efficient and knowledgable doctors I have seen. His bed-side manner is wonderful and he puts his patients at ease because he LISTENS to them. He always prescribes correctly and when I need a referral to another MD, they are always impressed with his previous treatment. I sometimes have to wait for my appointment, but I don't mind because I know that when I see him he will spend as much time as I need for my problem. My family is lucky to have him as a doctor.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	1	I have been seeing Dr Q for over 12 years, yes it is true that the support staff in his group is often rude and the turnover is high. That is a minor issue for me. Dr Q saved my life, I was misdiagnosed and thanks to his dedication, my disease was correctly diagnosed and easily treated. Dr Q is kind, caring,compassionate and just a great person. As a doctor he is thorough, consisitant and is not afraid to say I am not sure, let me look up that medication to see the side effects. I am so grateful to have a doctor that will call you back. While my husband and I were on vaction in California we came down with sinus problems due to airtravel. He called in Rx and we were able to have the Rx transferred to Drug store in CA. Dr Q is the Best Doctor around and the most important factor is that I trust him. 	2	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	-1	Although friendly, doesn't seem to be proactive and show a real interest in his patients. Superficial would be an appropriate word. 	4	3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	Dr. Quadrel is very nice, but his office staff is terrible. I agree with the other rating here. They (especially Chris) are rude, inconsiderate and condescending. I had to argue with Chris to get test results and to discuss them. Too bad because Dr. Quadrel seemed to be an excellent doctor.  		2	4	4 	Insurance:Aetna
13	1	Dr. Quadrel's office is awful - the receptionists are mean & inconsiderate. However, Dr. Quadrel himself seems to be a great doctor. He has a good bedside manner. 		2	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	Dr. Quigley is a rare find as a physician.  My mother was very ill with mulitple conditions.  Dr. Quigley telephoned our home and my cell phone on occassion during the initial treatment of my mother to check on her.  Dr. Quigley addressed my mother's need in order of priority and doctored her to the managible state of her present condition.  When necessary, Dr. Quigley referred my mother to specialist for various conditions.  All that being said, The Hinmon family count Dr. Quigley as a God-send.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
14	-1	Went to him for a bunch of problems and he immediately wanted to prescribe pills for everything instead of coming up with alternatives.  Then had me take a few test (blood, stool, etc) and never called with the results.  It's now been over 2 months and when I recently called the staff was rude.  I will not be going back. 	1	4	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
14	-1	very short, dosen't like to give out answers or advice. says my child is not sick and gives him nothing, we always end up back there within 3 /or 4 days with a very sick child..breathing treatments, antibiotics. hes too quick to dismiss. spends very lil time with patients, acts like hes in a hurry every time.  	2	2	2	2 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
15	1	Caring and compassionate and knowledgeable.  Not only a great acupuncturist, but knowledgeable about nutrition and helpful exercises to strengthen help ease the pain.   Great bedside manner too! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
15	1	Dr. Annie Qu is one of the most helpful and compassionate doctors that I have ever met. She is continuously researching and always shares her information with her patients and offers so much expertise and insight into so many different illnesses. I truly thank God for finging her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	1	. she is very nice and knowledgeable and spent time explaining everything 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	1	Extremely profession in knowledge and application. This was my first ever acupuncture treatment. The Dr relived an extremely painful condition with my back locked, when Chiropractic and physical therapy were unsuccessful, Have recommended her to several others. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	Professional, caring, highly experienced Acupuncturist.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
15	-1	unprofessional 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
16	-1	Dr. Qazi had done nothing for my child in years of going to the office.  I have requested taht my child see only Dr Schlacter.  She makes judgements and is very cold.  My child was almost always diagnosed as &quot;allergies&quot; and usually was not/do not recommend 	5	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	The best pediatrician ever! Knowledgeable, patient, and caring. The office is great as well. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	While shopping around for Lumineers dentist I found Dr.  Quiglyi knew the moment I walked into office and met the entire staff that I had found my dentist! I am so excited for my new teeth and new dentist 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	1	Dr. Q is the best! I travel over an hour to see him..great doctor, surgon, person...dont go to anyone else! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	Just waited 1 hr 15 minutes in waiting room.  Then another 15 minutes in an exam room for a 10 minute interview and 5 minute ultrasound.  Never even me this supposed &quot;awesome doctor&quot; and never will.  Not going back.  Terrible service and experience.  	1	1	2	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	1	I love this practice, especially my Dr. Q! I could switch to a dr locally, but I'm willing to travel 30 mins becasue of him. he's knowledgeable, patient, great sense of humor, which helps a lot when you're pregnant for 40 weeks with twins, are laying on the table and can't bring yourself to get a spinal... the staff is always very helpful.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
18	-1	I did not have a good experience with Dr Quartell.  For someone thatts been a practice for soooo many years should know what to do when it comes to fibroids surgery.  He chose to do a robatic surgery on me, where he gets paid more money instead of abdominal..  I will NEVER refer him to anyone.  Hes NOT to be trusted 	2	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
18	-1	I was reffered by dr greenseid (my fertility dr) to see dr quartel in regards to my fibroids surgery. I had three fibroids. One huge one in my uterus and two hanging on the side of my uterus  The reason why I was doing the surgery was to take the fibroids inside my uterus out because that was the major reason for my fertility. I was really hesitant about the surgery and wanted it a minimal invasive surgery.  Dr  quartel ensured me that laproscopic syrgery would be the way to go.   I did the surgery and dr quartel stated that everything went fine and that I'm ready to do ivf. A few months later I went to see dr greenseid ( clueless fertility dr from irms) stated that my fibroids are still very much still in my uterus AND my fallopian tubes got messed up during surgery.     If he had told me that doing the surgery robotically would mess up my tubes AND removing the fibroids in my uterus is impossible. I would have done it abdominally. I would NEVER refer him.  He's all about the money 	3	3	2	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
18	1	This Dec 14 will be the one year anniversary of my laproscopic hysterectomy performed by Dr Q. The man is a miracle worker - he changed the quality of my life a complete 360 degrees, even though the level of surgery was a 8/10 in terms of complexity. Dr Q's bedside manners are superlative and his quirky sense of humor put me at complete ease. His staff embodies his work ethic as well -they are warm, caring and very personable. Dr Q is simply the BEST! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	I've read the comments on Dr. Q. and all I have to say is that he is just wonderful. He is very busy, but that's because he is one of the best. He delivered my 2nd son. After having such a terrible experience with my 1st OBGYN I switched to Dr. Q., and it was the best decision. He is personable, spent ample time with me during appointments, and answered all my questions in detail. His staff was extremely polite (I don't know who you were dealing with). They're almost too nice and were very sympathetic to my issues. I would def. recommend him. He's amazing! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	Dr.Quartell is the best OB I have ever gone to! I went to several Dr.s years ago who told me I had endometriosis and better hurry and try to have children... Well I went to Dr. QUartell who said I required a simple Leap procedure in office I did NOT have endometriosis and guess what&#63; I got pregnant 3 times without even trying! First shot for all three children. I love Dr.  Quartell and so does my husband his personality is wonderful! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Quartell's for many years. He is an amazing doctor.  During both of my pregnancies he made me feel like I was his only patient.  His office staff is courteous and professional.  My husband even found Dr. Quartell and his staff wonderful, especially when he saw how they treated me when I had some minor complications during my second pregnancy.  My little girl is 2 years old and if it weren't for Dr. Quartell and the rest of his staff she would not be here today! I highly reccomend Dr. Quartell to any women seeking an experienced and caring doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	-1	When I had to go through a major surgery and decision that would effect the rest of my life, Dr. Quartell did not come through for me. After my first visit with Dr. Q, I thought that his staff at the receiptoin desk was rude.  After deciding to move forward with him, I scheduled the appt., when I called to discuss some major concerns and questions, I was told by one of his nurses (who was the rudest person I've ever spoken to and so unsympathetic), that the doctor was too busy to speak to patients and that I can speak to him before the surgery.  Though I explained to her that he could call me back at his convenience & I just needed a few minutes of his time before making this life altering decision.  She told me that he said if I couldn't speak to her (the nurse) then Dr. Q didn't want to deal with me. Dr. Q; no bed side manner, treated me like I was just another number, had a rude staff, doesn't speak to patients on the phone and lacks professionalism. He wld nvr be recommended by me.  	1	2	1	3 	Insurance:Oxford
18	1	I found that Dr. Quartell explained everything in detail to me and was a very caring.  He has an excellent bedside manner and I felt very comfortable with him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
18	1	Dr. Quartell is the most amazing doctor on the face of the planet!!! EVERYONE should be in his care.  I cannot say enough good things about his professionalism and care for his patients.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	1	I was so impressed with Dr. Quartell.  He was very personable, professional, compassionate, knowlegeable, thorough and took as much time as I needed.  I felt comfortable and special 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
