dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	I have been going to see Dr. Zinnes for over 12 years. He is the best Dr. i have ever had. He is always willing to listen and does not get annoyed if you have questions or input about your health. I wish everyone had the experience of such a great doctor.     A very satisfied patient.              DG.  Hudson NH 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
1	1	Dr. Zinnes was my PCP for several years until I moved out of the area.  I only saw him for fairly normal physicals and colds, but he always seemed congenial and helpful.  For the scheduled visits, waits were usually less than 15 minutes.  The one time I had to see him on short notice, he was available the next day.  	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
2	1	Dr.Robert J Zahn is, without a shadow of a doubt...in MY opinion... THE BEST family physician you could possibly ask for!!!!My entire family were his patients for 17+ years and I wouldn't have it any other way!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	1	Dr. Zahn is wonderful! He knows how to treat you.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
3	1	Very helpful and understanding. Seems to really care about me. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	-1	As years of experience increase, it is hopeful that there may be some reflection and grow within this individuals scope of practice. 	4	4	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	I have worked with Tina for several years. I really feel that she cares about me and is a great support.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
4	-1	Does not listen to patient....has to control the situation and is not very professional and very condescending toward the medical experts at Mass General Hospital and tries to discourage patients from seeking out specialty care when faced with rare, but serious illnesses....He prefers to tell clients that their medical issues are &quot;Psychological&quot; problems instead of going the extra mile to find out the true cause of the patients problem....He does NOT examine, he only sits at a computer and types like mad before sending you on your way instead of listening as a doctor should. I will most certainly be leaving him ASAP and I would not recommend Dr. Randall Zielinski to anyone who is seeking Quality health care...you will NOT find it here.  	5	2	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
5	1	I was very impressed with his bedside and knowledge about my injury. It was refreshing to find a doctor that actually listened to my concerns and gave knowledge to back up his physical findings. It was nice not to feel rushed out of the exam room,that he actually cared and showed it in the time he took with me at my visit. I would definitly recommend him to anyone, my overall experience was excellent.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
5	-1	Generic exam.  Interested mostly in x-ray results, not focused on patient's description on problem.  Did not look at paperwork patient filled out on request of doctor.  but on time and office very friendly.  	5	4	1	2 	Insurance:Workers Comp
6	1	Great doc, but be aware she can't give a shot worth a shinola!  Every shot I've ever gotten from her has been very painful and occasionally has missed the mark.  	4	5	4	4 	Insurance:Medicare
6	1	After successful surgery for multiple fractures &amp; torn muscle, I subsequently developed RSD/CRPS and needed a lot of follow-up care/procedures over several months.  I have never had a more caring, attentive or responsive doctor in any field than I had with Dr. Zimmermann.  The same goes for her staff.  It was always obvious that she &amp; her staff were dedicated to getting me better.  I don't know how there could be a better orthopedic surgeon in New Hampshire &amp; I feel lucky to have had her for my surgeon.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
6	1	At 57 I fell and broke my ankle. Dr Zimmerman took the time to explain why I would need a plate and pins for the fracture to heal and avoid arthritis. She monitored the healing closely and gave me exercise so that I would continue to have full range of ankle motion. I will continue to go to Dr, Zimmerman for orthopedic problems.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
6	0	 	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	Dr. Zeff was amazing. I went to see him to correct asymmetry from previous augmentation with another PS. I was so surprised by how much time and attention he took to really identify and understand my asymmetry. He was honest and realistic with what I could expect for results.  I am totally thrilled, my breasts look amazing. I would recommend Dr. Zeff and his staff. If I need any adjustments in the future, I know where I will be going. 	 3/22/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	I had a very good experience with Dr. Zeff. I had a breast augmentation and the results are exactly what i wanted. He helped me choose the correct size and shape for my build. If I had gone with what i originally chose for implants, I wouldn't be able to move my arms comfortably. I called the office with some questions I had after the procedure and the staff was very knowledgeable or quick to call me back with the answer. I highly recommend going there. 	 1/31/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
7	-1	Dr Zeff was rude, cold , and has a very poor bedside manner.  My breast augmentation is very disappointing.   Staff was adequate, one nurse in particular comforted me after he walked out of the room . 	4	3	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	I absolutely love this doctor and his staff. I was very unhappy and self conscious of the size of my breasts, and after discussion with family I looked into some doctors. I finally decided to have a consultation with Dr. Zeff, and after that I knew I was ready. The consultation is $100, non-refundable, but if you decide to schedule surgery within 90 days, that $100 goes towards your surgery. During the consultation he talked about the surgery, my only question was when can it happen! Surgery was scheduled, (I decided to go with 375cc medium profile I believe) and everything went amazingly well. I just had my 3 month check up and couldn't thank him enough! He and the nurse both agreed that they look great and were perfect for my body. I think the same! I am SO pleased with Dr. Zeff and wouldn't recommend any other doctor. He is very informative about what will be going on, all his nurses are educated as well. I am so happy with my new additions, my confidence skyrocketed! THANK YOU! 	 1/18/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	Dr. Zeff and his staff are extremely friendly, knowledgable and have great synergy. I went to Dr. Zeff to correct another plastic surgeons breast augmentation. From the consultation to the post op. care he was very caring and considerate. He took the time to answer all my questions and address my concerns. He is a perfectionist! My breast augmenation from him was perfect. He made my breast symetrical and corrected the botched pocket from the previous surgeon. I was so satisfied i went back to have lipo and a tummy tuck. Once again, Dr. zeff and staff were very kind and proffessional. My results are unbelievable! My stomach is so flat and defined after three children. My friends and family can't believe the results. The scar is bareley visible after only 9 months. Several of my friends have gone to hime for breast aug., lipo and tummy tucks and have had the same satisfing results. In fact, Dr. Zeff is the go to plasctic surgeon to correct many other surgeons mistakes even the boston MDs 	 1/6/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	I am so grateful to Dr. Zeff for correcting the scarring on my nose. He has completely restored my self confidence.  It has been a long &amp; nightmarish 4 years, full of empty promises from other doctors in the area. He was the only one that was honest, compassionate and full of cautionary optimism as to what he could do to correct the scarring.  The results are way beyond what I could have ever hoped for. When we had our initial consult, he took time to sit with me &amp; ask questions. He looked at the scars &amp; came up with a plan that would work for me. No other provider had done that.  The past 4 years of searching for a doctor who could improve the scars always started the same, with high expectations and assurances that this procedure would work, and ended the same, with no results and wasted time and money. He truly has changed how I look at myself. I would never go anywhere else, I trust this man completely and his staff is wonderful. I just wish I had found him 4 years earlier! 	 11/14/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
7	-1	The staff at Zeff's office is great. Not very Pleased with him though. I got a breast augmentation. I knew something was wrong on a weekend so I put my strap on and waiting to call the office on Mon. On Mon I took the strap off for about two hours. i told the nurse this on the phone. She told me to keep the strap on. So I did. But I still called a week later and wanted an appt so Zeff could see what was going on. He told me that if he showed me before and after pictures i would see that that was how I was naturally. And tried saying that I told a nurse I was sick of wearing my strap! Not what I said! My left breast was very hard, he felt that. my nipple where a half inch off. one boob dropped one didn't. There is a very noticeable difference.  And I felt like he just disregarded me. He did put me on vit E. But then I called week later and the nurse is the one who told me about a script I could try. I have my three month next week we will see. because right now nothing has changed. 	4	4	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
7	-1	I went in for a breast augmentation consultation which turned out to be very one sided. Dr. Zeff talked throughout the whole consult and was rushed for time at the end. There was no time to go over before and after pictures of his patients, nor ask questions that I have prepared. He squeezed in one or two and said, &quot;I know you must have a million questions but we've run out of time.&quot; I had pictures I wanted to show him of the look I would like to try and achieve and he ignored them. He charges a $100 for the consultation, non-refundable. He's thorough but doesn't seem to care about your opinion if you have questions or any anxiety about surgery. My consult with him was a huge disappointment. 	 4/26/11	4	4	1	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	Had my side fixed, they were great and so far it looks pretty good... not perfect but I am feeling better about it... so far so good 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	-1	I had a abdominoplasty and lipo of the hips, I was treat great until my 3 month check up when I asked about the flap of skin on my side (called Dog Ears) and the huge indentation on the right side, I was seriously uneven on both sides. Dr.Zeff did notice and said to come back in three more months to see if it was due to swelling. I then had to make the appointment to have this corrected, he was rude and extremely uncaring, I had the procedure corrected and I am still awaiting results. I will be sure to come back with the outcome. I will not return to him for further procedure, He does not take criticism well and since I paid for my surgery, I felt as if I deserved respect. Respect I was not given. His staff is lovely and upon checkup they did notice the mistake he made. 	2	4	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
7	-1	I would not recommend this Doctor.  He is very nice until he does something wrong and then wants nothing to do with you.  He cares about making money not his patients. 	3	3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	I found Dr. Zeff after seeing 2 people close to me used his office and were so happy with it.  So i went for a consult.  I was happy with his caring but to the point evaluation.   He was kind but realistic about why i wanted implants and said he had never heard my reason before....but i could see he listened and learned from it by the questions he asked me.     It has been 4 months since my implants and i could not be happier.    I had them aug 28th and today they are just beautiful.  I had an easy surgery  healing was nearly scarless and quick. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	When I read these negative reviews I have to wonder WHAT Dr. these people went to&#63;  Dr. Zeff and his exceptionally caring professional staff are nothing like these nasty reports.  I have gone twice now to Dr. Zeff a year apart.  Bleph on lower lids and lipo in many places.  Both surgeries yielded great results.  Every time I enter his beautiful Stratham, NH location I feel like &quot;A Queen for a Day&quot; in the professional and caring service that I receive.  Dr. Zeff is very personable, funny, kind, and truthful about every procedure and the results one can expect.  Face it - any Dr. cannot control every outcome.  Many patients have unrealistic expectations, pre-disposed skin quality or medical conditions that would lessen their particular results.  Many patients too don't follow the very specific pre and post-op instructions given to maximize the quality of the results.  Any concerns one may have will be dispelled completely once you meet with Dr. Zeff! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	I was extremely impressed with the outstanding care I received from Dr. Zeff.  He performed breast augmentation surgery on me and surpassed my every expectation.  The surgery was perfect.  I had no bruising and no swelling.  He took his time in meeting with me pre and post-op to answer any and all questions that I had.  I would HIGHLY recommend him to anyone, and I am sure that I will be returning to him for my future cosmetic surgery needs.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
7	0	I had lipo done in my belly, inner outer thighs, inner knees, and arms.  The outer thigh work was botched since he had too much sucked out and my belly has ripples in it since he went too close to the skin.  Underneath my butt cheek he sucked out so much my butt looks lopsided.  From the comments i see that he is better at face surgery and lipo and breasts are not his best skill.  I did go back to get this fixed although a bit better not at all satisfied.  I guess 'i now have to live with it. 	5	5	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
7	-1	its been over a yr since my surgery. i am so unhappy. he made me feel terrible. he bedside manner is horrific and should not be allowed to practice 	2	1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
7	0	He was very rude. Especially when I would ask questions. I felt like I was not listened to. After surgery I realized he wasn't listening. My result was not what I desired. I had augmentation and requested different sizes to help with asymmetry. Not only did he not listen, after it was apparent that he did not do the sizes I requested to fix the size differences. When I questioned him he ignored me. I had to go to a different surgeon to fix the situation and now i'm finally happy with the results..15,000 later! 	5	4	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	I have uesd this doctor twice 4/06 and 4/07. First he did a breast lift and lipo of flanks, lower abs and inner thighs in 06, was very very happy with him. Incisions healed beautifully. He was right there when I had necrosis which also has healed beautifully and he had me in there once a week checking on me. In 4/07 I had a mini tummy tuck. I told him what I expected and he told me what to expect because of what needed to be done. He was very realistic and very nice in describing what had to be done The outcome has been great thus far. I might need a little revision but its not unusual for this with any surgeon. His staff, I cannot say enough good things about them. Everyone of them is top notch. Absolutely caring. One of the assistants came in on her day off - office was closed just to pull a drain for me so I would not have to have it through the weekend. I cannot say enough good things about both my experiences. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	-1	I had Breast Implants done & this has been a complete nightmare! I have had this doctor do 3 corrections then I went somewhere else. Dont use DR RICHARD ZEFF OF STRATHAM NH PLEASE 		4	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	Great office and excellent doctor. Made me feel comfortable and is not stuffy. My doctor trusts him and I can see why.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
8	-1	i went and there was no communication.the dr was insulting.he said he had bigger patients then me... and go to the store and buy mennon speed stick!(anti perpersperant)WHAT&#63;&#63;&#63;&#63; i was shocked.... and never asked any questions, about my problem, and i was not in crisis  at the time, i was refered by my dr to get in the office and get established, , and then when i had a flair up, he could see me right away. i was not in crisis at this time.. he insulted me as a person. i called the office and asked for him to call me back. , they had no manager, so i expected him to call me back. HE DID NOT, a women called me and and i said what i had to about him insulting me, and there was no communication or and no concern on the dr,s part. he insulted me,as to imply i was ( fat)i have never in my life been so upset about a DR. IN MY LIFE. it took a week to  be able to call back.i told her as well i feel he did nothing to find out what was wrong with me. there for why pay.thsnk u for your web sight 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	Did a great job fixing the hole in my ear drum. This after another doctor screwed it up.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	-1	. THIS DOCTOR DOES NOT LISTEN TO YOU,HIS NURSE WAS RUDE, HE TOLD ME I HAD THE SAME PROBLEM AS THE PERSON IN THE NEXT ROOM,AND TREATED ME THE SAME WITH OUT HEARING WHAT I HAD TO SAY ABOUT MY SYMPTOMS IM STILL SUFFERING FROM THE SAME PROBLEM THANKS TO HIM 	2	1	1	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
9	-1	They have no idea what they are doing.  It took over a month for them to call me back for an issue, and the staff is absolutely horrible!!! And every time I called which was every time to follow-up what was taking a month for a call back, they kept me on hold for over 15 minutes. And it got me nowhere... 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
9	-1	i waited 3 months for a follow up appointment with doctor zimmerman after surgury.  i was 5 minutes late and they refused to see me.  they are not willing to work with you.  the staff was terrible.  I said i will just wait to see if the doctor has time between patients or cancelation.... the staff threaten to call the police if I stayed!  I mean come on, was that really necessary&#63;  Not to mention the surgury that was performed by his team was botched.  I now have a deformed nose! 	 2/9/10	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	Excellent bedside manner with my child! Spent extra time with my husband and I to explain things.  Highly recommended! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
10	1	Great job Dr. Z.  I love my smile.  Everything just went so smoothly.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
10	1	Dr Z really cares for his patients.  I would hive him 10/10.  He goes that extra mile to personally speak to and treat his patients (as opposed to too many orthodontists delegating most of the work to assistants), uses top of the line materials and explains what he is doing to me so I am not left in the dark.   A 10/10 I would truly recommend! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
11	1	SHE IS VERY CONCERNED,KNOWLEDGEABLE,SPENDS TIME GOING OVER TESTS. I HAVE RECOMMENDED HER TO OTHERS AND THEY ARE VERY PLEASED. SHE HAS BEEN MY DOCTOR FOR 5 YEARS. ONE OF THE BEST.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:AARP
11	1	The best doctor I have ever had.  Compassionate, wonderful listener, skilled diagnostician, wonderful personality.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	1	Dr. Zdrnja is the best GP our family has found in the past 40 years.  She is very thorough, and is very careful not to prescribe unnecessary medication.  She will research areas of concern that she feels she is not up to date on.  She is outstanding about returning phone calls.  Kim, her receptionist is the very best we’ve ever seen, and makes a huge difference in the overall experience.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
12	1	Very informative and thorough. With his help my life long problem was finally solved.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	-1	He didn't listen to my full explanation of symptoms before coming to a conclusion. He was dismissive when I tried to explain more of my history and rushed me through the appointment. He was condescending when I asked about potential side effects of a medication he was recommending that I take for the rest of my life. When I consulted another physician for a second opinion, this revealed that Dr Zabawski misdiagnosed me. The other physician helped to resolve my medical problem.  	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
12	1	. Very nice, dedicated, would see him again 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	1	Great doctor. Listens to his patients.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
14	1	I moved up to New Hampshire recently to live with my boyfriend. My bf recommended this dr. and I'm glad he did. Dr. Ziada is so kind and just overall a wonderful doctor. Good doctors like him are very rare.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
