dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	0	I recently went to the doctor's to pick up my son's vaccination records. My son is currently living overseas and I needed this information to determine which vaccinations are now  due. He looked at the record, highlighted some stuff and just threw the card back at me. When I asked him to clarify he just walked away and ignored me. I then asked the receptionist who was very kind to help me and when he heard this,he began shouting for her to ignore me and not answer my questions. Very unprofessional. I would definitely not recommend. 	5	2	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	friendly, knowledgable,thorough.   worst part - difficult to get appointment with her 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	1	Awesome Doctor. I have recommended her to a few family memebers.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
2	1	I have recommended her to friends. Very helpful, caring and profesional. 	4	4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	Very helpful, kind and friendly doctor. Accurately diagnozed a condition that 3 other doctors just wrote off to stress and overreacting. I was finally able to feel better after receiving appropriate treatment.  Highly recommended! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	Went to Dr MacDonnell beacause my primary Dr wasn't helping me...Dr MacDonnell saw my lab tests and right away saw what was causing my problem and corrected it...I felt that I could talk to her and she listened. She was very helpful. I am now taking natural meds and feel much better. 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	I've only seen Dr.MacDonnell once, just because she meets with all her new patients at least once.  I changed to this office to see her PA, Jackie McMurray, who is absolutely amazing.  I wasn't unhappy the time I met with the doctor, the staff is prompt and competent in general, but punctuality is hit or miss.  	5	3	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	-1	I cannot believe that Dr. Diane MacDonnell in Glens Falls, NY practices under the title of &quot;Holistic Medicine&quot; (advertises as integrative medicine). She is one of the most inefficient and unprofessional doctors I have ever met, and was far from holistic in her approach. Terrible bedside manner, never even listened to my heartbeat though I was feeling very ill during the visit. I complained of feeling faint and she did not even feel my pulse. She did nothing but stare at the lab work results. She offered zero understanding of my symptoms and asked very few questions to help clarify what was going on. It seemed like the visit was a great imposition to her. I was soon rushed out after this very brief visit (though I waited 6 weeks for the appointment) and given no feedback about my condition. I requested copies of all my labs and they never even sent them to me. I DO NOT recommend this doctor.  	3	4	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	Dr. Macaluso was extremely helpful in pulling me out of a very difficult time in my life. She gave me tools I could use to be strong and cope well. I am a better and happier person because of her support. I learned a lot from her and am grateful for her unwavering care about me. I feel good about myself and feel effective when dealing with others because of my therapy with her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	Excellent experience and help. definitely recommend.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
5	1	great interview and exam. Hit the diagnosis on the head within half hour.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HIP
5	1	GREAT DOCTOR. REALLY LISTENED TO WHAT I HAD TO SAY.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
5	1	Dr. Macaluso is one of the best. He spends time with you and is a wonderful doctor. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	-1	WORST ORTHOPEDIC SURGEON IN WESTCHESTER, NY!: Dr. Magill performed an arthroscopic repair of my right knee at the end of 2005. He took out WAY TOO MUCH CARTILAGE!! Four and half years later in June of 2010, I returned because the knee was starting to bother me badly again and I wanted a renewal of my handicapped parking permit. He took x-rays but said the knee was stable and thus no new permit. Four months after that, I returned to my original Orthopedic surgeon who looked at the SAME X-RAYS and said I needed a TOTAL KNEE REPLACEMENT ASAP!!!! (I had no cartilage left and it was bone on bone which is very painful!!) HOW COULD MAGILL MISS THIS ONE&#63;!!!! He never looks a patient in the eye, the wait time to see him at any visit was always at least TWO HOURS, and his front office staff was extremely rude to me. Since I switched back to my original Orthopedic surgeon, I got the best care possible. STAY AWAY FROM DR.  MAGILL! - HE'S TROUBLE!!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	Dr Maggio has been my family's doctor for 20-years and he is the best doctor I have ever had. He is very knowledgeable and always spends enough time to make sure that he understands my issues and to give me enough information and options if necessary. He is very friendly and personable. 	 5/23/12	5	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
7	0	Cannot get in to see the doctor. Nurse practitioners are nice but do not diagnose correctly.. (which lead to an emergency room visit later). The doctor seems to actually avoid meeting with (some&#63;) patients. Interestingly, even at times when we were told that he was totally overwhelmed with patients and could not see us, the waiting room was almost empty except for us!! One time, when we had scheduled an appointment with HIM (in fact, I was told that we would he would be able to spend a good amount of time with us), we first met with the nurse practitioner and then were told that the doctor was too busy to even poke his head in the room!!  This has never happened to me in my life!  I don't see the point of choosing a doctor if one never sees the doctor... even when the situation is acute!! The one time I did meet him, he seemed competent and caring - just wish he would actually meet with his patients more often. 	1	1	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
7	0	Rarely see the dr unless for a physical. have been there for many years and pretty much always see only the np's. Np's are nice but not very knowledgeable. the check in staff is rude.  	1	3	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	Dr. Maggio has been my internist for 23 years and he is the best. He is compassionate, smart and truly cares about his patients well being. The only downfall is that you don't always get to see him but if you have a real problem, he will see you promptly. His NP's are good too. Office staff is ok. 	4	3	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	Once in to see the Doctor, he has unlimited time for you.  15 years later and our family loves him.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	Dr. Maggio was my Primary Care Physician for five years before I moved from Rochester in 2007. He was also my mother's Internist. He is a fine, knowledgable and caring physician. My only complaint is that appointments are difficult to get. If you have an acute issue, you will likely have to see an NP, none of which have ever successfully diagnosed/treated my health issues. 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	Dr. Maggio is incredible.  The old reviews saying wait times are terrible have been corrected.  In fact, last time I was there, there were signs instructing me to talk to the receptionist if I was waiting for over 15 minutes.  Dr. Maggio has seen me personally every time when I had something that I had addressed to him as serious.  In fact, I rarely see the P.A.'s, although they are also very very good.  Dr. Maggio is very friendly and willing to help.  Overall, the best doctor I've ever had.  He has taken patient feedback very seriously and improved to the nth degree, and I'm sure if you have any issues he'll address them so long as you mention something.  This man sincerely cares about his job and his patients.  He also makes sure to fit me in regardless of my schedule, as I am a college student out of town and I can only see him when I come home.  I would highly recommend him and his practice.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	Have been a patient of Dr Maggio for over 15 years. My grown daughters also his patients. He is the absolute best physician.Compassionate,attentive, knowledgable and spends time with you. I do see the PA's more often but he stays aware of any issues addressed with them.  I highly recommend him 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	Great doctor, when you get to see him. Usually relegated to NP, which is annoying. Another comment complained about pharmaceutical reps... and that is completely accurate. The office was mobbed with them recently. No question he is competent, and when you see him everything is outstanding. Just be prepared to usually see an NP instead of him.  	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
7	1	I have always been seen in a prompt timely manner, and both Dr. and Staff are most efficient,appropriate and helpful.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	Waiting is never an issue. I know he is with patients who are in need of his help. He does the very best he can to service all of his patients to the very best of his ability. You are so fortunate to be treated by Dr. Maggio.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
7	-1	Worst Doctor in town. Can only see him for physicals. The nurse practicioner (sp) takes care of the patients. Will never go back, found a new doctor. He does love to write perscriptions, and usually has a full waiting room of Pharmacy Reps.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	I moved to this area about a year and a half ago - I just =started seeing Dr Maggio last November and he is attentive to detail, has an amazing bedside manner and is genuinely sincere.  I have never been more pleased with a doctor.  Though the receptionist may not seem friendly, she does her job well and isn't rude by any means.  She just seems to be serious. Dr Maggio is very intuative and it's nice to find a dr that actually takes time and goes above and beyond his requirements for the benefit and well being of his patients, even the new ones! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	-1	Never see the doctor  even with problems caused by P.A. Must sign paper to give him 100.00 if you miss an appointment.  	1	5	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	Dr. Maggio and his entire staff are always helpful, informative, and caring. I also like that I can email with questions and get confidential responses back.  		3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	0	Waiting time is exorbinate. Can only speak with him regarding one ailment. Overall, not very good. 		1	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
7	0	Doctor is Knowledgeable, office staff not quite as friendly and helpful as they could be.  		3	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	Bar none, one of the finest practitioners available to a person. Very personable and compassionate, extremely knowledgeable and up to date on current issues and treatment regimens.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	Very knowledgeable and takes the time to listen and make accurate diagnosis. Extremely personable and caring. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	0	Pros: Dr. Maerz is a good doctor. Appointments are easy to get and the staff is considerate and flexible with timings. Our wait time was zero and we were always ushered into a room as soon as we arrived. In case of emergencies, either Dr. Maerz or one of his nurse practitioners always called back within about 20 minutes. Cons: The clinic environment is a little unconventional from other clinics, which some people may like and some may not. We were not comfortable with the presence of pet dog in the clinic, but some children seemed to love playing with it. Discussions tend to be long and sometimes digressing, which may or may not suit some people. Nothing seriously wrong, just a matter of personal preference. 	4	5	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	Very informitive and thorough. She took her time to answer my questions. Staff is so polite and made me feel comfortable.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	She saved my life. Wonderful office staff! They are all very kind, compassionate, caring and extremely knowledgeable. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	-1	This doctor was arrested for sexual abuse of a patient (story here:http://www.wktv.com/news/local/53719202.html).  I really wish I had known this before my appointment!!  It does however explain why I was able to get an appointment within a few days and why one of the ladies from the office had to sit in the room with us.  On top of this, he barely listened to what I said (including my answers to his questions).  For example, he asked if my symptoms were getting worse, I said yes, and he later said something along the lines of &quot;Well if your symptoms were getting worse, this would call for more immediate action&quot;.  In addition, he told me to expect my symptoms to go away on their own in probably another week but to not come back and see him for a month! 	4	5	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	Great doctor 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	0	Dr. Magier is caring, but I have found that his knowledge is not 100% as far as gastro specialty goes.  The staff at the front desk is HORRIBLE.  They are rude!  You can stand there while they chat and ignore you.  They will never let you speak to a doctor when your call.  You can send faxes requesting a response and you get NONE.  You can leave a message for a doctor, he will not call you back -- I wonder if they give them the messages.  If you want to talk to a doctor you must make an appointment and go in or call after hours and get the answering service to contact whomever is on call.  Maybe it will be the doctor you want to speak to.  All in all after more than 20 years, I am done with this office!!!  Just need to find another doctor.  	1	3	3	3 	Insurance:GHI
12	1	he is very caring and very thorough. Saved my husbands life.  Sent him to the urologist to have him follow up on something he found in routine checkup.  It was prostate cancer.  My husbands PSA was 1 .  They wouldn't have suspected cancer for years.  It would have been too late.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	1	DR. MAHL IS THE MOST CARING AND WONDERFUL DENTIST. HE EXPLAINS ALL PROCEDURES AND LISTENS TO ANY AND ALL CONCERNS THAT I MIGHT HAVE. HIS COSMETIC DENTISTRYIS AMAZING. HIS ATTENTION TO DETAIL IS WHAT SEPARATES DR. MAHL FROM OTHERS. THE OFFICE ENVIRONMENT IS WARM AND FRIENDLY. APPOINTMENTS ARE ALWAYS PROMPT AND I RARELY HAVE TO WAIT MORE THAN A FEW MINUTES BEFORE I AM SEEN. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	-1	 	3	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	He was very caring, pleasant, and knowledgeable.   Recommend him hightly 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
16	1	She is great!  Very knowledgeable and helpful.  The best psychologist I have been to.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	-1	Very displeased with the level of professionalism and general up-to-date knowledge of this dentist. I've lost a tooth after months of painful work and have had to had root canal corrected and am hoping I don't lose that tooth. He was very noncommunicative. I should have switched dentists long before I did. 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
17	-1	wasn't very pleased with his service. He just seemed to care about the money. Didn't feel comfortable with him examining my teeth. His staff is veyr friendly though. 	4	4	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
17	-1	One of the worst professionals I have encountered in my life time. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
17	-1	 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
17	-1	Dr Macina is the worst dentist ever. He should be not be in practice. He damaged a nerve in my face and i've lost two teeth because of him. I know for a fact he is being sued. STAY FAR AWAY!! 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	. They charge for an eye test but its worth it because she gave me &quot;computer glasses&quot;- no one else could give me the right prescription for that! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
19	-1	terrible service.  I need a new 7000.00 surgery to fix her mess.  Does not talk with patient,  go into detail, ask necessary questions, or relay necessary information. 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
19	-1	Avoid at all cost.  I am in severe pain, and need additional surgery because Dr. Mackenzie left without notice.  I am out 6k and have to pay another 6k to repair her botched implants. 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
19	0	My surgery went well, no complaints about the MD per say, although don't know if I'd use her again. The office staff is a different issue, as I paid for an item, and they gave me the wrong one and when I returned and they accepted the item then refused to refund my money. They argued and lied to me, very dissapointing business practice, 	1	3	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
19	0	Has breast augmentation done.  Had some complications and was told to come back for another follow up. The NP told me one thing, she told me another.  The NP then quit. I went to the follow up and Dr. Mackenzie up and disappeared.  She has left state in a matter of one week.  I was looking for a long term plastic surgeron not some fly by night.  I feel hurt and upset.  I now have to wait three months in pain for a new plastic surgeon to come into the office.  Dr. Mackenzie left all her patients either on the surgery list or post operation status without a leave of notice or anything. 	3	3	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	As a true dental phobic, I can highly recommend Dr. Magid. On my first visit many years ago, I was sitting in the chair scanning all exits for my best escape route. Dr. Magid asked what I was doing and when I told her, she suggested the front window cause it landed on an awning, a much safer landing! She is a wonderful dentist, a perfectionist, very into her profession. If you could see the before and after pics of the work she did on me you would think it was Park ave.   I drive 60 miles in to keep going to her, she's that good!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:GHI
20	1	Dr. Magid is an exceptional dentist. She is very knowledgeable and thorough.  Although I have been a patient there, I am concerned about the cleanliness. I do not feel it is clean and I worry about germs.  But Dr.Magid helped cure my TMJ and I will continue to see her. 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	Both me and my husband, John have been going to Dr. Michelle Magid for years.  I had to laugh about the other poster regarding the furniture!  Who cares what the furniture looks like!!!!  Her office is equipped with the latest technology and both she and Rachel (her &quot;staff&quot;) were exceptional and I am very well-pleased with the service we both receive!  I wouldn't be going there for over 9+ years if I wasn't satisified!  Dr. Michelle put in several implants for my husband, and was sure to test first to see if his jawbone density was sufficient prior to proceeding.  Dr. Michelle is extremely knowlegable and keeps abreast of the latest technolgy in dentistry which she offers to her clients.  She is a perfectionist who truly cares for the aesthetics as well as her patients.  She is also very, very pleasant and so is Rachel, her assistant.  They both make a very unplesant task a true joy!  Cheryl &amp; John, from Booklyn. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	I switched my dentist to Dr. Magid because I recently moved and preferred a dentist who was in my neighborhood.  On my 1st visit which will more than likely be my last...the office furniture is quite old and I felt that the office wasn't clean enough.  Also, her receptionist/dental assistant was quite disorganized.  On the other hand, Dr. Magid was quite knowledgeable and did a very thorough examination.  If you do not mind old furniture and a disorganized staff I would highly recommend Dr. Magid. 	2	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	Dr. Mager is sensational.  She helped me deal with some extremely difficult issues.  Having gone through therapy with her, I feel more able to live my life in a way that feels authentic. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	Dr. Macher is a phenomenal doctor and surgeon. He pulled 2 of my wisdom teeth and my recovery couldn't of gone smoother. I wasn't in pain and I had no swelling. I was in a terrible car accident that left me with a jaw injury. After a string of doctors who didn't know how to help me, I went to Dr. Macher. He believed me and helped me. I had 2 bilateral TMJ surgeries with Dr. Macher, in addition to splint therapy and other treatments. Surgery was a last resort. He left no stone unturned in our attempts to avoid operating. It was comforting that he wasn't quick to turn to surgery. He explained everything thoroughly and clearly, and not only did he and his staff take care of and comfort me, but my family as well. Being from out of town, they helped us find a place to stay and the best places to eat. I can't say enough good about him. He is hands down the best! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	Very Congenial and understanding.  Truely cares about his patients 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	very good doctor 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	This man is the greatest doctor to ever walk on the face of this earth. He is a god among men. HE also has the best fashion sense. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	0	frankly, i do not understand the previous comments. Dr magun has consistently been dismissive of my symptoms and unhelpful. not recommended. 	4	4	3	2 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	Excellent doctor. He took plenty of time talking with me to help determine my problem.  The doctor devoted all his time to me while with him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
24	1	Returns calls quickly and follows up on EVERY request/question.  Great bedside manner. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	I enjoy visits to the Doctor now. Never had problems with claim forms or issuance issues. The staff is friendly. The office is neat clean well it. Wait is minimal. Doctor schedules time for the &quot;sudden illness&quot; where in an appointment can be made on short notice.  (This Doctor has the greatest tie collection.)  Been a petient for 5 years (I have no desire to change from his care).  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	1	Most knowlegdable caring Doctor I have found in years.  Like what I was raised with.  Has true care for his patients.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
25	1	This Dr has the credentials, experience,and personality. If he cant help you chances are no one can. Trust me, I have gone through a few Opthalmologists before I found him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	. supposed to be the best in the field of vision correction 	 9/16/09	3	4	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	-1	Dr. Magid is one of the worst doctor that I have seen. He only cares about money and does not pay any attention to symptoms. Talking to him is like talkig to someone who is retarded. I would say he missed my condition because he did not care and mostly that he has no clue what he is doing. I have started medical malpractice against him as his complete incompetence has caused me great deal of damage. I would also say if you are Muslim avoid him at all cost as he made very racial remarks toward me. Shame on HSS to continue to employ this corrupt, incompetent and racist man.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
26	1	Brilliant and most personable, a leading light in clinical rheumatology and probably the best all-around diagnostician in the country. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	Very kind and informative. Long wait at times but its worth the wait. Her staff is very nice and helpful.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	1	Dr. M has the best manner I've ever experienced in any healthcare person: he's knowledgable (and shares it!), confident, upbeat and funny. All of which help a lot when he's reducing your dislocated toe.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
29	-1	I was scheduled with Dr. Kamdar who runs the practice and met him when I first went in but when I needed a couple of cavities done I was switched to Dr. Maharaja. I tend to wear through anesthetic quickly and she said &quot;I've never heard of anything like that&quot; and didn't seem to believe me. She did one cavity, a neighbor came in, and she left to talk to him for 20 minutes and by the time she came back I was already feeling pain again and she proceeded to do the other cavity. She did the bite test and I left but continued to feel like my bite was misaligned and experienced pain. The misalignment shifted my teeth and when I went back 3 weeks later she said &quot;I have never heard of that happening&quot;, did the same mediocre bite test but didn't adjust anything and said we should check again in 3 weeks. When I asked to see a different dentist in the same practice the staff refused saying that she had to fix her own mistake.  	3	4	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
29	1	I thought she was the best doctor I've seen in Manhattan so far, she has the best bedside manner and thoroughly knowledgeable. She takes the extra effort to stay late and take care of her patients. I can tell she really cares. My coworkers and I see her and her work has been amazing. We've been really happy with Dr Shivani Maharaja, and prefer to see only her. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	-1	The staff was so wonderful other than my appointment with Dr. Shivani Maharaja a few months ago. I had a terrible experience, she was ruff with my mouth, rude and had awful bedside manner. If I came back to the practice for an appointment I wouldn't choose to see her again, I dont recommend this dentist to anyone. 	5	4	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	Dr. Mackellar is a wonderful doctor. He delivered both of my children and each experience was great. If you had any question or concerns he was willing to answer them. I will continue to go to him. And now both my children are going to him as well. He's great with them, and they give my children books after each visit. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	Very friendly, puts patiences at ease.  GREAT WITH KIDS, AND ADULTS OF ALL AGES! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
31	-1	im not sure if he is a real doctor, this guy is very dramatic, he knows how to make your whole family sick, i refuse to take my child to this guy, 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	I'm fairly particular when it comes to doctors, and Dr. Mailloux is simply one of the best doctors I've ever seen.  I came to her with increasingly frequent chest pains, and her absolute thoroughness and expertise at every stage of testing was exemplary.    At our first meeting, she took a great deal of time to ask me a wide range of prelim questions and to answer all of mine, and then she gently ran me through several tests, including an EKG.  While she was pleased with the results, she told me she always prefers to be too thorough than not thorough enough, so she recommended that I get a stress echocardiogram, which I readily agreed to.  The day after this much more involved testing, she took the time to go over my results in exceptional detail by phone, even though she also sent them in paper form.  I cannot praise her expertise, professionalism, and bedside manner enough.  I hope I won't need her often (!), but either way, in Dr. Mailloux, I've found a cardiologist for life.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
33	-1	I saw Dr. Macaulay this weekend and had a bad experience.  First, there was no receptionist at the desk when I arrived.  I stood there for twenty minutes then the Dr surfaced and I said I hope I was in the right place and came back with a wise answer. He was judgmental with the medicine I was taking and I couldn't wait to get out of there.  He has zero bedside manner and didn't help me at all.  If you need to see a Dr so badly then go to the hospital, he is AWFUL! 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
33	-1	Poor manner and judgmental.  He dismissed pretty much anything I had to say and could not wait to get the exam over.  	3	4	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
33	1	Dr. Macaulay could not have been nicer. He was very knowledgeable,helpful and a true professional.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
33	1	His office staff is HORRID. I have to say the way that girl behind the counter treats me, would be the one reason I never see him again. Hes cold, and seems rather uncomfortable with Social situations and touching. Ive seen worse, as far as the whole not touching weirdness for a doc goes. So, Id say its NOT horrible, but it is weird. I really do appreciate his late hours and ease of working you into his schedule. Ive run into him on the street, and he smiles and seems ok, so maybe its just office politics and stuff making him uncomfortable. Who knows. So basically, his hours and availability make him worth seeing. his front desk girl... seriously, shes the reason I dont go in .  	1	5	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	1	I like Dr. Macaulay very much and have used him as my general doctor for the last several years. Unfortunately I have several doctors I must see regularly, I can say that Dr. Macaulay's is the only office that isn't run like a fast food restaurant. The wait is seldom more than 15 minutes. He has always been very helpful, knowledgeable and I have recommended him to friends who needed a doctor.  	3	5	4	4 	Insurance:Oxford
33	1	First, why would anyone go to an internist for an ingrown toe nail&#63; I have been going to Dr. Macaulay for years and he is very knowledgeable and more importantly, he is not a pill pusher like most doctors.  He gets to the core of the issue and finds a solution without always taking out his prescription pad.  He is great.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
33	-1	One of the worst doctors I've ever encountered.  I once went to see him for an ingrown toenail and he stared at it from across the room, horrified.  Then he said maybe I could have an antibiotic, maybe not.  He also always looks at me like I'm crazy.  The only reason I ever see him is because he always has availability, which is no surprise.  He is rude, terse and unkind.  Never again.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	1	Thoughtful, friendly, and careful. Puts me at ease, and asks the right questions.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	1	Dr. Macaulay used to be amazing, but his bedside manner has declined sharply in recent years. He is very knowledgeable, however, so that usually makes up for his lack of friendliness.  	5	5	3	5 	Insurance:Aetna
33	1	Dr Macaulay is a very nice, caring Doctor, always here to follow up and help you.  	4	5	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	1	. Delivered my son a few months ago and was the best doctor i have ever met! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
34	1	Love, love , love him. Best bedside manner amd genuinely cares about his patients. After surgery I had some unrelated back pain, called the emergency contact number and left a message. With in minutes he called me and reassured me that of was nothing major. He makes going to the gynocologist easy. Thank- you Dr. Mahajan 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	-1	 	3	1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	I've had a great experience with the doctor himself. He takes time after examinations to talk and discuss. However, his receptionists are very rude and nasty. I am not going there again because of his staff. 	1	2	3	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	HE ALLOW OFFICE MANAGERS TO GIVE MEDICAL ADVICE TO PATIENTS OVER THE PHONE AND GIVE TEST RESULTS OVER THE PHONE. I SAT IN THE WAITING ROOM AND HEARD  THE OFFICE MANAGER (NOT A NURSE!) DETERMINE INDEPENDENTLY IF A LACTATING MOTHER WHO RECENTLY DELIVERED SHOULD TAKE A LAXATIVE!  IRRESPONSIBLE!!! 	1	3	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	I have been seeing Dr. Maher for over 10 years. I have had problems from time to time and had a healthy pregnancy that lead to an emergency C-section due to placental abruption. I have always found him pleasant and knowlegable. He was very sympathetic whenever I have had issues and took time to answer all and any questions. He let me lead the way when it came time for childbirth, and performed the C-section only after it was absolutely necessary. I would recommend him to anyone. As for his staff, they have been busy at times, but pleasant and helpful as well. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	0	I do not recommend him due to his staff! He as a doctor is great. I had issues several months back with having a baby. When I am in his office he answers everything I need answered. When I needed him and &quot;paged&quot; him via voicemail, he was very attentive and would call me back asap. However, his staff sucks.  When he has office hours, the phone could ring for minutes, I get put on hold for no less than 2 minutes (which is long to be on hold for) or they say he will call back in a few mins and he never does!!!! I am having issues the second time around and no, i am not looking for compassion, however a little niceness an sincerety from his office staff would be appreciated! I had to call them 4 times today alone to find out results because no one &quot;was able to talk to me&quot; BS! I never delt with this in my life! 	1	2	2	4 	Insurance:Oxford
35	1	I have been treated by Dr. Maher on 3 different occasions and always very satisfied with my encounters. I am really surprised by all the bad press he is getting! He is very efficient in his exams and makes a point to sit down with me after and explain the tests he is going to do or drugs he will prescribe. I never feel rushed or unimportant, as other people have stated. He is direct and to the point, but certainly not rude. He has been cheerful with me, and seems to have a good relationship with his staff! I have recommended him to friends and I think he is a great doctor, a doctor of few words, and it really works for me. I don't leave his office with unanswered questions, or if I thought of questions afterwards, I had called his office, and he has always promptly returned my calls. He's a very honest guy, I am just so shocked that other patients would call him a &quot;jerk.&quot; He definitely puts his patients first and I feel he's a very smart, compassionate doctor. Highly recommended.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
35	-1	I had a bad experience with this doctor, was admitted to the hospital with pprom and had a c-section to a preemie and the doctor was screaming at me because I wanted to have a c-section to try to save her life. He was very un-professional on how he treated me, being a first time mom my hisband and I had no clue as to what was going on. And after my c-section I caught the only infection and don't know how i'm alive still. People said that he is very nasty and how he treated me was not good and that I should report him...  	4	3	1	2 	Insurance:GHI
35	-1	I had very severe morning sickness resulting in my having to be on a IV. I could not even keep ice cubes down.  I was admitted to the hospital by one of the other doctors in his group.  When he saw me several days after I was admitted he coldly told me there was no reason to keep in the hospital - I was dehydrated, malnourished and my blood count was down to 10!! I pleaded with him to OK my staying in the hospital - he coldly told my there was no reason to stay there.  I was on an IV for ONE MONTH at home with no home care - thanks to him (I also had a 6 year old daughter and 2 1/2 year old son to take care of).  I ultimately lost the baby.  His lack of emphathy and understanding was unbelievable.  I had to go to a followup visit at his office (I thought I would get one of the other drs.) when I found out he was seeing me I just walked out.  DO NOT GO TO THIS JERK!!!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Oxford
35	-1	Can't say I'd recommend this doctor. Saw him three times before I decided I'd never step foot in that building again. Gave him a try on a recommendation to that practice, figuring it's down the block from my house. My husband and I have named him Dr Speedy Hands, as he tends to have a cold hand way up there before you even notice he's in the office. Doesn't like answering questions, and seems irritated by being asked any. Generally rude demeanor -- he actually barked some set of numbers at me and before I could even open my mouth to say I understood, he sucked his teeth and said 'I'm not speaking for my own good. What did I just say&#63; Repeat it.' My husband even looked outraged! Not to mention that our second appointment was followed by a nurse appearing in our room still having tears on her cheeks -- from him! It's bad when even your staff dislikes you. It's a shame, but even the another doctor in the practice said 'Well, what can you do&#63; We can't change the man's personality.' Yikes.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
36	1	. She is well staffed, punctual helpful and very knowledgeable, I feel very comfortable with her, stress-free visits 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
37	-1	I've never been so unsatisfied with a doctor.  I was literally asking him questions as he was leaving the room and telling me I was fine.  Interesting, since two physical therapists (that he sent me to) evaluated me as not fine and a great candidate for cortisone shot and/or surgery to assist my Plica inflammation and the surrounding bursitis and tendinitis.  He was rushed, rude, and wouldn't answer my questions.  I felt like cattle and now will be seeking out another opinion since it's still painful to walk, climb/descend stairs, and I've been unable to do any running for 5 months.  I will never return to this doctor again.  	3	3	2	2 	Insurance:Oxford
37	-1	The doctor was super quick and very unattentive. He wrote my age wrong and my chart had the wrong leg!!! I pay a high copay and was never so dissatisfied with a doctor before him.  I went to another doctor affliiated with the same hospital and was never so pleased! 	3	3	1	2 	Insurance:Oxford
37	1	very knowledgeable and skilled.  personality somewhat curt but he really knows his stuff. would definetly recommend. 	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	VERY GOOD. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	Dr. Maerov is a nice guy who runs a well put-together practice. I felt comfortable with him right off the bat, and anyone reading this who has seen a psychiatrist knows the value of feeling at ease with him or her. He seems to be thorough in his evaluations and is not the type of psychiatrist to aimlessly prescribe medication and allow his patients to disappear for months at a time. My initial visit was about two months ago and I have been seeing him every week as we continue to evaluate what is going on with me. When I said &quot;well put-together&quot; before, I meant that he is professional, the office is efficient, the office is neat, etc... I think most would be pleaed overall, I definitely am.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
38	-1	He really resented the fact that all I could give was medicaid.If he werent so arrogant,and cocky I may have stayed with him.He wanted me to have a job  and go to college but I kept telling him the pressure was too much.I almost died getting my college degree. Before I could have a breakdown I left him.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
39	1	Dr. Mahadkar is an excellent and very knowledgeable dr.  If there is something wrong with you, he will find it.  Only thing is he is a little strong with his character if you don't know him (cut and dry) and the wait to see him is LONG be prepared to sit and wait for a long time.  I guess it's because he's that good. 	5	2	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
40	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
40	-1	This doctor rushes you, doesn't listen to you and makes you undergo unnecessary tests.  Front desk is rude.  Doctors Assistants were the best.  	3	5	1	2 	Insurance:GHI
41	-1	Avoid like the plague. paid nearly two grand for tattoo removal. Doctor did one time, the rest was nurses. they did not know how to use machines. made me bleed heavily, still have scars and tattoos are splotchy. I should've sued. Avoid this guy. 		4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	He is a very knowledgeable and honest doctor, which is very hard to find these days. Besides feeling better when I leave his office I also leave with an education that my family and I would have never had if I went somewhere else. Chiropractic became a life style for me and my family. Everyone should be aware of what Chiropractic does for substaining a healthy life.My kids love it because they never get shots there and they always feel great after an adjustment. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	People don't need back pain to visit a chiropractor. If the spine isn't properly aligned, the nervous system malfunctions &amp; blood flow can be constricted. I battle Crohn's disease. Conventional medicine &amp; &quot;studies&quot; failed me. Several surgeries later &amp; struggling to achieve good health, I started with Dr Steve. He is working to properly align my spine. My pain has subsided &amp; I feel great! Dr. Steve helps people with various problems: stress, bulging discs, teary eyes,  arthritis, joint problems, sciatica, vertigo, allergies, carpal tunnel &amp; the list goes on. He has a wonderful contagious uplifting attitude.  Dr Steve hears your concerns &amp; addresses them.  Besides treating the pain Dr Steve locates the source of the problem to prevent it from reoccurring. I am one of his many satisfied patients.  During your consultation if you are still skeptical ask Dr Steve for Luann's phone number &amp; I would be more than happy to speak with you in detail about my experiences with him! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	1	Dr. Mahelsky saved my life. After being misdiagnosed with PTSD. He was so attentive, calling me back immediately and got me on the right course of treatment. If you are suffering from anxiety, depression or any other mental problems,Dr. Mahelsky is the man to see.   I give him a 10! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	1	Very professional and thorough - there is a general kindness throughout the office, and I was extremely comfortable sharing personal issues ans asking for help and options. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	-1	She is a nice woman but I stopped seeing her. She said I had &quot;problematic sinus&quot;, and dismissed the problem as minor. She never referred me to an allergist or ENT specialist, even though I had the insurance to cover it. This was after five sinus infections in one year. I got another GP, got an allergist and had a sinus surgery. When I had colitis, she diagnosed it as appendix, and said if the pain got any worse I should go to the ER right away over the weekend. Finally when I returned to see her the next week with same colitis symptoms, she sent me to a gastro specialist. He was very good. But I don't know how she could mix up appendix and colitis, surely the specific symptoms are different.  	5	4	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	1	I thought the wait to see the doctor was a little too long. Waited 45 minutes to be seen. Other than that the doctor seemed very knowledgeable and competent.  She listened to what I had to say and was kind. I will definitely go back.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
46	0	Doctor does not use a computer himself. No email address. Doesn't keep up with medical alerts or news alerts or latest cardiology medicines or dodages for heart attack patients reoory regime. He should be tested on his prescribing drugs and the effects needed for the patients recovery and wellness. Thank you.  Matt Schad 	2	2	3	3 	Insurance:HIP
47	1	Excellent doctor and even has a good sense of humor. Answers questions on treatment in concise and understandable terms.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:MVP Health
47	1	What a great health care provider!  This office has treated me from everything from my broken bones to a house call for my ill child.  He has helped diagnose problems that the &quot;experts&quot; failed to identify.  Can't speak highly enough of him and his staff.  	4	5	4	5 	Insurance:Aetna
47	1	Well, Dr. Mike has been my PCP for a long, long time.  He is just plain outstanding.  Dr. Mike displays a rare blend of humor, outstanding bedside manner, genuine care for his patients, and a firm grasp of general medicine.  Highly recommend. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
47	1	Very knowledgeable and versatile, even has a sense of humor. Has patched me up many times and probably saved my life twice. Thank you Dr. M. 	 10/10/06		3	5	Insurance:Unknown
47	1	Dr. Maggiulli is the most pleasant, courteous, and helpful doctor I have ever visited. I have been to him many times and for many different reasons. Dr. Maggiulli has always taken the time required to make a proper diagnosis and he genuinely cares about his patients. It is wonderful to have such a high quality doctor in a little 'ol town like Bergen! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
47	1	Dr. Maggiulli was my PCP before I moved away. I wish I could find a doctor as fine as him. He always took the time to answer all of my questions and would explain what medications he wanted to prescribe for me. My family still goes to him and he goes beyond the norm to take care of his patients. When my father was recently in the hospital, Dr. M checked on him on his day off and to talk with the hospital doctors.  The staff is also wonderful! 	 9/19/06		5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	1	I THOUGHT THE DOCTOR WAS VERY PATIENT.  SEEMED NOT TO RUSH THOUGH THE EXAM.  DID NOT HAVE LONG WAIT BEFORE BEING SEEN.  	4	5	5	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
48	1	always concerned,excellent explaininf dianogatics appts made quickly staff informative best frienf always concerned wants other sr updates will actually speak with other drs requestinf more informatiob or test reports &quot;Have such and such dr to call me there is to muc h other info to be given fax 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	This is a new doc that used to have a practice in silver Springs, Maryland but recently moved up to the Warwick, NY area. He sees patients in Middletown, NY and Warwick, NY and is very good, very personable and really seems to care. He was named a top doc in Washington, DC many times. I highly recommend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	1	Dr. MacGowan is one of the most knowledgeable doctors I have ever met.  He can sometimes be impatient, but he will do whatever it takes to get a patient diagnosed and get the proper treatment.  He is a neuromuscular specialist.  He always returns phone calls. He greets patients personally.  He can also be a little formal, but he is very smart and very thorough and very committed to having patients families involved in their treatment.  He takes the time to answer all questions and also keep your primary care doctor informed.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
50	1	Dr.Macgowan is a caring, extremely knowledgeable physician who will take the time to figure out what your issue is and what works best for you as a whole person, not just a symptom. He answers your questions and makes sure that your family is also involved in your treatment and the knowledge of your illness.  He always returns phone calls and does answer emails. He also calls with test results immediately. He does not make you chase after him. He, however, is frequently involved with medical students and other hospital related tasks that seem to eat up a lot of his time.  	4	3	4	5 	Insurance:Aetna
50	-1	I was diagnosed with a serious neurological condition and muscle atrophy, visible to any eye, but this doctor found no diagnosis. I suspect he did it only to cover up the negligence of a surgeon who caused this injury. Either way, do not go to him. He dismissed my complaints, despite the fact that five other neurologists in other hospitals established the diagnosis correctly. I don't trust this doctor, not just as a medical professional, but also as a person. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	I came to see him for a pinched nerve. He found another problem and through quick action and a proper referral he probably saved my life. (I also appreciate that he followed up by calling me.) I suspect his bedside manners are not great and that he can be arrogant. But he worked for me where it counts.  		3	5	5 	Insurance:GHI
50	1	He found a very serious problem, diagnosed it, got me to the appropriate people in time and saved me from a stroke or blindness. From my experience I consider him the Very best. 	 12/1/05		5	5	Insurance:Unknown
50	-1	I waited over two hours and when I was finally seen by him, he was rude and dismissive. He couldn't wait to get me out of the office and kept saying how busy he is.  		1	1	3 	Insurance:GHI
51	1	An amazingly kind, knowledgeable physician.  She is an excellent listener and compassion personified.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
51	1	Dr. Mahon is awsome.  I know for a fact I was near death when I visited her the first time with lithium toxicity and she has been the only person who helped me from day one.   She's awsome in every respect, honestly! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
51	1	Empathetic, knowledgeable, listens, understands, explains medication options. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
51	-1	Professionally not impressed.  Hours are not consistent, call backs take 2 to more days,  sessions unimpressive and non progressive even after a year of treatment.  Husband is the office manager, not impressed with him either.  Overall poor rating in all aspects.  Can get better treatment elsewhere.  	1	2	2	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
51	1	I am a current patient of Dr Mahon's.  I 've found her to be very helpful and kind. She take the time to explain things to me and listens to what I have to say.  I've never had a psychiatrist do that for me before. In my experiences they just ask you if the medicines you are taking are helping and then send you on your way.  Dr. Mahon has a lovely office too.  It doesn't feel like I'm in a doctor's office.  I feel like I'm in a friend's sitting room having tea.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
51	-1	My wife was a patient of Dr. Mahon's for almost one year and severely over-medicated her (in the opinion of 3 other doctors).  Dr. Mahon also advised my wife to stop taking her anti-depressants after my wife complained of side-affects which sent her into severe withdrawal.  Soon after, Dr. Mahon convinced me my wife was attempting to commit suicide and needed to be hospitalized because she stopped her medication and &quot;missed an appointment&quot; (for which my wife had none).  Dr. Mahon violated my wife's HIPAA rights by sharing with me every detail of my wife's treatment and conversations with the Dr.  Lastly, while in an appointment with Dr. Mahon the police arrived and forced my wife to go to the hospital or jail citing an incident that happened 10 yrs ago as the reason for hospitalization.   The hospital released my wife within a few hours because they had no reason to commit her. Dr. Mahon is rude, unprofessional, egotistical, and will worsen any condition she is attempting to treat. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	I can not say enough enough about Dr. Mailloux. Not only is he a brilliant nephrologist, but he is the kindest, gentlest, most patient doctor, and does not give up.  He recently went out of his way for me.. went beyond the &quot;call of duty&quot; and stepped out of his specialty and beyond his area of expertise when other specialsts I have been seeing for other medical issues had given up on me... he picked up the phone to call fellow doctors to ask for opinions about my case and even went as far as to ask for medical records from doctors of another specialty to sift through.. (that's a lot of work!) just to help me.  Now THAT is dedication!  (No other doctor would pick up a phone to call another doctor for me and he didn't hesitate.) I have had so many doctors give up on me and I can't tell you how special of a doctor Dr. Mailloux is.  He CARES for his patients.   I wish all doctors were as caring and compassionate as he is! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
53	-1	Nurse and Dr were very rude, did not listen to complete problems. When I was diagnosed, she didnt think to write down the diagnosis, so I could research it or know more about it at home. She told me I would have to get regular check-ups, but seemed to dismiss me as a patient. I dont know why as I did not give her attitude. I declined a treatment, for which she showed more upset over the money lost than anything else. I would NEVER recommend this doctor to anyone. 	1	4	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
54	-1	The worst waiting time of any doc i have ever seen over 3 1/2 hours both time I was there. It looks like a clinic in a hospital not a private office. If i have an appt for 4PM and end up leaving after 8 that's a joke.  the place looks like it was not updated in 30 years.  	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:GHI
54	-1	Extremely poor office; patients packed in.Dr. was rude rushed and refused to answer questions.He turned me over to a Physician assistant who was verbally abusive when I asked about antibiotics.   The worst !!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
54	-1	over 4 hours wait.  the office is packed with people as if they were sardines.  its not the first time, time for me to find a doctor who cares about his patients, and not the type of insurance and how to milk as many people as possible. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
54	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
54	-1	Disaster !!! 3 hour waiting time, and after all he refused to do a small proceedure in his office, instead forwarded me to a hospital. Very rude, and told me to go look for another doctor if i dont like it. 	4	1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	I love this doctor. He is the best! He really knows his stuff, hooks you up with the best rehab folks and specialists if you need surgery. Can't say enough good things about him. He's also a sports fanatic! He loves his work and his patients, and he makes you laugh even when you have a bad injury and are in pain.  Great man! Kudos! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	By far knows running and running injuries better than anyone! If you have an injury, this guy will find the answer to get you back. The truly is no one like him.      Does not take insurance but I got my out of network benefit back promptly from my insurance. If you want the best, sometimes you just have to pay! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	Does not take insurance, not the warmest bedside manner, but knowledgeable and well-known 		4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	He does not take insurance, but he is the best in the business for running-related injuries. They call him the &quot;Marathon Doc&quot;. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	good doctor   She is the best she knows her work very well 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	Good experience- went to this dr. for motivational career related therapy- and was very pleased.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:GHI
58	1	I Highly Recommend their services, I found my therapy made a great differnce in my overall life: my co-workers, friends and family noticed the change. I felt better after my first session.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
58	1	Very happy with the services and excited about my progress. Highly recommended. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	I went here for therapy, although I think they specialize in forensics. The therapy services are personalized and they do a great job at making themselves available. You can speak directly with your doctor at almost anytime so it kind of feels like a boutique office because of the doctors' accessibility. I guess they keep low caseloads, which explains why they are probably SO expensive. This is not the place where you can afford the costs to be in therapy for years, and if you're like me, you don't want to be in therapy forever, so I suggest you see Dr. Maddux. What I didn't like was the office location in DUMBO. I thought Water Street was in Manhattan&#63;&#63;&#63; It was so hard to find the first time and is really only close to the F train. I heard they have an office in Manhattan, but we never met there.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
59	1	Outstanding man, outstanding doctor. Helped us through a very difficult time with his surgical skills and his calm verbal approach to lessen our fears.  He continues to be the one we turn to for support and understanding to this day. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
59	-1	He was the rudest doctor i've ever met.  He yelled at me and treated me like a child and was very defensive. He has no respect for his patients and uses his authority to belittle them.  He did not listen to me and then accused me of lying.  For such an educated man, you would think that he would have some tact, or respect for others.  I've never been so completely  horrified by the treatment i have received from a doctor, and i would recommend that you run in the other direction from this man.  I can't even describe how upsetting it is that i spent so much money to be treated so poorly.  I hope no one has the misfortune of having him as their doctor.  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
60	1	A very dedicated er room doc - friendly and apparently competent he took care of my wife's issue and could not have been nicer. A young physician with a great future. 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	Excellent physician, no so great bedside manner. Can come off as a little insensitive at times, which is hard when you're a high risk OB patient. 		5	3	5 	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	He himself is brilliant and tops in the field of high-risk pregnancy and a pioneer in CVS. And he's a nice guy. BUT: his office staff is so bad about paper work, losing records, misfiling, not notifying patients about positive results on tests that he's really a walking malpractice suit risk! And he himself can be cavalier about side-effects of prescribed medicine. I would recommend him highly (we owe our daughter to him) but warn any patient to double-check &quot;the pill book&quot; and be ready to hound his office to make sure lab results get processed properly.  		4	3	5 	Insurance:GHI
62	1	I don't get much from this doctor but he is friendly and would explain the reports to you.  He don't have many patients, so the waiting is short.  He will refer you to another doctor for any other ailments.  Over all if you have kidney problems then go to him.  That's all he will do.  	3	4	4	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
63	1	I don't know why people gave Dr.Maher such horrible ratings, but my experience with her was great. I had ptosis surgery and I was really nervous with the whole idea of me being awake for the surgery, but the entire time, Dr.Maher was there to tell me even though I was half conscious, that everything is going to be okay. I felt no pain whatsoever and the results of my droopy eyelid was incredible. I was so happy with the results that both my eyes seemed aligned and I could see everything with both my eyes completely open. I was so grateful that she made me feel comfortable and every time I went back for a checkup, she was so lovely and friendly. I was very happy overall and this surgery has changed my life and it's all thanks to her.  I really recommend her :) good luck to all ^_^ 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
63	1	I was put-off by reviews about Dr. Maher, but went any way and had a great patient experience. I had a minor surgery on my lower lid. Dr. Maher is smart, efficient, and very pleasant to work with. I'd go back to her if I needed further care, and will be recommending her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
63	-1	I was seeing Dr Maher for a consult I came from 3 hours away. I had a previous surgury for my eyelid because of graves disease that had a bad outcome and wanted a second opinion.  I found her to be cold, arogant and condescending with no concern for me whatsoever.  She never introduced herself to me her only concern as soon as she walked in the door was about money. I have insurance but she does not except it so I would be paying out of pocket then have to be reembursed from my insurance.  She made me feel stupid, like why are you here there was no reason why I could not have this fixed by a doctor in my hometown where it would be paid in full.  Every time I tried to ask a question she would just talk over me and not even let me get it out. Just an overall horrible experience and I would not recommend this doctor to anyone no compassion whatesoever!! 	5	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	i am very grateful to Dr. Maher.  My eyelid was very droopy.  It affected my vision and appearance. She did a very good job repairing it and I found her to be kind.  I appreciate the  job she did on my eyelid and would recommend her to anyone with a similar problem. 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	Dr. Maher treated me various times for trichiasis.  Whenever I had problems with the eyelashes, she would schedule an immediate appointment. I can think of no one I could give a higher recommendation.  She is caring, capable, knowledgable, and skilled.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
63	1	I saw Dr. Maher for a consult and I found her cold and brusque. She barely makes good eye contact and her manner is definitely along the lines of, &quot;I'm the doctor; I know better; Don't ask me any questions.&quot; She may be an excellent doctor but her manner is very off-putting.  	3	4	3	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
63	-1	I was seeing her as a follow up because the original surgeon was in CA,purely to remove stitches from the eyelid.After her nice assistant did the procedure she came in and without even a proper hello I was asked &quot;What am I doing here&#63;&quot; in a condescending and accusatory tone. She was upset because there was no prior phone call from that Dr.(I can understand that) but she was very agressive with ME regarding it,while I was sitting there in a chair with her standing over me,with no eye in my socket and the door wide open to the hallway,it was humiliating and unprofessional.She was upset that frankly I hadn't had some kind of procedure done with her,which seemed the real issue.In the past she herself had expressed being uncomfortable with touching the implant,but she retorted that they would have done &quot;something&quot; in regards to the socket.Furthermore I was not offered so much as a dressing and had to leave the office with the eye exposed in front of everyone and on the streets of New York.  	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
64	1	Dr. Mackey is a kind and highly professional physician who is a gifted diagnostician.  He is an easy going guy with no pretensions and he is completely dedicated to his patients.  I give him my highest and most enthusiastic recommendation.  Additionally, his staff members are compassionate, responsive, and always helpful.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
64	1	Dr. Mackey and his staff are all very personable.  He is easy to talk with and listens to your concerns with care.  He is a good doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
64	1	Dr. Mackey is a highly-skilled and talented physician. He cares about his patients and is a gifted diagnostician. My entire family uses him and we recommend him highly and with great enthusiasm. Besides his medical capabilities, he's a great guy! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	Dr. Magno is a great doctor.  He always take the time to explain anything that I ask him.   He never rushes!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
65	1	I've been with Dr. Magno for years. He will tell you the honest truth even if it's not what you want to hear. He also genuinely cares about his patients, and it shows. He has office hours on Saturday in Brooklyn and knows the area well enough to recommend just about any kind of specialist. Long ago, I was in for an appointment when a man collapsed across the street. The staff let Dr. Magno know, and he didn't hesitate to leave his office to help the man out. An ambulance came before long. Dr. Magno handed off his patient and came back to the office, thanking us for waiting and doing his best to make up the lost time. He may not be the most formal doctor, but I feel like he's got my back in the best way possible.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
65	-1	horrible!!! I was a walk- in and there was a woman before me. She went in and was there for over 30 minutes. They came out and she asked what she needed to take. The doctor said in front of everyone in the waiting room that she was a drug addicted and that she needs rehab! She said nothing she was shocked for a while! He kept saying you need help! Everyone heard this!!  Then she said I am not! The doctor said i do not want you as a patient! She left! This was ALL done in front of everyone!! I felt so bad for her! If she is or not that should of never been said in front of EVERYONE!! Its called doctor patient privilege for a reason!!!     Worst doctor ever! The doctor is clearly unfit and unprofessional! I left, I did not want him as doctor! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	I pay cash because my company switched insurance carriers to GHI which the doctor doesn't accept. I'd rather pay than switch to a doctor of less competence. Dr. Magno is highly professional and a caring practitioner. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	LOVE LOVE LOVE HIM!!!Great bedside manner, very easy to speak with and he doesn't make you feel like an idiot. Right on with diagnosis' and treatment.  My only problem with him is that he won't open an office in Staten Island!! LOL 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
65	1	Dr.Magno is the best! with all i have been thru this year, Dr. Magno was with me all the way. He directed me to all the right Dr.'s ,and always calls me right back.... he's got the old school approach, of listening..being there.. and a big heart as well such a caring man!!!! My whole family loves him........ From a common cold to etc. he has always been on target!!!!!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
65	-1	Very dirty office, unprofessional staff, and a bad diagnosis.  Prescribed me antibiotics for the slightest hint of a cold.  I didn't take them, and called back to see if they were really necessary.  He told me to start taking them, and then to stop taking them if my symptoms stopped. It's common knowledge to take all the antibiotics on your prescription, even after symptoms stop.  	2	4	1	1 	Insurance:Oxford
65	1	. Excellent and very caring doctor, not ususally found in today's time 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
65	1	Dr. Magno is an excellent, caring doctor with a sweet kindness to him as well. He cares and he truly helps. He is by far the best doctor and one of the nicest I have ever been to.  His staff is friendly, Yet professional. Dr. Magno makes going to the dr. as plesant as it could ever be. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	Dr. Magno is a great listener.  He takes his time with his patients; he talks in a very kind tone of voice.  He has a great bedside manner.  His staff is also very friendly, courteous and helpful.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
65	1	Great Dr, Great Staff, doesn't get any better than this. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	very knowledgeable doctor with wonderful bedside manner 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	 	4	2	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	dr mager does amazing work.  the scar healed beautifully. i am so happy with my procedure. i would definitely recommend his work.  office staff/ support staff also kind, helpful and courteous.a pleasure from scheduling to  procedure to after care and billing and paperwork. THANK YOU! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
68	-1	Terrible experience. He failed to schedule my surgery with oxford Insurance Co. When I get to the operating room the clerk tries to get me to pay for the surgery or she was not going to allow me to have the surgery. The doctor was attempting to coerce the full amount for my surgery from me rather than the contracted lesser amount from the insurance co. Oxford disciplined him and Columbia hospital. Then he puts information into my medical report indicating that I was paranoid, needing psychiatric help, obviously to try to discredit me. He is not trained as a psychiatrist. He is retaliatory. He is highly unethical Stay away from this doctor as well as Columbia hospital. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	Knows his stuff. Listens to patients carefully and patiently and answers all your questions. Other patients we met at hospital could not praise his abilities enough.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
69	1	Put me at ease right away.  Asked questions then actually listened.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
70	-1	Untrained staff causes billing errors; very poor telephone etiquette; Dr does not talk on phone to patients...ever (according to staff). Dr discharges patients on a whim, i.e. when staff tells him to or for 1 missed appointment; several complaints from others I know. I also understand he can't keep a staff for very long either, which, of course, explains the training issues.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
71	1	I've been going to Dr. Magid for almost a decade.  That in itself should indicate the trust and respect I have for both his knowledge and his solicitude and genuine interest in his patients. I would beware of ratings that come from one disgruntled patient. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
71	-1	POor response to pain, no staff support, sloppy quality of work, does not respond for requests to forward x-rays etc as is standard of care.  		5	2	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
72	1	Dr. MacKenzie is the nicest doctor I have ever dealt with. He saw my husband for pre-surgery examination and clearance. In addition to being very knowledgeable and helpful, he inspired total confidence.  He answered all our questions and explained everything extremely well. He has a wonderful bedside manner.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
72	1	I have nothing but positive things to say about Dr. Mackenzie 	4	5	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	Sometimes you get lucky and find a dr. who really is up on her game, is not into the fads, will steer you away from things that aren't proven, and work wonders. Dr Madfes is very crafty with her needle and laser treatments making me look better and better with every passing year. Ill be 60 and Ive had no facial surgery but with her artistic skill I will never have to go that route. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	I have used Dr. Madfes for over 10 years. She is the sweetest, kindest human being! She is also very honest and won't tell you need something done just to make money.People think I am 10 years younger than I am because of her handiwork. Thank you, Dr. Madfes. Her staff is wonderful, too. Only downside..a long wait. 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	I met Dr. Madfes when she was working for another prominent dermatologist many years ago.  When she opened her own practice, I followed her. She is absolutely the best!  Her sweetness along with her intelligence is an unusual combination in a doctor.  I recommend her to everyone that I know. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	BEYOND WONDERFUL! Had been struggling for many years with skin problems. She is the ONLY Dr. who has had success with fixing these problems. I am grateful for her practice and the wonderful ladies who work in her office. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	Dr. Madfes is great.  She's very knowledgeable and will not do any treatment that she doesn't think will produce good results for a patient.   I love her! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
73	1	She is a truly wonderful doctor. I look forward to seeing her every time i attend her office. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	A wonderful and gifted cosmetic dermatologist. I trust her as she is open,honest and not one to get into every fad procedure. Ive never looked better and I owe that to her amazing skill as a physician. No surprises with her work. Flawless in every way!! 5 stars always!  VH 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	Dr. Madfres is truly the best!  I have been seeing her for over 5 years and I completely trust her with anything!!  She is honest and def doesn't do anything that doesn't need to be done.  She is an expert and has fixed any issues that has come up over the years. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	have been seeing dr madfes for over 10 years and completely love and trust her.  she is conservative and never does anything that she feels is unnecessary. she is a smart, personable and extremely capable doctor!!! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	Dr Madfes is AMAZING! i have struggled with eczema my whole life and when it breaks out she is able to clear it in 2 days without steroids! she is kind and caring. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	Dr. Madfes is the best!  She tells you the truth.  If she doesn't think you need something she will not do it.  Kind, caring and attentive.  You may have to wait, but she is worth it. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	Dr. Madfes is an extremely knowledgeable and capable doctor, one whom I trust 100%. She also is personally a pleasure to see and discuss anything with. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	Dr. Madfes is kind, knowledgable, a pleasure, and seems highly expert.  Downside: she overbooks, and the wait can be very long. No excuse for that. 	4	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	Dr. Madfes is wonderful! I had my tattoo lasered off. I trust her implicitly! I am now seeing her for my regular check ups. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	I also would highly recommend Dr. Madfes. I had a great experience with her for my Thermage treatment and plan to return. She also has a great staff and that is an added bonus. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	I cannot believe she has not yet been reviewed! I am from Dallas and fly to Manhattan JUST to see this doctor. She took away all of my acne scars via just a few affordable photorejuvenation treatments. But it wasn't just that that made me fall in love with her! If you could make a composite of all the good points of all the doctors you've met in your life - honesty regarding whether you need a certain treatment or not, incredibly caring and gentle, LISTENS, knowledge that remains extremely current (yet is not trendy, jumping on every brand-new idea/treatment bandwagon), knows when to say, &quot;You don't need that!,&quot; you would have Dr. Madfes. I love her! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
74	1	I was always resistant to therapy.  I knew that I had certain problems but I could never figure out how to help myself.  After receiving treatment with Dr. Macedonio I was amazed how everything began to make sense.  When she was treating me, I felt like I was just talking to a friend and I began to identify my problems.  She is kind, comforting, non judgemental and most of all she cares about her patients.  I feel blessed to have met her and I highly recomment her to anyone who is struggling in any walks of life. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
74	1	I cant even express how much Dr. Mary has helped me. She taught me how to take back control of my life and has given me the tools needed to handle what life may throw at me.  Without our sessions I dont know where I would be today.  She may have literally saved my life. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
74	1	. Great doctor, fixed my problem with ease! Perfectly on time, didn't make me wait, extremeley polite as well! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
75	1	Dr. Maier is one of a rare breed of doctors who will care for you as if you were her kin, no matter who you are. She is thorough and caring and many years of experience in a variety of environments behind her. Ask anyone who is blessed enough to live near enough to have her as their doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:GHI
76	0	i was running late for a appointment they gave me a 15 min. window i was there at 15 min 45sec jessica the receptionest was nasty to me yelling then turned the story around blamed me had me tossed out of the pratice i once met maddi for a stress test thats it his asst. dr. susan thomas outstanding ill miss her great person as well as dr.jerry rukowski the reception area 3rd hand kinda like what u would find in a dmv just not people  person very rude they went about this the wrong way but all happens for a reason i reccomend the 2 dr.s really dont no nothing about maddi sorry. but the worst part when i had to wait in the waiting room for my appt.45 min after schedule it was all right fine..so now i have to find a new cardiologist   any suggestions  terrance11866@gmail.com 	1	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
76	1	I like Dr Maddi, except with one problem every time you schedule and apponintment to see him you have to wait at least 3 months. Or you have to see a NP which has no knowledge of your condition. Dr Maddi is the best Cardiovascular Dr's in WNY.  	4	3	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
76	1	I don't know what these other people think but Dr. Maddi is one of the best doctors, if not the best doctor in WNY. I have been a patient for over 20 years and Dr. Maddi has been there for me and my family through the good times and the bad. His staff is very pleasant and they put a smile on your face each and every time you're there. Going to the doctors office should not be something to look forward to but honestly there is something about Dr. Maddi that makes your overall experience a great one.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
76	0	Dr. maddi started out great, but in the past 3 years I have seen 3 PAs. What is the problem&#63; I want a doctor who knows me, but instead I have to keep explaining my own history and that does not feel good. Is he even there&#63; 	2	2	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
76	-1	This office runs through Nurse Practitioners like I drink water.  The NPs are new and uneducated.  I have left the practice after they required me to come in for an appt even though I'd been there within the year for a refill for a coldsore treatment.   Decided then I was not subsidizing their &quot;numbers&quot; 	2	2	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
76	0	Maddi goes through PA like there was no tomorrow...my wife has NEVER seen Maddi only PA for over 3 years. I have made appointments to see MADDI only to see a PA after the appointment was made 3-4 months in advance. 	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
76	0	Both my Husband and myself like Dr. Maddi very much however we never can seem to get an appt with him.  My husband waited almost a yr to see him because they keep cancelling his appt and when he makes another one it's always a 6 month wait.  They cancelled again last Fri and told him the next available appt isn't until Nov 13th.  Needless to say he was quite upset. He doesn't want to see a NP he wants to see the Dr. All the NPs are new there too so I don't know who to see anymore. &quot;Time to change Doctors&quot; my husband said.  It's sad because we really liked Dr Maddi (when we could see him).  We're both on cholestrol meds and have to be checked .  Not in 6 months. That would make it a year and a half for Hubby.  Too long I must say.  	1	1	1	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
76	1	Very knowledgeable.  One of the best I've seen.  	 3/16/09	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
76	1	I like  Dr. Maddi,  He  has  a  pleasant  demeanor.  	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
76	1	Very knowledgeable but hard to get a appointment with &quot;HIM&quot;. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
76	1	Dr Maddi and his staff are very good. Highly recommond PA Karen.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
76	-1	Multiple visits to office were seen by LPN and not Doctor. Long wait prior to being seen (e.g. greater than 30 minutes of scheduled appointment). Personal opinion and impression that fees are more important than patient needs as demonstrated by delaying ordering of available diagnostic techniques after ruling out all least expensive treatments / approaches (rationale for not being very helpful). Doctor met spouse briefly in hospital but did not stop to visit with patient (rationale for not being very helpful). Condition in hospital was referred to another hospital and doctor (rationale for unknowledgeable). 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
77	1	THe best in business.  Caring compassionate and excellent surgeon 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
78	-1	This doctor spends little time talking to me, perhaps others.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	-1	 	2	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	Dr. Ma listened, administered exams, and answered my many questions in a pleasant, patient, professional and informative (for me) manner.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
79	1	I'm glad I didn't read this before I saw her. I've been seeing Dr. Ma for the past 2 years. I had terrible asthma in and out of the hospital all the time. She put me on this shot once a month and I haven't been in the er in a year. She's always kind to me! Would highly reccomend.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthFirst
79	-1	.  	3	2	1	2 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
79	1	I was referred to Dr. Ma by my ENT, who promised me she would take her time to help me figure out my allergy/sinus problems.  I have found Dr. Ma to be extremely thorough, patient, and pleasant.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
80	1	Doctor is hard-working, demonstrates that he cares about his patients, knowledgable of treatment/prescriptions for symptoms.  The patient sets the agenda with him and the patient will need to tell him exactly what s/he thinks s/he needs and is looking for.  	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Aetna
80	1	Excellent doctor.  Really knows his stuff.  Friendly staff that will go out of their way to help you.  Nurses are friendly and knowledgeable.  	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
81	1	greatest doctor i've ever had! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	Dr. MacDoanld is excellent in understanding the patient's physical needs as well as mental needs at all times. He is an excellent in diagnosing the problems and in recommmending what is needed to take care of the problem. 	5	5	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
83	1	Down to earth.  Will sit & listen & give you straight answers.  Will fight the Insurance Companies for you.  Does not overbook- minimal wait tim. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
83	1	A straight shooter. Will tell you like it is. Very friendly and helpful staff. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	Dr. Mahale is young and energetic.  She easily engages both of my kids and is very thorough in her examinations.  She is not one to over medicate and is careful in her diagnosing.   Strongly recommend her! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
85	1	Best doctor I have met.  Highly recommended. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	Dr MacKool is a genius! He is the greatest surgeon ever! I had surgery with him in 2005 cataract both eyes with the first version of ReStore lens - 7 years later I still thank him for his professionalism.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
86	1	Mackool is a miracle worker for tough cases!!! I have a low-vision condition that messed up the size/shape of my eyes and caused cataracts. In 2004, I had cataract surgery with a dr on LI on my smaller eye - he could not get the eye to support a replacement lens, and in the process of follow up procedures, caused severe damage to an already compromised cornea. I went to 4 other top specialists in NYC before finding Dr. Mackool; no one wanted to touch this mess. Best that some offered was a full corneal transplant and the possible use of an exterior contact lens, but no guarantees my eye could support that lens either. Dr. Mackool gave me a completely different, and far superior, alternative: a lens implant sutured to my sclera (the white part&#63;) and a &quot;DSEK&quot; (partial corneal transplant). He also completed catarct surgery on my other eye with no issues. These surgeries were completed in 2008, and today I am seeing better than ever, thanks to this amazingly talented surgeon.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
86	1	What the assembley line is to auto manufacturing the Mackool Institute is to cataract surgery. The place is a factory. Despie two waiting rooms, some days it's so crowded there's no place to sit. Mackool himself knows his stuff but you get to spend very little time with him. All followup is with staff, some of whom leave lots to be desired. After the surgery you never see Mackool again. If you're looking for personal care or a one-to-one relationship with a doctor this isn't the place for you. The only thing missing is a drive-thru window and they're probably working on that.  	3	3	3	5 	Insurance:Medicare
86	0	I don't know whether the doctor is a good surgeon or not and I will never find out.  The reason is that I was treated so poorly by the staff and doctor that I would never go back.  The staff was a bunch of petty beauracrats with primadonna attitudes.  I was literally tortured and verbally abused by both the staff and the doctor - what I was told would be a 2.5 hour appointment turned into a 5 hour appointment with absolutely no excuse or apology provided.  And yet the pompous doctor spent next to no time with me and never answered a single question.  The institute appears to be very poorly run and mismanaged and the staff are the most pathetic bunch of losers I have ever had the misfortune to encounter in a doctor's office. 	1	1	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	After one ophthalmologist said I would need cataract surgery on both eyes, I saw Dr. MacKool for a second opinion...Extensive examination by his staff and him led to his conclusion that I did not any surgery on either eye! He and his entire staff were extremely professional and conveyed a solid sense of competence. I recommend him most highly.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
86	1	After many years of a thyroid condition that turned my life upside down and previous eye surgeries after being told that there was a good possiblity that I may go blind in both eyes thanks to the NY eye and ear infirmary all went well. When diagnosed with cataracts they recomended Dr. Mackool. I feel as if I got my life back after the surgery by Dr.Mackool. He is a true proffesional in every step of the way. His staff is awesome as well. Thanks Dr.Mackool. Thanks staff at the Mackool institute. Happy and grateful in Queens.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:GHI
86	1	Very knowledgable for all eye problems. Has latest equipment and in known for lasic eye surgery.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
87	1	Great endorcrinologist. Very caring and thorough. Takes time to listen.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:GHI
88	1	My children were/are very well cared for.  Dr. M is the most patient doctor, very smart, helped us to sort through many issues. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	I was very nervous before my appointment because I had cortisone injections in the past that were quite painful.  Dr. Maderazo was very comforting and kind.  What's more is that I barely felt the injection.  He worked quickly and with great skill.  Its been 3 months and my hip has never felt better. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
90	-1	My appointment with Dr. Madariaga was during the March 2nd snow storm. I was there for 2 hours waiting to be seen (along with 3 other patients). The nurse finally told me the doctor just called and was cancelling his appointments because of the bad weather. Why couldn't he have done this 2 hours earlier&#63;  The staff made the effort to get there.  Other surgeons in the practice were there. A woman drove her very ill, elderly mom from a lot further than I had come. She was furious and made a huge scene in the waiting room because she called ahead and was told to come in. It was then revealed that this surgeon is leaving the practice in 3 weeks and not all of his staff were aware of this fact. How fair is it to schedule new patients with the likelyhood he wouldn't be following through with them&#63; I can't attest to how knowledgeable he is because I didn't see him.  Needing surgery is bad enough.  I therefore can't tolerate this doctor's lack of consideration. 	5	1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	I've been a patient of Dr. Madris for approximately 15 years and during that time I've found him to be an extremely professional doctor but one with genuine humanness. A number of years ago I was diagnosed with cancer and Dr. Madris recommended a surgeon and oncologist who treated me very successfully.  Without those recommendations I think that my outcome might have been very different.  I highly recommend Dr. Madris if you are seeking a doctor of professionalism, compassion and caring.  	 11/29/10	4	4	5	Insurance:Medicare
91	1	It's extremely unusual these days to find a doctor who is truly a nice person. Dr. Madris is that doctor. He actually LISTENS to me and we go over options together. He lets ME explain my problem and he explains  what we can do about it. He's patient and, in my case, saved me from a possibly life-threatening procedure suggested by a specialist. After 30 years of avoiding doctors, I had a health crisis that required someone with MY best interests at heart. Luckily, a friend recommended Dr. Mdris. I'm one of those men who has always been terrified of going to the doctor, too -- that was the FIRST thing Dr. Madris cured me of! Calm, knowledgeable and reassuring -- Dr. Madris' patience and strength is a great quiet resource to have in your corner when life starts throwing punches. I cannot recommend him any more strongly. Just go and meet him for yourself. (And PS, his staff is just as kind and helpful as he is.  I look forward to going to the doctor now!) 	 9/26/10	5	4	5	Insurance:Oxford
91	1	WHEN I BEGAN AS YOUR PATIENT IN JULY, 2008, I WAS IN VERY BAD SHAPE.  I HAD BEEN IN CONSTANT PAIN SINCE FEBRUARY 19, 2008 AND ALL THE DOCTORS THAT I WENT TO LOOKED AT THE OLD RECORDS AND PRESCRIBED MEDICINE TO TAKE CARE OF THE PAIN - NOT TO ELIMATE THE CAUSE OF THE PAIN.  YOU IMPRESSED ME BY NOT BEING INTERESTED IN WHAT WAS PAST - YOU WANTED TO EXAMINE ME AND DRAW YOUR OWN CONCLUSIONS.  YOU UNDERSTOOD THAT I WAS REALLY HURTING AND THAT BECAME YOUR MAIN CONCERN. YES, I HAD OTHER PROBLEMS BUT THEY WERE SECONDARY TO GETTING ME OUT OF THE PAIN AND DEPRESSION THAT I WAS IN.  YOU CARED ABOUT WHAT I WAS FEELING.  YOU HELPED TO SAVE MY SANITY.  I WASN'T CRAZY. WHEN THE PROBLEM WAS FINALLY DIAGNOSED AS BEING MY HIP, YOU WERE SUPPORTIVE IN MY PROCEEDING AND ENCOURAGING IN MY RECOVERY. YOUR HELP HAS MADE MY DEPRESSION DISAPPEAR AND MY CONFIDENCE REAPPEAR.  WHEN YOU TOOK YOUR OATH TO HELP YOUR PATIENTS, YOU REALLY TOOK IT TO HEART.  THANK YOU.  	 9/24/10	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
91	1	Doctor Madris literally saved my life about 14 years ago.  I was bitten by a spiker which became Celluritis but was not properly diagnosed by a NJ physician during a visit to the Morristown Hospital emergency room. My office at that time was Parsippany eventhough I lived in New Rochelle, NY.  Once Dr. Madris was informed of my symptoms he immediately insisted I go to White Plains Hospital to be admitted and placed on an IV. My condition was so poor that I ended up on the IV for 2 full days. Without his immediate intervention and expert advise the infection would've traveled up my arm to my lymph nodes and god knows what would've happen to me. Dr. Madris is a terrific doctor who really cares about his patients...thank you...  	 9/16/10	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
91	1	I have been goingto Dr. Madris for the last nine years and have found him to be not only competent, but compassionate. He takes the time to explain to me in layman's terms my condition and has always been proactive in my care.  After some visits, he has even called me from his car on his way home to ask me how I was feeling and if I had any questions or concerns to call him or even come in to see him.  I have done so on several occasions and I was able to see him the same day.  How many doctors do that. 	 9/16/10	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	I'm writing to express our gratitude for the exceptional care my dad has received as his patient.My father is 86 years old.After back surgery, his physical health deteriorated. Fortunately, we found Dr.Madris. It was immediately apparent that he handle his patiens with sincere compasion as well as applying extensive knowledge of geriatric medicine. He guided us in correcting the offending regime he was receiving at the nursing home where he had been rehabilitating. He also diagnosed a heart attack that his other doctors overlooked. His alert diagnosis may have saved my father's life or at least protected his heart from further damage. When he first saw my father, he was physically ailing, unable to walk or stand, and mentally frail. Today, he walks with a walker or cane, his mind is sharp,his appetite is healthy and renewed enthusiasm for life. He has given our father back. We have witnessed his patience and sincere, deep-caring for my dad's needs.  We have built a relationship of trust 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
91	1	Dr. Madris has been my primary care physician for approximately 19 years. Even in this age of HMOs he has retained a sense of purpose in genuinely caring for this patients' health and welfare. He does not rus you out of his office and takes the time to research questions and provide informative answers and insights.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
91	-1	Dr. Madris misrepresented himself.  My 86 year old Mother went to him becasue he said he did hospital visits. She saw him 3 times and he did nothing to help her and blamed it on that she asked too many questions (He gives 20 minuties to the second). She had a bad fall a few weeks after seeing him and was in the hospital for a few days.  He didn't come see her or even call.  Then she chose a certain rehab place because he apparently saw patients there.  Never saw him and nurses there said he never came.  He knew that she was in both the hospital and nursing home.   He is uncaring, cavalier about an older woman's problems.  We saw a new Dr. yesterday and he did more for my Mom in one visit than all of the 3 she had with Madris.   p.s.  He is not shy in what he charges and the first thing the receptiopnist does when you walk in is to get the co-pay (which my Mother never has to pay anywhere else). 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	Great doctor. Helped me through 3 bouts of cancer.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
93	1	Dr. Macaluso is an incredibly knowledgeable neurologist with an amazing understanding of multiple sclerosis. He takes the time to listen, he gives you answers, and he shows you documented evidence to substantiate what he is telling you. He's willing to try new and innovative methods to help to slow the spread of MS in a patient. He makes himself available, 24/7, and you never have to wait in his office. He is part of the TOUCH program, and has a TOUCH registered RN administer Tysabri in his office.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
94	1	Friends have been suggesting acupuncture to me for over a year now as a way to manage my chronic back pain. I was hesitant, but after just four sessions with Irina I feel a world of difference. I am so happy I decided to visit her office.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
94	1	Each session its a pleasant experience. Love her and accupancture made my vertigo and nosea go way. Looking forward to see her again. Thank you Dr. Magdul 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
94	1	Although I have only begun going to Dr. Magdul for acupuncture, she is very patient, attentive, and very sweet. At first I was very skeptical about acupuncture being that i am afraid of needles, but it was completely painless. I felt very comfortable in her office, which is clean and professional. I look forward to my future acupuncture sessions with Dr. Magdul. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
94	1	Thank you so much to Dr. Irina for my speedy recovery from sciatical pain. Please take note that she is very attentive to her patients' needs and extremely knowledgeable of her trait. I never felt rushed out of her clean office where the ambience is set forth to relax you and guide you in your recovery. Dr. Magdul also treated my mother from smoking who successfully quit after almost 40yrs of this poor habit. I wish everyone good health but i highly recommend to seek Dr. Irina Magdul's help if you find yourself &quot;off balance&quot; or in pain. Humbly, Christina Ihrig 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
95	1	Dr.Mack is the best doctor i have evr met and hear of.  He delivered my baby and the hospital staff had so much respect for him bc he only allows greatness! Knowledgeable and kind... he explains EVERYTHING to you so you understand and can see all your options.  Best docotor!! i say yes 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
95	1	Dr. Mack is the most knowledgable doctor in the field.  He puts forth so much dedication and compassion for his patients.  He is always readily available for his patients and puts their needs first.  I highly recommend Dr. Mack and his staff for high risk patients!!  We absolutely love him and his office.  They are so friendly and warm. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
95	1	I have told Dr. MAck on more than one occasion that he is truly a god among doctors.  This man is just the most knowledgeable doctor.  He delivered my first born and is now going to deliver my second any day now.  He is always going above and beyond and would do anything for his patients.  They just don't make doctors like him anymore.  As someone else on here said, he demands perfection everytime and very true that the hospitals and their staff are afraid of him, because he doesn't take no if he thinks it is in his patient's best interest and care.  Absolutely love him and thank god everyday that he is my doctor, because I went to a few doctors before him and they were just not as knowledgeable and definitely didn't have his bedside manner.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
95	1	Dr Mack has been my Ob/Gyn since I was 19, I am 46 now and would never go to anyone else. I have referred several women to him and they all come back to me saying they dont know how they have lived without him being their Dr. He is compassionate, always going over the top to make sure you are being cared for the right way. I am in the medical field myself, and I dont know any doctors that are like Dr Mack. He is a ver special, caring ,knowledgeable...he is the simply the Best .. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
95	1	Mack goes above and beyond each and every time!! The staff at the hospital didn't want Macks patients because he demands nothing but the best for his patient, anything less is unacceptable to him. He is very kind and knowledgeable and never misses a beat! I consider myself very lucky to have found him. 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
95	1	Dr. Mack is the best!  If it wasn't for him I would not have my beautiful child.  Mack is extremely knowledgeable, warm and compassionate.  I have also called him on more than one occasion for questions, referrals and just plain old advice and he is always there for me.   The only downside is there is usually a long wait time before I get to see him because his high risk patients often have emergencies.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:GHI
95	1	One of the best doctors in the country...thorough, kind, compassionate, caring and takes all the time you need to talk to you and your concerns.   They do not make doctors like this anymore 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
95	1	Awesome in every detail. Personable, caring, focused on the individual. Office staff is equally great. If I hadn't found him 5 years ago, I wouldn't be going to any MD....  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
96	1	Very kind, respectful toward children and their parents and a smart doctor. Excellent clinician and diagnostician.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
97	1	I've been seeing Dr. Madoff for 6+ years now and will not go to anyone else. She delivered my daughter with care and perfection and has been a wonderful doctor to me.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
97	0	Dr. Madoff is mean. She was not kind. I was afraid of the drug peutocin. She told me &quot;This is the way we do it if you don't like it then you will need to see someone else&quot; However another DR. with the same group explained it is used only if i have trouble dilating. She talked down to me. I went into labor on a sund spoke to me like a little child and said &quot;do not come back until you can't walk or talk&quot;. I stayed home until Dr. Stern was on call and gave birth following day. She is Horrible! Why is she taking care of pregnant women. 	4	4	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
97	1	I feel very comportable with Dr. Madoff. I will not see anyone else. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
97	-1	. not friendly, takes no time with patients and never smiles, very rude 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
97	-1	Dr Madoff bedside manner leaves a lot to be desired. She maybe a smart lady, but she comes off as superior and belittling, I left that pratice after 25 years (3 births!) because of her. When I started at that office 25 yrs ago they had personalities now that office packs the patients in like cattle, long waits, very inpersonal service. After 25 yrs not a question as to why I left... too bad.  	3	2	2	2 	Insurance:Oxford
97	1	Dr.Madoff is the best doctor i have ever been to, she is very understanding, and gentle, i recommend her to everyone. she did my surgery, my moms surgery, and delivered my sisters baby, she is the best. The receptionists are not very nice but i just kill them with kindness and they start being nice after that, try it it works. 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
97	1	Dr. Madoff is knowledgeable, thorough, thoughtful, and, very importantly, gentle when examining you.  She has excellent patient skills and promptly follows up visits w/test results and interpretations.  Whenever I leave her office, I feel like I understand exactly what is going on and what my options are. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
97	1	I think that Dr. Madoff is very friendly, knowledgeable, thorough and gentle. The staff is always friendly and helpful.  I would recommend this practice to anyone looking for an OB/GYN.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
97	0	The Staff at Fishkill Obstetrics and Gynecology is abominable.  Every receptionist is rude/unhelpful, and every doctor I have seen has treated me like cattle...mooove 'em in, move 'em out.  I must say that the ladies in the billing/insurance department are lovely, though, and the nurse staff is in general very caring.  Dr. Madoff barely looked at me from the moment she walked in and roughly shook my hand, to the time she left (saying she would be back with my prescriptions, and never returned).  She scoffed at my inability to remember details of my medical history (whether or not I'd ever had my thyroid checked), and was condescending when I explained what I knew (about my own body...the nerve!!)  I would describe her as &quot;testy&quot;, at best.  She wrote my prescriptions wrong twice and was not kind in re-doing them.  Finally, her exam was not gentle.  Dr. Madoff's bedside manner leaves something to be desired.  	1	3	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
