dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	-1	Where do I start&#63;! B4 even seeing the doctor: 1st..his biller attempted to charge me a $75 deductible that didn't apply. They argued with me until they called my insurance company just to confirm how wrong they were. The look on her face was priceless when she was told I was right. 2nd the M. Assistant took a BP while I was standing...(inaccurate reading obviously), then she weighed me an didn't read the scale properly.(She noted an additional 10 lbs because she was too lazy to get a closer look.)Now the Doctor:After not having a complete physical in over 3 years, a month and half wait for an appointment and a 4 hour wait in the waiting area; the doctor ask a few question pertaining to history, checked my neck, my stomach and sent me on my way to get lab work!! He did NOTHING WHAT SO EVER!!No ear, mouth, throat exam, No reflex check, He didn't even make me cough.  The lady that took my blood didn't know enough to put gloves on while drawing blood!!Horrible Facility/Experience!Stay Away! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
1	-1	Horrible doctor; prescribes medicines like it is candy. Had medical emergency, ended up going to Emergency room since he never called back from all calls placed to on call pager as they went unanswered; never followed up with me to find cause of calls. Nurse is not properly trained as she does not know how to locate vein to draw blood; poked several times before blood was drawn.  STAY AWAY; HORRIBLE DOCTOR!!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
1	1	although you must wait hours before being seen by him, he is worth your wait. good bedside manner and knows what he's talking about. He always helps me even if I &quot;think&quot; I'm sick. 		2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	Dr. Facchini is an excellent therapist...extremely knowledgable and helpful. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	Very helpful broad knowledge  and friendly. Easy to discuss medical issues.  Takes time with you 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
3	1	So busy he gets distracted and doesn't answer sonem questiosn because of this.  His offcie staff is a  mess. 	2	1	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	-1	Dr. George Fairey is an unprofessional, uncooperative doctor who does not call his patients back when they are admitted into the hospital after he prescribed the wrong medication and never tested my bloodwork!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
5	-1	This dentist sees all her young patients as cash print machine. She rushed in and out without any necessary communication and explanation to the procedure  that she plans to perform. She did expensive works on my child within a short 10min while I was sitting in the same room. She started and finished without any of my understanding and consent. It is absurd. I would only assume that she, as a young dentist who just came out of school for 2 years, rushing to make money is her priority rather than being a solid good dentist. SAD for her. 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	Dr Peggy Fard is profesionally great and personally pleasent.  She is great! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
5	1	Dr Peggy made my daughter so comfortable. She is an amazing dentist.  I will follow her on her new practice in Yonker.  My daughter loved her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	-1	dr was told pt is difficult and used a back board with straps to tie child down.  would not recomend  any child to go here 	4	1	2	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
6	1	I went in with excruiating pain in my back left side middle. Dr Farren told me I bruised my ribs..he adjusted me. I feel 10% better after one day and one treatment.  He's my guardian angel 	5	5	4	4 	Insurance:GHI
6	1	. he was a very caring doctor and he also made me feel like  amillion bucks after treatment 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
7	1	This doctor wont Rx any Pain or Anzity meds, told me to hit the road and gave me no rx. I have been on pain meds 6 years with full records, He wouldn't even look at them. Called me a druggie. Thanks doc! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	. great doc and very helpfull,needs to improve his staff,works crazy hours,no need for an appt 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	THE MAN IS UNBELIEVABLE YOU CAN WALK IN WITH NO APPOINTMENT AND HE WILL ACCOMODATE. VERY WELL ROUNDED AND GREATEST BED-SIDE MANNER EVER. HE CARES AS IF HE IS RELATED!!!! YOU WILL NEVER FIND A MORE DEVOTED DOCTOR.  ONE TIME MY MOM WAS SICK AND HE EVEN CAME TO THE HOUSE AT 1230 AM WHAT A MAN WHAT A DR! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
7	-1	He was horrible he never explains anything . He writes prescriptions and bangs out your insurance.  	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
7	0	. everyone knows this man as the candy man because you walk out with at least 2 rxs every time! hes just ok very convenient 	2	1	3	3 	Insurance:HIP
7	-1	don't know what to say, he is operting a supermarket not as medical office with a very bad medical knowlege 	2	1	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	His staff is a little slow, but HE is extremely well rounded. You can come to him for almost any infection/problem imaginable & he knows a cure. Don't be skeptical to go.  He is well known in the community as well 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:GHI
7	-1	 	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	He was very knowledgable and explained everything to me!! I recieved copies of all tests and reports.  I even had problems getting presciptions from the pharmacy and he changed them with no problems!! 	 12/7/06		5	5	Insurance:Tricare
8	1	Very nice and friendly Staff is also very nice too 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	a very nice doctor who listens and cares.  nice nurses too. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	-1	If you want a doctor who will respect you as a patient, listen to your concerns and explain your options, then this is NOT the doctor for you. I found Dr Farid to be very condescending, he ordered all sorts of tests and would not explain why he ordered them or what they were intended to diagnose/rule out. I suspect he capitalizes on the availability of patients' insurance and profits from patients who blindly go along with what he orders.  If you are committed to a job and you cannot make a career out of going for dozens of tests and followups then you need a more discerning doctor who will respect your time. 	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
10	-1	stay away from this idot doctor he is allthe above negative comments 	5	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	Excellent doctor and staff.            Highly recommendable.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:GHI
10	-1	Rushes you and treats you poorly. Very rude and unprofessional. The office staff continually cancels, or sets bad appointments. The doctor uses traveling technicians that make it very impersonal. Refuses to sit and have a verbal consult after appointments. I am sure the doc is very smart, but he doesn't realize how the patients feel. 	2	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	Dr. Farid and Staff are excellent. It is a well run operation. They ALWAYS call you to remind you of your next appointment. He is NEVER satisfied until the numbers of the heart patient are VERY good. He is no average doctor but rather excellent as is his brother and staff. Highly recommended. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	-1	didnt like his attitude & wasnt very knowledgeable 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	Proffesional, yet friendly and very thorough. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	0	never returns calls 		1	1	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	-1	After being made to wait a VERY LONG TIME in the waiting area, I got to see this PA rather than the MD who I thought I had been given an appmt. for and paid all that cash for. then I had to call many times just to get my lab results  in the weeks that followed. This PA certainly almost gave me a heart attack when she seemed to glibly suggest that I might have HIV based on a recital of my symptoms, for what turned out to be very different than HIV.  The most appalling thing was however, for her to offhand dismiss a specialist who was not a member of this practice. This happened when, frustrated by the vague diagnostic recommedations I got at this practice, I suggested I would see this specialist  for the condition that I suspected having (which turned out to be accurate). At this point, this PA, who was not even attending to me that day, just badmouthed this specialist (who was the one to finally treat me) when I mentioned his name and suggested I not go  see him. Very unprofessional ! 	2	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	Dr. Fabian saved my leg. After a nasty auto accident in 92' Dr. Fabian put a metal rod in my broken femur. I had him remove it 2 years later. If it were not for Dr. Fabian my quality of life would have been with one leg. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	Dr. Fabian performed emergency surgery on me in 92. I had a broken femur from a car accident. He put a metal rod inside the bone which I had him remove a year later. My leg healed completely.Thanks Dr. Fabian 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	Dr. Fabian gave me a new knee 5 years ago.  He has humor, intelligence and skill.  I am now planning to have the other knee done with him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
12	1	Dr Fabian is nothing short of a LIFE SAVER!  My husband had a &quot;routine&quot; knee reconstruction in 2006 with a different doctor in NJ.  After a less than full recovery and SEVERE and persistent pain, we sought out additional opinions.  3 other orthopedic surgeons blew my husband off and though he was simply drug-seeking!!  It was only when we found Dr. Fabian that we had hope for him to walk again!  He knew right away what was wrong.  He explored the knee arthroscopically and found a fracture in the lower leg that no other doctor had found (or even looked for!)  He fused the bone, scraped the knee and with in a week my husband was is no pain.  The post script to this is that it took another 2 months for my husband to safely wean off the cocktail of meds that he had to take to just make it through the day over the year and a half prior to finding this angel, Dr. Fabian.   He is kind, fun, patient, and above all knowledgable!  He's amazing! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	1	Dr. Fagelman is my PCP and he is great.  Thoughtful about my health issues.  He maintains a broad approach to my health and doesn't just specifically respond to my questions.  Proactively cares about his patients' overall health moreso than just fixing one off illnesses or ailments.   Great doctor! 	4	5	4	5 	Insurance:Aetna
13	1	Great doctor!  he's young and very knowledgeable.  His office space is really cool and is shared with a dermatologist! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	Wonderful, caring, asks the right questions, follows up with the patient.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	Went to Dr. Fader after 2 other consults. He was almost half price of the other 2 guys. Very nice, explained everything, and made us feel very comfortable from the start. His staff is very helpful as well. Treatment has gone pretty much as planned-braces are scheduled to come off in a few weeks, and my sons teeth look great. We are referring anyone who asks to Dr. Fader. He's the best! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	Just got my braces off.I am so happy-my teeth look great. The nicest dr. In the world. His staff is great too. I would recommend to anyone. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	My son got a great result. Dr. Fader's fee was the lowest around, and I was very satisfied with him and his staff. My dentist thought he did a great job as well. You rarely have to wait more than a couple of minutes to be seen, and he and his staff is very attentive.It was a pleasure going to Dr. Fader, and I will recommend him to anyone needing braces. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	-1	I had my braces on for 5 years, but I was told in an advance that my case needs approximately 2 years, I took excellent care of my braces, no broken brackets, I just followed up his instructions but, it was totally waste of time, after braces I have still spaces and Dr. sad to me, when I asked him to fix my problem that my problem is a kind of mental!!!Very disappointed. 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
14	-1	this office is unprofessional like the doctor. front desk is not friendly unprofessional and rude. this office has no value of customer care.  very unsatisfied with this doctor will not reccomend this office to anyone 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
14	-1	Dr.called my son crazy and F...little buster just because he had a few broken brackets. Very disappointed. 	2	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	Dr.Faraci is the best. He is accurate knowledgeable and thorough. He makes sure your child is top priority,even though he has a waiting room full of patients.Dr.Faraci has a great bed side manner. There is 24 hour availability, from my experience,  he will see you anytime there is any concern. Also, he will talk to you on the phone about any concerns. Thats why i drive an hour to see him . Only the best for my kid. 	 6/11/12	5	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	I absolutely love this doctor, he seems to be very knowledgable and thorough about various topics, takes time in the room to talk to me, and seems to truly care about my child's health. He is definitely worth the wait time, you invest some time in the waiting room but for that level of care, I am certainly willing to wait. I have been going to both the Brooklyn office and the new Targee office, I must admit that I have never had a problem with the staff. I actually want to thank the staff because once I called 15 minutes prior to them closing because my son was sick and they offered to wait for me. It is great to have a pediatrician that is open every day of the week and is on call during the night.  I can not stress enough my appreciation for this office, I could not ask for anything more!!! 	 6/6/12	4	2	5	Insurance:GHI
15	1	As I was told, Dr. Nick rocks. I was referred to the Targee St. office by a friend.  I hesitated based on a prior review of the staff there.  However, I went the other day with my very sick child, and I found the staff to be very helpful and accomodating from my phone call to my showing up at the office.  And the doc rocks.  This guy is right on the money and was able to diagnose my child quickly and without alot of expensive testing.  A CBC did it!  The office seemed really fine, maybe the 'bad staff' is no longer there.  Again, Dr. Nick rocks.  He really helped us.  	 5/29/12	5	4	5	Insurance:Aetna
15	1	My prenatal consultation made me fall in love with the place. The doctor himself is very knowledgable, good with my baby, and thorough. I will start to go to the hylan blvd location and I suggest others do the same. The staff at the targee street location, more specifically the tall heavy set girl at the front desk never seems to have my childs referal in time, or chart for that matter. I was completely horrified sitting in the waiting room with a fellow parent and have to listen to the front desk worker use curses around my child and act for lack of a better word-&quot;ghetto&quot;. Theres been two incidents where I have scheduled well-checks and when I come in, I am questioned whether or not I made an appointment! I am beyond frustrated with this location, I hope I have better luck with the hylan blvd one otherwise I may unfortunately have to find a new pediatrician for my baby.  	 12/17/11	1	3	3	Insurance:GHI
15	1	My mother started taking me here when I was 3 years old upon recommendation. I had severe breathing problems and he diagnosed me with asthma, something my other doctor at the time couldn't. In my years growing up I had many asthma attacks n was hospitalized many times. Every time I was in need of healing he was always there to cure me back to 100%. I continued to see him till I was at the max age and if I could have I would have never left. I am now 24 and I hope that when I have children some day he's still practicing because he's definitely my first choice. I hope he never retires! 	 6/6/11	4	3	5	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	To the comment below, Hmmm..you definitely work for Premiere Pediatrics!!! How nice of you to advertise your practice with the exact location!! Dr. Faraci is the BEST!!!  He's caring, very knowledgeable, concerned, kid friendly and compassionate…just amazing!!!  I can't praise him enough!!  My kids love Dr. Faraci and his staff!  When my son was very sick Dr. Faraci took care of him until he was well again.  He personally searched for specialists to help us out.  He always returned my calls and answered all my questions.  Even on many occasions, he saw my family and other families long after his office closed.  He really knows everything!!  My husband and I have so much faith in him.  In Dr.  Faraci WE TRUST!!!! 	 6/1/11	4	5	5	Insurance:Oxford
15	1	Dr. Nick Faraci, is an intelligent, amazing doctor with caring bedside manners! He helped my son with some serious concerns we had, he took the time after his long hours to help my son resolve the issue, and personally called me himself with answers and the hope we were looking for, Dr. Faraci is a very comforting doctor and is like Dr. House, can solve anything immediately no maybes or come back next week, he knows his stuff and he knows his patients, he will answer any questions and give you advice, He also has a caring staff, that works with you anytime you need something! I don’t know how you could go anywhere else! Dr. Faraci is a genius and I trust him 150% I never question his diagnosis, I only see him because his words are golden! Thank you Dr.  Faraci for all you have done for my son and my family! God Bless you! The DeFranco Family 	 5/4/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Oxford
15	1	DR. FARACI IS NOTHING SHORT OF AMAZING. HE TAKES HIS TIME, ANSWERS ALL QUESTIONS- NO MATTER HOW RIDICULOUS THEY SOUND, HE MAKES APPOINTMENTS WITH WONDERFUL SPECIALISTS AND RETURNS CALLS RIGHT AWAY. I RECOMMENDED HIM TO ALL MY FRIENDS WITH CHILDREN AND EXPECTING CHILDREN. THE STAFF GETS CHARTS READY QUICKLY, GETS YOU IN THE ROOM FAST, ASKS MILESTONE QUESTIONS, ETC. BOTH MY CHILDREN SEE HIM AND I'D NEVER SWITCH! ASFAR AS THE NEGATIVE POST BELOW- I THINK HE POSTED UNDER THE WRONG NAME SORRY BUDDY!!! 	 10/6/10	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
15	1	COMPREHENSIVE PEDIATRICS ROCKS!!!   Dr Nick is as close to God as you can get.  The man is brilliant, nothing stumps him.  He and his staff are friendly and very helpful.  They'll even make you appointments with specialists.  My kids have been patients forever and I would NEVER go anywhere else.  Dr Nick has even treated my husband and myself on occassion.  The man was born to heal!!!  Any time or day that I have called I have never been turned away.  They have 3 locations so you can go to any of their offices any time any day.   Hope you never retire Dr Nick!!! 	 10/5/10	5	4	5	Insurance:GHI
15	-1	Although I have no complaints about any of the doctors at this practice, as an overall experience, this office is not worth the effort. The medical assistants / receptionists / nurses, etc. are the nastiest collection of know it all people I've ever seen. They treat people like they are doing us a favor by treating our kids and that we are imbeciles who aren't allowed to ask questions or take a proactive approach. It takes more than a good doctor to have a good practice, and I imagine this is why the best of the staff, including doctors and associated staff, has left and went to work for Premier Pediatrics located at 2955 Veterans Road West Suite 2C Staten Island, New York (across from Target). This office is a much better choice. Sorry Dr. Faraci, but it's time to realize that we're in 2010 and people want to be treated with respect. It's time to turn over your incompetent staff.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
15	1	Dr. Faraci is a dedicated doctor who has a genuine love for children.  No matter how busy the office is his examination is always thorough.  He takes the time to answer all of my questions and address my parental concerns.  Dr. Faraci encourages my participation in my daughter’s health care by taking the time to educate and inform me.  I feel that this is extremely important, especially when it comes to the issue of vaccination.  Although Dr. Faraci does not agree with my decision to delay vaccination he is respectful of my position.  He takes the time to listen to my concerns and recommends informative literature.  Dr. Faraci is the head of an extremely large practice, yet he took the time to write a letter addressing the issue of vaccination at my request.  It is not often that you find a doctor who really cares about you and your child.  Dr. Faraci was highly recommended by my friends, family and Obstetrician and I’m so grateful to have found him.  Sincerely, Ms.  Stapleton 	 2/17/09	5	3	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
15	1	Dr. Faraci has been my kids doctor since their born, referred by my sister. Prior to that we never knew him and recently my husband brought one of my kids to see him and as always he would ask us all how we are doing.  My husband mentioned a lump in his face and without any full exam, exrays, etc., Dr Faraci diagnosed it as being a tumor.  He referred him to a specialist in NYC and with a cat scan done by this doctor and a secondary confirmation of the scan by a specialist who reads these scans, it is a tumor.  Dr Faraci knows his stuff, he hit it on the head.  He and his practice are #1. He will be my kids doctor until he can't no more, no matter where I live.  And when their grown, I will probably call him still when I have a question.  Hopefullymy grandchildren will be able to be one of his patients.  Signed Mrs B, Jackson, NJ, ex Islander. 	 2/8/09	5	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	My 2 daughters are patients of Dr. Nick & I don't trust them with anyone else. Don't believe last post is legitimate, as I also requested split MMR (in 2007). At the time, Merck was behind on production of the split MMR & it was no where to be found. At my request, we didn't give daughter this vaccine until split MMR finally shipped from Merck. He immediately pulled the 3 vials & set them aside for us since he knew how committed to split vaccine I was, & he was in total support of that--and my very cautious/alternative approach with vaccines (after reading Dr. Sears &quot;The Vaccine Book&quot;; Dr. Nick even had his staff order this book for him). Extremely thorough exam. Always right on the money with diagnosis. Refers to top-notch specialists. Writes everything down for you, explains thoroughly. After-hrs call-back within 5 min. Always able to get sick child in immediately. I don't experience wait in office since my 2 are very young & I take them during day when most kids in school.  	 12/11/08	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	-1	Left this office after Dr very rude. Asked Dr. To split my sons MMR. Told me that I was stupid and that no research supported autism with this shot. Asked him to do it anyway. Was told that I would have to pay another $30 co pay and left the room. Came back and gave the shot. I asked at the desk when I can reschedule for the other half of shot, girl disappeared and came back and said no need gave the full MMR. I was pissed! Whether I was right or wrong, ignored. Never went back after that.  	2	2	2	2 	Insurance:Oxford
15	1	. i think Dr Faraci is the best doctor in Staten Island my brothers and i as well as my cousin's were one of his first patients and now my son see's him he is very helpful and takes his time to explain everything to you and he writes it all down he really cares about patients i myself need to see a neurologist  and i didn't care for the one's my doctor recommended so i called Dr Faraci and he gave me a few doctors name and he did not have to do that i am no longer his  patient and have not been for many years but he cares about people and helps you in any way he can i if i could still see him i would i recommended he to everyone i know that has kids 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
15	1	MUST READ ABOUT DR. NICK FARACI! - If you are a new parent or just need a doctor that pays close to attention to your child's development, I strongly advise you to go to him. During well checks, he examines every part of the body to ensure that your child is growing and developing properly. On two occasions, I made the mistake of taking my daughter to others doctors for well checks and neither of the two doctors found a problem with my daughter’s eye. Dr. Nick did. He knows both of my daughters, like they were his family. He also treated and monitored my daughter’s severe acid reflux. He is proactive in sending my daughters to specialists or x-rays to rule things out or get advanced medical attention. He will also take whatever time is needed to explain instructions & answer any questions. He actually writes out instructions for you to take home. A little sloppy, but docs write weird. We feel so lucky to have Dr. Nick. P.S. We travel 45 min to see him.  Worth every dime! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
15	1	Absolutely the best pediatrician on the island. The wait is rough but, if you can get over that, he is easily the best. I recommend him to everyone. His colleagues who also are in his office are also all great so, if in a hurry, one can always get great medical attention. He's great with kids. He is truly passionate about his work.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:GHI
15	1	My son is 4 1/2 months old - I was referred to Dr. Faraci by my OB as well as many friends and coworkers.  I feel he is a good pediatrician and do prefer to see him when he is in the office.  But the wait is horrible.  The staff will give you a heads up if the wait is really long and if you would like to see the other doctors or PA's who are usually available right away.  The office is always accomodating which is probably why they are always packed.  	4	1	4	4 	Insurance:Oxford
15	1	My kids have been going to Dr. Faraci for over 7 years. He is very knowledgeable and his staff as well. I have never had a problem with him or his  doctor staff. Sure you have to wait a little longer then usual but he is worth the wait every time.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
15	-1	I was a patient of both him and his father and hated them both completely. I stopped seeing them when I was ten because by then my mom let me see her doctor who I absolutely love. I left there practice almost ten years ago and will never go back. Dr. Nick has no compassion or bed side manners. He is way too hyper and always bouncing off the walls. Keep your children away! 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	Dr. Nick is the best doctor i've ever met. Hes hilarious and very thorough. Hes only a doctor, not god, he diagnoses from what he hears, he doesnt have x-ray vision. I would rather go to his office where i have to wait - then go to a doctor with no patients!!! (that would be a problem). I Love DR NICKKKKKK...... &lt;3 UR STAFF 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
15	1	Dr. Faraci is the best you will get on the Island. he is very thorough. If your child is sick make sure you visit when he is in the office.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
15	1	Dr. Feraci is the BEST Doctor in the world, I refer to him to be very close to God. I have brought my son to him since he was born, and I swear by Doctor Faraci. My son was about two months old and broke out with acne all over his face, Dr. Feraci had told me to use Selson Blue the dandruff shampoo and I thought he was nuts, but the next day the acne was gone. My son was very sick between 2 and three years old. He would have ear infections every other week, with the help of Feraci, my son never got tubes placed in his ears and I thank Dr. Feraci for that. My son once vomited for 14 days and Dr.Feraci would check on him everyday and gave him shots.I myself once broke out in a rash and I showed to Dr. Feraci he said it looks like THE FIFTH DISEASE andsent me for blood work,sure enough it was. My son had ringworm and he cured it, where my friends MD it took over 6 months. Dr. Feracri is always on Target. I will see no one but him. I will go to Brooklyn if I need to.  Truly Angelone Family 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	1	I know Dr. nick for seven years.I think Dr.Nick is a wonderful doctor. I have 4 children from the ages 7 to 4months. he always ask how my other children are when I come for an offices visit. I also find the office staff great,they are very help****when you have questions. i would not change my doctor for anything.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	1	Dr. Faraci is the best pediatrician in the world. He and his office have been my childrens ped. since they're born. Even when I was between insurances, would pay out of pocket before I took them elswhere. Moved to NJ. & been to a few peds., but no one gives the service his office gives. Their available 7 days a week with someone always on call, excellent treatment & diagnosis, & excellent specialist referals. Heard of many people who don't care for Dr. Faraci or his assocs. but still bring their children there because they know a good doctor when they get one, maybe thats why his office is always packed. Keep trying to get him to open his practice in NJ, but thats OK, still worth the 45-55 min ride between gas, tolls, and service cannot be beat. My Children love Dr. Faraci and his assocs as well. He's never missed a beat with my kids, and has a great bedside manner with them. He'll be their ped. till they are of age. Sincerely Mrs.  B, Jackson, NJ 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
15	-1	DR FARACI IS AN ABSOLUTE MORON! TOLD ME TO CONTINUE FEEDING MY SON SIMILAC SOY EVEN THOUGH HE KEPT THROWING UP BECAUSE HE WAS GAINING WEIGHT. MY MONTH OLD HAD CAUGHT THAT HORRIBLE STOMACH VIRUS THAT WENT AROUND EARLIER THIS YEAR AND HE TOLD ME OVER THE PHONE I BETTER HOPE IT WASNT THE STOMACH VIRUS AS THOUGH TO SAY HE WILL DIE.  WHEN HE GAVE ME THE INSTRUCTIONS ON FEEDING HIM THE PEDIALYTE I ASKED HIM TO REPEAT BECAUSE HE WAS GOING TO FAST HE GOT ANNOYED AND WHEN I ASKED WHAT IF THIS DOESNT WORK AND HE GOT NASTY AND SAID WELL YOUR GOING TO CALL ME BACK, YOU GOT MY NUMBER! CAN SOMEONE TELL THAT **** TO OPEN HIS EYES WHEN HE SPEAKS TO YOU! HIS FATHER WAS ALSO A PEDIATRICIAN AND MY HUSBAND WAS HIS PATIENT MANY YEARS AGO AND HE SAYS HES NASTY TOO! FARACI SHOULDNT TREAT CHILDREN! 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	1	My child has been a patient of several doctors on Staten Island. Noone knew what he had. He coughed for weeks. I went to Dr. Faraci and he suspected Whooping Cough. We did the blood test and he was right! Thank you.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:GHI
15	1	Great practice but too many in waiting area and too quick to prescribe new drugs.  		2	5	5 	Insurance:GHI
15	1	Very smart man, knows his stuff and thats kids..Always right, very kind, gives you all his time when u finally get in there (wink!).  One thing he, and all pediatricians need to do and that is GET WITH IT WITH AUTISM! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:GHI
15	1	I have been seeing Dr. Nick Faraci for 10 years. Two children and one on the way.I recently moved to New Jersey Which is a 35 min. drive. Everyone thinks I'm crazy but i will not switch. Dr. Faraci is a wonderful doctor I love him and so do my children. He is always on target with exactly the correct diagnosis. His office is always crowded but to me that is a good sign of a good practice. I hate waited for him but I always do and will continue to.  He and his practice I will always recommend Caring mother from New Jersey 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	1	Dr. Faraci is a top quality doctor. He is very thorough and clear when communicating his profesional opnions to us. We have continued to use his services for all three of our children even though we no longer live in state. We have every confidence in him and will continue to highly recomend him to any parent. 		2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	I started to use Comprehensive Pediatrics after two other attempts with Doctors. Dr. Faraci was the only one who helped me clear up my daughter's bad case of Eczema.His office continues to be very helpful and understanding to my needs especially as a first time mother. His office does get a little busy but every time my daughter was sick they either took her that day or answered my call. I have seen all the doctor's in the office and they have all been very helpful. I recommend them to everyone.  		4	4	4 	Insurance:Aetna
15	-1	Incredibly unhelpful and unknowledgable in the care of an intact (read:uncircumcised)penis. He repeatedly tried to retract my son's foreskin after repeatedly being told not to. He told me that &quot;small baby's need our help&quot; and that &quot;95% of boys are circumcised&quot;. Both completely FALSE statements. Dr. Farachi is not up to date on current findings and research regarding circumcision and that is misleading to parents. Furthermore, he has to respect a parent's decision in their child's medical care. He chose to completely ignore what I was telling him and do what he thought was best, even though what he thought was best was completely hurtful and harmful. I left the practice immediately afterwards. He is not foreskin friendly.  		1	1	1 	Insurance:GHI
15	-1	Oh my God! This guy is an awful md.He is big on drugs, drugs and more drugs. The office is a zoo, no one knows you or cares to since there are so many other patients to see. I prefer a smaller, saner office for my kids. I left and found another local md. who is not a &quot;knucklehead. &quot; 		1	2	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
15	1	Busy practice, open 7 days a week which is very helpful when you've got sick kids. Takes the time to explain things through when you've got a problem. Very professional guy. I live in New Jersey and after seeing a couple of local knuckleheads, now drive 35 min., pay a toll bridge and bring my kids back to his practice. He's also helped me out with my minor illnesses when I was sick along with my kids. Great skin guy, knows his rashes better than the Dermatologists. Only complaint is that sometimes you've got to wait, they can get pretty busy, however if you call and say you've got a sick kid, they'll see you that day. Best thing about him is that he's right on target with his diagnosis and treatment, gives you the right medicine when you need it and gets you better really fast, Which is very helpful when both parents work.  Frehold NJ Mom 		4	5	5 	Insurance:GHI
16	1	VERY NICE AND WILLING TO LISTEN TO YOUR CONCERNS 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	Office staff helpful and polite. Prompt service with average wait time of 20 minutes. Dr. is very condescending when answering questions if you have a differing opinion on treatment options. Did not feel as if I was allowed to participate in my own treatment.  	5	4	3	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	I find her to be friendly easy to talk to, helpful with understand prescriptions and helping you find people or tests to make you well and keep you well.She takes time to treat you like a person, not looking at her watch all the time. I just like her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	1	I love Dr. Falkner. She is always cheerful, friendly, and puts you at ease.   I actually look forward to my visits with her! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	I love Dr. Farkas! he is very dedicated and educated about bariatric surgery.  I have no complications and I'm always treated with respect.  The only issue I have is Bronx Lebanon staff who made me feel like my stay was a short stay in hell! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:HIP
19	1	Explains in detail your condition. Every question is answered with politiness. And he will not rush you out of his office until you understand everything.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:HIP
20	-1	Bring your bankbook. Even saying &quot;hello&quot; will result in a bill from this place. The procedures I had done were all out of network, even though the doctor's visit itself was in-network. No one bothered to mention that to me. It cost me a small fortune I could ill afford to pay.  I was given some sample medicines for my condition and sent away. The doctor never mentioned that my condition is chronic and will never leave me.  He even said don't bother to come for follow-ups. I had to find out the real story of my condition from my GP. Why did I bother going to this specialist at all&#63; Save your money and stick with your family practicioner. 	4	5	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	very pleasant and easy to talk to. listens attentively. seems very knowledeable 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:GHI
20	1	. Good doctor 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unicare
21	1	he his very knowledgable,nice&caring. He; saved my life 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	Excellent Electrophysiologist - Highly recommend 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	good! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	-1	BREAST AUGMENTATION: I went to Dr. Falcone for a breast augmentation.  He charged me for a consultation, which is not applied to the cost of the procedure.  I had a bad result.  Both breasts &quot;bottomed out&quot; immediately following the procedure.  It took me a year to find another plastic surgeon qualified and experienced in breast revision, and his consultations are free.  I underwent a breast revision.  Fortunately, I was able to get it corrected, but it required undergoing a second surgery that is more difficult and just as expensive as the first procedure.  The breast revision procedure is not covered by insurance. 	2	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	He ruined my breasts.  Waited years for surgery and now I am so embarassed of them. He was nice enough  most of the time. Eluded to me being overweight. Sorry I went to hime and referred others.  Am waiting toget in with another Dr.  	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	0	. The wait is horrible my appointment was 45 minutes ago and still waiting! 	1	1	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	1	Dr. Farber treated my dad;who was 87, tenderly &amp; with compassion. Will always be greatful. He's been my dr. &amp; my daughters also. Knowledgeable ,courteous &amp; straight forward. Recommend highly.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
24	1	good bedside manners.  Patient and answers questions.  Don't feel rushed.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:HIP
24	1	Serious practitioner. Knowledgeable and a fine doctor. Too chummy with drug reps. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	Office was nicwe and clean, Staff very helpful and full of smiles.  I was redirected to the proper office, despite their being several locations.  Compared to all other doctors I called that week, about ten, 5 th ave podiatry added me on within a day, as I had an infection, I think.  Actuaklly it was defiantely, and within a few hours of treatment and and an antibiotic from dR FANO, i WAS FEELING BETTER///.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:GHI
25	1	The office staff was very nice, welcoming me with a smile despite my being 10 minutes late.  The doctor was very knowledgable and spoke in both laymans terms and medical terms depending on my understanding.   Overall, I was very pleased with the treatment and outcome, I almost look foward to my next appointment to see what further steps will be taken to correct my condition to completion! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:GHI
25	1	Dr. Fanno is very helpful and knowledgeable.  His service is exceptional and he makes his patients very comfortable.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
25	1	Great Staff, friendly helpful and very professional.        Dr Fanno was knowledgeable knew how to help me with my foot issue 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	0	Receptionist is rude and condescending, nurses are ok. Wait times are horrendous. Doctor is kind but sometimes dismissive.  	1	1	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	1	Polite, professional. Listen's and responds to all questions. Always gives free samples if available. I never feel rushed when I'm being seen. Sometimes the wait is longer but, worth the wait. I have recommended this Dr.to friends and family.  	4	3	5	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	-1	very poor rating for this doctor. needed to find out things form myself. he was not knowledgeable and i think he may be getting sued. made me go for a bunch of needles tests and was not going to give me antibiotics for and obvious infection that could have killed me. 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
26	0	Doctor treated me well but did not seem to remember my history. The nurses made me feel welcome, the receptionist made me feel I was bothering her. I had to call myself to get a referral number for the specialist. Time spent with the doctor 5 minutes time spent waiting 90 minutes. 		1	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	My insurance co is not on the list.  Dr. Farrel is an attentive doctor who cuts through the data and addresses the person. He will explain, props and all, what is happening and why - a lost skill. He will provide detailed goals and steps, and will coach one on how to progress; he does not merely move on to another dollar sign. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	Very pleased for consistently excellent, caring and effective medical service over several years by the doctor and staff. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	I was forced to change my primary care physician after my company changed insurance providers. I found Dr. Farrell to be very friendly, and I think he does a great job making you feel comfortable. He is very thorough, and is always willing to answer questions. It is not easy being 30+ years old and changing doctors, but I am extremely happy with my choice.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
27	0	If you like a diagnosis by computer - then go to this office.  The PA is better than the doctor  explaining and in 'bedside' manners.  Farrell talks at you --not with you.  Last time he kept trying to give us outdated drug samples.  Glad we noticed.  	2	3	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	1	One of the most thorough doctors in Family Pratice out there. You leave that office with a clear understanding of your diagnosis and any treatment options. A wonderful wonderful wonderful doctor. I have been a patient there for a number of years. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	DR. TONY FARHA HAS BEEN MY DENTIST FOR FOUR YEARS.  HE HAS BEEN ALWAYS KIND, PROFESSIONAL AND CARING.  HE ALWAYS TAKES TIME TO EXPLAIN THE PROCEDURES AND CONCERNS THAT I HAVE.  I HAD IMPLANTS DONE AND I VERY HAPPY WITH THE OUTCOME. NOW MY HUSBAND AND MY DAUGHTER GOES TO HIM.  I  HIGHLY RECOMMEND DR. FARHA. HE IS AN OUTSTANDING DENTIST.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
29	1	This is the greatest ortho office. The staff is so friendly and the care given is amazing. I'm so glad I chose this office for my orthodontics! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
30	-1	This doctor only refers patients to see specialist within QLIMG. Your HIP insurance plan entitles you to see ANY Physician or Specialist as long as they're participating with an authorized HIP referral from your Primary Care Physician. There is no point in seeing this doctor. He is wasting your time and is collecting money from your insurance.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:HIP
30	0	NICE DR. NEEDS TO LISTEN MORE.  		3	3	3 	Insurance:GHI
31	-1	Worst experience ever! I was told as a new patient I would pay $125, for less then a 5 min visit I was charged $285. They told me the policy had changed and when I asked why I was told on the phone $125 they said that If I had spoken to her she would have told me otherwise. Also I went to ask for a copy of the policy and they did not have one! Basically they are liars and are just hoarding money for themselves.  Bad practice and evil people. STAY AWAY!! 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	Not only was Mike a wonderful doctor with a funny personality, but he was also a good friend!  He will truly be missed by many!  Godspeed!  R.I.P Mike! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
34	0	It is hard to tell how knowledgeable this dr. is.   She is pleasant and seems to listen but has been irritable when I had trouble keeping my thoughts together while dealing with a difficult headache.  The first contact with staff was just fine but afterwards all downhill.  Person who mainly answers the phone is condescending and has extremely poor communication skills.She seems overburdened by work which could explain some of it. The staff &quot;nurse&quot; is volatile.  This is supossed to be a comprehensive MS center yet They do not seem to know how to deal with patients in a less stressful manner. I though stress made MS worse.  The staff seems to have nor regard for this.  I am thinking of switching mainly due to the staff at this point.  	1	4	3	3 	Insurance:Aetna
35	-1	.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	-1	Dr. Fano is entirely unprofessional. Today he told me he would not take me as a patient as I &quot;take too much medicine&quot;. He wouldn't even let me tell him what the medicines were for as they are each for a different ailment. He asked me if my psychiatrist had prescribed the meds and I said &quot;psychopharmacologist&quot; and he said it's better he not see me because he doesn't approve. So I said, &quot;So I'm too sick to be your patient.&quot; He said, &quot;No, you take too much medicine.&quot; I said &quot;Which I would never ask you to prescribe!&quot; He sid he didn't care and couldn't take me on as a patient. I asked him if he could at least write me a referral to a gastroenterologist I have an appt. with. He said, &quot;Find a doctor to treat you and let them do it.&quot; I told him, &quot;Several years ago, a psychiatrist told me that he couldn't see me anymore because he had run out of ideas of how to help me. What you just said was more of a slap in the face than that. I'm disgusted.&quot; And I walked out.  	4	5	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
35	0	waited 40 minutes, even though my appointment was for a certain time.. office was not clean. looks to be more concerned with type of insurance than what was actually wrong with me. will not go there again. 	2	2	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	. he is very kind and helpful the same his staff 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	1	Dr Farmer is best doctor that furies me of my back problem.I WENT TO BED IN PAIN AND WOKE UP IN PAIN FOR OVER 10 YEARS.UNTIL THE DAY I found Dr Farmer.I must admit after surgeory.  I did have to learn how to sleep.Four hours of good sleep Is all I need.I never felt I was alone while in the care of Dr Farmer.Even in the hospital he came to see me every morning.He can stand next to God. What a healer 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
36	1	Six weeks ago Dr. Farmer performed a spinal fusion surgery on my vertebrae L4 and L5 and I am healing well, feeling so much better and I have Dr. Farmer to thank for being such a phenomenal, kind &amp; caring surgeon.  He's the best! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
36	1	I had a lumbar fusion in May of 2009, Dr Farmers is on of the best doctors I ever seen. He explain the procedure to me and let me know if there were any problem just call him. His staffs are very professonal.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
36	1	I love Dr Farmer! I had a microdiscectomy done by him 8 years ago.  When I recently reherniated the disc again, he was just as friendly, helpful, and knowledgable as he was 8 years ago.   HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
36	-1	Dr. Farmer did a microdiscectomy on my lower back.  At first, seemed ok, but pain came back within a month.  He told me to get an epidural and sent me back to the referring HSS doctor.  I thought they were coordinating my care, but turns out I was wrong. I feel that Dr. Farmer dropped the ball.  	2	2	1	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
36	1	I found Dr Farmer to be very friendly, knowledgeble, and willing to take the time to explain in detail my problems and offer solutions which were honest and realistic. He anwsered all my questions (and I had a lot)and he really took time with me which I really appreciated.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	1	I can't say enough about the wonderful care I received at Dr. Farmer's office.  After dealing with many physicians regarding my situation, it was a refreshing experience.  The doctor respects your time and doesn't keep you waiting forever unnecessarily. He listens and explains everything thouroughly and doesn't make you feel rushed. He is upfront about what may or may not work. He won't make promises he can't keep. While I haven't decided on my surgery yet, the patients I have spoken with all have had great results. I wouldn't go to anyone else.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	0	Winter 2003 Due to sciatic pain in my right leg Dr Farmer did a microdisectomy results (no improvement)the following year 2004 I agreed to try an Anterior posterior fusion (pain improved at first(maybe due to bedrest) but then returned.  	4	4	3	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	0	My experience was so extremely different from others below. I have 3 herniated discs. Dr. Farmer was recommended to me. He entered the examining room, sat down, and within 1 minute said he can't help me. He didn't elaborate, refused to offer any assistance when asked, gave no alternatives, said I was beyond help and would get worse with age. 1 week later a highly regarded neurosurgeon at NYU just offered to perform microsurgery on my back. Whether Farmer simply was having a bad day, I can't say. Let me reassure any doubters out there, that this was the one and only time I saw him. I was respectful in those few short minutes, and sat in his cold examining room, absolutely stunned by what I consider a complete lack of medical generousity, insight, and protocol. Utterly unhelpful, Dr. Farmer was hardly an upstanding citizen to his profession as far as I'm concerned.  	1	4	1	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
36	0	in 2004 june i had a laminectomy to relieve lower back pain. pain got worse. in october was told i needed to have a fusion l-4,l-5 all that did was move pain from one part of my legs to another. after 5 days in hospital for special surgery i got an infection in the lower back and had emergency surgery that night i ended up staying another 5 days. its been over 5 years and the pain just gets worse and worse. now i`m going to the spine institute at beth israel! they have a much lower infection rate than h.s.s.i will ad that dr. farmer was a complete gentleman and had a very good personality, he just didn`t help me. also JOANNE the secretary is a real sweet heart. i hope you have better results than i did. i just hope i will get some relief from the spine institute.  	4	3	1	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	-1	Terrible experience.  Was more concerned about my painkillers then my problem.  Very superficial exam and explanations.  Sent me to a pain specialist.  Who had an agenda of  of getting me off pain killers, not my mental  or physical problems 	4	2	1	2 	Insurance:Aetna
36	1	Dr. Farmer performed back surgery on me in July 2007.  Incredible success.  I am back playing basketball, working out, etc.  Prior to the surgery, I could not take 10 steps before excruciating paid would hit my legs. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	I was in debilitating pain for 8 months and had seen 2 doctors prior to Dr. Farmer.  He saw me and within a week and a half he had operated on my spine and I was pain free.  Every person at HSS was friendly and helpful; everyone.  From receptionist to nurse to doctors they were all great. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	After being diagnosed with Failed Back Surgery Syndrome and in severe pain, I saw Dr. James Farmer. He performed a very complicated proceedure: a complete revision of a lumbar (lower) spine fusion with instrumentation. This means he removed rods, nuts &amp; bolts from my low back, and implanted new rods, nuts &amp; bolts and bone to re-fuse the low back (L4-S2) from the back. Then, two weeks later, he fused the front of the spine with a metal cage and bone graft, assisted by a vascular surgeon, from the front (through the abdomen). His surgical skill is amazing, and his bedside manner is gentle, comforting and reassuring (in my experience, quite uncommon for an orthopedic surgeon). Although this proceedure must be repeated every ten years (due to mechanical wear &amp; tear) I have every confidence in Dr. James Farmer, and the Hospital for Special Surgeries. I certainly don't look forward to the process, but have no fear when Dr. Farmer operates again. My pain is managed, I can walk, a 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	I had a microdiscectomy in the year 2000 by Dr. Farmer at the Hosp. for Special Surgery. He is by far one of the most sincere doctors I have ever met. He did an excellent job with my surgery and always responded immediately to phone calls, etc. The Hospital for Spec. Surgery is also top-notch. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	Dr Farmer specializes in Spinal Surgery. He performed a Lumbar Microdiscectomy on me 9 months ago and I am like a new person! I can't praise him enough, he's an execptionally kind persson - no pretense, no arrogance, he's brilliant. His Assistant Joanne is a lovely person too.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
37	-1	I saw the PA for a routine visit I asked about a small spot on my temple curious if it looked like skin cancer, the PA said it was just an age spot and he pulled out a wand and froze it - he froze it for so long that he burned deep in to my skin and when my face blew up from the procedure I texted him pictures, instead of having me come in to be checked he phoned a script for steroids in to pharmacy.  I am now left with deep scars and bills are mounting for a specialist to repair the damage- I wouldn't bring my dog here 	3	4	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
37	1	. His office and staff are amazing! the best I've ever been seen by, boy are they helpful and knowledgeable! Highly recommend anyone to be treated by this offce 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
37	1	Dr. Fabregas is a good GP with a genuine compassion and concern for his patients. I have been with him for many years. Recently, he has added a woman (a woman, not a girl) to work the front office and the improvement has been noticable. The front office was previously not up to par, but it is now vastly improved.  	3	4	5	4 	Insurance:GHI
37	1	Dr. Fabregas is very caring, knowledgeable, I have been with him since 1998. Will continue to stay with him even thou.....the staff always changes and sucks, the place is too small for the amount of patients. The place is old, falling apart and dirty. It is time for him to use some of the $$$ he earns back into the place or get a new office space.  	1	1	5	5 	Insurance:HIP
37	0	Completely under staffed!!!!! Receptionists are medical technicians and vice versa.  Patients are rude and nasty due to this which in turn leads to the below comments.  Office is repulsive.  Between the smell of sewage and mold you WILL leave with a virus if your not already sick! Bringing this up to Dr Fabregas got me embarrased and insulted as he walked away as I was speaking.  I ONLY see his physician assistant Peter now. He returns calls the same day and is always available and spends time reviewing your case. Its unfortunate that the staff suffers for the owners inability to provide a clean and sterile office.  They are very friendly &amp; helpful when they are treated the same.   Just call way in advance when you need something because theres only 1 receptionist if its your lucky day! 	3	2	3	3 	Insurance:Oxford
37	0	Staff terrible but can't blame them for everything. Physician Assistant trys to sell u vitamins. Fabergas never returns calls - too busy for messages-  took 3 months for him to go over test results. He needs another MD on staff - Good for quick fixes but if you need real doctor- go somewhere else. 	1	1	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	Dr Fabregass is a good Doctor and appears to be knowledgeable and thorough  but his office is falling apart and most of the staff is quite poor.  The office is always overcrowded and overbooked and appointments are rarely on time. You can be on hold for 20-30 minutes when you call to book an appointment or speak to Dr Fabregas (which at this point you almost never can).  	1	1	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
37	1	I've been to a number of docs, and this one is the best I've ever been to.  He's been able to help me when no one else has.  The staff is a little young and immature, but that seems to be the trend these days. As far as the doc himself, he's the best and I've already referred a number of other people to him. 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
37	-1	I have been with Dr. F for about 3 years. I have begun to notice that the office is getting very dirty and is in need of repairs. The tiles in the floor are broken, there are used band-aids and cotton puffs on the floor. Forget talking about the bathroom. I don't want to even discuss that. It was the most repulsive thing I have ever seen in my entire life. The office sticks of sewer backup and it looked like it was on the floor. The young punk girls in the office need to take lessons on how to be nice to patients. They have no manners at all. One day when they go to see somebody I hope they get treated like a piece of garbage. The only good thing that came out of this is that I have gotten the best Orthopedic Doctor in  the world. Dr. Fabregas, if you read this, CLEAN UP YOUR ACT or you will have no patients left.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
37	-1	Did not see Dr. Fabregas the last 3 times I went there I saw the physicians assistant who gave me a prescription which landed me in the ER with hallucinations and then he told me to  see a physicarist which in turn did not take my insurance. To top it all off he gave me that test for dizziness which is called the Dix Hallpike test and who ever is reading this should not take this test as they put heavy goggles over your eyes and spins you around in a chair in the dark then you sit on a table and the technician throws you back on a table.  To make matters worse the bathroom is horrible and the whole office smells from the toilet overflowing which the board of health should shut this office down 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
37	1	Office staff is useless. Dr Fabregass is a gentleman and an excellent doctor. His RA, Ruiz is ok. Phone calls take weeks to be returned.  	1	2	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
37	0	Staff is VERY nasty, and unprofessional. Dr.F. frequently overbooks appts. You are going to wait!! His P.A. on staff is amazing!!! Dr.F. is good at letting my concerns {high blood pressure runs in my family] go by the way side. Im ok, I should stop being so concerned with blood pressure! His P.A.  on staff I LOVE!!!!! 	1	1	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
37	1	Dr fabregas and his partner dr john do have theri problems. The above ratings are accurate, but once in to see them I have never seen anyone more professional or complete which probably is the reason for punctual rating. He does spend alot of time with you, I agree getting to see him when you are sick is almost impossible. 	2	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
37	-1	. Bathroom disgusting - Office falling apart - Staff very unprofessional - Drug reps see the doctor more than you do and get in a lot quicker 	3	1	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
37	1	He should really start with a staff that at least smiles and says thank you. Be prepared to wait a very long time, most people have the same appointment which means they are double booking. Good Doctor but does not return calls in a timely manner.  (Like the same day perhaps he is not eve n getting them who knows)&#63; 	1	1	3	4 	Insurance:Aetna
37	1	Been with him since he started. Now his office is a factory line. Good luck getting to see him when your ill.  I cannot remember last time I could get an appointment to see him, always have to settle for another doctor or wait a day or more to see him.  That is not very helpful when you are sick.  	1	1	3	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
37	0	office staff never gives messages 	3	2	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	Very hlepful, very knowledgable, very friendly. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	Very caring and was willing to talk about my concerns even in the operating room.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
39	1	Great surgeon!Caring and thorough.He made me whole again after another surgeon messed me up.I would recommend him highly! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	Very personable. Took time to explain all aspects of test results. Did not feel rushed. The only negative comment would be that he does not return calls when a patient wants to speak to them.  He schedules an appointment 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Oxford
41	1	HE IS THE BEST!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  RECOMMEND HIM TO EVRYONE. ONLY WISH HE DID BOTOX! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	I've been going to Dr. F. for a few years now...I think he rocks. Does a lot of charity work in less fortunate countries as well. I highly recommend him. All around good egg. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	I've been going to him for years.  He is fast with you and a little quirky but he seems to know his stuff.  	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:GHI
41	1	Really  great dr.  Very personable.  Spends time to answer questions.  I've gone to him twice and my acne is all but gone now.  Highly intelligent, knowledgable.  I usually hate dr's appts (who doesn't) but I look forward to seeing him.  The staff is excellent as well.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
41	-1	My first visit I wrote down under symptoms that I am highly allergic to sulfa based drugs (once led to an emergency room visit.)  In addition to writing this on my patient form I directly told him, then on my second visit we prescribed me a sulfa base drug. I did not know it was sulfa based until after a few weeks of using it and doing my own research (father in law is a doctor.)  Be very wary of this MD.  	5	3	1	2 	Insurance:CIGNA
41	1	A very knowledgeable doctor; Wonderful. non-threatening; knows his stuff. he permanently removed a growth on my finger that another dr. had poor treated.. i've been seeing him for quite a few years and have never had a complaint about him. I recommend him to friends.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
41	1	This doctor helped me quite a bit. He has a kind sense of humor and was able to offer me a good cure. He sees a lot of patients and a few times I've had to wait but he was worth it. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	I believe this doctor is very educated in the dermatological field. He expresses his opinions every so often about certain subjects, but not to the extent of overwhelming the patient with boring conversations. Is very wise in the medical field when it comes to up-to-date diagnosis and is helpful in achieving your content. Also, knows very much about European History and is a character when it comes to explaining topics. In other words, very good, noble, and wise dermatologist to see when ever in need of assistance.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:HIP
41	-1	Rushes you out of office b/c his schedule is tight (shouldn't be my problem); not interested in discussing symptoms, etc. Cold and remote. Seems unhappy. 		3	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	I found this doctor to be very knowledgeable and helpful, even though his behavior at times was somewhat abrupt. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
41	-1	Very arrogant and a little domineering. Thinks he knows everything and any comment you make is not important to him. Whatever you say to him about your problem,he tries to change your words around so it's the way he wants it to be. He thinks he is better than you. Don't see this dermotologist. He's a waste of money and your precious time. 		3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
42	0	Self absorbed. Doesn't return calls even if message is left. Charges astronomical amounts without even trying to run insurance .  	5	3	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
42	1	OVERALL, SPENT AMPLE TIME TO EXPLAIN MY CONDITION, FOUND A WAY TO EVENTUALLY CONTROL A VERY UNCONTOLLABLE HIGH BLOOD PRESURE.  GOOD  SENSE OF HUMOR 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
42	-1	Had to wait in exam room too long. Just seemen to referr me out.  	3	3	2	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
42	1	he is able to provide same day appointments and even walk-ins.GREAT BEDSIDE MANNER.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
43	1	I just love this practice. He delivered both my children and was wonderful caring. I also had two miscarriages and the compassion was beautiful. I received phone calls at home and even flowers. I would recommend him to anyone and have in the past.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
43	1	Dr. Farkash is a wonderful doctor I would recommend him to anyone and I have. He is very compassionate and understanding. I have 2 children and one on the way in about 2 weeks. He delivered my 2nd son and will deliver this one. I don't think that anyone could or would say anything bad about him. He is very personable and thats what we need from all doctors. If only he could also be my everyday doctor. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	My husband and I absolutely love him as our OB.  Appointments are very quick.  Anytime I have called the office with a question they are always there to help and put your mind at ease.  Would definately recommend! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	I love this practice! They all make you feel comfortable and speak to you in your terms, not all of that medical business that only doctors understand. They are very compassionate and understanding of your personal needs as well.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	1	Wonderful staff, phone calls always returned quickly. Wonderful care, had problems with pregancy, doctor and staff VERY caring, helpful.  Came into hospital 2-3 times a day to check on me, called me at home to see how I was after discharge. Have referred friends to him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	They are very punctual in and out of the office. If you have problems after hours you can always get a hold of someone. The only problem I have found are the vists, you have to know excatly what you want to talk about because they are short and fast vists. So you must be ready the minute he comes in. Everyone in his office is very freindly. Getting an appointment could take two or three weeks if it is not an emergency. 	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
44	-1	Terrible communication skills, does not listen, does not like being questioned.  	3	1	1	3 	Insurance:Tricare
45	-1	My local neuro asked if I wanted to see the &quot;best&quot; neuro...since he couldn't acurately pinpoint my diagnoais.  2 of my doctors asked specifically that Dr. Fahn work with me.  When a resident started my appt. I asked where Dr. Fahn was...he did show up for 5 minutes at the end of the appt and really had to run as he had to teach a class. We only traveled 6 hours round trip to see him.   Said I had Tardive Akathasia and had taken neuropleptic drugs in the past...which I denied.  His residents took over my prescriptions and they put me on an experimental drug from which I got a bleeding ulcer so was worse off than before I saw him.  This was around 2000. I wouldn't ever refer him to anyone.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
45	-1	I brought my mother to see Dr. Fahn in 1999. She lived in India and had been diagnosed with Parkinson's disease a few years prior to that. She has since passed away. When sought an appointment with Dr Fahn, I was not hoping for a cure, as I know there still isn't one, but a fair evaluation to better titrate the dopamine medication she was on.  After, his junior physicians (who were nice but terrified of Dr. Fahn) had evaluated her, he walked in and asked her (she was 67 years old then but already lacked the ability to walk normally) to walk up and down while someone videotaped her movement. Fahn was not only not empathetic but he was gruff and at one point pushed her forward suddenly, ostensibly as part of his check on her ability to react. At the end of it - 10 mts - he announced she had PD - a revelation! - and prescribed Seroquel which is now known to decrease the effectiveness of dopamine. Further it is a known anti-pyschotic drug that can cause death. Stay clear of Fahn. 	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
45	-1	I went to see Dr. Fahn because of atypical Dystonia about 8 years ago. I saw his fellow for about 30 minutes, then awaited the arrival of the doctor. He can in with 3 students, only asking if this was ok after they were all in the room. He spoke mostly to them and I was completely humiliated, having to jump up and down and do all other kinds of things clad in a skimpy gown. He told me I did not have dystonia and would write his opinion and send it to me. In this report, he stated I had a psychological problem and referred me to a psychiatrist buddy, who, for another $500, could evaluate me. This treatment was contrary to his OWN protocol for how to inform patients he thinks their problem is all in their heads (this should only be done when the patient is hospitalized).I was devastated and my family and regular doctor now dismissed me as crazy. My life and marriage was destroyed by this thoughtless man. My recent EMG evidence reveals GD and an MRI a brain tumor. Good call, Fahn! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
45	-1	After seeing the comments on Dr. Fahn, I felt compelled to write and add my voice. In 1989 I came to Dr. Fahn's office from out of state with a mild tremor in my hand. My local neurologist didn't know what it was, so he sent me to &quot;the expert.&quot; After seeing Dr. Fahn's fellow for an hour, Dr. Fahn came in, followed by a few doctors from other countries, asked me practically no questions and announced that I had early Parkinson's disease. I was 43 years old. I was devastated. After I returned home I saw a neurologist at a prominent teaching hospital. He did many tests and evaluations and said I DID NOT have Parkinson's disease. It' now 2011, and, yes, I do not have Parkinson's disease. I wrote Dr. Fahn a long letter detailing what the other doctor said. To his credit, he called me on the phone - but stuck by his diagnosis. Seeing Dr. Fahn was one of the worst mistakes of my life! 	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
45	-1	Went to see Dr Fahn because he was supposedly &quot;world renowned&quot;.I had sudden onset of dystonic symptoms.His office made me pay cash because I was from outside the state and refused to give me a receipt. Told me they would mail me one.Called multiple times to get my receipt and never once received a return call or my receipt. I paid 750.00 to be seen by the most arrogant, ignorant, incompetent Dr. I have ever seen. He told me I needed to be institutionalized because the movements were &quot;all in my head&quot;. which I found odd considering the fact that I was a police officer who worked the street up until the day before this happened.Long story short I went to a qualified Dr at U of P in Phila who diagnosed me with a lacunar infarct which commonly causes dystonic symptoms.I still take meds everyday to control my symptoms and am still a police officer working the streets.Dr Fahn's so called &quot;knowledge&quot; was useless and his bedside manner atrocious! God Bless anyone who turns to him for answers... 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
45	-1	I had dr. fahn in 1986 when i was 12years old . I have Tourettes Syndrome and he was very rude & ignorrant !! Dr. Fahn actually called me a liar & said i was doing my tics & movements for attention ! Dr. Greene was with him at the time . Well Dr. Fahn 23years later i still have tourettes as do 2 of my children ! Your horrible man & dr.   sincerely , Heather (nelson) Pasquale 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
45	-1	Extremely heartless. As a physician we had not met as of yet, I called ahead and spoke directly to Fahn. Told him how upset we were with the brand new diagnosis. Asked him to go easy and to give us atleast a bit of hope. He had a resident in the room with my husband and I who he never even introduced. He informed us to inform our children that &quot;daddy would not be buying them cars, because daddy would not be working very much longer&quot;. After I questioned loss of balance that comes with the progression of Parkinson's, he looked at his resident and said, &quot; with all the research I do, why donn't I jus t start counting the times my patient's fall&quot;&#63; There were a few other comments like these. Needless to say it was the worst day of our lives and we've never been back. I have only prayed that something horrific should happen to someone that Dr. Fahn holds dear to his heart someday.  	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:GHI
46	1	he is one of the best doctors i ever had. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
47	1	He removed a suspecious nevi on my son's thigh.  He was caring and explained the procedure in detail.  Prompt pathology results.  Helpful staff.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
47	1	 	4	5	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	Dr. Fan-Paul is an excellent ophthalmologist! She shows compassion for my chronic eye condition and takes the time to explain everything to me. She is supportive and always offers an open line of communication. I would definitely recommend her. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	I have a difficult and chronic eye condition and I am highly confident in this doctor.  She is a wonderful eye care physician.   Her credentials are impeccable as well! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
49	1	Caring and understanding. Very thorough.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
50	1	I didn’t know about Rhytidectomy. I needed to do something about my face and that is when I learnt this word. Now I know it simply means facelift.  Some botox, brow-lift and did make me feel and look better. I have visited few more times to Dr Farella. I can tell you that he is one of the best doctors I have consulted. More than it, he is a very good human being. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
50	-1	From my experience with this doctor I would urge you to run as fast as you can. He did not give me the results I requested and has for all purposes put a scar on my life and appearance that is most likely irreperable. When I asked him what went wrong he denied anything was wrong and didn't care in the least especially since he had my money already. In my opinion he is a very shady man. If I can count all the damage done to me from this procedure it would be in the many thousands. He ruined my modeling and acting career, with the deficiency he left me I have been an outcast in society. I urge you to seek another doctor, if you can call this man that. U could have given a monkey a scalpal and he would have done a better job. There are most likely plenty of doctors who would not have done this to me. In my opinion seek one of them. I am ruined for life! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	What an amazing doctor! Very kind, and VERY helpful with all questions! I totally recommend him! Outcome with everything has been great! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	Amazing Breast Augmentation. I highly recommend Dr. John Farella. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
51	1	I have experienced the techniques of several acupuncturists through the years, and I can personally attest to the fact that Dr. Fang is an extraordinary practitioner. She is smart, gentle, caring and compassionate. She is very responsive to her patients and makes herself accessible in the event of an emergency. When I experienced a rotator cuff injury, I obtained TOTAL relief after just one of her treatments, whereas my previous injuries took WEEKS of painful chiropractic manipulation to effect a resolution to my problem. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND DR.FANG to anyone who is seeking superior Traditional Chinese Medical care.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
52	-1	I saw Dr. Faroqui for approx. 3 years...she started out ok...but for most of the time I saw her- she kept telling me my pap smears were abnormal...and had to do extra tests and a colposcopy..I was very scared, she had me coming in every 3 months. Eventually, I moved out of Manhattan and was changing ob/gyn's, so I tried to get my extensive file faxed over to me new dr...after numerous calls and faxes , they told me they'd never heard of me and couldn't locate my file. After much frustration (numerous procedures and frequent visits) I saw a new dr (and since have been to  about 4 other ob/gyn's ) they all agreed my paps have been normal...I have no abnormalities and this Dr was probably doing it all for money. I should have reported it years ago but I was young and naive and she caused me much unnecessary worry. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
52	-1	Little compassion; doesn't explain things.  Prescribes without telling you what to expect; if you ask then you get brushed off with don't worry or something like that 	2	2	1	3 	Insurance:Oxford
52	-1	Not only is this doctor trying to bill my insurance for exams that were never done but she also made up a diagnosis that was completely inaccurate. When I called about it she yelled at me and asked what should she bill my insurance for. Dr Faroqui's office and reception are filthy! Dr Faroqui will reuse anything she can, including a dried out alcohol prep wipe. The worst part of the whole experience was when the doctor opened my gown to do a breast exam, paused and used her gloved hand to press down the garbage in the trash can and then returned to me and started the exam. When I protested that she changed her gloved she said she already started. When I made her stop she then said “it’s just paper”. I was horrified! I have been trying to get the office to give me a copy of my medical records for two months and they will not.  Finally I called and got uppity with the receptionist to which she screamed “your nobody you’re not my sister you’re not my mother I dont have to answer to you” 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Oxford
52	-1	The reviewers who say that her practice has gone downhill and the office does not seem clean are correct.    I have been seeing her for over 10 years, she has been always been pretty nice and took the time to answer my questions.   But her practice is going downhill.   She  moved to a very small dingy office (with a lawyer's name on the door with hers&#63;) a few years ago and it is very uncomfortable to visit now.  I don’t feel like it is a very clean office either.  She seems to be overly cautious these days and has asked me to come in when I thought it was not necessary or maybe it is just me.  As soon as I get my act together (too much going on with work and school at the movement)   I will look for another doctor. 	2	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
52	-1	The whole experience in this office was terrible. The staff was moronic and had no idea what they were doing. The front desk was very dismissive and rude. I would not recommend this office at all. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
52	-1	Used this doctor for 25 years and for most of them she was fine. Several years ago I took actonel for 1 year, ended up with major side effects. Had a bone density scan  in June 2007, she said no change from the one 2 years earlier. Then had one in June, 2009. She said I had osteoporosis of the hip and had had it 2 years earlier. She clearly read the wrong report when she gave me the results in 2007. Majorly careless, and should not be practicing medicine. Last contact - had transvaginal ultrasound. She called with results, asked if I was still getting my period. I am turning 65 next month - she had the wrong chart. Problems started when she dropped Obstetrics and took on cosmetic treatments.  Stay away!! 	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
52	1	pros: female doctor, thorough exam, was polite/helpful/respectful, frequently changed gloves (even after touching her phone when it vibrated), easy to get an appointment at late notice and change the time.  cons: dingy cramped waiting room/exam room, overbooked (i had a ~1 hr wait), and low-tech (had to fill out all my info on about 4 of their insurance submission forms, not so computerized, and the receptionist used typewriter/word processor to make my file!).  Was told I'd be notified if my labwork was abnormal, wouldn't be notified if not (I'd prefer to be notified either way, to be sure my results were not lost somewhere, but I'll just remember to follow up).  Overall decent experience.  	3	2	4	4 	Insurance:Aetna
52	0	I have used Dr. Faroqui for about 2 years but I am now done with them.  They practically harrased me for $100 that they neglected to submit to my insurance company and they made me feel like I was trying to stiff them.  I got concerned when she started doing cosmetic procedures in addition to gynecology...what is your specialty&#63;  Finally, the last straw is when they moved to a new office that is dingy and just looks unclean.  At first I liked her but i think her practice has gone bad.  I do not recommend her.  i am actually on here to find her replacement and figured I'd do someone like myself th eservice.  	2	3	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
52	-1	I was spotting between my periods and was concerned.  I made several appointments with her with this ongoing and disruptive problem.  Instead running tests, bloodwork, attempting to check hormone levels, she wants to put me back on the pill after having been off of it for a year already.  When I recently went to a dermatologist for acne breakouts and was sent to get bloodwork done to find the cause, it was then that my hormone levels were checked and found that I have potential thyroid issues where breakthrough menstrual bleeding is a symptom.  I feel that if Dr. Faroqui had only took the time to find the cause of my problem, rather that covering it up with medication it would have saved me tons of stress, confusion, and $$. Also, it just didn't seem she/ the staff take many sanitary precautions.  In the office bathroom, there were about 3 patient urine samples just sitting there on the sink/ counter and an opened tube of lubricant just sitting there on a table.  Will not be back. 	1	1	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
52	0	She was very nice, but I will not be going back.  The office looked dingy and she uses a metal (reusable) speculum.  I feel much better with the disposable plastic ones. 	4	4	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
52	-1	I always waited at least 2 hours to see her-within a year- she had me come in for 4 pap smears and 2 colposcopies (all abnormal)- I switched to a different DR and tried to have my med. files sent and DR. Faroqui has never heard of me and does not have my file- I have since had numerous tests (STD and HPV) done (all normal) and numerous paps by 4 different ob/gyns (all normal)...Dr. Faroqui lied to me about my status and although she may be soft spoken and patient- she is dangerous.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:GHI
52	1	Dr. Faroqui is fab. She treated me while I was pregnant and delivered my daughter in 2004. She is very patient, easy going and has tons of experience. Highly recommend.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
52	1	Dr. Farouqui is very knowledgeable and experience doctor. She is very understanding and would not make you run around. She is puntual and treats every patient fairly. I would highly recommend her.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
52	1	Very knowledgeable and helpful about conditions beyond the immediate ob/gyn realm. Very personable and accomodating. Provides suggestions for alternative treatment in addition to any required medications (at home natural procedures). Also great office staff.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
53	0	Good Dr. but horrible staff. The dr. is realistic, knowledgeable and caring. but his staff is lazy, sloppy and indifferent. The inside nurse is good but the reception and office staff are more concerned about their nails, lunch, private lives, etc. I've been going for 10 years. God forbid they should even smile or remember my name.  	1	1	1	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
53	0	Receptionist likes to play power games. Doctor is sloppy. Went in 1/2 hr early to do paperwork and co-pay- I was given one peice of paper to write my address on, she said we'd take care of the co-pay later. I wound up waiting a full 45 min until after the appt time just to see the exam room.  Dr. popped his head in and said it would be one more minute. I then overheard his very personal call for the next 20 min from the next room.  I was now running late for work. Then I was subjected to four more phone calls he chose to take during my exam. I was now very late for work. On the way out the receptionist decided that was the time to take the copay. Dr. said I needed a test in his office, but the staff member was unexpectedly out, to come in the next morning.  I did that, the person who gives the test was already gone. It took 28 days for them to get me the test. Two months later he still hasn't given results. Aetna says they won't cover the test becuase they they billed it wrong.  Worst.  	1	1	3	3 	Insurance:Aetna
53	0	office staff  are rude they are not helpful playing on labtops why at work Dr does not return call 	2	2	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
53	-1	Dr. Fafalak ignored my brother's concerns about a spot on his shoulder. Told him he was being &quot;vain.&quot; Turns out my brother had melanoma, which went undiagnosed for months until my brother finally went to another doctor. My brother died three years later, after many surgeries, and much suffering. Dr. Fafalak acts like he cares, but doesn't listen to patient's concerns. I wouldn't go to him for a hangnail. 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	I am not really a &quot;sickly&quot; person so I don't need to see him more then twice a year. Dr. F. has been helpfull with great bedside manners. But his staff is rude and unprofessional.  So much so I wonder why I keep going back 	1	3	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
53	-1	Fafalak never has open appointments for medical conditions, and his office staff is unhelpful and rude. What kind of a doctor doesn't hold open appointments or keep flex time for patients that come down with illnesses but are not sick enough to to to hospital&#63; I'm switching doctors because I am sick of this treatment.  	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
53	-1	he was rude and impatient wasn't happy with the experience would not go back 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
53	0	this doctor is smart and good bed side manner, but really pushes drugs. he told me to stop seeing him unless i started to take humeria pen - a new drug that completely supresses your immune system and makes you very vulnerable to all illnesses (it kills off your white blood cells like organ doners have to take).   he is the best with draining my knee and giving large cortizone shots, so i am unhappy i can't see him anymore. without another doctor to do this, i just am suffering through it with swollen joints. ehh.  	4	4	3	3 	Insurance:Aetna
53	-1	I saw this doctor about 13 years ago.  One of the biggest mistakes I ever made.  He treated me with heavy medications and did not realize certain medications have reactions with each other.  Cyclosporine and Prednisone almost made me very ill.  I could not comfortably recommend his services to anyone.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
53	-1	Do not go to this doctor whatever you do.  Please take this seriously.  He does not look at blood tests and will actually lie and pretend he did.  I know it sounds crazy but he did that on two separate occasions. not to mention he will NEVER call you back.  May one out of 10 calls even if your messages say you are dying.  Please take this advice.  He is more concerned with charming his patients and having people like him than anything to do with medicine.  He is like an actor playing a doctor!!  like you would see him on Lipitor commercials or something, but he is actually practicing medicine. If you do see him, make sure you get a copy of your blood work up.  because you could potentially have a life threatening problem and never know it. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
53	0	My first impression was that he was a nice guy but he has not returned phone calls (4 so far) for blood test results taken to weeks ago due to a possible issue with a previous blood test.  In the meantime I'm worried sick something is wrong but he wont return my call to tell me the results of my follow-up test.  	3	3	2	3 	Insurance:Oxford
53	1	Dr. Fafalak has been treating my wife for a few years. While his approach is different then most Drs. she has seen, he has helped her. His staff is average, my wife is satified for now.  	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:GHI
53	1	I have been seeing Dr. Fafalak for over 10 years. He is a great guy with a very good bedside manner. He is attentative and has worked with me on various medical issues over the years with good results. Sure, I have had to wait longer than expected (its rare I dont with any doctor) but now I book my appointments early and have a much less wait time. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
53	-1	This dr appears friendly, but I found him and his office careless, unwilling to attend to details (like diagnostic codes and writing prescriptions properly), uninterested in &amp; incapable of dealing with health insurers and health care paperwork, regardless of the cost to me in time, frustration, pain, and, especially, money. He NEVER answers phone calls (yet claims he &quot;prefers&quot; patients to call in for blood test results) -- not even when my other Drs tried to contact him. Though I have a rheumatologic disease, he never physically examined me. His treatment did not even minimally reflect the protocols recommended by professional rheumatology organizations or by the hospitals he trained at or (apparently) teaches at. He brushed off any abnormal test results as meaningless and &quot;nothing to worry about.&quot; One last disturbing detail: He did not wash his hands between patients. 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
53	0	Very long wait at the office and a bad follow up. I had to wait for 5 weeks since my visit to have the doctor call me back about my blood test results. The staff seems frustrated and is not very helpful. 	1	1	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
53	-1	Do not go to this doctor! I went to him for an acute case of vertigo. He took blood but neglected to look at the results (twice) and therefore didn't tell me about or treat my high white blood count. I walked around for a month with a high white count and got progressively worse regarding my vertigo symptoms. It was not until I went to another internist that I learned of my abnormal test results, but by that time my inner ear had already been damaged. It is now 10 months later and I am still suffering with balance problems and dizziness. Any other doctor would have treated my elevated white count (with elevated neutrophils) with antibiotics. In addition while I was extremely sick he would never call me back if I called the office. He is all around a horrible doctor. If you want a doctor who cares about you and takes his time with you than do not go to him. I hope he doesn't neglect his other patients like he did me. Hopefully this posting will warn others to stay far away.  	 5/28/07		2	1	Insurance:GHI
54	1	Both Dr. Farah and his office staff are pleasant, polite and very helpful.  He takes the time to answer questions in terms that are understandable and helpful. The treatments that I have received were fully explained beforehand and were successful in removing areas of actinic keratosis from my face, neck and back areas. Dr. Farah continues to see me every six months to keep close check on any future pre-cancerous or cancerous problems.  I have been a patient of his for over 10 years and recommend him highly.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
54	0	He is always rushing and doesn't spend enough time in the room, he cares but has a strange way of showing it.  Hate the office staff even when they are pleasant the office is a bunch of no people, not yes. In other words they will fight you at any chance they can. Altho he seems to understand your concerns, his office staff seem to complicate matters by not taking phone calls when you have questions.  Have the nastiest nurse you will ever meet. She seems pleasant when you first meet her.  However doesn't return calls normally unless you become a pest.  For the few redeeming qualities in Dr Farah his office staff make you jump through hoops to even see him.  I am trying my luck elsewhere. My patience had run out on this joke of a teaching school.  	1	1	3	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
55	1	I was sent to Dr Farber's office by my dentist because he suggested that I get dental implants to replace a few missing teeth.  I had no idea as to what a dental implant even was! Dr Farber sat down with me and explained it to me and went over the procedure. He made me feel so comfortable, I scheduled the procedure that very same day. My implants and crowns are now all in! I can't thank Dr Farber and his incredible staff enough for my new smile.  Thank you! Thank you! Thank you! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
55	1	I couldn't disagree with the previous review more!  This is totally inaccurate.  I fly in from California to New York for business and always have my work done by Dr Farber which is always done to my utmost satisfaction. The staff is amazing and the pricing is standard most of the time better. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	an exellent dr. who I highly reccomend I have used his services for over 35  years.  	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
56	1	Dr. Falk is a good clinician and thorough with his examinations. His bedside manner lacks warmth, but this is only in recent years. He is excellent with referrals and follow-up, but only if you do your part. His staff is always busy, but usually come through with what they need to do. The front office staff are often overwhelmed, and perhaps Dr. Falk needs to hire additional staff, get larger space, partner with another physician, replace some furniture and clean up his office. Perhaps then his demeanor would improve and he could better perform as the healing physician.  	5	4	3	4 	Insurance:Oxford
56	1	Capable and knowledgeable, but seems unconcerned and matter-of-fact with any findings.  	5	3	3	5 	Insurance:Oxford
56	1	Gives a thorough physical examination and is very professional in demeanor.  	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
56	0	great about referrals but a cold, cold fish 	5	2	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	Like no other doctor, a friend who's there for you unconditionally. He has the knowledge, the experience and the compasionate heart to make you feel comfortable. I wouldn't see any other doctor. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	Dr. Fahmy was the best! He took his time and answered all of my questions. He even thought to ask me about things I wasn't even there for (instead of hurrying me out the door). His staff was so kind as well. It was so nice to have a good experience after having a few bad ones. I would reccomend Dr. Fahmy (and have several times!) to anyone who asked - in fact, many of my friends now go to him as well. Thanks again Dr.  F! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
58	1	Truly cares about his patients well being.  One of a dying breed of Doctors who see medicine as a vocation, not a business.  Simply put, to call him a &quot;provider&quot; is an insult.  He's a Doctor and you are his Patient - not a consumer.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
59	1	First doctor I worked with upon moving to Long Island. The extra care and treatment exhibited was outstanding. Moving in the late, cool fall left me crooked, bent and feeling crippled. Within a week - post adjustment(s) and a cool massage machine he used, I felt great. Almost perfect. :) 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
60	-1	I am a teacher and have very limited time to try to fit a colonoscopy appointment into my life. That's why I booked an appointment a month in advance of when I would need it. One week before the appt., I get a call that the anesthesiologist has a &quot;conflict&quot; with my appt and I would have to reschedule. After explaining that I booked the appt. a month in advance to AVOID a situation like this, I had to fight to get the only available appt within my timeframe. They told me that it was double-booked. Not for nothing, but I WAS FIRST HERE! Why should I be double-booked, when I booked FIRST&#63; My appt. was for 12:45. I get there at 12:15. THREE HOURS LATER THEY CALL ME!!!!!! 3 freaking hours!!! And this is after not eating for 30 hours!!!!!! Were they apologetic&#63; NO! Then, they made me sit in a ready room for ANOTHER HOUR!!! All along, I could see the anesthesiologist making phone call after phone call, and watched the staff text endlessly. NEVER GO TO THIS DOCTOR.  HE DOESN'T CARE ABOUT YOU!!!! 	 4/14/12	1	1	1	Insurance:HIP
60	0	To folks who think he offices are located in Farmingdale, you are mistaken. They are in amityville - scary place! The office itself is beyond dirty, the staff...young polite girls, but dump as a rock!!!! The wait to see him is hurrendous. At times it woulld take about 1.5 hrs just to get in even though you had an appointment for a specific time. The clientele is simply scary, dirty, trashy, smelly ehhh gross! Dr. Fagan seems to be knowledgeable, but he makes you super nervous. Last time I went to see him, he scared me to death! (and i am not easily scared)I also felt as though he was performing certain unnecessary service just to get the $$$ out of my insurance company. I would not recommend him at all.  	1	1	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
60	1	Dr.Fagan is a very thorough and knowledgeable doctor. His staff is friendly and courteous.  It does take time to see him but it is because he spends time speaking to his patients.   He has a good sense of humor as well which helps to eliminate any stress and puts his patients at ease 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:GHI
60	0	Doctor provided diagnosis and somewhat helpful treatment to prepare for in-office surgical procedure, however because of the wait time (over 2 hours WITH appointment), uncleanliness of the office and examination rooms (one room I was in looked more like a dirty storage room with an exam table and computer thrown in) and doctor's upleasant manner (opened door without knocking while I was undressing, slammed door in my face as he was exiting ahead of me), I refuse to go back there for the actual procedure.  	2	1	3	3 	Insurance:HIP
60	-1	Office staff are inefficient, rude and unprofessional. Doctor gives shots that cause more bruising than what's normal for my skin, in my better experiences with other more-qualified physicians.  	1	1	3	1 	Insurance:Oxford
60	-1	Incorrect (perhaps, purposeful) billing to insurance company on more than 1 occasion. Administrative staff are rude and unkind. When trying to get the doctor on the phone to answer a 30-second question, they repeatedly put me on hold for at least 30 minutes. Med techs are amiable, but there seems to be a high turnover rate (probably due to the doctor's constant yelling at them with patients in clear earshot). If you're looking for a comfortable experience with a doctor, look elsewhere.  	2	3	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
60	1	Dr Fagan is a very percise doctor, he keeps taking test until he finds the correct answer.  His staff is fantastic also.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:HIP
60	-1	I do not recommend this doctor by any means.  Do not go to him and find yourself a better doctor! 	2	1	2	2 	Insurance:Aetna
60	0	Horrible experience! I went in for stomach discomfort, he did bunch of different tests on me on difference occasions, and kept telling me to go back for follow up each time.  I ended up seeing him every single month for over a year, and each time he'd tell me to come back next time for follow up, told me everything seemed normal and to keep taking omeprazole.  Each time I had to pay a co-pay, and all for nothing.  Why keep telling me to come back when there was nothing wrong&#63; Not to mention the wait time was long.  and when I saw all the bills he had billed me and the insurance company, omg, I almost passed out.  Shady, that's all I can say about him.  	5	1	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
60	1	I have seen him 3 times, staff has always been great and went above and beyond. My 1st 2 visits he was very brief but today he took time with me, was very concerned about how I felt and was very understanding. I can not say enough how satisfied I was. A+ and highly recommended ! Oh wait, maybe I should keep that to myself so his office isnt crowded. 	4	4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	I recently came back from his office. The wait was somewhat long, but I have had to wait for doctors even longer. He seems to be knowledgeable. I have to come back for a procedure.  We'll see how that goes! 	3	3	3	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
60	1	i guess i was lucky... i got there a little bit early because a s anew patient, i knew i had paperwork. my appointment was at 4 and i was seen by 4:25. Dr Fagan was friendly but quick. but there was nothing else he needed to do anyway. I had seen the nurse,had blood drawn and seen the Dr..and on the road in an hour. pretty good experience. except the front desk needs a major overhaul.. they all were sloppy and greasy and not friendly at all !!! 	3	4	3	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
60	-1	My appt for my colonoscopy was cancelled and rescheduled 3 times.  When I finally went to the procedure, apparently I had been given the wrong instructions. My procedure was unable to be completed because I was not completely &quot;clear.&quot;  Dr. Fagan was very short tempered and rude to me.  He said he was unable to complete the procedure, I had to come back in 91 days and he thought I had diviticulosis.  When I asked him for more explainations, he said, &quot;I do not have time for this right now!&quot; He then stormed out of the room, leaving me on the table in my hospital gown.  He had no right to me rude to me, he should have spent more time with me, considering he thinks I have a condition that I do not know anything about.  	3	2	1	3 	Insurance:GHI
60	1	. I made an appointment for 10am; I was still waiting past 12pm! How ridiculous is that! Ive been a patient there for 10 yrs but havent gone there in like a little over a year but im no longer one from now on! 	1	1	3	5 	Insurance:Oxford
60	1	The wait time is very long, you have to get there at least 1/2hr before your appt to get seen relatively on-time. I would not however change, Dr. Fagan knows his stuff and his bedside manner is very friendly, he's fast and efficient and doesn't candy coat anything, he answered all my questions and even found and corrected things I didn't even know I had. I'd rather deal with the wait and get the correct answers than be left in limbo anywhere else. Sometimes his staff isn't on top of everything so you may have to call about your results sometimes, but otherwise for the most part they are pretty efficient. His staff called me several times at home to make sure I was okay after my endoscopy. He also takes walk-in problems which can delay wait times so keep that in mind. Appointments are preference, but sometimes the office gets ovewhelmed with walk-ins, patience is a virtue at these times. still wouldn't change my opinion ... they are great! 	3	2	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
60	1	Ridiculous wait time; I was seen immediately only after asking for my prepaid copay back because I wanted to leave after waiting over an hour. He seems to be knowledgeable, but he rushes you through and isn't good with personal attention. He didn't even call me about my blood test results; a receptionist who was unable to answer my questions called after he had already left.  	3	1	4	4 	Insurance:GHI
60	1	Okay so you wait sometimes a long time, but he is right on top of things and has found answers to health issues I have by his diligence in my care.  I also appreciate the fact that he has told me that if ever I choose to leave his practice, I need to have certain tests done every year due to the numerous health issues I face.  I really admired that about him.  I don't like the waiting, but I have other doctors whose offices run smoothly but they don't pursue the answers as well as he does, especially my endocronologist, who gets annoyed with me for asking questions.  So I'll stick with Dr. Fagan, he has been right on the money with me. 	1	1	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	Dr. Fagan is definately a smart and thorough Dr. but his office seems to be more like a production line.  He always has a full waiting room full of patients and the last three apointments I had I waited at least 2 hours before seeing him.  I don't get the sense of any personal attention after my long wait...  needless to say I am not a patient anymore! 	2	1	3	4 	Insurance:Oxford
60	1	Wait time is LOOOOOONG. He on the other hand is VERY knowledgable. Bad combination - the good is offset by the bad....  	1	1	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
60	1	He is very intense and knowledgeable but partner doctors change regularly 	3	4	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	Very busy office since he has walk-ins. He is very knowledgeable, and has the latest equipment to run tests and procedures in the office.  		3	4	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
60	-1	He really does not get every thing done on time. He Really dosn't sit and speak one with his paitents.  		1	1	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
61	1	Dr. Farrington takes time to answer your questions is up-to-date on current gyn practices and is always pleasant and concerned.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
61	1	My experience with Dr. Farrington has been exceptional. She delivered my son 18 years ago, I was young and alone and she was very kind , comforting and supportive. I recently went back to her and found her to be just as I remembered her. I'm a little anxious about visiting a gynecologist and she is very gentle and reassuring. I would recommend her to anyone looking for a new doctor.  :) 	 10/20/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
61	1	yes the waits are long but she is well worth the wait!!!  very VERY knowledgeable and so helpful.  she sat in the delivery room with me talking while waiting to deliver my 2nd child.  took the pressure off and really called me down.   i love her!!  she is so helpful! 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
61	0	After many years of dealing with Dr. Farrington, she really didn't have a good handle on my condition.  Her misdiagnosis caused me much suffering.  You a re never seen on time either and the staff is obnoxious.  Do yourself a favor and find someone more knowledgeable.  	2	2	3	2 	Insurance:GHI
62	-1	HE DOES NOT LISTEN TO MY PROBLEMS AND THINKS THAT I JUST WANT PILLS.  ALL HIS REMEDIES ARE TO WALK AROUND THE BLOCK! HE ACTUALLY HUNG UP ON ME WHILST I WAS SPEAKING TO HIM ABOUT A CONCERN! 	3	5	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
63	-1	was very rude.caused me severe pain by abruptly lifting my arm without warning.I have a tear in my shoulder rotator cuff muscle.When I screamed in pain,he refused to see me further and without saying a word of apology.He should not work with people.Has  no compassion to people and again very rude.  	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	1	I love Dr. Fahmy! I've been a patient of his since he used to practice up at New York Presbyterian hospital and of course followed him over to AsterOBGYN. He delivered my first son last year and was very knowledgeable and attentive to the baby's health as I had GD. He does like to joke around a bit so you have to have a sense of humor dealing with him but when you need him to be serious he is and answers all of your questions or concerns thoroughly. He's a very direct type of dr. and i dont mind his style at all.  I had a C-section and was up walking the next day! he did a wonderful low lying incision, you can barely see it! Hands down the best gyno and only male gyno i've ever had! The only downside is that he only delivers babies at Roosevelt Hospital in Mid Manhattan but other than that he's great and I plan on sticking with him for my OB/GYN needs! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
64	-1	This is the worst ob/gyn I have ever been to mostly for his crudeness. He's a wolf in sheep's clothing. First off let me discuss two of the many vulgar and off-color comments he made. 1) &quot;Have you ever had a $20,000 piece of equipment in you&#63;&quot; as he was doing a transvaginal ultrasound - as if I'm supposed to be flattered - I was so offended I didn't even know what to say &when; I discussed wanting to conceive he said,&quot;I call it, getting knocked up.&quot; Not funny. I give him an F. Not to mention his ridiculous prices. I will never return. 	2	4	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	His office is state-of-the-art, complete with heated toilet seats!  Everything in his office is computerized; perscriptions, appointments, patient records.  However, if what you are looking for is a personal touch, you can get that too.  His staff is wonderful &amp; friendly and Dr. Fahmmy is Knowledgeable, warm, &amp; funny.  I have been seeing him for about two and a half years and trust him completely to take care of my ob/gyn needs.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:GHI
64	-1	I had a negative experience with Dr. Fahmy, he is very stringent about weight gain and does not give guidance with regard to tests and next steps in the pregnancy. He over schedules his office and has a very brusque manner. If you want someone who will give you information without you having to beg for it go elsewhere.  	3	2	2	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
64	1	Dr. Fahmy is wonderful!  He delivered both my sons -- incredibly warm bedside manner, extremely knowledgeable and highly attentive.  I felt very confident while under his care.  He and his wife were an integral part of a positive experience for my family -- from pregnancy through delivery!  Every step of the way...  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
64	1	I came to Dr. Fahmy after I detected I was pregnant, and has been staying with him for almost 8 months. Since then I found Dr. Fahmy very knowledgeable, caring, responsible and trustworthy. That's all I need for an ob! He is one of the few obs that doing solo practice and also the few obs that promise the patient he will be there for sure when the baby comes. This made my husband and I relieved for some extent as first time parents.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
64	1	Best experience I have ever had.  Great bedside manners.  The office is beautiful and the staff is very friendly.  I would highly recommend to everyone I know.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
65	1	Melissa is a Therapist who administers treatment for mental health and works with a psychologist is very helpful however she has very intmidating associates that she works very closly with. After meeting with Melissa I have experienced some paranormal activity that is very unusual mostly closly associated with murder and often times involves articals of her clothing or elaborate shape boots belonging to her. She works with a black man who posing as and an undercover forensics cop in a forensics van often times she will not leave when her or this man are asked to leave. Also paranormal activity involving strangulation or threats to break someones neck. This is closely associted with how she treats her clients and this is how she provides support or treatment for her clients. I suggest approching Melissa only when you are armed or have backup. She is very hostile and very persistant proceed with caution and please know that she is also part of some sort of paranormal murder team.  	1	5	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	1	She is an outstanding doctor!I felt very comfortable after she explained to me the procedure and my options.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tufts
66	1	SHE'S THE BEST 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
67	-1	had a phone call with the nastiest office manager. when i discussed my mothers insurance with her because she has a pending lawsuit because she slipped and fell and broke her arm, this nasty office manager said she didnt really want us t come there anymore and cancelled my moms appt that she was waiting 5 weeks for the actual day of the appt. i have never met a more incosiderate and ruse staff.  stay away!!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
67	-1	worst doctor and office I have ever been to in my life. worst run office, poor service, poor treatment, poor everything.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	1	Dr. Facibene is the nicest person/doctor ever he is a great orthepidest you have to go to him!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
67	-1	I wouldn't advise using Dr. Facibene. My son had a broken arm, we used Dr. Facibene to repair the break. My son ended up serious complication called compartment syndrome, and had to emergency surgery to fix this.Poor results. Almost a year later, my son got treatment from the BEST DR at Hospital for Speical Surgery. Run away from FACIBENE.......  	3	1	3	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	1	I waited about 30 minutes to see doctor.  He answered all my questions and did not rush me in any way.  Staff also was very nice.  I highly recommend this doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
67	1	Waited over an hour to see this guy, but was well worth it.  I liked him very much.  Seemed very smart and concerned and will consider having him do my carpal tunnel surgery.  I recommend him, but bring a book with you for the waiting room. 	3	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	Told by a fellow worker bring a book . Long wait ;But if you want the best he is the guy to go to. Well after 3 visits only a 15min wait in the office and 10 mins in the examining room. This doctor knows his field! In this world we live in; Its give and take.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
67	1	Dr. Facibene is a very kind and knowledgable doctor.  I felt he answered all my questions and concerns.  He NEVER rushed into the idea of surgery.  He tried everything he could for my shoulder injury before doing any surgery.   The wait time, at times were terrible but I felt he took his time to answer all my questions.  My son injured his hand, they saw him right away &amp; took good care of him. He made a full recovery. I would highly recommend him.  	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:GHI
67	-1	DO NOT!!! I repeat DO NOT!!! go to Dr. Facibene.  My experience with him was deplorable.  first,  he told me the surgery was necessary immediately and wanted me to have it asap.  When I told him I couldn't meet his schedule of a few short days to get testing and approval by my Internist, as well as Day Op pre surgical testing and lab, he then disappeared for two weeks over the Holidays.  In the new year I called again to schedule the surgery, and his staff took several days to even respond back. After finally scheduling me for surgery almost one month since my diagnosis, he  abruptly cancelled the procedure at the Day Op Center in Mineola where I had been  waiting for over two hours while he finished up with another patient.  When I voiced my displeasure at the Day Op staff, the staff lied to Dr. Facibene about me and he abrubtly cancelled the surgery because he thought I was complaining too much.  I was denied medical care by Dr. Facibene and told to go find another doctor. Stay away.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
67	-1	Waited 3 and a half hours! RUN AWAY!! Visit was during Nov 1, 2010. Staff seemed not to care about the wait. Doctor rushed the visit. NEVER AGAIN! There are PLENTY of other more competent doctors in the area who actually spend time with you. Did not display any great knowledge.  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	-1	As soon as I walked in the door I was asked to fill in a history of questions and give them my payment.  My appointment was at 4:00 pm but I wasn't taken until 5:30 pm for my x-ray. I asked the receptionist how much longer it would be and was told 1/2 hour.  I was moved to the examining room I waited another hour before I saw the doctor. He wanted to treat an area in my elbow where I did not have any pain with an injection.  The staff was not helpful and the doctor did not apologize for my 3 hour wait to see him.  I did not feel like a patient, I did however feel like a &quot;customer&quot;.  This office over books and is only concerned about how many people they can see in a day.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	1	I called the office with a child who was injured and after calling 2 other orthopedic offices and being turned down I was given an immediate appointment with the doctor. when I called the staff was very helpful and put my mind at ease. There was wait but it was well worth it. My child was given great care by Dr. Facibene and his staff was very nice. When I was given the next appointment I was told to call ahead and they would keep me informed of how long it would be. No other office I see would do that. Great Experience.  	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
67	1	. amazingly talented and his staff has been more than supportive and helpful 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	-1	Without question the worst run medical office I have EVER come across ANYWHERE IN THE WORLD. Your time means nothing to either the doctor or his staff.  I last used him 2 years ago(encountering his lack of any time management) and I vowed never again, but I stupidly relented.  After waiting two hours to be seen, (having my xrays taken at the half way mark of one hours wait) I was put into a consulting room and told that the doctor would be in as soon as he could.  After one hour no one came.  It was now 7 pm.   Oh did I forget to tell you that they had already swiped my credit card for a consult and the xrays!  The pain in my hand and my head dictated to leave and find another practice.  The front office looked at me with no empathy for either my distress or my pain, rather they demonstrated frustration with ME that I should be fed up with having waited two hours and not yet seen the elusive Doctor.  I am going to take this further to a medical board because this is an outrage.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:GHI
67	-1	No matter what time you get here it's at least a 90 min wait. Trys to say u need new x-rays with every follow up visit. Poorly Poorly run staff. How do u explain booking 20 people in an HRS time and then have them wait for almost 2 hrs! He wants your money and is a sad doctor who claims to care about patients.  THE WORST! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Workers Comp
67	1	I recently had carpal tunnel surgery performed by Dr. Facibene. I found him to be a very knowledgable, competent, and caring physician. He took his time explaining the procedure to me and answered all of my questions.   Chris, his office manager/nurse was also very knowledgable, answered questions, and helped me to feel comfortable about the surgery.  The staff at this office was friendly and helpful. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
67	-1	Could never get through to speak to the doctor or get an expedited appointment despite the fact that I was in a great deal of pain.  My messages were not relayed.  Very unresponsive to my requests. 	1	1	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
67	-1	I had 3 appointments in 3 weeks. I waited between 2 1/2 and 3 1/2 hours each time, with no apologies or even empathy from the office staff. Dr. Facibene didn't really know what was wrong with my finger (after sending me for 2 sets of xrays and an MRI) but was sure I needed surgery. On each visit Dr. Facibene spent a few minutes with me, then pawned me off to his incompetent and unfriendly staff. The receptionist is apparetly also a medical professional as she was the one who changed my bandage, which fell off as soon as I got home. My last appointment was changed by the office, giving me no choice but to have to take yet another day off of work. When I showed my displeasure, Chris, the doctor's assistant, hung up on me. Each visit to this office was stressful and upsetting and I strongly reccommend looking for another hand doctor before submitting yourself to this anxiety and poor treatment.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
67	-1	Dr. Facibene's staff is horrific!!! They cancelled my appointment, and would not reschedule. They left nasty messages on my answering machine. The doctor will not accept patients that already went to another doctor. The staff requests all sorts of information, then the doctor needs to review, and then if he choses to accept you as a patient, then you may get a call back. After I told the staff, I needed to see the doctor soon, they refused and repeated themselves. I never had such a stressful experience getting a doctors appointment. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
67	-1	Irrevocably damaged thumb due to incorrect treatment.  Instead of prescribing a proper brace at the beginning of treatment (for a partially torn ligament), he used a generic brace for several weeks which did not position the thumb in the correct position.  By the time he actually took the time to prescribe the proper custom fitted brace, the damage was already done. 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	Dr. Facibene is awesome. He's incredibly personable, knowledgeable, and listens to his patients. Appointments after 10am, usually come with a wait time, so schedule early in the morning. However, a long wait is completely worth it, he is a gifted surgeon and truly top in his field. I have very willingly also recommended patients of mine to him.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
68	1	Dr Falco is one of the most knowledgeable and caring doctors you will ever find...We wouldn't trade him for the world.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
69	1	Dr Eial Faierman is extremely knowledgeable, sincere, excellent bedside manners, takes time in explaining care and treatment.   Excellent surgeon, Board Certified! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
70	-1	Misdiagnosed me. Not so caring when he makes a mistake. 	3	4	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	Such a great man.  Caring and brilliant. 	 7/20/09	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
71	1	EXCELLENT MANNER VERY CARING 		5	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	Dr. Fahey is an awesome surgeon.  I went to him to have my thyroid removed, he was very thorough in explaining the process, the follow-up and what I may or may not experience.  He has top-of-the-line technology at his fingertips and my surgical scar is barely visible 6 months after surgery.  His staff is very knowledgable.  My only complaint would be that he's pretty popular due to how good he is and his wait time for a consultation can be a little ridiculous. But it's worth it.  I highly recommend Dr. Fahey.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
72	-1	RUDE, INCONSIDERATE AND CONDESCENDING. I was REFERRED to Dr. Fahey by one of his colleagues. When I called to make the appt, the receptionist rudely asked if I was sure I was meant to see him, as if I pulled his name out of a hat. Clearly &quot;referral&quot; means nothing to them. The appt: I was kept waiting for 1 1/2 hours!!! With no apology!  When we finally got to see Fahey, he was totally unapologetic about my long wait time. He came in with a resident, and didn't even ask if I was ok with that - which I wasn't, or introduce him. Creepy. Fahey was also dismissive of my mother, which I found so rude and completely unexceptable, especially as she is a fellow physician. Finally, he was so unbelievably dismissive of my pain. Again I was referred because HIS COLLEAGUE thought he could help. He ordered $3000 worth of tests, which I had to pay out of pocket, then NEVER FOLLOWED UP, despite 2 phone calls on my end. I spent $400 for the 15 minute office visit and it was HORRIBLE. GO ELSEWHERE. 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	Outstanding doctor - highly recommended. He was caring, professional, and thorough. Had a minimally invasive parathyroidectomy - very positive experience.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
72	1	. Good doctor,poor office wait is forever Would work on the office wait, unbearable 	1	1	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
72	1	Dr. Fahey is a top notch thyroid specialist.  My  wife had surgery and we were pleased with the way it went.  Every resident and nurse we encountered remarked about how Dr Fahey is extremely meticulous and one of the best doctors around.  He is also a leading researcher in the field. We would highly recommend him.  	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
72	1	Very astute doctor.  Really knows thyroids.  But did a biopsy, and didn't seem to clean his hands before sticking a needle in my neck.  I should have said something.  I hope someone else does. 	1	1	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	Dr. Fahey has the old time doctors &quot;doing it for the right reasons&quot; approach to medicine. I could not be happier with a surgeon than I was with him. I had a very serious 9+ hour surgery, for which he came recommended by many different people and held true to his reputation. He is worth waiting for an appointment. The only bad thing was the surgical group he belongs to has a terrible private office that is shared by too many people and the staff is completely indifferent to what goes on.  	2	2	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
72	1	Excellent surgeon, good listener, understands what thyroid disease does to people. Office is not efficient.  		2	4	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
72	1	TERRIFIC doctor, for thyroid biopsy/surgery. TERRIBLE office, you wait forever, office staff is rude/ignorant, setting is pathetic; they even have loud soap opera blaring on the tv. The hospital should get its act together. Doctor is great. Office is unbearable. 		1	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
73	-1	Mr. Farchione's medical license has been revoked in the state of NYhttp://w3.health.state.ny.us/opmc/factions.nsf/cd901...  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
73	-1	He is not longer a doctor in Monroe county. He is a disgraced for the medical community. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
74	1	Dr. Faisal was very helpful and kind to me. I am glad that I have found a good doctor. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
75	1	Dr. Fanos, is my mother's MD. Marita Ekberg. I only wish I lived in Jamestown to be able to have her as my Doctor. I live in NYC and traveled many places and I can honestly say we are blessed to have such an amazing Doctor as Dr. Fanos. She treats people with respect young or old, she does not treat anyone as if they don't mattet because of being elderly. The best MD Jamestown, New York has ever had and I'm sure where ever she has worked in the past feels the same. Sincerely,Ivonne Camacho 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
76	-1	Had a HORRIBLE Experience with this doctor.  After running a blood test on me I called for results and he said I have Lupus.  Went to another doctor who called him very unprofessional for diagnosis a disease that requires more than an ANA very low positive result.  Scary to know he is practicing medicine!!!! Wouldn't reccommend him to my worst enemy to be blunt! 	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
76	0	I got the feeling that Dr. Faller was not interested in what I had to say, I felt like I was being rushed out of the office. I definitely will not return to him in the future.  	3	1	2	3 	Insurance:Aetna
76	1	Dr. Faller is punctual, which is not common in New York.  He is kind and and knowledgeable and I would recommend him to anyone in need of a reumatologist.  	 11/15/10	4	5	5	Insurance:Oxford
76	0	dr. faller did next to zero intake exam. he accepted the questionable diagnosis i came with at face value rather than investigating or confirming it for himself. then he prescribed some hardcore medication for it, not even weaning me onto it slowly like the doctor i currently see did. when i called to get my blood test results he didn't even remember having prescribed this medication. i would not trust him with my health. 	5	5	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
76	1	after years of pain and frustration, a battery of tests, and  visits with 4 physicians, none could solve the mystery. then i was referred to dr. faller. he diagnosed fibromyalgia and talked me through some of the ongoing treatments and medication within mainstream and alternative medicine. 16 years later he is still my rheumatologist and primary care physician. he is well read on the latest in medical research, and is what i want in a doctor i.e. someone who is always learning, acquiring information about developments in medicine, research and alternative therapies. that's integrated medicine at its best. i've found him to be intelligent, articulate, direct, polite and willing to answer my questions, so i never leave his office in the dark about a condition or treatment. i referred a friend, who's a registered nurse, and she was very pleased with the results. he's always been &quot;right on&quot; with his diagnoses, and i've never been sent down the wrong road with the recommended treatment.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
76	1	Excellent doctor and staff. Diagnosed my celiac disease at a time when most gastorenterologists did not know atypical symptoms.  Only doctor I have been with for 15 years.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
76	1	Dr. Faller has treated me for years. I recommend him to family and friends but I have to admit I'm almost afraid to make him too busy. A very caring and talented doctor with (so rare!) a well-run office that really has it together and makes scheduling and followup easy. Dr. Jang, who practices in the same office, also seems good though I only see her occasionally when Dr. Faller is out. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
76	1	Concise and to the point, been here for physicals to more specific issues (i.e. knee surgery follow up, colds, travelling, etc.). Office staff are great.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
76	1	After 25 years of living with undiagnosed lupus, Dr. Faller finally gave it a name for me. I am forever grateful.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
76	1	didnt give up and eventually solved the problem... Helpful staff. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
76	1	the absolute best if you are a difficult &quot;stick&quot; for blood tests. I always feel better after seeing this doc.  	 12/24/04		5	5	Insurance:Oxford
77	-1	I would personally screen and speak with any doctor before scheduling an appointment. Also getting personal referrals is important. I am very sorry that I did not do this. I would have never scheduled an appointment with her.  	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
78	1	Dr Fallick has been my primary care doctor for several years. I find her to be cordial and very professional, hard working and very knowledgable.  Fortunately, I have not had any major illnesses, but she has skillfully seen me through shingles and some other complaints.  	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:Medicare
78	1	Exceptionally competent doctor who sometimes moves too fast and lacks a warmth and gentleness in explaining condition to patient.She knows her stuff but she could employ a bit more empathy at times in her communication skills.  	3	4	3	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
78	0	I've seen Dr. Fallick for several years for small things like cold and flu. She's very friendly. In 2009, I lost my job, and had a small skin infection on my back. I went to see Dr. Fallick. But she just referred me kindly to a dermotologist. It is a small thing that even a physician assistant can take care, but she wouldn't take the time to do it. I was charged $90 for the consulatation service I received. 	3	3	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	great doctor but you can never get through to make and appt. no call backs and keeps you on hold for at least 22 mins.  	1	1	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
79	1	very thorough, but expect a lot of down time in the waiting room. 		2	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	Great doctor! Quick thinking, fast acting knowledgable man, literally saved my life. Best in the business!!!!! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	wonderful personnel, no wait time, always on time. have been with this doctor for years and he has guided me through consistently and with great care.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
80	1	I was referred to Dr. Fard Office by my doctor, in a effort to determine the cause of my short of breath .  Having already visited two other specialist they were unable to determine the cause of my problem. I was feeling a little fearful about seeing any other specialist. I want to thanks Dr. Fard and the staff . I can assure you the professionalism, friendliness,attentiveness I've encountered at Midtowncardiovascular  stand out from the rest.  Dr. Fard you are among the best I wanted you to know how much I appreciate your care I will share  my great experience with others . 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
80	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
80	-1	BEWARE!!! This dr almost killed me! NOT knowledgeable at all. Saw him for 2 years (far too long) and he always said everything was fine, never could give me any advice on cardiac meds and instead always told me to ask my primary care dr. Until one day I felt like I was having palpitations and he said everything was fine (like always), to go home and not drink any coffee, and drink an extra glass of water. Not satisfied, I went to the ER and was admitted to the hospital. After a battery of tests, turns out I was having an atrial flutter and had to undergo an ablation to correct it. I could care less that Dr Fard has invested in an  echocardiogram machine and performs one at every visit. What good is it if he doesn't know how to read it!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
80	-1	I was injured by malfunctioning equipment at this location.  Not calibrated to my arm and never explained to me by PA.  Never saw the doctor.  By the way he does have a license under his real name Ali Fard.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
80	1	Probably the best experience I have ever had with a doctor and their staff !  If you need a cardio guy..Dr Fard is the one to pick.... of course it's probably better if you dont need one at all ! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:GHI
80	1	Dr. Fard fit me in very last minute for a stress test. Service was prompt and professional. His ulstrasound techinician was wonderful. I felt like I was in the best of hands. He also said I could call him if I had any follow-up questions. The office is very nice, too. Clean and minimalist. I highly recommend.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
81	1	Dr. Faiella is a great doctor! He is very understanding and helpful.  He takes the time to answer all your questions!! His staff is wonderful!! BEST UROLOGIST IN NASSAU COUNTY!!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
81	0	. Office is overbooked and appointment have long waits over 30 minutes 	3	1	3	3 	Insurance:CIGNA
81	1	. The best doctor, great man knowledgable and you know he's paying attention to what your saying and explain it to you in plain english I couldn't begin to thank him enough for all he's done for me 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
81	1	Dr. Louis Faiella is a wonderful man, he makes you feel completely comfortable in his office.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
81	1	Great Doc, very easy to talk to, really listens and addresses concerns, my husband felt completely comfortable with him.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:GHI
82	1	My dentist is great, very skilled, caring, nice and clean office, friendly staff 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	Excellent dentist, I had my crowns for my front teeth done by Dr. Farber, they looked great, and I never had any pain or discomfort, she also did an implant crown on one of my back teeth and that also went very well 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
82	1	I got my teeth bleached and a cavity filled so far this year and have been very pleasantly surprised with this upper east side dentist. She has been extremely helpful and reasonable in her pricing compared to my old dentist in new york city (not going to say his name). Thanks so much doctor farber.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
82	1	Was in desperate need of a checkup and some other basic dental work and thank goodness I found Dr. Farber. She is an amazing and caring dentist who truly cares about my well being and beautiful smile (thanks to her help). When it comes to dentists in the New York City area I have found the only one who is kind, caring, and friendly in so many aspects. Also I did not have to wait long for an appointment and her pricing is the most reasonable around time. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	Beyond BEAUTIFUL office. I went in for cosmetic fillings and Dr. Farber completed the job painlessly and pleasently. Highly recommend! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	I am a senior citizen and Dr. Farber is the best dentist I have ever had. She understands the needs and financial situation of seniors and plans treatment accordingly. I wish I would have had a caring and competent dentist like her years ago. dentist like this years ago.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:GHI
82	-1	.  	3	4	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
82	-1	.  	3	5	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
82	-1	.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
83	1	Dr Farah came highly recommended and I was not disappointed. I have seen results in a very short period of time. No waiting, helpful office staff, a knowledgeable doctor, relief from pain - what else can you ask for&#63; 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
83	1	I have been seeing Dr. Andre Farah over a period of 13 years now. One reason I appreciate him so much, is he takes the time to see you as a person. He takes time with every patient, at every visit. Also, worth noting, when I first started with him, I was in a lot of pain. Now, no pain at all. He is kind, he is patient, he is skillful. My husband sees him now, many of my friends too. They all love him. I happily refer anyone to him. He's just the best. Dr. Andre Farah is the best!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	Extremely intelligent, sensitive and understanding physician. Provides quality care and has a wonderful demeanor.  I have recommeneded Dr. Falovksy to all of my friends and family.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
84	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	Dr. Falkovsky is a wonderful Dr. ... he has trated my entire family with the best of care..I am surprised to read the other comments... cannot say a bad thing about him :) 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:GHI
84	-1	arrogant, unapproachable dr.   should NOT be practicing or dealing with families of sick patients..he should be in a lab! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
84	-1	My spouse was hospitalized with diverticulitis on Dr F's orders 3 months ago. Diagnostic imaging revealed issues not directly related to the hospitalization. Dr F. has refused to issue referrals necessary to follow up with specialists. Follow up is deemed necessary by rheumatologist before spouse can resume therapy for arthritis. Dr F. staff insisted my spouse must come in for an office visit to get referral.  Spouse complied and Dr rejected her request in despite the weight of his peers opinions. Patient well being is not a priority and the man is causing undue suffering in violation of hi oath.  	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:HIP
85	1	Dr. F and his staff are the best, particularly his assistant Paula. I recommend them highly. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	Great Dr... explained pro's and con's of procedure..  Easy to reach when needed 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
87	1	One of the best Pathologist in new york. well respected by ENTs throught new york...serious proffesional 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	I had previously been diagnosed with Bullous Pemphigoid.  Dr. Fantasia spent 35 minutes with me, explaining the condition and answering my questions.  He is very professional, attentive and explained all the treatment options.  Wish I had seen him 5 months ago when my condition started.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
87	-1	Possibly the rudest and most assertively unhelpful and dismissive person I have ever had the misfortune to meet. Completely dismissive, disinterested and unhelpful to me.  	4	3	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
88	-1	It was my initial office visit. I had to wait at least 45 minutes, staff took my height anf weight measures. The doctor spent no more then 10 minutes with me, she barely put any notes in my chart, and managed to make gramatical errors in simple words. Besides overpaying the doctor, I received a bill from the lab for another $100+, which i wasn't informed at all. I particully told the doctor that I need my blood to be checked just for one test, however she ordered several tests without letting me know. Would not recommed to anybody, even people with insurance. 	4	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
88	-1	Administered flu shot even though I came in with a cold and fever.  Was not knowledgeable about my common condition (hypoglycemia).  Approached my pap smear like she was going to bat... did not use lubricant, was rough and painful, and failed to give a full physical examination (breast exam, etc.).  	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
89	1	Love, Love, Love Dr. Fallis, I discovered him when I went to the Walk In Clinic for a severe asthma attack.   He took great care of me and I was on my feet in no time! 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
89	-1	Dr. Fallis is perhaps the worst least competent doctor on earth. He simply does not care. In fact someone should check his credentials. My advice to you if you are thinking of seeing this doctor is to see a veterinarian instead, no wait you would be better off going to Kmart or target and getting advice from a cashier. Fallis has a good career as a cashier when he's done with medicine.  	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:Coventry
89	-1	Went in feeling awful in 6/97 - freezing cold, exhausted, and had flu-like sickness for six weeks. He took blood tests and then blew me off on next visit by saying nothing was wrong. Six months later went back again feeling even WORSE and he took another blood test and then dismissed me by saying &quot;A lot of my clients have chronic infections. You'll feel better soon.&quot; Instead, i felt worse - literally bedridden. Month or so later I went back for another visit and was treated like a leper. (In total during all my visits Dr Fallis saw me for all of 10 minutes.) In May 1998 I switched doctors. Turns out i had become infected with (EBV) mono in spring 1997 and had hypothyroidism. I was out of work for a total of five months cause of him. New doctor put me on thyroid medicine t3/t4 than t/3. Feel much, much better now. Dr. Fallis cost me a year of my life - he's literally worse than useless! My opinion: find another doctor. 	3	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
89	-1	Terrible doctor.  Went in for a physical and he barely even touched me.  I would never recommend seeing him.  	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
89	1	Has been my doctor for 4 years. I am an RN so i know a good doctor when i have one and Dr. Fallis is great. Very pleasant, knows what he's talking about, young.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
89	-1	One of those doctors that only care about making money, no sincere care for the patient and knew nothing about the drugs he gives. 1) gives me this brand name prescription instead of the many generic ones avaliable so as to make commissions 2)when I have a reaction to the drug and went back to him the next day, he advised me to take an antiacid and milk, both of which are things to aviod while taking the drug. It's written on the bottle, how can he not even know that&#63;&#63;&#63; Makes you wonder if he knows anything about the drugs he is prescribing to his patients at all!!! I will NEVER go back again. 		5	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
90	1	I've been seeing Dr. Failing for years.  I've had back issues mostly, but the other day I told him the pain I was in because of Plantar Faciaitus.  He just go in a new laser that kind of work like ultra sound.  I was game for anything because it's been 11 months of pain and I was facing surgery.  I can't believe how good my foot feels.   I've been going to treatments a few time a week (along with an adjustment) and my pain level has gone from an 8 to a 2!  Sometimes I am pain free!  Jeff really takes care of me! He listens, gives it to you straight and help! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
91	-1	Had 2 children see him, he was horrible! Wont answer questions-didnt care.  Staff HORRIBLE!!! 	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
91	-1	this guy will not answer your questions and if something goes wrong he blames it on you and not himself 	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
92	-1	Expensive for poor quality care. He spends very little time with patient and misses obvious issues 	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
93	1	 	4	4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
94	1	Wonderful Doctor, wonderful staff. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
95	0	Dr. Falls is one of several doctors working at the Montefiore CFCC clinic in the Bronx. The surgeries are done in Albert Einstein Hospital. She is very rude, she allows the residents make mistakes and covers for them. She did a surgery on me and never saw me after the operation at the clinic for my follow up appt. and it took her 4 to 5 days to answer messages I left for her to tell her about post- op problems.  She takes very little time with you.  She is so nasty the staff there told me they can't stand her due to her attitude. If you need to go to this clinic see another doctor and beware the residents will see you to practice on and mess you up, so ask who they are and if they are an attending doctor. I am left with several problems that will not go away due to the substandard care of this clinic.  	1	1	1	4 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
95	1	Dr. Falls has a wonderful manner - smart and enthusiastic - and also sensitive. I am very happy to have her as my gyn. Great about answering questions and returning calls. Willing to spend the time I needed with me and throughly explain my options regarding an unpleasant procedure. Would recommend her to my best friend (and everyone else) 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
96	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
97	1	I had my mayomectomy last week and my surgery went very well even I had 15 fibriods. My post surgery was very smooth.  She always responsed my phone calls on timely manner.  I Highly recommend her as OBGYN surgeon!!!!!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
97	1	I LOVE Dr. Fan. I've tried many GYNs and she is the best. Down to earth, spent a good amount of time w/ me, asked great questions, and even returned a call when I had a question. I've recommended her to all of my girlfriends. New offices in midtown are also terrific. Easy to schedule appts too.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
97	-1	dr. fan was rude, condescending, and unhelpful.  she would not look at records i brought from my former gyn, and when i asked her to recommend a breast specialist, all she did was have her secretary write down 2 phone numbers without any specific physicians names.  i found her to be cold and uncaring.  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
97	1	Dr. Fan saved my fetus's life, and my husband and I will be forever grateful. When I was diagnosed with a blighted ovum (a &quot;missed abortion&quot;) because the hospital doctors could not see anything on the sonogram screen at 6 weeks, Dr. Fan reassured me that she had indeed seen something on her office sonogram the week before, and she encouraged me to wait to get another sonogram because the due dates might be off. Sure enough, a week later we saw a heartbeat on the hospital sonogram! Another doctor may have started talking with me about procedures regarding aborting the tissue in my uterus, and we could have unknowingly killed the fetus. Dr. Fan used her medical expertise and sound judgment to make the right call, and because of it we are expecting a boy in Jan 2010. I must also give the highest credit to Dr. Fan's office staff (especially Thelma) - even though they seem to be bombarded with incoming calls, they are always courteous, professional, and accurate.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
98	-1	.  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
98	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
