dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	Dr Vanderline was my PCP. Then Gyn befoe medicare cuts went too deep and she couldnt accept anymore... but if i can get back to work someday she WILL BE my dr again... i can not say enough nice things about her... i have a very complicated medical history and she is the best doc i have ever dealt with hands down... i have had some really horrinle experiences... she is cautious and very caring and explains everything fully.... she will treat you like family (I well the family members you love )....   she is the only doctor i know who i trust without question and for me that is a huge deal! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
1	1	Dr. Venderlinde is my GYN. She performed a D &amp; C on me and I can't say enough good about her.  I feel very lucky to have found her! 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
1	1	I saw her when she was with Harbor Women's Health, and really liked her. I was sorry she left (forced&#63;) the practice. 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
1	0	Doctor seems informed, but I had to postpone a D&C; due to financial problems and she fired me as a patient.  First she tried to tell me I had uterine cancer, to scare me into doing it, but after she &quot;fired&quot; me (which she did by sending me a letter with my records) my uterine biopsy report showed I had no cancer.  I returned home after several months later and saw my regular gynecologist who said I didn't even need to have the surgery that Vanderlinde had been trying to push on me since my very first visit. He said I could have it, but there it wasn't necessary.  Also that the uterine polyps she said I had were actually polypoid tissue in all likelihood that all women usually have.  As a precaution he's going to have me do another ultrasound in a few months, but Vanderlinde's diagnosis was clearly her own agenda and when I didn't comply she became abusive and treated me unethically.  	4	3	3	3 	Insurance:Anthem
2	1	Great man saved my life ... What a great doctor one who thinks he's better than others . 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	-1	She has the worst bedside manner I have ever known. Just terrible, makes you feel bad about yourself. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	Dr Verani and her staff are always polite and professional. I feel like when I go for my appts that I am the only patient and my appts are never rushed. Dr verani always takes the time to answer all of my questions and makes sure I understand the information she is giving me. I would never think of going anywhere else.  	 7/29/11	5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
3	-1	do not go here.. she has the WORST bedside manner..  she will tell you your fat and quit smoking every single time 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
3	1	Dr Verani is great!! I have read alot of the comments on this site and everybody mensions the wait time is a few minutes, that is because she does not have the insurance companies telling her how long she is to spend with each patient. Dr. Verani and Karri PA-C take the time with each patient, they listen, they take your oppinion seriously. I always look for a doctor that is own there own and not part of a big group. I have always felt as though I was being treated like cattle by those big practices, in and out, next, in and out ect. Dr Verani is a wonderful woman. I always feel I get the best care at her office.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
3	-1	I am very upset and disappointed by Dr. Verani's office. The staff actually called me a drug addict in the waiting room in front of 4 other patients along with a short description of all the rx's they've prescribed me. These things were said with malice and embarassment being the objective.My HIPAA rights were violated and I was treated with the utmost disrespect. Also, they had tried to bill me for services that were not rendered (a tetanus vaccine). I DO NOT RECOMMEND this practice. They are rude and VERY unprofessional. Myself and several others are currently involved in s lawsuit against them. 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	I'm a relatively new patient (5 years +/-), but I had a stroke last year and Dr. Verani was there for me the whole time-- visiting me in the hospital daily, taking my paranoid phone calls in stride and working with my neurologists to get me back to form. And I have never had trouble getting fast appointments or returned phone calls for my toddler-- which is helpful when she is sick and cranky! The office staff is very sweet and personable-- in the past it seemed that they did have some trouble with organization and returning phone calls, however, this has vastly improved in the last year and a half or so.  I definitely recommend! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	She is an effective family practice who cares (and nags) about her patients, having ben with her over 10 years. Buzy enough you occassional have to wait, but not so long you feel forgotten.  	4	3	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	-1	Terrible...she never calls back, never has appointments and never is open period. I do not recommend her at all.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
3	1	Dr. Verani and her entire office staff have been absolutely wonderful to me during a prolonged period of illness. She coordinated my care with several sepcialists and was great keeping me informed about everyhtign going on. I moved 50 miles away but continue to see Dr. Verani as my primary.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	Dr Verani took great care of me. Had peumonia and she followed thru til xrays were clear. Always in a caring and concerned manner. Really fights to get patients what they need.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
4	1	Found her to be very knowledgable, down to earth - so easy to talk to, AND an excellent surgeon. Would and do recommend her highly. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	I really like her she is honest, genuine and very kind. She listens and is very thorough, would highly recommend her. she did my mom's surgery and did a great job.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
4	1	Nicole is great! She is compassionate and very easy to talk to, she is the best Gyn..I've had.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
4	1	Nicole is an awesome doctor. Very down to earth and understanding of any situation you present to her. I had bounced around gyn to gyn until i found her and i'm very very pleased.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
5	1	She was very knowledgeable and understood my condition very well.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	-1	Felt like I was wasting her time as well.  My daughter has some mental deficiencies and said that she was talked to like she was stupid.  Gave a 3 on the staff rating but there was no staff there.  Gave a 3 on Knowledge but I've not seen the report from the initial visit yet so I'm not sure about that yet.  Wish this survey would offer the N/A option. 	3	1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
5	-1	Very rude, unknowledgeable, felt like I was wasting her time, and I absolutely wasting my time. Complete waste of time.  Unreal. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
5	-1	very RUDE! She thinks she is all that an a bag of potato chips! She is rude and belittles people!!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	Sandra Vallery has helped quite a bit and I find her to be very helpful and caring. 	4	4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
5	-1	Not satisfied with level of care or interest shown by this doctor. Felt like I was wasting her time. 		2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	Staff: Front were just as doctor's office staff ought to be: friendly and helpful. The surgical staff did a good job of keeping my son relaxed. Punctuality: We got to the office about 30 minutes ahead of time to make sure the forms were all filled out. The staff got my son into the surgical room early and he was out ahead of time, too. Dr. VanHeukelom said that things had been running very smoothly that day. Helpfulness: Staff and Dr. Van Heukelom were helpful before and especially after when my son was still a bit loopy from the pain meds. Knowledge: I didn't really quiz Dr. Van heukelom. Our family dentist suggested her. She's been in Salem for a few years, and I've heard good things. We went over my son's treatment plan, and she was happy with what we were doing with our dentist and the orthodontist.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
6	1	. Awesome staff and doctor!!! I have recommended them to everyone I know! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
6	1	Friendly staff, professional service, appointment was on time.  Felt very comfortable and prepared for aftercare. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	I had a difficult surgery done by Dr. Van Heukelom and I am extremely happy with the results.  She even met me at the office over the weekend when I had a complication develop!  She and her staff are the best! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	I never knew having a tooth pulled could be so easy. No more root canals for me! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	I've had bad experiences at dentists before, but for as much as I dreaded going in this time, I didn't think it was bad at all.  I was in and out before I knew it.  I had to get all 4 of my wisdom teeth out.  The staff helped me relax and feel comfortable, and Dr. Emily came in and was friendly.  I woke up and they told me my mouth would be back to normal in just a few weeks!  This was a few months ago, and I never had bad pain or uncomfortability.  I would def. go back to Dr. Emily if I needed more work done in the future. 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
7	-1	this manshould not be preacticing psychiatric medicien 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	I love Patty the Office manager. Explianed everything to me. No hidden $suprises. Dr.V. is a very funny guy! Made me feel comfortable! They are a great family oriented office.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
8	1	Excellent result on my dental work. I had extensive decay in front teeth. He did a fantastic job and I can now smile again. Caring, polite and great sense of humor. Made me feel at ease the whole time and I have a fear of dentist. I would recommend him to anyone. If I'm not afraid no one will be. Very reasonably priced and takes the time to talk to you. Does not rush through - perfectionist when it comes to making the teeth look perfect.  I am so pleased had to spread the word 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
9	-1	THIS IS MY PCP AND I HAVE BEEN ON A PAIN CONTRACT WITH HER FOR 2 YRS OR SO. I WENT TO MY APPNT TODAY TO BE TOLD THAT SHE IS TAKING MY PAIN MEDS AWAY FOR MISSED APPNTS EFFECTIVE IMMEDIATELY. I TAKE 60 MGS DAILY OF OXYCODONE WHICH SHE CUT OFF ON THE SPOT AND 40 MGS OF OXYCONTIN DAILY WHICH SHE SAID SHE WAS GOING TO USE TO TAPER ME DOWN. NOW THESE MISSED APPNTS, WELL MOST WERE NOT MISSED BUT RESCHEDULED. AND WHEN I ASKED HER ABOUT THE SEVERAL TIMES HER OFFICE CALLED ME TO CANCEL, SHE SAID THAT WASNT COUNTED. HOW ETHICAL AND FAIR THAT IS! WHEN I EXPRESSED MY FEAR OF WITHDRAWALS ( I HAVE BEEN ON THESE MEDS FOR 7 OR SO YRS NOW) SHE SAID THAT THE OXYCONTIN TAPER WOULD KEEP ME FROM THAT. I TOLD HER THAT TAKING ME FROM 100 MGS A DAY DOWN TO LESS THAN 40 MGS INSTANTLY WAS SURE TO MAKE ME SICK. SHE INSISTED THAT THE OXYCODONE AND OXYCONTIN WERE DIFFERENT AND THAT TAPERING WITH JUST THE OXYCONTIN WOULD BE FINE. THE 2 MEDS ARE THE SAME MAKE UP. I AM NOW LEFT IN PAIN AND ABOUT TO BE VERY SICK.  	4	1	1	2 	Insurance:Anthem
10	1	Dr Volz is very professional and treats you with respect. She is right to the point, so you know how treatment is working for you, Her nurse is very jovial and they both make you feel confortable. Thank you.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	0	This person was very rude to my wife who has been suffering with pain for weeks, unable to move from her chair. Her foot is red and swollen twice its normal size. All the doctor could do was ball her out for wasting his time because he miscalculated the amount of pain pills he gave her 48 hours ago when she was brought there by ambulance. 1-2 pills every 6 hours could add up to 15 which is what he gave her but what doctors office would see her at 3 am. after a long weekend&#63; We can not afford the cost of 2 ambulance rides just to get meds. He acted like a judge and jury, making my wife and I feel like we were the criminal here for trying to ease her pain. She has never taken drugs that were not prescribed by these doctors. Now she takes 12 or so meds every day at our expense. We can't afford any more never mind these expensive ambulance trips. She screams and cries all night from the pain of Neuropathy. She had a major stroke 7 years ago and lives in torment most of the time.  Bad doctor 	4	4	1	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
12	1	Dr Vella is is the BEST Dr I have ever had. I have never had to wait more than 10 minutes, he takes plenty of time with his patient, he is thorough, compassionate and takes the time to LISTEN to his patient as well as answer questions so that the patient understands the answer. If you are looking for a new Dr...I so very highly recommend him!!! The staff from the front desk as well as the nurses are fantastic as well. You will never feel as though you are bothering them. Another great thing is that they will take blood work, etc right in the office. No having to go elsewhere such as a hospital for it. The nurses who take the blood are very good at it. I am a VERY hard person to get blood from and they are able to get it quickly, most often at the 1st try, which is very rare for me anywhere else.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
12	1	Dr. Vella is a caring, down to earth physician. He is my personal &quot;cheerleader&quot; when I need motivation. He has helped me come a long way with his person to person approach; never speaking down to me. He truly is the best physician for me. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	Dr. Vella is an excellent doctor. He is attentive to patients, orders appropriate tests, and follow ups on all aspects of an indiviual's health care.  Very thorough and I give him a Five-star! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	Have always liked Dr Vella and was glad to see him return. He's very likable and easy to talk to. Seems very knowledgeable and logical. I haven't had to go very often but I've never felt rushed and have always come away from a visit feeling that he cared and took the time to do his honest best. Doesn't push pills or push you out the door.  	3	4	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	0	I felt like he would have rather been somewhere else. Then he moved somewhere else. 	3	2	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	Extremely knowledgeable. Concerned. Answered all my questions.  Would highly recommend this practice.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
14	1	THE BEST, to the point, and no sugar coat. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	Very patient and kind.  Does not ever run on time, so book the first morning appointment.  That said, it's because he is very thorough and takes the time needed to ferret out any problem.  Kind and gentle.  Listens to your complaints and concerns.  After seeing several doctors, she finally diagnosed what was wrong with me.  She is excellent and I would recommend her HIGHLY.  I moved out of the area, but still travel 45 minutes so I can keep her as my PCP.  	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
15	-1	she is not very aggressive in diagnosing anything and is always running late. i've been with her for a while and she never seems to change.  	3	1	2	2 	Insurance:CIGNA
16	1	Exceptional individual. Very caring and patient and thoroughly knowledgeable. A complete asset to mankind. Thank you.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	Always ran at least 40 minutes behind in appointments, and forgot to order blood work and CT scan.  Otherwise very knowledgeable.  	2	2	4	5 	Insurance:Aetna
16	1	Extremely knowledgeble in Internal Medicine particularly Cardiac disease. Caring & professional. Highly recommend.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
17	1	A very pleasant environment. Dr. Vallieres has a terrific bed side manner and was very thorough in explaining my results. Her knowledgable staff is also exquisite! They made me feel so at home!! I will definitely return and recommend them to anyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
