dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
8	1	 Dr. D'Angelo found my stage zero breast cancer through MRI when my mammography showed nothing at all. He is very kind and gentle. Calming you down while performing procedures. I thank Dr. D'Angelo for finding my cancer. Although it was stage zero, it was aggresive. Mammo showed nothing and my cancer could have turned to stage 1 before my next annual mammo. Thank goodness for MRIs and Dr.  D'Aneglo! 	4	4	4	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	1	 Skilled, compassionate, informative radiologist. Specializes in breast mammograms, sonograms and MRI and performs vacuum assisted breast biopsies under MRI. His facility actually has digital mammography with CAD for large breasts too, which is not the case in many radiology centers. He saw a second cancer in my breast on MRI, whereas the &quot;best&quot; cancer hospital in the metropolitan area could not find it and deemed that there was nothing suspicious on their MRI. I had the spot localized by Dr. D'Angelo and he was correct. He spoke to me many times during my complicated case and he is just the nicest, calmest and most caring doctor I have met. Thank you, Dr. D'Angelo, for helping me and for not backing down against the giant &quot;expert&quot; NYC cancer hospital's breast radiology department. They did not show a fraction of your care nor any respect for me as a patient.  You are the best! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	 The best doctor I have ever had.  He listened!  Then used his knowledge to help me.  I need him back.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
9	1	 Carmen D'Angelo was my primary doctor since 1986.  When he gos back in to practice again I will be BACK J Coppeta 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$15
9	1	 Excellent doctor!  Where are u Dr. D&#63;  Miss u!  THere are very few doctors like this one, he treated my whole family including my grandfather of 93 years.   I strongly recommend him! 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	 Dr.  D'Angelo truly cares about his patients and takes time to listen and really makes them feel comfortable and trusting 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
9	1	 This has been a family doctor for years. He has taken care of my entire family. He is very knowledgable and loves what he does. He will always make time for you, and always answer all of your questions and never let you leave if you are feeling uncomfortable.  I wish there were more doctors out there that loved their jobs as much as he does! 		4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$15
15	-1	 functions as an insurance company money saver by denying medical testing requests regardless of a patients need or history.  	1	2	1	1	Insurance:CIGNA
19	1	 Dr. D'Angelica is a gifted surgeon and a wonderful man. He cares not only for his patient but, the whole family.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	 Allowed fellow to discuss surgical decisions with us before we even met the MD we had the appt. with.  		2	3	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$500
20	1	 Excellent Doctor.In the unfortunate event that you find yourself needing this service, you cannot be in better hands. After surgery, recovery occurred exactly as stated in the time frame stated.  Outstanding 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	1	 I find Dr. D'Angelo to be extremely pleasant and helpful.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
22	-1	 I was not impressed with Dr. D. when I saw him for a pain condition. He comes off as a &quot;know-it-all&quot;, but he did NOT do what was best for me. Changed P/T doctors after seeing him twice.  	4	4	2	2	Insurance:Oxford
22	-1	 Nice guy but he is only a primary who thinks he knows everything about every disipline.  He cannot make a correct dianoses if his life (or patients) depended on it, which unforuntately is the dase.  Never in.  He once had many patients but he bearly has any.  There has been quite a few situatons where when he had to make a diagnoses it was wrong.  OK he is nice but that is not what you are looking for in a doctor.  	1	5	1	1	Insurance:United Healthcare
22	1	 Dr. D'Angelo is the best Dr. I have ever  seen!  He is incredibly knowledgable, kind and genuinely caring.  He never judges you and he always takes as much time as you need to speak with him and express your feelings and concerns.  He goes above and beyond to treat his patients with the uttmost respect and care.   I trust him with my life and would highly recommend him to anyone!  He is a one of a kind and a true icon in his field!  If all Dcotors out there were even half as wonderful as he was, people might not hate going to them! 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:GHI
22	1	 Fantastic doctor.  Very caring, knowledgeable, warm and detailed oriented.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Oxford
26	-1	comments 	5	5	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	 Dr. David D'Agate is a cardiologist. Dr D'Agate has an impressive educational background. His manner is pleasant and congenial. His concern for his patients is intense and caring. If you need to see a cardiologist who really cares about your both cardiac and overall health, Dr. David D'Agate is that doctor! Both my wife and I are patients of Dr. D'Agate. We couldn't have hoped for a more proficient, professional and caring doctor. He REALLY does care about his patients! If you are a cardiology patient Dr.  D'Agate should be YOUR doctor! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	-1	 Dr D'Agostino helped with my knee 2 years ago. So when I was in pain again I went back. He told me he would call in a script but did not. My pharmacist  was very nice and called the office for it. The office could not find my records and then put the doctor on the phone. He was very nasty to my pharmacist. I didn't get the script and was told to go see another doctor.  	3	2	1	2	Insurance:Oxford
33	1	 Great Doctor! Performed ACL reconstruction and has been caring and helpful with recovery. Would see again and would recommend to others.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	1	 Dr. D has done 2 of my previous 3 knee operations. He did a great job repairing my acl and is very  friendly. I am actually seeing him to clean up my other knee because of on-going pain.  Even though its been 13 years since he did my knee, I still trust him to do a great job! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	-1	 warning, do not use this doctor for shoulder ops, he did my shoulder and it turned out to be a mess. Needed to get another op later on to fix his mess. this guy had not right doing this op in the 1st place. I was told be the next doctor this guy really didn't know what he was doing.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Aetna
33	-1	 I am in the medical field and would especially not recommend going to him if you have something that is not a standard case.  I feel that all he knows is knees and the elderly.  Would not recommend him to other people.  Spoke with a physical therapist who would also agree with this opinion.  	1	3	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	-1	 The above feels like it was written by his staff.I'm sorry, but what you call a waiting room,I call a factory. Maybe he just doesn't like handicapped patients.  The pain was so bad he did  an MRI and said everything was fine...get some physical therapy.  I still can't believe that was his response...I could stand it and that was his response.  I saw the staff treating some patients very nicely, but maybe I was the wrong color or not as healthy because they lied outright and got nasty when I said that can't be true.  I mean nasty.   I spent the next two weeks trying to get my records!!! 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Medicare
33	1	 One of the best doctor's I've ever been to. He is very friendly, takes time to explain things, and will even make drawings to help provide a better picture. He performed surgery on my torn meniscus (woke up and walked out) and I went back for a tear in my shoulder (although he is a knee specialist). Go to Dr.  D if you can! 	3	3	5	5	Insurance:Oxford
33	1	 Dr. D'Agostino reconstructed both of my ACLs (Allografts) and he did a great job. He is the type of doctor that actually listens to his patients. A very likable professional who is tops in his field. You may wait an hour in the waiting room, but you can be sure you will get the time you deserve during your consult too. Consider yourself lucky if he is in your plan.  		3	5	5	Insurance:Oxford
42	-1	commentsA young relative of mine, a 10-year-old girl, went for a basic school physical with Dr. D'Angelo. Dr. D'Angelo had no bedside manner, was very rude, forceful, disrespectful, and lacked understanding and compassion. This particular young girl was extremely uncomfortable disrobing, began to cry, and begged to leave her clothing on during the exam (which is 100% possible! All of my school physicals were done with clothes on!). It doesn't matter what this young girl's reason was for not wanting to expose herself; she is entitled to her feelings and should not be forced to do something she is uncomfortable with. She was very upset. She was told that she had to take her clothes off or else the exam couldn't be done. So her and her mother left to find a doctor who is respectful and understanding and does not force young girls into uncomfortable exams before they're ready. Dr. D'Angelo, maybe time to look into some sensitivity training before you emotionally scar another young girl. 	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	commentsVery compassionate. Easy to talk to. 		4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	commentsI was in bad shape the Friday before a holiday weekend and after seeing a dentist who refered me to another oral surgeon that doctor told me he had no appointments until 10 days . A friend went to Dr DAbundo and raved about him so I decided to try to get an appointment . Without hesitation the girl said I could come over right away. Not only was I seen that day but Dr DAbundo and his staff were Great!!!! Hopefully Ill never need him again but I would not hesitate to see him or recommend him 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
54	-1	commentsHas NO respect for confidentiality! Gives out your private information. His staff was so poorly trained that they nearly put on a single lead apron instead of a double lead apron knowing that I was pregnant. Answered his cell phone in the middle of operating on my tooth. He did not wash his hands after his phone call. Refused to stop when I was in pain. His bedside manner was the worst. I had a panic attack. It made me fearful of other dentists. I reported him already but unfortunately I couldn't prove my claim because he was friends with a in law of mine and the person wouldn't testify against him. This dentist and his staff are completely negligent towards people without insurance. Paid/Co-pay:$200	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	commentsGreat wonderful guy.  Very helpful and considerate.  Really wants to help his patients. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	 DR.NINA AS WE CALL HER, IS THE MOST CAREING,COMPASSONATE DOCTOR YOU WILL EVER FIND.SHE IS ALWAYS SWEET AND CAREING NO MATTER WHAT KIND OF DAY SHE HAS HAD.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	-1	 He refused to see my mother, because according to him she was not following orders. The medication he has given her was not agreeing with her and made her very sick and she was throwing up. He was mixing Omeprazole 20 mg &amp; Digoxin 125 mcg and was not agreeing with her and they are not supposed to be taken together (according to the side effects information from the pharmacy). He no longer wants to be my mother's doctor. He does not have a bedside manner with the elderly. My mother was sick and very upset after she came home from his visit. They were claiming that she did not tell them about the medicines, but we had told him and his assistance Kelly and evidently was not documented in her file. She was trying the medicines, even if they were not agreeing with her, so she was getting clamy, nauseaus and throwing up. It is very hard to see her get so sick from a medicine that is supposed to make her feel better. She is 92 1/2. so I guess they feel she has lived long enough.  	2	2	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	1	 Although Dr. D is a nice man, and a very good doctor. He has one phone line that is forever busy, you can leave a voicemail that may get returned. Staff is nice but at times very unhelpful. You kind of get the feel that you are just a paycheck. And my family nad I have been with this Doc. for years. Its time to change.  	3	1	3	5	Insurance:GHIPaid/Co-pay:$15
64	0	 They constantly make my life a living hell... I'd rather stay in bed sick, and miss work, then go see him. Wait time is ridiculous, and then he's making small talk and BSing... He MAY be a good doctor, but his practice sucks. They squeeze as many visits as possible, to milk your insurance, whether you're sick or just need a referral..  	2	1	2	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	1	 Dr. D'Angelo is very thorough with his examinations.  He runs all tests possible to diagnose what sickness, pain, or illness patients have.  He also is on call at his service.  I went to the Westchester Square Hospital ER and they called Dr. D'Angelo and he showed up and trated me in the ER.  He goes above and beyond the call of any doctor that I have ever been to.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
64	1	.  Great Doctor! 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
70	1	commentsHad Two Wisdom teeth removed Dr. Makes you feel comfortable and excellent bedside manner. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	commentsExcellent on the phone. Very kind and help you if you are worried about a procedure being done 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
71	1	 Amazing!  Great with patients.  He totally listened to what I needed.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
71	1	commentsJoe was great. He zero'd in on where I had pan and had me fixed up on my first visit. I will definitely be back. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
72	-1	 Rude with a god complex. He ignored my symptoms and insisted that I needed to be on meds. Because he misdiagnosed my condition, I ended up in the hospital. Stay clear of this charlatan. He only cares about how much money he can make off your insurance.  	2	1	1	1	Insurance:Aetna
72	-1	commentsSeems preoccupied with something else when he is with you 	1	1	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
72	-1	 rude,impatient,keeps you waiting a long time,& acts very immature if you question him about meds. he insists you take.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
72	1	commentsMy entire family are patients of Dr. D'Agostino. He is patient and extremely thorough. He gets a little crazy with supplements and meds, but everyone is healthy because of him. His staff is amazing. Most offices have incompetent and rude receptionist, but his office is one exception. Highly recommeded. 	5	4	5	4	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	 PERSONABLE....MAY BE A BIT OVERAGRESSIVE IN USE OF MEDICATIONS; BUT, I AM NOT A DOCTOR AND THAT IS JUST MY PERSONAL IMPRESSION.  	4	3	4	3	Insurance:Medicare
72	0	comments 	5	4	4	1	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	 Dr.D'Elia is a wonderful doctor. She has a great bed side manner and is very knowledgeable.  She is the very best! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Oxford
73	1	 I had some issues and she did everything she could do to help me.She is the best.  Edgar 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
73	1	 I found Dr. D'Elia to be very knowledgeable, professional, and helpful.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
73	-1	 Dr. D'Elia is a scatter brain.  She had me admitted as an in-patient for surgery, and then changed her mind.  She was seemingly AWOL from duty for several hours because hospital nurses paged her 7 times, before she answered.  Hospital nurses advised me her unresponsiveness was unprecedented.  Dr. D'Elia forgot to ensure I'd receive my routine prescriptions, during my hospital stay.  She also forgot to notify hospital staff that my surgery was cancelled.  Therefore, uninformed staff prepared me for surgery, even after Dr. D'Elia knew surgery was cancelled.  She doesn't answer email and is inconsistent about returning phone calls.  Dr. D'Elia is of questionable competence.  That's just my personal experience, having been her patient over a period of two months.  Other physicians on her team performed with excellence, meaning my complaint is restricted to Dr. D'Elia alone.  	1	1	1	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$6000
80	1	 Very patient, great listener. Highly recommend.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
83	1	 The entire staff surrounding Dr D'Alton is wonderful, caring, supportive, etc. from her reception to the younger doctors who work with her, to the ultrasound technicians.  I was a very high risk pregnancy and I felt comfortable w/Dr. D'Alton.  She cared how I was feeling mentally as well as physically.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Oxford
