dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	Outstanding person/dentist. Responds in a timely manner for emergencies.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
2	1	Excellent, excellent, excellent!  One of the few doctors I've seen who doesn't rush you, and gives straight answers.   Just fabulous! 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
2	1	. He is a great doctor, listens and troubleshoots very well!  Have been our primary doctors for over 4 years!!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
2	1	Excellent dr.! Highly recommended! Unfortunately, my insurance changed to Horizon POS and they don't take it.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
3	1	Dr. Langer and his staff gave me an appt. when I was not even a patient the same day.  I was in pain and they did all the right things.  I plan to make him my dentist now.   I am so thankful he was there in my time of need! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	Very concientious. Always tries to help and is eaily reachable. I highly recommend him to anyone who needs a Dentist.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
3	1	Fantastic dentist. Our whole family loves him. I've had two crowns and a root canal with absolutely no pain. He offers late appointments on specific days during the week, so you don't have to take off work to go to a dentist appointment. He is very friendly and goes out of his way to help you. I would highly recommend Dr. Langer. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	very friendly & knowledgable physician 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	great diagnostician.  explained things in great detail in language i could understand 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	-1	I had an appt with Dr. Sorvino, the thyroid expert in the practice, and waited a long time for this appt.   When I checked in I said I was there for an appt with Dr. Sorvino.  I was ushered to the exam room and several minutes later Dr. Lachman walks in!  He then told me Dr. Sorvino handles thyroid issues so come back and see him!  New patients beware of bait and switch!!  Very disorganized or very dishonest practice. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
5	-1	The worst doctor experience of my life.  The office took weeks to submit prior authorization forms for the prescription Kanowitz wrote.  They never returned my messages or responded to pharmacy calls.  I talked to the insurance company and they said the office was being ridiculous, and considering that insurance companies are by nature ridiculous, I think that's pretty bad.  Take my advice and go somewhere else. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
5	0	I was highly recommended to Dr Lachman and saw him 3 times for the same condition. He told me repeatedly that I had acid reflux and even doubled my Nexium dosage. I knew myself well enough to know that this wasn't my problem and voiced that to him. Even so, I went home and tried the Nexium for a month. With absolutely NO improvement, I started a search on other doctors and came across Dr. Anthony Jahn, who is associated with the Head and Neck Center of NY. At the time, he had a NJ office that I went to. I told him that I was being treated for acid reflux and 5 minutes into the exam he told me I did NOT have acid reflux. I was SO relieved to hear him say that!! I was diagnosed with a voice disorder called spasmotic dysphonia. It is characterized by periods of uncontrolled vocal spasms where the afflicted person has to make a conscious effort to speak. I honestly felt that the drug company was giving Lachman incentives to prescribe Nexium.  He was the worst! See Dr Anthony  Jahn 	4	4	4	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	Yes, Dr. Lachman's office is busy, however in the 4 office visits ive had with him i don't think it reduces the quality of care. he has always spent the time i needed him to spend with me, and even took time to talk to me about college selections/careers in medicine etc, so really i think people who are saying he rushed with them perhaps don't understand the concept of efficiency, and that it doesnt mean he is compromising their care. That the office is so busy clearly means many people in the area know he is the best, and want him to treat them.  	3	1	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
5	-1	I am giving Dr. Lachman a very poor review. He rushed me in and out. I had almost no time with him. He sent me on a crazy doctor visit frenzy. After a lot of money spent and a lot of time off of work, we was able to tell me, nothing. Rushed me in and out in 4 minutes and charged me $200 that my insurance wouldn't cover because the &quot;quick&quot; visit was unnecessary. (I have very good insurance, by the way). I will never go back and I will never recommend him to anyone I care about. His complete disregard for his patient's well being should not be taken lightly. On a side note- Dr. Lachman told my brother his hearing was perfect: 5 months later, he completely lost all hearing in his left ear.  Is that quality medical care&#63; 	2	1	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	-1	I liked Dr. Lachman very much, very nice bed side manner, however, his office is like a factory.  They schedule an appt for every 10 min., so you don't have much time to spend with the dr.  I felt he wasnt thorough enough during the exam, & I was rushed thru, he never read my films, or continued with my problem, as he was already calling the next &quot;customer&quot; into the office.  I wouldn't go back only because of the busy factor and lack of followup.  I went based on his good reputation from the internet sites.  	3	2	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	I was ref'd to Dr Lachman a few years ago for sinus issues; was so impressed with him that I went to him for some issues that had been diaagnosed as Meniere's Disease, then diagnosed as other things years ago. He did diagnose as Meniere's and I do have confidence in his diagnosis and plan for treatment. Heartily recommend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	I went to Dr. Lachman for years and then after my young children were treated by him as well. He is by far the BEST and would suggest the only one to go to in the practice. Unfortunately, he partnered with Dr. Sorvino, who is the worst. Wonder how that happened&#63;&#63;&#63; Dr. Lachman, possesses a warm, caring attitude; unlike Dr. Sorvino, who has yet to learn this and feel is book-learned and much too interested in the $$$ rendered. Last, Dr. Lachman is keenly knowledgeable and targets the diagnosis right on! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	My family has used Dr. Lachman for many years. He is an outstanding professional. He has always been compassionate, extremely knowledgeable, returns phone calls always very quickly. In situations that he can not handle, he will refer you to another excellent physician and remembers to follow up with you! This is a 5 star office all the way around ~ great support staff in office~ other doctors are wonderful also! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	Exellent doctor; professional, knowledgable, would definitely recommend him. I had a leison in my throat and he definitely is keeping his eye on things; tests, biospies.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
6	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
6	-1	Horrible doctor. He is quick to diagnose and rushes out patients. His office staff is rude and inattentive and do not care. Overall Please do not see this doctor. I'm surprised he hasn't faced a malpractice suit.  	1	2	2	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
6	-1	This doctor wants to give out treatment without diagnosis.  He looked at my throat and gave me two antibiotic shots and a round of penicillin for strep.  I asked how he knew it was strep, and he said, &quot;I can see it&quot;.  Statistics state that doctors are wrong about strep without a test 50% of the time.  I told him I had a pain in my back.  He didn't touch me or ask questions, but offered to give me a shot to relieve the pain.  I'm scheduling an appointment with my new doctor as I type.  	5	3	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	Very good doctor. Great service provided by all staff.  	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	1	. Great pleasant doctor, She answered all my questions, and resolved my child medical problems, very professional 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Molina
9	1	Very caring and gentle.Takes time to explain test results and plan of care. Had surgeryand was happy with results.As a nurse I know when I meet a good MD that I would recommend to my family and friends. 	4	3	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	.  	1	2	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
9	1	Dr. Lake is an excellent Dr. very helpful & explains everything. took time with me & didn't rush me like most Dr.'s do. He is a very caring Dr. The staff is very nice & helpful. ( i wrote on the other Dr. Lake in Oakhurst it is the wrong Dr.) I meant this Dr.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	0	His staff is rude and I saw him and his partner and Parker and avoid.  One gave cream for fissure the other didn't even look and goes you need surgery.  Secretary called and said it was booked for 2 days later I explained to her I wasn't ready for that and had to consider and arrange care.  She completly ignored me and said you need a ride take a cab.  How desperate are they for surgery.  SCARY.  PS:  I thought I might of been pregnant which is why I wanted to wait and guess what I was.  AVOID THIS GROUP and PS:  I'm A RN in this state and these guys give our field a BAD NAME.  	1	5	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	-1	He botcher a bowel resection, I now have a colostomy bag.  My white blood cell count is high due to infection.  I was leaking fecal matter into my abdoninal cavity for 24 hours before he acted.  His associate ignored the 4 calls from the hospital nurses while I was leaking.  AVOID THIS DOCTOR AND ATLANTIC SURGICAL GROUP AT ALL COSTS. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	Dr. Lake is wonderful. He is professional and caring and answers all questions in depth and with patience. The surgical experience went extremely well and we would recommend him to anyone. His staff is kind and concerned as well.  	 9/10/07	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	1	Compassionate and knowledgeable Physician 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	-1	My son who was about 11 at the time needed teeth pulled, the dr. gave him a liquid sedative that tasted really bad, when my son said he didn't like the taste, the dr. said &quot;so go home&quot;.  Very unprofessional way to speak to a child.  I had a tooth pulled by him that got infected, he couldn't care less.  Will never go back to him.  	5	4	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	-1	I had a bad experience with this dr, I broke my jaw and went to the Er and no Dr was on call and they referred me to dr lad man to see him the next morning. The xray technicians advised me they saw it was broken and provided with stays to show dr lad man. When I went to his offic the staff was very kind and friendly but dr lad man gave me only 1 min of his time and said he didnt see a break to go home and take Tylenol. And when leaving his office they tried to charge me $120.00 for sending me home in pain. I had to go to a new Dr who saw the break in the xrays and also took his own and wound up sewing my jaw shut. Dr lad man made a terrible call and did not give me a minute of his time but charged me for it. I still refuse to pay that. 	5	5	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	He is the most gentle and kind person.  He  is soft spoken and puts you at ease.   Excellent work, too! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
11	1	Dr. Ladman is an amazing surgeon. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	-1	I refused to come back for a second visit for a tick bite and another $25 co-pay even though I told them I was out of work and the doctor fired me. They refused to treat me or my family and refused to release my records until I pay the $25.  	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	0	I have been going to Your Doctor's care for 10yrs, I have never met a doctor it was always a nurse that checked on me, given I am healthy and only complaint I have had was cold or flu. This is the case for routine examination.  	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Aetna
12	1	i have to tell you, Dr.Landesman is simply amazing! i have used Your Doctors Care since moving to the area in 2000 and have been very happy there! The Dr.s there are all wonderful, but Dr.Landesman is a cut above the rest! Really just the nicest guy who is sincere when you have a concern or are feeling awful.  I distinctly recall one time when I was mortified that I had split my nailbed in half at work. I drove over there scared, bleeding, alone, thinking I needed stiches and not knowing what to do.  Dr.Landesman was great! He reassured me that they would be able to help me, had a nurse help him to clip my nail shorter to avoid getting bumped, cleaned it up, splinted it and wrapped it up for me.  No pain at all! I know it seems minor to most, but I was really frightened! I guess what I'm trying to say here is that no matter what,he will always treat you and what's going on with you as the only thing that matters to him at that moment. If your looking for a primary care giver-choose him! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
12	1	Dr. Landesman has been my doctor for the past 7 years.  He has a great bedside manner and is very knowledgeable. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	Dr. Landesman has excellent bedside manner. His approach is calming, but with a tinge of humor. He takes any physical complaint seriously, and instills confidence in his diagnosis. All of his staff are exceptionally nice and responsive.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	1	He is always extremely professional and the best doctor I've ever seen.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
13	1	Dr. Lang has been our family chiropractor for 16 years. I travel an hour to see him because he is the best. He is far more skilled and knowledgeable than any other chiropractor I've seen over the last 25 years.   I ended up going to him when I was pregnant.  I was jumping from one chiro to another trying to find one that understood a pregnant body and could provide relief from the strain pregnancy was putting on my back.  I'm so glad to have found such a wonderful doctor! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	Dr. Lang is by far the best Chiropractor I have ever been to.  I actually travel an hour to see him because he is so thorough and caring.  He has the abiltiy to manually adjust his patients or he can use a machine that is so gentle and does such a great job.  My children have all been to see him ever since the time they were quite young.  I have recommended everyone to him that I know and after several years of trying other chiropractors I found him and stayed.  He is so knowlegable and the only one that can actually adjust my back.  He takes his time and I trust him which says alot.  While Orthopedic Docs and Physical therapists try to fix you he actually does and all without surgery or continuous visits. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	Dr lam is a very caring and knowlegable doctor.  He does not rush you .  He also tries to evaluate your condition carefully before advising medication or surgery.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
14	1	Doctor Lamm is an excellent doctor, kind, caring and considerate.  I would recommend him to anyone interested in a reputable doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	1	He treated my mother who is 85 and was able to get her off the traich.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
16	1	. Wonderful OB GYN! she examined my daughter and was a much better physician than the doctor for whom she was covering! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
16	1	Dr. Lamborne is an amazing doctor.  She is very thorough, not just in the gynecological or obstetrics area.  She is concerned for your entire health and she takes the time to listen and appease all your fears, answer your questions, and make you feel completely taken care of.  She is the best gynecologist! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	Dr Lansing has been my dr for going on 26 years - she is absolutely amazing.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
17	1	Dr. Lansing is a true Healer.  She is extremely knowledgeable, not only about primary care (she can go a long way into specialties), as well.  And on top of it she is extremely kind, and listens carefully.  Though her office has moved to nearly an hour away from her home, I will continue to see her as my primary care physician.  It is true that there are often long waits in the office to see her, but it is worth it.  	4	2	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
17	1	Dr. Lansing is skilled, compassionate and by far the best Dr I have ever been to. She really cares and understands complicated cases.   She is the bomb!!! The wait is worth it! 	4	2	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	Dr. Lansing is an amazing lady.  She has the knowledge and wisdom of experience, is intuitive, and very in tune with what is happening today in the field of medicine, as she oversees all of the intern's the practice.  Yes, you will wait a long time in the waiting room - she is rarely on time, but when she spends a minimum of  1/2 hour with me at each visit, it is worth the wait.   She only sees patients one day a week now, so it will take a long time to get an appointment.  But if you need something now, I find calling her nurse and leaving messages will often get me a return call from Dr. Lansing herself.  I have moved to another state, and I still return to see her.   I have never had a better doctor! 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	0	Whats the use of having one of the most highly rated family doctors when it takes me months to get an appointment with her&#63;   Long wait in the waiting room as well. But I have to say she did spend a good amount of time with me its just that nothing came of it.  I was sadly disappointed.  	2	3	1	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	-1	Staff was rude and unfriendly. The wait was ridiculously long in a hot and stuffy waiting room, and when I finally got in, Dr Lansing rushed through the visit, told me to amke a follow up appointment and when I tried to the obnoxious and rude desk person told me there were none available.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
18	1	I really like Dr. Labosco.  He puts me at ease during my exam.  I find him to be very nice and friendly.  I difinitely recommend him to anyone.  	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	0	He isn't my doctor in the group, but I was forced to have him for a spur of the moment appointment. I was surprised by his friendliness and consideration, although the negative comments on here are justified..I've experienced some of the same issues w the practice over the years. The bp reading is pointless..the nurse who took mine commented that I should have it retaken after seeing the doctor but after the doctor left the room nobody took it again. Many times when I'm done w the visit I feel confused.  	1	1	3	2 	Insurance:CIGNA
18	1	I LOVE DR. LOBOSCO HE IS THE BEST! HE WILL EXPLAIN STEP BY STEP HE HAS A GREAT PERSONALITY &amp; IM VERY HAPPY HE IS MY DR. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	Dr. Labosco was recommended to me by my mother and a friend.  This was my first time going to him, and the wait time on the day after July 4th was under 15 minutes, and the front desk personnel were courteous and nice.  The nurse practioner was neither friendly or unfriendly, just very systematic with the process of checking my vitals, and weighing and measuring me.  As soon as Dr. Labosco walked into the room, he greeted me by my name, and put me at ease by using humor.  He listened to every word I said when I mentioned my problem to him, said that I had nothing to be embarassed about.  He not only answered my question, but also took the time to illustrate on paper for me so I could visualize what he was saying.  Before he performed the procedure, he detailed it for me because he wanted me to know what to expect before he proceeded.  I found Dr. Labosco to be kind, patient, and very helpful.  He didn't brush off my concern and made me feel better after my visit.I highly recommend him.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
18	1	I have been going to Dr. LaBosco for over ten years. Never an alarmist, very knowledgeable, pleasant and patient. The staff could stand improvement but he is absolutely the best OBGYN I've had.  He even called me at home, months after my visit, because he had been at a confernece and read something that he thought may pertain to my case--and that was after my second visit to him! 	2	1	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
18	-1	He reviewed a Transvaginal ultasound - he was implying that I had some type of unknown condition but would not explain.  He was rude, rushed me, gave no explanation, disputed the reason I had my ultrasound in the first place which was that I was new to the practice and had known fibroids.  I am a nurse and couldn't stand his rude condescending attitude.  He should not be taking care of woman. I would love to be his nurse someday.  Do not go to him unless you want to leave his office with a feeling of fear and anger.  	5	4	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
18	1	I was surprised to hear other reviews not very favorable.  The Dr. was very gentle, not an alarmist,which I really like about  him,  but concerned enough about me.  I never found  him to be rude or in a rush.  The staff on the other hand are pretty bad.  You have to wait on the average at least 45 minutes. 	2	2	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	-1	Horrible doctor! He didn't listen to me when I asked him to perform  a specific blood test that checked cancer markers. I had already spoken to the insurance company and was told the test was covered in my plan. When I asked him to perform the blood test, I was told, it was &quot;internet bunk&quot; and he did not perform the blood test as requested. Three months later I was diagnosed with advanced stage cancer!! I could have been diagnosed three months earlier, but I guess he knew better.  NOT! I am alive today, but no thanks to him!!! 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	0	After having my baby he stitched me and I felt every stitch. When I complained he said &quot;this pain is nothing after what you just went through&quot;. He would not give me any numbing medication. 	4	1	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	Always have to wait, even if you call ahead the office will tell you there is no wait but when you arrive 10 min later there is a 45 min wait!! 	4	2	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	-1	He rushes through the visit, does not want you to ask any questions and he is a bit condescending. I saw him three times too many and will make sure that it does not happen again. They have better doctors in the group.  	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	-1	I had to see him years ago because he was in the same practice when I was having my first child. He would, very sarcastically, remark how I was gaining too much and was going to have an 8 lb. + baby. I gained no more than 28lbs (average)and my daughter was slightly over 6lbs. Sad to hear he has not improved with age. I had friends who loved him but he definitely was not for me. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
18	-1	Dangerous-he brushed off my concerns about my strong family history of breast cancer with &quot;no women under 40 get breast cancer&quot; In today's day and age he should know better.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
18	1	Dr. Labosco is excellent.  Puts you at ease during the exam.  Kind &amp; considerate. Best around. 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	0	Truthfully, I like this man. He was usually kind but the wait is the fault of the &quot;business&quot; organization. I waited bare-a**ed in a room with NO heat. When I left I overheard a nurse say that someone shut off the heat! He spent most of the time while I froze with a salesman! Found out I had hypertension even though they always take a BP - he NEVER told me probably didn't look at my chart. I liked him, he was kind to me when I had problems but I cannot forgive not reviewing my BP. If you take a blood pressure, you are responsible to tell the patient to see their primary. I left the practice - no loss, they are rich, rich - too many doctors, too many patients, too long a wait for so-so service.  Retire already! I liked him very much but it's time! I should have sued the practice for putting my life and my kidneys at risk! Don't take no crap! 	2	1	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	1	Dr. Labosco was excellent!!! I'm always very squeamish with pap smears however he made me feel very at ease and comfortable.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	-1	.  	5	3	2	2 	Insurance:HealthPartners
18	-1	This doctor is NOT someone I am comfortable with. I had to go to him for a colposcopy, which is scary enough without a bad doctor. Basically I was uninformed of what was going on during the procedure (was not told I needed a biopsy!) and he was a very cold and sarcastic character. He did explain the procedure as he was doing it, but didn't explain very well - his words weren't well chosen or comforting. He also made a remark that I would never expect from a doctor - since he knew the procedure was uncomfortable, he &quot;joked&quot; that women should &quot;have to&quot; go through with the discomfort! I don't even remember why he justified it, something maybe like men have to work for the family so we should have to experience pain&#63; I was appalled. He is older - this seems like the **** view of an old doctor who doesn't care anymore. I will never go back to him, and I am changing offices so I can avoid this creep.  	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
19	1	Dr.Landau is the best dentist I have ever gone too!!! She's incredibly knowledgeable and knows her stuff! She's also very friendly and willing to answer any questions that you may have about anything! I have also been treated by the other dentist they have on staff-Dr. Cannavo and she's also very knowledgeable and superb at her work too! A+ work! -Johnny! :) 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
19	1	Dr. Deb is the best! She's gentle and caring. I've been going to her for 15 years and I wouldn't use anyone else. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	I had dental treatment and found the office, staff, and doctor to be excellent.  Very happy to be referred to that office.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
19	1	Changed my smile with veneers! I had a gap between my two front teeth for almost 30 years and never knew this was possible until I met Dr. Landau! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	-1	A bridge done by this doctor did not fit well. She never accepted responsibility for it. Finally I had to redo the bridge somewhere else, and had to pay again. Waste of money...  	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Oxford
19	1	friendly staff,clean office,I had full cosmetic veneers and they were done perfectly and in a timely manner. Very professional and caring Dentist. I would highly recommend this Dentist. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	-1	Dr.Laing office staff are horrible workers.They are not professionals at all. They do not know whats going on in their office. Dr.Laing staff is making him look bad as a doctor. Need to get rid of his office staff and found some new and improve ones. They mess up patients information all the time and then never know how to fix their mistake. Beware when entering their office. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	Dr. Lainge is one of the best Doctors around. He's polite, he makes you feel comfortable, he's very intentive, he cares about his patients and he's good at what he do. I have moved out of the area, but no matter how far I am, I still travel to his office. YOUR THE BEST DR. LAING, WE LOVE YOU! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	Dr. Laing is a professional practicioner of great experience. He's one of the few Drs. I've encountered who I really feel is in it for the patient, not the practice.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	1	Dr L is a kind caring Doctor. Takes the needed time to answer questions. Makes you feel comfortable. Nice staff too. 	4	4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	She has to be the best. So kind, professional and on point. She is very calm and takes time to explain EVERYTHING to you. I had my first son Justin with her and let me tell you I can't wait to have my next one with her. She was in Teaneck and is now moving to Medowland Hospital in Secaucus and I am gonig to go there from now on.. truly a great DR.  	 2/3/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	Dr. Langer is amazing! After 2 years of bad experiences with gynos, I was so ecstatic to have finally found her. She was very nice, knowledgeable, information--best bedside manner I've seen in years. I was really pleased with her and even though this was only my first appointment, I definitely would recommend her to others.  	 7/29/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
22	1	Dr. Lampert is an amazing doctor. Not only is he extremely knowledgable but he CARES about his patients. He never is in a rush with you like most doctors are. He sits and talks with you and listens. You can tell he is dedicated to his patients. I had cancer (hodgkins lymphoma) and he helped me through every single step of the way. Not only is he great, but the entire staff is amazing as well (the office is at 75 Veronica ave). They are so kind and caring and made a horrible thing like coming in for chemo so much better. There truly couldn't be a more lovely staff and wonderful doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
23	1	I have seen all of the Dr.'s on staff in the office (Greenberg, Windsor and LaNatra), and they are all exceptional Doctors.  The entire staff in the office are kind, caring, friendly, personable, etc., etc.  Dr. LaNatra was the first Dr. I had seen to recommend an MRI of my brain when I complained about headaches (previous Dr.'s attributed them to the chemo treatments), and it was discovered that I had aquired a tumor met. in my brain.  She saved me from a great deal more suffering that I could have experienced, had the MRI not been performed.  She and the other doctors on staff, I hold in the highest regard, and would recommend to anyone considering them.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
24	1	. Wonderful doctor, cares more about your illness, cares for the whole person! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	1	. very thorough and takes time to explain illness and medication; very patient and spends time with all his patients and will refer difficult or questionable ailments instead of just giving you medication for pain 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	Dr. Lager has it all. It's hard to find doctors out there who truly care about their patients. Not only is Dr. Lager compassionate but he's also funny and personable. Most importantly, he knows his stuff. He is a very knowledgeable orthopedist who you can trust to give you the best possible treatment.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	Dr. Lager Rocks! He is very informative, witty and made me feel very comfortable. His staff was so nice and helpful as well. I would highly Recommend him to anyone. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	He was very familiar with new techniques and treatments. Filled out alot of paperwork for my disability. Perfomed surgury. Guided me through rehab. Def recommend him to my family and friends.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:GHI
25	0	Doctor failed to return calls after 3 calls over a two day period to complain of pain. I was handled very roughly, and it may have exacerbated my injury. 	4	4	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	Good doctor, spends time with you. He has a very good personality, and is funny. Knows what he is doing.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
26	1	I love the empoyees here and I love and trust the doctor.. He is always going to be our family in need dr  Thanks Dr lalla 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	I had a very good experience with Dr. Lalla. He was extremely professional and courteous and I had very good results. Would highly recommend.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	-1	i had a procedure done with this doctor, but i don''t think he knew what he was doing. he made things worse. i went to another doctor who said he didn''t understand why he chose to do what he did. so far, nobody has been able to correct what he did. 	4	4	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
27	-1	I chose this practice because of a radio advertisement claiming orthodontic treatment in only 6 months. In the end, I regret choosing this place as I felt results were achieved through shortcuts versus any advanced treatment method as the advertising material would try to convince you. Although I had pointed out issues and concerns throughout, the doctor was very defensive about his work and seemed to avoid wanting to make any changes that would extend the timeline set for treatment.     I would highly suggest that  if your teeth need anything more than simple movement, that you consider getting proper full-quality treatment from somewhere else. Don't sacrifice quality work for a half done job at half the time (for the same or higher price I might add). Trust me, once you get over the fear of wearing braces, 6 months or 1+ year won't make a difference. Having to pay $x,xxx a second time (elsewhere) is more scary and what I'm having to do. 	3	5	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	After reading these reviews, I am becoming extremely nervous. I currently have the braces behind the teeth on. I paid a very large amoung of money but so far I believe it was worth it! I am extremely happy with my smile. Although I only met Dr. Lag once, I absolutely love Dr. Schulloff. He is amazing and very helpful. He answers any questions and fixes anything you are npt happy with.  Yes, he does come in for a few seconds but the staff knows.what they are doing (most of them). I had issues with two people working on my teeth but they immediately changed the person and now I stick  to one person and she is amazing. She is fun and knows what she is doing. The staff is very friendly and respectful. So far, I am in love with my teeth nd I know they will keep getting better. Also, it takes longer than.six months. However, it depend on yoyr teeth and how fast they shift. My teeth were HORRIBLE but they shifted in.good timing (about 2 yrs). It goes bu really quick and noone knows you are wearing them. I recommend them. Theyre awesome! 	5	4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
27	-1	This is a horrible practice they are all rude. They pretend to be nice to get your business, but they are nothing but shady salesman who have a hard time returning your money. After I told them I no longer think I will be able to begin the process they refused to give me back my deposit saying it was non-refundable and then took more money out of my account the next month after my visit claiming that it was a &quot; computer glitch&quot; even after I very sternly explained to them that I wanted nothing more to do with them. These people do not care about the patient they care about the MONEY!! 	1	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
27	-1	To be real honest, I have nothing to complain about the friendly staff or the environment. But what I am complaining about was how I was fooled by the sales pitch given by Dr Lagstein thinking that my teeth were going to come out perfect in about 6 months. NOT. This so called new technology was really just a waste of money. I am not satisfied with my teeth at all!!! PLEASE DON'T FALL FOR THE 6 MONTHS BRACES PITCH! Get the traditional braces! 	5	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
27	-1	I had braces from Dr. Lagstein 4 yrs ago. The appts. were all going well &amp; I was pleased with the staff &amp; the progress they were making on my teeth. 1 yr after the braces were put on, Dr. Lagstein said they were ready to come off thanks to the high speed braces he advertises everywhere. I noticed that my teeth were not completely straight and I was unsure as to wether they should come off or not but I agreed to let them be removed thinking that they were the experts and knew best. Several months later I called to let them know that my teeth were shifting and I had lost my retainer and needed a new one asap. The money they were trying to charge for the retainer was ridiculous especially considering I had taken out loans to pay for the braces. I told them I could not afford it.  Nothing was done. My teeth have now shifted completely and look like I never spent $5,000 on them. Adult teeth are very different from child/teen teeth. Shame on Dr. Lagstein for taking the braces off after 1 yr! 	 10/25/11	4	5	1	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	I had a great experience and I highly recommend.  Dr. Schulhoff was my doctor and he was outstanding.  Highly competent and explained each step of the process.  You should request the treatment team of Cynthia and Shannon.  Both are fun to work with and they know what they are doing.  When they did adjustments they were right the first time.  The office was flexible and accommodating. 	 9/20/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	I could not be happier with my experience with Dr. Lagstein and his whole staff. I saw the other comments here and can only say that my experience was exceptionally good. I came to Dr Lagstein for my extremely out-of-place teeth after meeting with two other orthodontists. He was the only one who didn't want to pull teeth or charge me $$$. He delivered on what he promised: straight teeth in 9 months (as mine was a very extreme case) without taking teeth. He did &quot;sand down&quot; between a few teeth, a procedure that I had been terrified of which turned out to about 45 seconds and totally painless. His team always explained what was about to happen and their plan for me was executed flawlessly. It's been 19 months since my braces came off and my teeth are still amazing.  I can eat better now, I don't have headaches and jaw aches like I did and I smile a whole lot more now! 	 9/8/11	5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
27	-1	I feel so silly for not having done my research. But how often do you hear about an orthodontist screwing people&#63; I'm finding out now...I am having the same issues I read about here (never saw Lagstein again after his marketing pitch; the other doctor spends just seconds with me, doesn't seem to like being asked questions and leaves me with assistants who sometimes don't know what they are doing; my front teeth are visibly crooked; and no way to have a normal/polite/sensible discussion with doctor or staff about work being done on my teeth). No way out for me since i paid in full...unless something goes horribly wrong. I'll keep reporting on progress. But at this point, no doubts in my mind...TWO THUMBS DOWN! WORST DENTIST EXPERIENCE EVER! 	 8/20/11	1	3	1	Insurance:Unknown
27	-1	I went in for the Incognito Braces. I had relatively good teeth to start with. Throughout the duration of my treatment, I noticed things getting worse in areas I didn't had problems before. Six months into my treatment, I had to make the decision to switch to another orthodontist because my teeth were looking worse than before I even started treatment. I have very detailed pics for comparison. My advice to potential consumers is to make sure that the person that is pitching you the treatment option is actually the one that will be administering the treatment. DO YOUR RESEARCH! Dr. Lagstein is NOT an Orthodontist and I don't have high opinion of the one he has in office. He's simply a sales person! I'm regretful that I engaged in treatment with this practice. The truth of the matter is that if Dr. Lagstein really did care about the integrity of his work, as he proclaim he does, he would not have allowed me to leave the office in the state that I was in. HIGHLY UNRECOMMENDED! 	 7/11/11	2	2	1	Insurance:Unknown
27	-1	Paid $5000 out of pocket, good payment plan approx $400 per month.  Nice Staff, Dr Lagstein good talker, excellent salesman, has a book &amp; blog.  After the first visit I was assigned to a young doctor who looked at me for SECONDS each visit then left the assistant to do the adjustments, must of had more pressing important business, probably marketing. Smile widened after six months, noticed the front wasn't straight, so young doctor reacted and made a twist in wire.  At 8 months requested Dr Lagstien take a look as front was still crooked.  He disagreed.  Had braces taken off.  Front is noticeably cooked.  My dentist agrees.  Will have to go somewhere else and pay at least another $3000. There were still about 1200 left to pay.  Took money from savings, paid them in full.  The next month they still took the 400 out! Was upset, took them time to put the money back in. Mum visited didn't notice a difference. Sad &amp; embarrassed, should of went somewhere else. Can't afford to pay more $$$. 	 5/7/11	4	4	1	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	heard about new,behind teeth brace tech on radio-1 yr later im SMILING! met w dr lagstein,discussed opts for me. did i hear the perfect sale,NO,heard the truth,w/out pressure. was i told there'd be bumps in the road w/ this new tech.,absolutely!  But,whenever i had a question,or bump to deal w/,it was dealt w/ in the best way i could hope. whether i needed to speak w dr lag,or call for support or have a question...done...asap! Im just sorry they straightened my smile so quickly,cause my wonderful experince w/ this great practice and staff is coming to an end. 	 4/20/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	This is Dr Lagstein and I am responding to some negative reviews. After 37 years in practice, with thousands of happy patients, it saddens me to see that a few patients are hurtful enough to write multiple negative reviews. I have always told any patient who is not 100% satisfied with my work, that I will make it right. I take pride in my integrity. I make this offer to the anonymous reviews- come in and we’ll talk. I want to make you happy. And to anyone who is wary of coming in because of these reviews…come in and meet me. Let me prove to you that I will always do the right thing.  Dr. Lagstein 	 2/28/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	Friendly staff, good results. I would recommend his office.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
27	-1	My family paid thousands to Dr. Lagstein and I am left with crooked teeth! I followed his directions perfectly, and when I felt my teeth move, came in for an extra appointment. He said my teeth were not moving, and he should know, he's a dentist. I said I should know, they're my teeth, but at his insistence, I no longer wore my retainer. I came back three months later and he suggested I needed braces again, because my teeth had moved! I got out of there as soon as possible and changed dentists! He also &quot;discovered&quot; six cavities in my friend's teeth, and when she went for a second opinion at another dentist, she was assured she had none. Dr. Lagstein rips people off and should not be trusted! 	4	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
27	-1	 	 2/16/10	5	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Lang for many years.  She is a very caring and knowledgeable individual. Any phone calls to her are always returned promptly. I would highly recommend her. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	Both my sons had impacted wisdom teeth removed by Dr. Landsman in the hospital. What a great Surgeon. Very thorough, sanitary, and knows his stuff....I'd recommend him to anyone...he's great. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	She is an excellent docto. She is very carign and make sure the family understands all the treatment options and spends a lot of time to make sure teh right care is provided.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:AHC
30	1	she is the best...great doctor,,,,she knows what she is talking about 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	She is excellent. For someone relatively young, she has an impressive breadth of knowledge. She spends a lot of time with her patients, both in person and on the phone. Very sympathetic and sweet. I would recommend her to anyone. 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	First negative is theres a 1/2 wait to get in once ur in room.  But it is worth it. Dr Lage is very caring and a competant DR.  I feel very assured to be in her care.  	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
32	1	Love this Dentist...staff friendly, office clean and updated with newest equipment...  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	1	Been seing DR Lake for over 10 years and he is a good guy and does the job well. Everybody in the office is friendly and seems to genuinely care about your life and well being. His prices may be a little high if you dont have insurance but what dentist isnt.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
32	1	Dr. Lake and his staff are the best!  Always friendly and personable, and very helpful about explaining procedures and dealing with payment questions and concerns.  Best dentist I've ever been to! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	Excellent Dentist!!! Very Knowledgeable and friendly.  Makes patients feel comfortable.  He has been treating our family for years. Wouldn't go anywhere else. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	Dr. Lake is very intelligent, friendly, and really works well with his staff to provide a comfortable atmosphere for his patients. He is wonderful and very accomodating!! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	I have been apetient of Dr. Lahiris for 6 years. She is very involved with her patient care. If you need for her to return a call she ALWAYS does. She has literally saved my life and I would reccommend her to everone. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	Dr. Amy Lambert is sweet and professional. I would highly recommend her services.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	1	This was my first time bringing my child to a pedi/opt. Dr. Lambert was FABULOUS!!!! She was so patient with my &quot;strong willed&quot; 3 yr.old. she explained everything to me and was just great! I would, and have recommend her to anyone looking for a pediatric opthalmologist.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	1	excellent doctor, very compassionate and thorough, friendly wonderful staff would highly recommend 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	Dr. Laemmle is the best doctor I have seen.  She spends time with me explaning diagnoses and answering my questions.  I am also an out-of-state student and she took care of my prescription and squeezed me in for a visit.  She gives personal, attentive health care.   Absolutely the best! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
35	1	Dr. Laemmle is one of the best Dr.'s my family has ever used. She is caring, she has a great bed side manner, honest. We have been using her for about 10yrs and would recommend highly.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
35	1	She is very helpul and polite and even her nurse is very nice and caring.She will alaways call back.very ood doctor.i am with her from the last 7 years 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
36	0	Very nice person and great doula but concerns about if she should actually be a midwife ...seems too unconcerned about things.....would only use a CNM for my homebirth.....education seems much better. 	3	3	3	2 	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	Everyone in the office is helpful and knowledgeable. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	Dr Tony is a good, kind and knowedgeable doctor and a really good surgeon,had gout surgery and I look and feel better even though I am still healing... 5 stars and I reccomend!! 	 6/1/12	5	5	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	1	I was very pleased with Dr. LaBarbiera and have had a good result. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
38	-1	Doctor makes nasty, condescending remarks.  On top of it, my foot is not feeling any better.  Not happy with the treatment and his bad attitude.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Oxford
38	-1	Not satisfied with surgery results. 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	Last Sunday I had terrible hand pain.  I called him ON HIS CELL PHONE and he answered immediately.  He met me at his office, examined me and took an xray right in his office. He found I had a hairline fracture in my hand, splinted my hand and got me an appointment with the orthopedic hand doctor for the next day!  I've never had an experience like this in my life.  When he gave me his cell phone number last year, I never thought of using it, and certainly never thought he would answer on a sunday morning.  The Old School Docs aren't gone.   He's in Madison! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	1	Dr. L makes me feel like I am his only patient.  His compassion and bedside manner are unmatched.  His goal is to make me as healthy as possible, helping me minimize my meds through diet and exercise.  He is genuine and is every bit the old world town doc we dream still existed.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
39	1	Not enough words to describe how unique of a doctor Dr. Lajewski is. His kindness, thoroughness and patience makes each visit less stressful. He genuinely provides what patient/doctor care should be.    Have and will continue to recommend him!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	1	Finally a doctor who actually cares about health!  He actually spent the time to develop a sensible workout routine and diet regimen.  Though his patience and inspiration, I have lost weight and more importantly feel better.  I am off my blood pressure meds and have lowered my dose of cholesterol medicine.   Please find this doctor!  He helped me develop a life plan where I finally feel empowered in my own health care! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	-1	He must be paid by the pharma industry because he does believe in drugs a lot - prescribing for things that change in habits, diet or time can take care. Defeinitely prescrbibes lot more meds than any doc I've been to before. 	2	3	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	I travel from NYC, the island of a million doctors to see him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
39	1	Dr. Lajewski is by far the best doctor I have ever been to. He is patient, kind, and extremely thorough. He constantly goes out of his way to make sure his patients get the best treatment possible. Office visits are never rushed and somehow you always leave feeling better.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	1	Word cannot the describe the time, quality and comfort Dr. L gives his patients.  What doctor is open on a Saturday and in the fall will have Sunday hours also... AMAZING 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	1	Dr.Lajewski is an amazing doctor, who cares about his patients, and his genuine concern and professionalism resonates down to his staff. From the minute I walked into his new practice I saw nothing but smiles, and personality.  The staff was helpful and the office manager thouroughly explained my benefits and suggested more viable options for me and my family.  He spent more than a half an hour with me, and I didn't wait at all.   Im so happy that I found him at his new practice 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	1	Dr. L is a kind, considerate, and overall good person. He is an extremely caring, talented doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
39	1	our whole family has moved to Dr. Wayne. He is the best doctor we have met in ages. He is professional and most of all accessable whenever you need him. He returns calls and gets to the bottom of the problem. I had been to a dr with a serious wound and he said it would heal on its own. I went to Dr. Wayne and he said I had celllulitus sp. and needed an antibiotic immediatly. saved me from a hospital stay. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	I drive far and wide to see competent, knowledgable doctors and when Dr. Lajewski opened his practice in the town in which we live, I could not have been happier. Dr Lajewski is a true professional. His new practice has grown rapidly and rightly so. I know when I walk out of the office that I have gotten a true and correct diagnosis and have seen a doctor who really listened which is rare in todays medical profession. I recommend Dr Lajewski to everyone I know.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	1	I found Dr. Lajewski's new practice by calling him on his cell phone, which is great to have a physician who cares enough about his patients to give them his mobile number. I also thought the way he left his old practice was very professional and showed great character. He has been my personal physician for 5 years now and I recommend him to everyone looking for a good internist. His new practice is superior to his old one and much more patient oriented. I have moved to New York from New Jersey and still come back to him as my primary physician. He is worth the trip.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	1	I found Dr.Lajewski. His new office is at 210 Main Street in Madison, New Jersey. phone (973)377-6700. He apologized for not notifying patients before he left, but he thought it would be a conflict of interest with his old employer. He left for the very reason that is mentioned below: he was sick of seeing more and more patients and spending no time with them&#63; Do you think he wanted to do that&#63;&#63; Anyone who knows him would know that the answer is a resounding &quot;NO&quot;. I visited him at his new office where he is much happier. I didn't have to wait at all and he spend nearly half an hour with me...try to find that anywhere else today. He refused to say anything bad about the people he worked for, only that this was a personal decision to practice medicine the way he thought it should be practiced.  I found him 5 years ago and I would not trust anyone else 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	1	if anyone has anyway to contact him at his new practice, that would be great. I did get a postcard in the mail, but lost it and need to schedule an appt with him ASAP.  		3	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
39	-1	When does a Doctor leave a practice without telling his patients&#63; In the beginning, when he first joined the practice, he was the best. After experiencing long waiting times, no return phone calls from the Dr. I decided to leave. It's a real shame. He first gave the impression of a compassionate caregiver, but that seemed to fade as his patients did. Why did he not treat all his patients the same&#63; He’s just another wasted talent. Once he fell into the habits of his colleagues, he just became one of them. I'm still waiting for his 'post card' advising of his new practice or group he joined. I don’t expect it. I just found out today May 3, 2007 when calling his office to refill a prescription that I need on a ‘daily basis’ that he was gone, and that I need to see or speak to Dr. Quaglia&#63; The reason Maybe he should limit his future practice to a VIP practice like Dr. Petotia (sp), his bedside manner was horrible too. That leaves Dr. Quaglia, as personable as a pair of pliers 		2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
39	0	I thought it was very unprofessional for Dr. Lajewski to leave with out notifying his patients of where he was going. I was just in to see him a week prior to his leaving the practice and he did not have the decency to tell me he was leaving. You do not leave your patient's hanging like that. I'm staying with Dr. Quaglia who is really there for his patients.  		3	3	2 	Insurance:Aetna
39	1	Dr. Lajewski is an amazing doctor, and is truly a doctor, therapist and friend rolled up into one, as a previous post stated. He is the best doctor I have ever been to and he treats his patients very well, in a very caring manner. He takes the time to listen and always makes time even if he is in a hurry.  Excellent doctor!!! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
39	1	Dr. Lejewski is a wonderful doctor. He takes the time to listen and understand your problems, and he is very proactive about addressing your medical issues.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
39	1	The best bedside manner. Really cares about his patients. He's like a therapist, a friend and a doctor rolled into one. And he's a hero, having served in the reserves (stationed in Iraq taking care of our injured soldiers).  You can't ask more from a doctor! 	 2/17/07		5	5	Insurance:Oxford
39	1	Dr Lejewski is actually the best doctor that I know - trust me I have been to plenty. Not only is he extremely knowledgeable, but he is also very caring, I never get the feeling that I am rushed. My daughter recently started seeing him, and she also raves about him. If he is unsure about something, you bet he will let you know and refer you to someone else and he will follow up on you. I can't ask for anything better. I drive many miles to see him now.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
39	1	Dr. Lajewski is by far the finest internist that I have seen over the past 25 years. He is thoughtful, patient, kind, and extremely knowledgeable. Most importantly, he takes the time to get to know you and to discuss your conditions and the aspects of your life that impact them. This is a rare quality in doctors these days. I highly recommend him.  	 11/6/06		5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	-1	Dr. Lajewski is a nice man, but he's utterly clueless and his practice is a mess. I've always waited at least an hour before being brought into an exam room. This year's annual physical was conducted by his nurse - who asked me about 100 questions, checked my breathing, etc. The doc showed up afterwards, asked me how I was doing, and left, never to be seen again. Later, on a return visit for a cold that wouldn't go away, I was weighed but never had my temperature taken. Based on a cursory glance, he prescribed me a high-dosage antibiotic usually given for anthrax and other drug-resistant bugs. Stay away! 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	Dr. Lampone is the best doctor I have ever seen. I have been seeing her with my 5 kids for ten years. I wouldn't even think about seeing anyone else! If anyone needs a great pediatrician, I highly recommend her. She has the best bedside manner and my kids absolutely love her! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
40	-1	My children have seen Dr. Lampone several times.  Her medical advise has ranged from OK to &#63;&#63;&#63;  Last night she questioned why I bothered to bring in my teenage son.  I think the fact that he had been sick for 6 days, missed 3 day of school, and asked to go to the dr were reasons enough to warrant medical attention.  We will only see one of the other drs from now on.  	4	3	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	1	Dr. Lampone is the best doctor for my kids.  She is very sweet, knowledgable, and just an all around caring doctor.  She helped my son by getting him right to a hospital because he was so sick.  He had a staph infection from a surgery and was hospitalized for 14 days.  He was 2 at the time.  Her quick thinking saved him.   Thank you! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
40	1	I LOOOOOOOOOOOOOVE Dr. Lampone!  So do my kids.  The first time she treated my first born, she walked into the room and somehow I felt like I had known her for years.  You can't find that characteristic among many people.  She's an extremely knowledgeable physician and yet, if she's not comfortable providing an answer for something more in depth, she is more than willing to refer a specialist that would know more.  I moved 30 minutes away from the Washington Twp office and yet I will drive my kids up there forever.  Dr. Lampone is worth it.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
40	1	My daughter has been seeing Dr. Lampone since she was 2 years old (she is now 9).  From day one, Dr. Lampone has treated her and I like old friends.  She was amazing when my daughter had her first asthma attack.  She saw us immediately, treated my daughter and calmed me down, then explained everything we needed to know to control the asthma.  She also remembers little things, like the name of my daughter's favorite doll and what sports she participates in, which just makes her feel that much more comfortable.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	1	Dr. Lampone is the best of the best.  My kids absolutely adore her and I trust her with their well being completely.  She keeps to the facts and has the sweetest, gentlest way with children.  We are so lucky to have her as our pediatrician... doesn't get better than her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
40	1	Very knowledgeable, helpful and kind. Takes the time to listen.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	1	I can not say enough. She has been an angel for both of my children and their illnesses. No matter how minor or severe.  My children love her as much as I do! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
41	-1	I wish I could get my $40 co payment back.  This doctor was not helpful and he was mean.  He told me he couldn't help me.  I was in pain and crying when I left.  He didn't seem to care.  A trip to another podiatrist was required .. another $40 co payment and I was finally able to get help.  Don't waste your time with this man.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
42	1	been going to him 20 years, the best,great at info and always spot on 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
42	-1	This is an office staff where people do not communicate.  There is a lot of confusion.  My husband visited doctor Laneve's office last week in an extremely poor condition.  He had experienced a type of seizure during the night.  Blood was taken at the office but a urine sample was not.  The nurse practitioner who did the testing said he'd call back the next day.  No one called and my husband continued to worsen.  His temperature reached close to 103.  He is 68 and has a very bad heart.  My daghtee finally reached the answering service and told the woman that it was an important that the doctor call with the results asap.  When Dr. L finally called me, I was told to get my husband to the doctor immediately because he had many critical markers on his blood test.  He was in the hospital 5 days receiving oxygen, 2 pints of blood; he was totally dehydrated suffering from a UTI.  We are trying to make a follow up visit since we just got home and are being told he's too filled up to see  us.  	1	3	1	3 	Insurance:Medicare
42	1	I've been seeing Dr. Laneve for years, in addition to the rest of my family. He is an honest, caring, and empathetic doctor who spends a lot of time with you during your visit...he is never rushed, explains things, personable....they don't make doctors as good as they do Dr.  Laneve! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
42	1	Excellent physician, knowledeable, caring, thorough, excellent bedside manner, explains things fully. Best doctor in NJ in my opinion.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
42	1	IMO the best Internist in NJ, highly knowledgeable, caring, excellent diagnostician.  Has treated my family with excellent medical care for several generations 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
42	1	He is wonderful, spends quality time and is very thorough.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
42	1	Dr. LaNeve is very patient and takes the time to explain matters and refer to approriate specialist if it outside his area of expertise.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
42	1	Attentive, unrushed, knowledgable, takes a personal interest. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	Dr Lagana is a wonderful doctor. He is very knowlegable and really cares about his patients health and concerns. He strives to maximize the benefits of my treatment in a reasonable time period. He also takes the time to really get to know his patients and makes them feel like part of the Backsmart family. His staff is very friendly and helpful in everyway possible. I highly recommend Dr.  Lagana to anyone who wants get their health back in line:-) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	1	. caring, professional staff who really helped me feel better! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	1	 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
43	-1	He is more of a businessman than a chiropractor. Only thing he is concerned about making money not your health. 		4	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	Excellent bedside manner.  Dr. Lander answered all of my questions and helped alleviate my fears about a serious heart condition.  Would recommend him to anybody. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	Dr Lahita is top notch. Very experienced and knowledgable Rheumatologist. He's your man if you have any autoimmune disease.Highly recommend him. Only downside.Hard to get appointments with.World famous Rheumy right in New Jersey. Perfect for Behcet's disease.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
47	1	Dr. Lanza is the most amazing doctor ever, he has corrected and discovered things that other specialists haven't been able to.  I trust this man with my life... literally!  I have not met another doctor like him, many doctors should learn from him! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
47	1	Great attitude.  Always determined, understanding, and patient while dertermining his diagnois. He is what a doctor meant to his patients as they say in the old days. Remember how care used to be. Very personalized! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
47	1	Dr. Lanza has one of the more knowledgable and professional &quot;bed-side&quot; manners of any physician I've known and, perhaps unfortunately,I've literally known hundreds.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	-1	He COMPLETELY MISDIAGNOSED my Dad.  After a long case of what was thought to be bronchitis sent my Dad for a CT scan - where a questionable spot showed up on his lung, Langenfeld said it was nothing to worry about.  Even when my Dad got a large lump on his shoulder (CLEARLY metastesised lung cancer), he was referred to a physical therapist ! ! ! ! !  By the time Langenfeld diagnosed it as cancer, it was Stage IV and my Dad died a horrible death.  We planned to sue him but, since my father was 65, attorneys told us it would cost a fortune and, given his age, even a winning settlement might not cover the legal/emotional costs; frankly, we don't have that kind of money.  I hope by writing my story, I can save someone the heartache my family has dealt with by encouraging folks to do research.  We found out after the fact, when we filed complaints against Langenfeld, we weren't the only people who had problems with him.  PLEASE - DO YOUR RESEARCH ! 	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	Dr. John Langenfeld is a man a few words, which drives me nut.  However he saved my life. 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	Dr. John Langenfeld is a male--you have him marked as a female.  He is an excellent doctor due to his knowledge and ability to communicate.  I would highly recommend him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	Dr. Langenfeld is a skilled professional surgeon.  He is willing to take time to tell you what to expect.  His personality needs some help but I would definitely recommend him as a good surgeon.  Dosen't make eye contact.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
49	1	Dr. Lagaduva is an excellent doctor. All of the doctor's affliated with this practice are really good. The staff is very personable. The office is conveniently located right across the street from Morristown Memorial Hospital which is an absolutely wonderful hospital.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
50	1	Dr. Landers is one of the best doctors I've ever had the priviledge of seeing. His staff has always been cheerful, polite and professional. At each visit Dr. Landers has discussed completely my health status and things I could do to improve my lab results. Best doctor ever! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	I was referred to Dr. Landers by my boss. We work in the medical billing industry and our clients are doctors and hospitals.  I found Dr. Landers to be very thorough and patient. Sometimes you have to wait a while to see him, but it is because he takes his time with everyone and doesn't make you feel rushed. I would recommend Dr. Landers to everyone. When dealing with the heart you need to make sure that your concerns are heard.  Dr. Landers made me feel that I was.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	1	Best Doctor I've ever been to.   Not only did he save my life, but he helped me understand the problem and effectively led to correct my lifestyle 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	0	I went to him because his Dad (my wife's OB/GYN)was the best, ever, bar none. He knows his stuff, but just doesn't care. And his office staff is not only rude, but close to evil. Sad. 		5	1	5 	Insurance:Unknown
50	-1	Dr Landers and his staff provide average to below average care, (Example: Insurance refused to fill an Altace prescription, Dr Landers would not to call insurance company --- My wife called Insurance for the forms required for an Altace approval-- And then made Landers fill out the form (The Dr's staff normally complete these tasks. If you are concerned about your heart health you should find a doctor that provides &quot;World Class Care&quot; not just average care. Dr Landers office appears to provide only service that don't required additional effort.  		1	1	2 	Insurance:Aetna
50	-1	I felt that Doctor Lander's and His staff had little to no concern about my declining health. It seemed that most paperwork was late or missing, I don't think they even requested my prior Dr records for many monthes. In my opinion - Dr Lander's is a poor performer 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
51	1	Excellent Doctor. Responded quickly to eye emergency. Was kind.. helpful......and very professional.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
51	1	He was absolutely fabulous!!!  He explained everything clearly and was very patient w/ any/all questions I had.  The office staff was courteous and quick to help in any way.  The scheduling process was simple and they were very accommodating.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
51	1	Excellent Doctor!!  I can't stress this enough.  If you need a specialist in diabetic retinopathy, go no further.  Dr. Lalin is the doctor for you.  He is affliated with the New York Eye and Ear Infirmary where he teaches residents and fellow doctors on diseases, treatment and surgery of the retina.  He is kind and caring and he certainly puts you at ease immediately.  His staff is also very friendly and professional.   Highly recommended!!! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
52	1	Great dentist, knowlegable and friendly.  My teeth are great now! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	Dr. LaBruna is a great orthodontist,  He explained everything so I could understand.  My teeth were horrible, now I have a great smile.  The staff in the office were also very nicl. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	He helped correct my overbite.  I love the results.  Treatment along quickly and painlessly. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	Great Job straightening my teeth.  I look so much better, and have better hygiene as a result! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	I've been a patient of Dr. Lambert's for close to 20 years. In the beginning, I did experience long waits. I spoke with Dr. Lambert and her staff. Now I am told, Call 45 mins, an hour before your appointment and if we're running behind, we'll tell you to come later. Very fair deal. But I would wait for Dr. Lambert. She is a whole-body doctor, even though she's a specialist. She listens, she cares, she researches, she gets back to you. She's helped me with diet, exercise,various non-gyno physical problems. I think she is the aces, the most caring and knowledgeable doctor I've ever been to.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
53	1	After 6 children and a various issues before and after - Dr. Lambert, staff, and office staff are the best.  It is not and should never be about the wait...there have been times I was that emergency and times I had to wait due to someone else's emergency - everyone in that office does their best in prioritizing and PATIENTS always come first - have patience, it's your body, your life.  	 1/13/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
53	1	Dr. Lambert-Woolley saved my life. I was seeing a doctor for 7 years who told me my pain was normal. I was having contractions with my period throughout this time frame. When I could no longer work my co-worker gave up her post surgical consultation so I could be seen in a timely manner. I was as close as a person could be to having cancer. Dr Lambert performed all the tests needed ( I hadn't had one single test in 7 years)and then performed the surgery. I am here writing this because of her. Think about me when you feel the temptation to complain about the office visit wait time. I would pitch a tent if I had to.  	 10/6/10	5	4	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
53	1	Dr Woolley is extremely helpful and very pleasant personality. Every time I meet her for my prenatal exam, I feel like she is an angel.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
53	1	Dr. Lambert-Woolley delivered all three of my children and I cannot say enough good things about her.  She is calming and helpful and really listens.   She rarely runs on time, however, and you do have to wait, but she is worth the wait! 	3	1	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
53	1	Dr. Lambert just delivered my baby a month ago. She was amazing in delivery and we had such a wonderful experience. She is super knowledgeable and compassionate.  HIGHLY RECCOMMEND HER!!!!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
53	1	Even though you wait FOREVER to see her, it is worth it if you have the time to wait.  She did not rush me at all; she may not have the best bedside manner, but took her time & answered all my questions.  My only complaint about the medical group itself is, that there was another doctor that was part of this group & when i was pregnant they keep rotating you to see all the doctors.  I unfortunately only saw her once, but i will say that she was wonderful, funny & took her time.  Miss her.  	4	1	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
53	1	I was very happy with my visit.  I sought a second opinion for surgery and was pleased with my overall experience.  The staff was pleasant and attentive. Dr. Lambert listened and reviewed all my information in detail.  She gave me a thorough examination as well.  I felt secure in the opinion and will be transferring my care to her.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
53	1	Call the office before you go to a appointmet with Dr. Lambert. She will answer every question you ask and this may delay your and other appointments. But she is very knowledgeable and make you feel that she really cares.  	3	2	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
53	1	she continues to be committed to older patients like myself. Office staff pleasant. Doctor very knowledgable. Would recommend highly.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
53	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Lambert-Woolley for five years. She is nothing but knowledable and kind to my needs and spending the required amount of time with me. I have two daughters and when the become of age the will deffently be patients of Dr.  Lamberet-Woolley!!!!!!!! 	 10/6/08	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
53	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Lambert-Woolley for over 15 years.  Although the wait can be long, she is very patient and attentive when she is with her patients.  I have not had the opportunity to see any of the other doctors in the practice.  	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
53	1	If you want a doctor whose priority is sticking to a schedule, this is not your practice.  If you want a doctor who will take the time to listen and do a comprehensive evaluation this is your doctor.  While she often runs late it when I am in the exam room I feel like I am her only patient.  She devotes her full time and attention to my issues and I never feel rushed.  I have some complicated gyn problems and it is important to me that my doctor takes time with each evaluation.  Staff also very attentive.  They will call you if she is running behind.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:AARP
53	1	I cannot disagree more emphatically with these negative postings.  I have been a patient in this practice for over 15 years.  While the wait is long, unfailingly, when inside the exam room, I feel as though I am Dr. Lambert's only patient.  She devotes her undivided care and attention to each patient.  If you want a quick exam , go elsewhere.  If you want thorough, knowledgeable and compassionate care, this is your practice.  Her office staff goes out of their way to inform you of how the day is running.  Her nurse Kathy is always available by phone to answer even the most &quot;trivial&quot; questions with care.  I recommend this practice without reservation.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
53	1	Although the waiting thing is just plain awful (door to door from home was 4 hours!!!)for a yearly visit, I have always found Dr. Lambert Wooley and excellent doctor.  I am not nor have been pregnant under her care, however several years ago when I complained of discomfort and very odd symptoms, she took her time with me and was diligent about diagnosing the problem and treating it.  It required surgery and I felt complete confidence in the care I received. I have never felt rushed at all once she finally makes it into the examining room.  I have been seeing her for at least 15 years and will continue to do so.  I don't know about the other doctors because I am happy with Dr. Lambert Wooley and won't trust my care to anyone else.  	1	1	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
53	-1	If you are pregnant, I recommend finding a different practice. I am now 7 months pregnant and every month without fail my I have gotten a call from the office staff one or two days in advance to cancel my appointment - sometimes two or three times in  the same month. Dr. Lambert is always one to two hours late and Dr. Salzberg, although on time, sees you for a total of about two minutes and rushes you out the door with very little opportunity for questions. I've never seen Dr. Generelli because my appointments with her have always been cancelled. It's stressful enough being pregnant and having to work without having to deal with an OB practice that has no respect for their patients' schedules. I can only hope that one of them shows up for the delivery.  	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:CIGNA
53	-1	This is the worst office hands down. I would rather go down the the monmouth county SPCA for treatment, than go to this practice. These doctors are the most uncaring group of women I have ever met in my life. They are rude, unsympathetic, and uncaring. The office staff is the pits. If you want to make an apt. plan on being on hold for 15 MINUTES! I switched doctors and I'm so glad I did.  Do yourself a favor and run the other way! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Oxford
53	1	Dr. Lambert did not rush the appointment.  She made sure that I asked all my questions and she answered them fully.  She took her time and was kind.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
53	-1	The entire office is a mess.  I never got to see Lambert-Woolley for a 5 minute blood pressure follow up, because when I arrived, she refused to see me.  The office claimed that I never had the appointment that they called to confirm the night before. I have seen the other two doctors in her practice, in fact I followed Salzberg-Moore over from her previous practice, but since she has joined Atlantic Women's Med. Group the quality o care provided has declined. Dr. Gennerelli takes the cake, with her harsh approach to pregnancy, lack of compassion and what appears to be a pure enjoyment of confrontation.  The office refused to meet one request I made in order to manage a previous illness.  They knew very well that no meeting this request had serious consequences and, of course, they did not meet them.  Dr. G was abusive when I filed a complaint about her when making them aware I was leaving the practice and proceeded to yell at me over the phone. Avoid at all costs. They just do not care 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
53	-1	I can't agree more with the previous posts especially with the scare tactics to get tests not covered by insurance.Dr. Lambert wooley is very cold and uncaring.I would not refer anyone to her office.The office staff is rude nad unprofessional.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
53	-1	This office was a nightmare. Will be looking for a new doctor in my third trimester. Every visit was  a dissapointment! Staff  barely returns phone calls, it took them six months to correct my last name. As a patient, I feel like I have no right to discuss my care. They mostly scare, do not explain and tell you to take different tests weather you need them or not. Doctors are not flexible. Dr. Margaret-Woolley always one hour late. You cannot plan ahead with her. If your appointment is at 3 it means you will see her at 4 or 5. When inside, the Dr. spends about 5 minutes on a patient. The main concern is that this office treats pregnancy as sickness, and they try to find something wrong with you even if there is nothing wrong. The billing department is horrible and unhelpful too.  	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	1	There are several negative comments about the good doctor and after knowing him and seeing him for 8 years I think I should add my opinion to this clutter.  Dr. Lallemand is a wonderful doctor.  He has treated all my ailments from asthmatic bronchitis (which I no longer have.  Thanks Doc!), to IBS, to several herniated disks and plantar facitis.  My insurance company pays him out as a pain management doctor so if he wasn't qualified do you think an insurance company would allow him the designation of a PM Doctor&#63;  I think his training is overqualified as a PM Dr being he is a  Orthopedic Surgeon for goodness sake with degrees from Harvard, Duke and Columbia.  Sure, at times the wait is long but good things come to those that wait. ( I was there today and was in and out in 30 min)  People need to relax and understand he is a doctor, sometimes has to see an emergency over your neck pain.  I see some of these babies in the waiting room sometimes and Its a wonder the staff puts up with them 	 10/6/11	5	4	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	-1	 	 8/18/11	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	The doctor listened and considered all of my concerns.  He did not rush me and I felt he was genuinely concerned.  I believe his staff was very helpful and polite as well.  They greeted me as I entered and made sure I was comfortable.  	 6/26/11	5	4	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
54	1	Dr. Lallemand is extremely smart and the most competent doctor i've ever seen. His knowledge allows him to treat your ailments right the first time. He takes the time to listen to what you have to say and doesn't just rush you out of the office to get to the next patient. After hearing all your symptoms he comes up with the right solution the first time. I now send my whole family to see him and we all agree that he is the most competent doctor that any of us have ever see. I recommend him to anyone who wants to start being cured the right way the first time. His work ethic is commendable.  	 6/20/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
54	1	I have been going to Dr. Lallemand for years and will continue to do so. I even drive an hour each way to do so. I have had chronic pain since 2004 and have tried all sorts of doctors. What makes Dr. Lallemand different&#63; He is the only dr. That takes the time to listen to you, your complaints and has different solutions to either cure or at least main the pains and ailments I have. He doesn't rush you out the door or treat you just as another patient. he genuinely cares about each and every patient and will take as much time as needed to make you comfortable and understand different ways to handle chronic pain or whatever your ailment might be. For those reasons alone, it is worth the drive and wait to see him. There are millions of doctors out there, yet there are not too many that actually consider you as more than a statistic or profit.  	 6/17/11	5	3	5	Insurance:Medicare
54	1	I am pretty shocked after reading some of the other comments!!! Dr Lallemand is an excellent doctor, who actually cares about his patients! Yes there are times when you need to wait, but that happens in EVERY doctors office... So get over it! Me and my family are patients of Dr.Lallemand, and all of us have no issues or negative experiences with him. We are far from zombies or drug addicts (as one of the other comments described), and all have jobs.  Well anyway, I'm a satisfied patient and realize that the doctors office is not a spa- they aren't there to pamper you they are there to treat you! 	 6/17/11	5	3	5	Insurance:Aetna
54	1	Doctor Lallemands is one of the best doctors. I have ever been too. His staff is ok but David is the man. These two have to be related because they both are so wonderful. Dr. Lallemand took care of my pain to the point that I was able to do all the old things I used to do with my family. He is innovative and is always on top of his game. He blows other doctors away. God Bless you Dr. Lallemand and all that you do. You have given me a 2nd lease on life.  	 6/17/11	4	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
54	1	Dr Lallemand is an incredible doctor.  He treats me and my entire family with tender loving care. He is very up to date on the latest state of the art medical care. He is an amazing diagnostician. I would highly recommend Dr Lallemand to all my friends and family.  His entire staff is a class act. They could not be more helpful and courteous . We all truly love Dr Lallemand, he is one in a million. He will exceed your expectations. 	 6/17/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	GREAT DOCTOR! Definitely one of the best. The wait can sometimes be 45mins but he is worth it. He spends the time with you and is thorough with your treatment and flexible to meet you needs. I was bounced around from doctor to doctor with a different diagnosis for each of my symptoms. After the first appointment, Dr. Lallemand connected all my symptoms and sent me for an MRI which proved him right. He literally stopped me from becoming a chronic pain patient hopped up on pain-killers at the age of 18. At 21 I'm now in law school which I attribute to him as he also took an interest in me and recommend me for a prestigious internship and also helped me get my migraines in control. He served as in all-in-one for all my medical needs throughout the years as well as a guidance councilor and career coach. I think his degrees from Harvard and Duke plus his MBA from Columbia say just the quality of care you get for just a slighter longer wait. The title of &quot;BEST DOCTOR&quot; doesn't do him justice.  	 6/16/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	-1	Dr. L is dropping all his pain patients because he was warned by the DEA for prescribing to many pain meds and he IS NOT A PAIN MGMT DR!! was told this by another great P M dr. who also caught him in a lie when he called to ask about me. Dropped me after 3 yrs, no missed appts. every 2 weeks, every test, Pt..all because I had a medication in my test that HE prescribed me, but DIDNT WRITE IN HIS RECORDS!! after pharmacy told him that he did indeed prescribe the med, he then accused me of NOT having a med in my test that I was prescribed. this med was a PRN, take as needed and even if I took it every 4 hrs, there wasnt enough to last for 14 days! This Dr. cant do simple math!! Never told me I was dropped, has so called office mgr LISA tell me. they wouldnt let me talk to him. Have a lawsuit going on with my lawyer regarding this and according to my lawyer, so do A LOT OF OTHER PEOPLE...stay away..find a REAL pm dr. they are out there!! p.s.  LISA, YOU ARE NOT A DR!!!! 	2	1	1	2 	Insurance:Medicare
54	-1	went to this doctor for two years for neck injury wanted to get off pain meds and next visit was told somthing was in my uruine wich was somthing proscribed by doctor and staff removed me from office would not let me speak to dr said he would call cant get him on the phone .i was called in early before reg boppointment and was set up to be discharged without explanation what should i do about this idont know were i stand maybe my insurance wasnt paying enough . shit doctor dont use him i found a real one who cares not just for the money all i wanted was to speak to the person i trusted for 2 years and was made out to be a junky thanks dr lallamond karma will get you if you dont do the right thing and explain why i was discharged 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
54	1	Excellent Dr. After many years of cronic pain i was reccommand to see Dr L and he was the only Dr that took the time out to pin point my injuries, he is helpful, n always there when i need him he has even showed me how to do certain excerices to allievate my pain in lieu of pain meds. He has been a God sent and without him i could not enjoy my life with my son. I highly reccommend him to people when they ask if i know of a good Dr. 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	I was in a bad accident and after 2 years I finally found Dr. L. He is amazing. The only Dr. that took time out to find my injuries and treat them. He is kind, patient, and truly a great doctor. I have been with him three years and he has helped me get a life back. His staff besides two people I dont care for but he is amazing. I thank him everyday for the help he has given me. And no it has not been through meds, he has sent me for the proper tests and pin pointed what my injuries were. I am very blessed to have him as my doctor!Most doctors will get you in and out and not take time to talk to you. Dr. L is not like that at all! He will take all the time in the world for you. He even calls to check on my and how I am doing with the procedures I have had. He is truly the best doctor I have seen! 	1	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	took an overall comprehensive approach to my pain condition. His other physicians have also monitored and maximized my diabetes and blood pressure where others failed to control this.  Thanks doc 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
54	1	I WENT TO THE ASBURY OFFICE..NURY WAS THE BEST I LUV HER.SHE TREATED ME WITH KINDNESS. DAVID WAS VERY FUNNY AND HELPFUL. XNOW THE OFFICE MANAGER LISA A ****..HATE HER. I THINK DAVID AND NURY CAN DO WHAT SHE CAN DO. SO LETS GET THAT GIRL OUT. DR LALLEMAND A GREAT DOCTOR.. HE KNOWS HIS STUFF 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
54	1	Dr. L was difficult to get an appointment.  My referring dr advised me he is an extremely busy dr.  He has been a godsend.  I don't want to take any hard addicting meds and he was right on board with me and praised me for doing so.  Excellent dr and staff is obviously extremely busy.  Gotta give them some slack.  He's a great dr.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
54	-1	. If you are a zombie and don't have a life and can waste an entire day in his waiting room, than go for it! He wouldn't see me anymore when i never missed an appointment, always did my bloodwork on time, and took all the meds he prescribed me, yet he will prescribe anyone anything! The staff is absolutely horrible! 	1	1	2	2 	Insurance:CIGNA
54	1	Dr. Lallemand is wonderful if you want any type of medication.  His office staff sucks though. They are completely oblivious to any of your problems regarding appointments, scheduling times, or calling and asking quesitons over the phone. My first appointment, I waited over 4 hours.  Keep in mind that you do not need to see the doctor on every visit.  He has a wonderul staff of physician's assistants and another medical doctor that comes in to see patients.  The first visit and then every 6th visit or so you will need to see Dr. L.  Other than that, save your time and schdule with his treating staff.  They can write the rx's and that is basically all you will be going to see him for.  Your physical therapy is handled downstairs in the same building but by another service.  	1	1	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	1	Dr. L is my PCP. Only see him as needed. Last appt 8 mos ago. Was told I needed medical records to see him even tho he has been my only doctor! Reason to see him was allergies! What happened to him between then and now&#63; 	2	2	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	Cutting edge- and extremely smart. I was unable to conceive for three years, and spent 230K on fertility docs. In just two months He found the problem and I am 6 months pregnant.  	4	4	3	5 	Insurance:Aetna
54	1	. Awesome, knowledgable doctor!  Staff not real helpful, but after you meet with the doctor, the wait becomes bearable! 	3	1	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	-1	Horrible experience. Waited 90 minutes to be told they &quot;don't want&quot; to handle a double-insured person. Apparently the office manager is too stupid to submit two claims. They wanted cash. I walked out, in pain.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	-1	My fiance was seen by him 2 years ago &amp; was given enough oxycontin til kill a small tribe, then suboxone to treat his overusage &amp; now he is prescibing him narcotics agin!&#63;!&#63;!&#63; wtf i wanna spit in his face 	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	Great doctor.  Friendly staff, they go out of the way to help you.  Wait is a little long, but with any smart doctor, he has a lot of people to see.  Thank you Dr. L  for all your help.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
54	0	If you need a doctor to give you pain pills or steriods this is your guy, Dr Lalleland gives his patients any presciption they want no questions asked.   He should be called Dr Feel Good- why do you think people are waiting 2 and 3 hours to see him! 	1	1	3	3 	Insurance:Oxford
54	-1	NOT IMPRESSED.  WAITED 2 1/2 HOURS TO BE SEEN.  NO FOLLOW UP OR PHONE CALL FROM ANYONE AFTER MANY TESTS COMPLETED. CALLED FOR A SECOND APPT AND HAD NO FOLLOW UP AFTER MORE TESTING THAT WAS DONE. STILL IN PAIN WITH NO ANSWERS FOR THE CAUSE OR HOW TO PROCEED WITH THE TREATMENT.  STAFF VERY KIND AND PLEASANT. WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS DOCTOR. HE WAS VERY PLEASANT, BUT THAT ALONE WILL NOT TREAT YOUR CONDITION.  	5	1	1	3 	Insurance:CIGNA
54	1	Wonderful Doctor! Truly cares about his patients and takes the time to thoroughly examine you. Know his stuff! Highly recommended! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	Dr. L is GREAT!!!He really looks into your health issue and not just prescribe meds.   Recommend to anyone!!!! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
54	1	Very good doctor who is very patient and helpful. Most of the time he is over booked hence the long wait and over worked staff.  	3	3	4	4 	Insurance:Oxford
54	1	Doctor is wonderful! Staff could improve on efficiency with insurance and appointments.  	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	1	. Wonderful Doctor and person***he finds the reason for pain!! Misses nothing!! GREAT DOCTOR GREAT PERSON 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
55	1	Very professional, job well done! would encourage people to go see if you have problems with your gums like I did.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
56	-1	This Monmouth Medical Emergency Room doctor was very rude to my daughter.I plan on reporting her to the Patient Advocates Office at Monmouth Medical. I cannot believe what these nurses and doctors get away with. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	Dr Rob helped me very much, which is more than I can say for medica care. Shots did nothing over the years except line the pockets of doctors. Dr Rob has the best practice and has put the best team together.  Bravo! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
57	0	Medical Doctors are great, but as a chiro he oversteps his bounds at times. 	4	4	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	Caring and wonderful doctor. Always tries to help you.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
59	-1	Terrible bedside manor on entire practice. Not very knowledgeable or experienced. They do not like educated knowledgeable people question them. If you have major concerns or issues would not recommend this practice at all. They also have problems when you need to retain your medical records. They are very disorganized and loose patients records and follow up is horrible. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
59	1	I truely love this doctor.  Dr. Lanza is caring, sweet, patient, and helpfull.  She cares about her patients and shows it.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
59	1	She has a wonderful personality. She is knowledgable and really tries to help you. She takes her time with you. You do wait in this office but it is because they take thier time with you once you are with the doctor.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
59	1	Excellent Dr. and person. She spends as much time as you need and is very knowledgeable. 	2	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
59	-1	Just called twice to schedule a simple physical. Left me on hold for over 15 minutes with no explanation as to why I was being placed on hold.  Cancelled my appointment and am calling another doctor.  8/28/09 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
59	1	BEST DOCTOR I COULD ASK FOR.  Pleasant, responsive, good listener and takes the time with you. 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
59	1	Very caring and takes time with you even though most of the time she is running up to an hour behind.Takes time to explain the plan of care and allows time for you to ask questions.A dedicated doctor who is kind and compassionate.I would recommend her to my friends and family.  	4	1	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
60	1	 	5	5	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	This doctor is a gem!  He is thorough, very knowledgeable, takes time with his patients, you don't feel rushed.  Answers all your questions and has no arrogance whatsoever.  He is proactive in treating issues with patients and is great at diagnostics.   Would recommend him 100% of the time! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
61	1	Dr. LaCava is attentive and caring.  He gives good recommendations to help you take care of yourself.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
61	-1	Would not recommend.  Missed problems other doctors picked up on routine exams.  Would NOT return to this doctor.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
61	-1	Troble solving my illness. Referred me to a specialist that was not top rate. Would not return to him.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
61	1	Dr. LaCava was the most thorough and prepared doctor I have ever used. He took his time and explained everything to both me and my wife. We both like him very much and will both continue to see him as our primary physician.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
61	1	Particularly recommend him for Seniors. Many doctors don't give seniors the time and attention they need, but he is as careful with older patients as with younger ones. Listens to your problems.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
62	-1	I agree with the other review.  I will NEVER come back to this dentist.  Too many problems with the billing and nobody to speak to at the office.  The dentist is only after revenue and never care for the patient.  I am getting treatments without discussing them to me first and get hit with the billing.  Please get another dentist.  See review in yahoo. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
62	-1	This is the worst dentist.  He will asked you to pay in advance and never submit the insurance claim.  I have to get the claim form from them and fax it my self.  After the insurance pays the dentist, he never return the credit to us but make an adjustment to the invoice labeled production increase.  On my last appointment (just because I still have the credit), I specifically tell him not to do any treatment but cleaning only.  He did some treatment and asked me to pay again.  The insurance claim come back and I still have a credit but he refused to return the money.  I have wrote letters and called and the answer is always the office manager is out of the office.  Please look for another dentist because this is totally a fraud. 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	Dr Lachant never rushed me. He took whatever time was necessary to answer my questions (and I had a lot of questions). He stayed away from medical jargon unless I ask something that needed that kind of an answer. I honestly believe he cares about his patients, he sure seems to care about me. When I went for my first Chemo, he noted my blood test did not include Hepatitis B &amp; C results. So he gave me the CVP and skipped the R (Rituxamab). After the 8th treatment, (7 for Rituxamab), I ask for the 8th Rituxamab (I wanted the Full Treatment). No Problem. Medical guideline is for either 6 or 8 treatments. He has been treating patients since the 1980s. He suggested I get Physical Therapy to get unused muscles back in shape. I highly  recommend him.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
64	1	I have seen Dr. Lan for years.  I don't go to the doctor that much - for an occasional physical and the once a year or two that I get really sick.  Getting an appointment with her is next to impossible.  I had to make my check-up appointment 6 months in advance.  Sick appointments are always with the nurse-practictioner, which is okay, but also very difficult to get.  When she first started with this practice I found her to be friendly and thorough.  However, more recently, she is rushed and less personal.  Overall, she's fine but don't expect great accessibility or a personal touch.  	4	2	4	4 	Insurance:Aetna
64	1	My family and I have been her patients for more than 10 years.  We have found her to be kind, compassionate and knowledgeable.  We have complete trust in her and her office; highly recommend.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
64	-1	The WORST doctor in a practice where other doctors are terriffic.  When questioned about misdiagnosis (which resulted in a 3 day hospital stay) she banished me from the practice that I had been a part of longer than she. I do not understand rating her a good listener since she did not listen to me and rushed me out when I saw her. I still regret not being allowed to see any doctors at Bergen Gastro because my experiences with other doctors, nurses and staff there was exemplary.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	1	Dr. Lan is a great listener. I saw her only a few times and have recommended her to other people. She is very knowledgable. I do not see how anyone could not love her as a doctor. She has the patience of a saint, and will listen to you no matter what kind of problem you are having. She makes you feel very comfortable during the visit.  I will continue to recommend her to others! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
64	-1	I am not sure how I am the only one with negative comments about this Doctor! I know two other people who go to her and she is a terrible listener, she has prescribed medications that would have interactions if taken together at the same time, and she rushes you out of the office. I do not find her to be perceptive or compassionate.  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
64	1	Dr Lan is a great doctor and she actually listens when you are with her. Dr Lan was referred by another Dr and she has been a pleasure to work with. I love her and would recommend her to anyone who appreciates a professional at her best.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	1	I have been to many doctors over the years and Dr. Lan is by far the best! She is kind and understanding. The entire practice including the gastro drs are above average in every way.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
64	1	I would recommend Dr. Lan. She gave me a thorough physical and listened to the concerns I had.  She prescribed the medication I needed and followed up a month later to tweak the dosage. Her staff was friendly and I felt comfortable with her. I would definitely recommend Dr. Lan.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
64	1	I love Dr. Lan. She explaines everything to me very clearly every time. she is very knowledgeable and very kind. My whole family goes to her and most of my friends. I recommend her to everyone.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
64	1	She is trustworthy, perceptive and kind. I have nothing but good things to say about her. My whole family goes to her. Highly recommended.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
64	1	This is a wonderful doctor and a wonderful office. Everyone there is cooperative, polite, and extremelly helpful. I WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PRACTICE. Every doctor/associate I went to there is terrific as well.  It's not often you get the whole deal!! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
65	1	Love, Love, Love this doctor and this practice.  I had a 26 week premature baby 5 years ago and they treated me like I was the only patient they had.  Special appointments, calls in the night, hospital visits.  Dr. Lamantia loves children and mothers.   Couldn't recommend this doctor or this office more! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
65	1	Dr. LaMantia has been pediatrician for our 2 children for 12 years. Friendly, thorough and accessible. Would definitely recommend him to others.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
65	1	WONDERFUL!  Met us the day after my daughter was born, and immediately diagnosed her broken clavicle.   He took great care of her and has continued to be a wonderful, caring pediatrician. LOVE HIM! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	I used to go to this practice (before we moved) and especially liked Dr. LaMantia.  The first thing he'd always ask is, &quot;How's Mom doing&#63;&quot; How many pediatricians ask that&#63;  Did a fine job with my three children over 5 years or so. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	This man is one of the finest doctors.  He is clear, knows his patients, and follows up regularly.  If he tells us to call him at 10 the next morning, and we forget, he'll be sure to call us!  Excellent physician.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	-1	Pulled my son't tooth unnecesaarily, his training person he hired to train was to bond my tooth and sanded it down so much my gums bruised and I had to go to another dentist to repair the damage........no insurance mind you! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	Doctor lam is very kind,sensitive and caring doctor that really feels for his patients.  He is the BEST doctor I've ever had.  I highly recommend him to everyone who wants a caring doctor bar none. He is very knowledgeable and also tries to help you find the answers if he doesn't know.  He practices with conviction of his Christian principles.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	1	Dr. Lam is intelligent, knowledgeable, caring, and conscientious. And those are his bad points. He is a GREAT doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
67	1	My eye doctor recommended Dr. Lam, and I was very happy with my visit. I never felt rushed, or just another patient. Dr Lam took plenty of time to talk about both my health, and non-health related topics.  I think I just found my new doctor! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:GHI
67	1	I agree Dr. Lam is a wonderful doctor.  I was dissatisfied with my primary physician.  My GYN recommended Dr. Lam and I was not disappointed.  He is thorough, patient, knowledgeable and approachable.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	1	I have been going to Dr. Lam for 2 years now and he is a very trustworthy and good primary care physician. He has Saturday hours once a month but does not take credit cards. He enjoys talking and seems pretty knowledgable. He is a good and caring doctor. 	4	2	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	After moving to Fort Lee, I had a very hard time finding a primary care doctor that was kind, friendly and compassionate. After two years, I finally stumbled on Dr. Lam. I found him by searching through the list of available PCPs through my insurance, Healthnet. Dr. Lam is very patient, easy going and knowledgable. He doesn't overbook himself like many greedy doctors do. Every time I visited him, he gave me at least 15 minutes of his time. If you are looking for a nice general doctor in the Fort Lee area, then he's your man.  		3	4	4 	Insurance:HealthPartners
68	-1	I AM A PT OF DR LAGRADA AND THIS DR IS VERY NICE, THE ONLY THING IS THAT YOU SPEND SO MUCH TIME IN THE WAITING AREA AND THEN YOUR IN THE ROOM FOR LIKE THE MOST 15 MINUTES IF THAT I WOULD LIKE TO FIND A DR. THAT CAN HEAR YOU OUT AND REALLY HAVE GOOD COMMUNICATION WITH HIS PATIENTS INSTEAD OF GETTING RUSHED OUT AFTER WAITING SO LONG.  	2	1	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	1	I've been using Dr. Landsman for awhile now.  He seems to be very knowledgable and has a nice personality.  	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	-1	I needed to see a Otolaryngologist, because I had trouble breathing.   He did some test, including allergy test and in the end suggested a surgery on my nose.  It didn't really help, so I came to him a year later, he looked at my file and told me that I have allergies! He never mentioned that to me before the surgery and all this time I thought that I didn't have any allergies.  Anyway, the guy is a plastic surgeon, so I think this is how he makes his money... If I knew about the allergies, I wouldn't be so quick getting under the knife.  I have changed to another doctor...  	5	5	1	3 	Insurance:Aetna
70	1	I had a wonderful experience with Dr. Lakin! He was extremely knowledgeable and made me feel very comfortable. He took his time reading my x-rays and he never rushed like other doctors often do. I was able to get an appointment immediately- even though they didn't have office hours typically scheduled on Wednesday.  I recommend him highly! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
70	1	Best orthopedic surgeon I ever went to. Caring smart, and skillful.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
70	1	I found Dr. Lakin to be one of the best doctors I ever went to. He helped me with a problem that had been missed by others and had been a great source of pain. His work up, surgery and follow up care,was excellent. His office staff was courteous and friendly. He spent time in answering all my questions. I highly would recommend him to any patient, especially those with hand problems, his expertise.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
70	-1	Doctor is rude, discourteous, will not answer questions, and in fact will get up and walk out of the room while a patient is asking a question, without any discussion. He walks in, looks at your chart, and walks back out through a side door in the exam room. It feels like something from The Twilight Zone. His unhelpful, and at time hostile, receptionist then delivers a status form to you with no directions, recommendations, or suggestions. This is perhaps the worst doctor I've ever visited; unfortunately directed to him by worker's comp. I wouldn't trust him to do surgery, and certainly would never recommend him to ANY person in need of an orthopedist.  As a doctor, he is very poor. As a medical office, his operation is worse than unsatisfactory.  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Workers Comp
71	1	GREAT DOCTOR!  Very friendly, knowledgeable and prompt.  Made my sone feel very comfortable.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
71	1	He is the best doctor i have seen so far. He patiently listens  and then explains the stuff and ask for questions, doubts.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
72	1	This is the way healthcare should be.  A one stop shop for all joint needs.  Dr.Lambrou's team of clinicians of different background really helped me out with my back pain.  I've been to other clinics, but never got this type of multiple approach for the common goal. Professional, competent.   Highly recommend. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	EXCELLENT AND COMPASSIONATE DOCTOR AND STAFF.  CARE RECEIVED WAS TOP NOTCH.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
72	1	I would rate this practice the best in the area. Dr Dimitri Lambrou is very upfront and honest about all his procedures. The physical therapy department is outstanding. They take the time with all my problems. He helped me tremendously and all the Doctors there are terrific. Dr Lopez is very smart. I would highly recommend this practice. More offices should be run like Northeast Sports Medicine, patients would be better off.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
72	0	Dr. Lambrou is the owner/director of this office.  Even so, I feel like everyone at Northeast is on a different page.  He is well versed and dresses appropriately.  However, my problems were &quot;danced around&quot; and I was referred to many people in the office-MDs, PTs, and Chiropractors.  I was told I needed certain tests which had already been performed recently, like EMGs and NCVs. I attended physical therapy in Dr. Lambrou's office for a month, but I stopped because I was told to do yoga poses and balance activities for my legs when I was there for a rotator cuff problem in my shoulder. Two of the therapists were helpful and consistent, Doris and Nicole, but the other seemed to be off in some other world.  Dr. Lambrou was never around for me to address these things with him, so I am not sure if he had been that I would still be doing PT today.  Front desk staff was very pleasant and helpful.  Some MD appointments required long waits.  All in all, I would rate my overall experience a 4/10 	4	2	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
72	1	Dr Lambrou and his chiropractic staff are second to none. Dr's  Lambrou, Kirk and Brooks are very dedicated and knowledgeable chiropractors that are always available to help and assist you with your treatment and questions.It doesnt hurt that they are a very young, energetic and goodlooking staff as well.My pain has went from a 9 down to 2 out of 10 in just over a week.I have tried a handful of chiropractors before and the results and understanding of my treatment were a night and day difference.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
72	1	I'm glad I saw Dr Lambrou when I did. I was on my last limb with treatments. Nothing helped. We started a program with chiropractic and vaxd. My low back feels awesome after a few weeks of treatment. I like his program because he has all kinds of doctors and therapists working for him for will work on you too. His office is terriffic. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
72	-1	The medical doctors at northeast spine &amp; sports medicine are truly top notch.  Unfortunately, i ended up being evaluated by dr. lambrou whose ego may have prevented me from seeing one of the MDs sooner. He puts on a show and felt he could handle all the nuances of my case.  Once on board with the MD, he was able to truly direct ALL aspects of my treatement.  	4	3	1	2 	Insurance:CIGNA
72	1	Dr.Dimitri Lambrou Is Very Intelligent, Devoted And Kind. This Facility Is Very CLEAN, Modern, And Impeccable. The Team Of M.D.'s & Physical Therapist Are Highly Qualified & Very Good At What They Do. He Has An Amazing Staff, Well Educated... I HIGHLY RECOMMEND NORTHEAST SPINE AND SPORTS MEDICINE To Anyone Needing A Wellness Plan Of Care.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
72	1	Dr. D and Dr. Kirk are absolutely the best and have helped me so much.  The have a great staff and a great physical therapy group especially Glen.   Today, because of all 3 of them, I am painfree 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
72	1	Dr Lambrou treated me after a car accident. I don't know what I would have done without the help of him and his staff. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	She is the Best dentist I have been to in my life! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
74	-1	Nice and accomadating person.I feel, however, that her qualifications did not suffice to treat my son adequately at overlook hospital. She is neither an internist and certainly not a hematologist.Yet,she was assigned as one of the primary health providers for my son at the hospital and her treatment seemed to follow a &quot;trial and error&quot; routine. Got very upset with her when she asked me after my son's death whether I would give permission for an autopsy to find out, and I quote, &quot;to know exactly what we were dealing with&quot; Hello, lady, I thought you knew what you were doing! But that's Overlook for you. An average rated hospital (3) which hardly has any specialists. Unless you have a routine checkup, I would not recommend Lacapra to you. 	2	2	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
75	1	Very hard to get in touch with. Works in too many offices. Staff not very helful. The doctor himself is good but he needs better help!!!!!!.  	1	2	3	4 	Insurance:Aetna
75	1	Good doctor; spends time with you and addresses your concerns. Available for you. Highly recommended.  	5	4	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
75	-1	Nice guy, not the sharpest tac in the box.  Told me I needed pacemaker.  Went to Johns Hopkins for a second opinion and the much more renowned doctor there disagreed. 	4	4	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
75	1	Excellent doc. Knowledgeable and compassionate.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
76	-1	Dr Lancman is more concerned about his professional liability rather than taking on a complex case! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
76	1	Very knowledgeable, humble man.  He guided me through very difficult times with a lot of compassion.  I suffered from tonic-clonic seizures, grand mal seizures, absence seizures---which was never properly diagnosed by any other physician for years.  He, after many tests, decided to introduce me to his professional  counterpart, Dr Arno Fried knowing I was a good candidate for brain surgery to impede my seizures.  I have not had to endure ONE MORE SEIZURE SINCE!!!!  I could never thank them enough for saving my life.  I feel so much more &quot;able&quot; today.  GOD BLESS YOU DR!!  I've visited him so many times since the surgery and cannot stop feeling emotional in his presence.  I wish I could pay him back somehow.  My way&#63;  Telling all that are interested in learning about him, Dr. Marcelo Lancman is more than a Dr.  He is a truly good man whom loves to help people.  I couldn't feel more blessed finally being introduced to a GENUINELY PROFESSIONAL CARING DR YEARS OF MY EPILEPSY.  God blessed me 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
76	1	An expert in his field, caring, commmitted to his patients.  A wonderful doctor who specializes in epilepsy and only epilepsy.  	 3/11/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Oxford
77	-1	He was one of my mother's attending physicians while she was in Hunterdon Medical Center. My main complaint against him was his lack of privacy. I was the the only spokesperson for my mother, yet one day when he tried reaching me by phone, instead of leaving a message, he proceeded to call my husband and give out personal, confidential information and then wanted him to make a medical decision about my mother. My husband told him that he should be speaking to me, but Dr. L. never did. Completely out-of-line and reprehensible. This will be reported.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
78	1	I have known Dr. Lampariello since Kindergarten (37 years) as has my family.  He has always been a great guy and it shows in his care.  I almost lost my life in April 2010, he and the 'team' he put together are responsible for me being here today to write this.  He is very thorough and caring.  Dr. Lampariello was there everyday to see me during my 8 week stay at St. Joe's Wayne (forever Wayne General).  When I went to ER, I gave permission for everyone to speak with my mother and my husband regarding my condition, he already had that permission and kept my family abreast every step of the way.  I recently had a lump removed my under my arm but prior to having this done, my husband insisted Dr. Lampariello see it for himself and be kept completely within the loop.  We were at the office to have a test done for my husband and daughters (which one of the nurses conducted), he took the time to take a look at me and he was very busy.  This is the doctor you want, the kind we all need. 	 8/18/10	5	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	Dr. Lampariello is not only one of the finest doctors, but one of the finest human beings we have met. Our entire family, including my elderly Mom, has been treated by him in truly professional and expert fashion... Not only that, Dr. Lamp is warm and personable... he cares... we travel a distance to see him, but it is miles well worth the travel as he is one of a kind... The staff - and other doctors as well - are also courteous, professional, kind... If you're looking for a knowledgeable family MD - and one who will send you on to a specialist without hesitation... Dr. Lampariello is your guy... When my Mom passed away, he came to her funeral as he had been treating her for years... his warmth and compassion does not end when his office hours do...  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	1	I've been going to Dr. L for many years.  He is a fantastic doctor.  The office is usually very busy but he takes his time and listens to you.  I always feel that he cares about me and my family's well being.  The staff there is great as well.  They are always busy but it's worth the wait.  Great office - great Doctor.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
78	1	Could not ask for a better doctor. Kind, considerate, and knowledgeable. Changed my life!! 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	Dr. Lampariello is THE BEST!  He made a quick & accurate diagnosis along with the most effective treatment plan.  I feel like I have my life back thanks to him.  He's a great listener & explains things thoroughly.  I've never felt rushed.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
78	1	Dr. &quot;L&quot; is the best. He diagnosed me with such wisdom and experience.Hit the nail right on the head. He spent so much time explaining all aspects of my illness.Never rushed!!! 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
79	-1	 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	While the practice is an older facility, it is clean and maintained.  Dr. Lauren is very helpful, knowledgeable, and thorough. She patiently and respectfully explains treatments and provides quality dental care.  I feel she is trustworthy and I have confidence in the advice and care that she provides.  I would like to see the practice invest in digital xray equipment and record keeping in order to keep up with the times. I would be willing to pay more for such amenities. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	Dr lander himself is a very good doctor, the office and staff on the other hand are awful. the office is dirty, the bathroom always smells. The staff for the most part is awful and rude, especially barbara.  	1	2	2	5 	Insurance:Oxford
80	-1	Dr Lander gave my daughter a vacaine that she alread received.  He also, was reading the wrong chart when examining my daughter.  When I realized what he had done, he not only refused to call me back himself, but also, billed my insurance company for an unnesessary shot!!.  He also refused to give me my daughters records without charging me $20.  I would NEVER recomend him to anyone.  	3	3	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
80	-1	Never go to him he is only hungry for money, will drop you in heart beat if you owe anyh money.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
80	-1	Rude and abrupt.  Phone is often busy when I tried to call the office.  I transferred after six months. 	2	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	I can't believe the nonsense I am reading about Richard Lander. This is insanity. In 11 years I have never seen any of this behavior. He is the most contentious Dr I have ever seen. He had a great bedside manner and answers 1 million questions. If your looking for a doctor to tell you what you want to hear or give you antibiotics for every cold, then you have the wrong man. I can care less about the office appearance. I care about his medical abilities. Maybe some of you should go back to work and shut the TV off and stop gossiping.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
80	1	I was shocked at the negative reviews. Dr. Lander was my son's first pediarician 17 years ago. Still see him for my son, although I love Dr. Aton for my girls.  He has always come across interested, polite, and very knowledgable! 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
80	1	I have been bringing my chidren to this doctor since 1995 when my second child was born. Although I do feel he is somewhat high strung with my older son who has ADHD and is high strung  himself, I am really surprised by the bad reviews he has recieved from other parents. In 15 years, I have NEVER experienced any rudeness, or unprofessional behavior from him. He has always taken a lot of time with our concerns and answered every question in a patient and caring manner. He is never hurried. He never leaves until the visit is completely over and all of our concerns have been addressed. Also he has always been gracious and polite to us. However because I feel a slight clash in personalities between us, I usually use one of his associates whenever possible. That said, this clash that I speak of is very minuscule and is more a matter of different personal styles. If one of my kids gets sick and he's the only doctor on duty that day, I have no problem at all with him and never have.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
80	-1	I have to agree with the other comments. This doctor should not be around kids; my daughter is actually fearful of him. He does not answer more than 2 questions, He multi-tasks during an exam (very rude)and lets his staff do ALL the work. I do like his nurses and Dr. Meishoff.  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:CIGNA
80	-1	I continue to se Dr. Lander for my son out of pure laziness.  He isn't the worst but he is bordering on below average.  The office is crappy and dark and they do not have a fax machine-this boggles my mind-they do not have a dedicated fax line.   Can you say, cheap&#63;  How can any doctor's office not have a fax machine&#63; 	 1/13/10	1	1	1	Insurance:Aetna
80	-1	Doctor does not have good bedside manor and does not communicate well. We feel that we are being 'nickeled & dimed' by an abundance of small charges reportedly not covered by insurance. The practice blames the insurance companies for this. 	2	3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
80	-1	spent less than 2 minutes with the child and left without saying a word. We had to chase down the nurse to find out that we ca leave. The child had severe infection yet this &quot;doctor&quot; did not bother to prescribe antibiotic or just to give some advise on treatment.  	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
80	-1	Officious, and businesslike. Administrative efficiencies trump personal considerations, to the point of pettyness.  Inconsiderate, becomes confrontational when faced with &quot;too many questions&quot; and actually offensive with his comments once or twice. Terrible personality for a doctor.  Would rate him a zero if it was available.  	1	3	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
80	-1	I went to him one time. His nails were like claws and I felt like he was a little old-schooled and lost his spark with children. I didn't get a good vibe about him at all so I never went back. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
80	-1	Only money hungry.  Could care less about my childs problem when there is a balance on the account.  Was willing to deny medical treatment for a broken bone due to the fact that I owed him money. 	1	4	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	I changed from a local practice, to Dr. LaForgia because I wanted to be treated in a kind, compassionate way. Not like on in factory line. I have been happy with Dr. LaForgia for several years now. My treatments have all been sucessful. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
81	-1	APPOINTMENTS DON'T MEAN A THING - WAITI, WAIT, WAIT!!!  IF YOU WANT A &quot;REAL&quot; DOCTOR, GO TO A 'MOSE' DR. / SURGEON FOR THE MOST PROFICIENT CARE - HE IS NOT A SURGEON, BUT WILL DO SURGERY (AT YOUR OWN RISK) IF YOU HAVE AN APPOINTMENT, HIS 'NURSE' WILL TAKE YOU DEPENDING ON WHO SHE PREFERS BEST !!! FRUSTRATION AND WAITING !!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:AARP
82	-1	Most overrated breast surgeon in the area.  Keeps harping on anti abortion issue 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
82	1	Dr. Lanfranchi is a BLESSING! Compassionate, caring, Great Sense of Humor. Knowledgeable. Top notch in my book. She explains everything and when you are scared to death because you've been told you have Breast Cancer, she goes over it all again and is just such a warm and friendly woman.  I wouldn't go any where else! Her office staff is great too! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
82	1	Excellent surgeon. Compassionate, caring, Takes the time to explain everything. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	I LOVE DR. LANFRANCHI :-).. I met her a few years ago after being diagnosis with breast cancer and she's wonderful.She's very through and explains things so you'll understand them in layman's term :-)...I'm afraid to leave NJ for fear of not finding such a great doctor!..  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
82	1	I'm probably biased because I would probably love any doctor that told me I didn't have breast cancer, but I found Dr. Lanfranchi to be very professional, knowledgeable and sympathetic when I was terrified.  She also has a good sense of humor and that goes a long way when your life is flashing before your eyes.  I would use her again(but hopefully never have to).  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
83	0	.  	1	1	3	3 	Insurance:Aetna
83	1	Dr. Lambrinos always provides top-notch care to me and my family. I give Dr. Lambrinos my highest recommendation.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
83	1	Dr. George is excellent!  He is very gentle and explains everything he is going to do.  He fixed my broken tooth and it feels great.  I bring my children to him now instead of overpriced pediatric dentists. My kids love him. We have a dentist for life!  I highly recommend his practice. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
83	1	I went to him based upon other's reviews.  I thought the entire experience was great.  I can't believe he takes my crappy insurance.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
83	1	very nice and efficient,,gentle  i really liked dr lambrinos 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
83	1	Dr. Lambrinos appears highly knowledgeable and competent in his field, is amiable, communicates procedure options in a manner that is comprehensible and during the process, explains the procedures clearly and, as important if not more importantly, is compassionate in that it's evident servicing his patients is his priority, not like current times where health care has become a profit-making business, leaving the concerns and care of the patient a low priority. The office offers state-of-the-art technology and is aesthetically appealing.  	1	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
83	1	Not only is his office spotless, but staff extremely nice as well.   Dr. Lambrinos was very concerned with my comfort during the cleaning which I appreciate.  And not that I'm really interested in trying to watch tv while getting my teeth cleaned, but there were tv's in every exam room.  Dr. Lambrinos was experienced, genuine and extremely nice.  Plus the x-rays he took popped up on the tv screen within seconds of taking the actual picture.  Lastly, not that I even had time to read them since there was zero wait, but he always has really good magazines in his waiting room!  I would (and have) recommend him to anyone! 	 2/29/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
83	1	i was recommended to this dentist by my neighbor and i cant be happier.  he has saturday appointments which is great with my busy work schedule.  The staff is friendly and accommodating.  Dr. Lambrinos is one of the few professionals (physicians and dentists included) that i have been to that actually take the time to listen to what you have to say.  I had a few issues with my mouth that were addressed.  I was a little leary of getting a crown on a front tooth but i honestly cannot even tell now which is the crown.  If you are thinking about going here you will have no regrets.  	 12/10/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Delta Dental
83	1	Dr Lambrinos is a kind,caring and knowledgeable doctor.The office is Hi tech,neat and spotless. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
83	1	I am so impressed.  I actually can't wait to go to the Dentist now.  I'm one step closer each time to having perfect teeth.  I'm impressed with his equipment, always checking to be sure I'm comfortable, the hours fit my busy work schedule.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
83	1	Just completed my third visit after not seeing a dentist for 10 years due to my fears. I can't say enough about Dr. Lambrinos. He has put my fears aside with his caring and considerate way of treating his patients. He continually asks me if I am doing OK and explains what he is doing every step of the way.  He even has Friday, Saturday and early moring appointments which I find very accomodating with my work schedule. I would definitely reccomend him for his great work and professionalism.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
83	1	The dentist might be someone we tend to stay away from. I must say that the staff and this dentist are awesome. The doctor makes you feel comfortable and fully undrstand all procedures. They are also great with kids and have patience to work on them. I would recommend all of my family and friends to make this their dentist with out any hesitation.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:GHI
83	1	I found Dr. Lambrinos to take care of my son but I liked him so much that I switched from my local dentist to him.  I travel about 20 minutes but it is worth it.  He is a very good dentist. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
83	1	Very meticulous with his work, and a perfectionist.  Two things i love about him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
83	1	Dr. Lambrinos is an awesome dentist! Love going to him! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	Had surgery in '06 All is still going well. To previous malcontent- if you want the best, be prepared to wait. Or maybe you should go the the vision center at UMDNJ where Dr. Lama came from.  If you do bring a picnic lunch! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
84	0	Expect to wait over 2-3 hours or more. Office staff is over worked and very rude. They overbook unlike any other Dr in the tri-state area. Expect to see at least 20 people in the waiting room at any given time. His bed-side manner needs lots of work.  	2	1	2	4 	Insurance:Medicare
84	1	Dr. Lama is the best glaucoma specialist in the area. I have been treated by many specialists and Dr. Lama is one of the best and was trained by one of the best (who was also a former Dr. of mine). You do wait but he cares and spends the time to tell you exactly what is going on. He doesn't rush you and takes the time to explain everything. Overall a wonderful Dr. and well worth the wait.  	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
84	1	Dr Lama is a highly skilled surgeon who operated on my eye and placed a shunt for my steroid induced glaucoma. He did a wonderful job and I healed well with no complications. Very caring and committed.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
84	1	Would highly recommend. Extremely knowledgeable in his field (Glaucoma)Answers all questions and is patient.Great doctor.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
84	1	Very intelligent and compassionate physician.  Highly skilled surgeon 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
84	1	Recommended by my eye doctor as he is a Glaucoma specialist. Expert in his field. I was operated on 4/06 (while he was at UMDNJ) and all is still well.He is caring and thorough, will take the time to explain everything in detail. Personally calls you back if you have a question. Wouldn't hesitate to recommend him. My daughter now goes to him once a year as Glaucoma is hereditary. He has been at his new office in Hackensack since 8/07-much easier to get to. Staff is great too.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
84	1	My eye doctor recommended this doctor for his expertise. Dr. Lama is THEE best at what he does. He's the guy YOU WANT in the room when your vision is on the line.  Highly recommended!  Damon White 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
84	1	I had surgery for Glaucoma and had many visits. He was wonderful. I would recommend him to everyone. You might wait a bit but you will receive great care and good results.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
84	1	 	2	1	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	Wonderful, caring and extremely competent surgeon. Specialty is Glaucoma. Highly recommend.This is new office. Formerly in Newark.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
85	-1	Uncaring, &quot;no problem found&quot; doctor.  Would not perscribe over the counter quit smoking meds.  My illness was smoking related, and severe.  Finally quit after another doctor gave me a perscription for zyban-2 years later I feel great again.  Avoid this flat rate billable hour jockey and all doctors like him, they should not get paid for shrugging their shoulders.  The receptionist was abrasive and rude also. Many out of pocket surprises even though I had good insurance.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
85	1	The best doctor's office I've been to, hands down. Staff is extremely friendly and helpful. Dr. Lahiri is very kind, takes his time answering all questions, and provides thorough follow-ups. Would recommend this office for anyone. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	I have been going to Dr. Lang for years.  I fully trust him with the care of my spine.  He is very honest about your condition and he is not condescending.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
86	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Lang's for seven years.  I have herniated disks in my back; his treatment has minimized the pain and discomfort I feel and allowed me to lead a normal life.  I recommend him highly.  The office staff are very friendly.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
86	1	Dr. Lang is not only a great doctor but he truly cares for his patients.  The whole office staff is kind and helpful.  Best Dr.  visit I have ever had!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
86	1	After several enocounters with other Chiropractors in the area, I found Dr. Lang and his staff to be the most knowledgeable and caring. He has always been dedicated towards helping me achieve my health goals, and he seems to genuinley care for his patients.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
86	1	He helped me when no other dr's could (or would). He sat and talked with me to find out all my concerns.  He is very proactive, very helpful and right away I knew that he was concerned with my health.  I had another dr tell me there was nothing wrong with my back and basically dismissed my pain, but Dr. Lang found out what was the root cause 2 minutes into my exam.  (Which is something potentially serious)  The other dr couldnt even tell from an MRI and a CT scan.  I feel safe in his care and trust him completely - something that I have never been able to say about a dr.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
87	-1	I went to this Dr Lapinski for cleanings for myself and my two children and for an extraction for my son.  After my second visit, I knew that I couldn't continue going to this practice.  The male dentist has an archaic manner about him.  When is it okay to raise your voice at a customer and demand if you are being listened to&#63; He was very condescending. He also said I had an overgrown muscle underneath my tongue and my daughter had it, too.  I've never heard of this in all of my 43 years going to the dentist. Maybe he would like to cash in for unnecessary surgery&#63; I have since switched to a very respectful dentist in the Courtyard on 206 and am much happier with the service.  My kids are happier, too.  	3	3	2	2 	Insurance:GHI
88	1	Dr. Lange is a fine surgeon and I think he cares about his patients. He has a passion for his craft and great skill and dexterity. His hands are always purposeful and quiet, with no wasted movements, no dramatic gestures or flourishes. He exudes a quiet confidence and a belief in his abilities.He is honest and tries to direct a patient to what is appropriate for their situation. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	Dr. Lange has a very calming demeanor. He puts you at ease.  He spendt alot of time with me prior to surgery, clearly explaining in detail what to expect during and following surgery.  He listened to what I wanted and delivered very natural looking, excellent results. I'm very happy with him and his office and would definitely refer him to friends and family. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
89	-1	Prescribes dangerous mind altering drugs after only a one minute evaluation. Gives out samples like candy. You will wait 45+ minutes in her waiting room, beyond your scheduled time.  Staff is very unhelpful and rude.  	 5/23/11	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
89	0	Like others say, Dr. Lanez is fine if you know what meds you need and just want a prescription.  I wouldn't recommend her for someone seeking psychiatric care for the first time.  The wait time is always long, and just today my appointment was cancelled without notification.  The waiting room is tiny and uncomfortable.  She's perfectly pleasant when I talk to her, but she is all about prescribing/changing/upping meds.  Not a place for holistic mental healthcare.  If you can't see someone else for insurance reasons, Dr. Lanez is fine, but I wouldn't go to her as a first choice.  	3	1	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
89	-1	I have been a patient of Dr.Lanez for a few years.  I agree with the negitive reviews she has recieved.  Her staff is good for take the co-pay and making the next an appointment.  I have to wait anywhere from 30 minutes to 1 hour after my schedule time.  Helpfulness is not in the vocabulary as well as knowledgable.  Dr. Lanez is good for a little chit chat then refill your precriptions and see at your next appointment.  	3	1	1	2 	Insurance:Aetna
89	0	If my appointment is for 5:00, I won't see her until at least 5:45.  I find it very strange that she puts so much emphasis on finding a lifelong partner, as if that would solve my problems.  I enjoy my solitude.  Romantic relationships just compound my stress and anxiety, so I don't seek them.  I'm single by choice, but I have plenty of family and friends to socialize with when I want to.  Not everyone needs to find their &quot;other half&quot;.  I feel quite whole WITHOUT a partner, thank you very much.  I think that advising a solitary person to find a romantic partner is a little irresponsible.  This doctor WILL push drugs if you let her.  Do your research before agreeing to take ANY medication.  She has not always been truthful about side effects.  &quot;This will NOT interfere with your sex life or make you gain weight.&quot;  Yeah right.  Educate yourself on any substances that you will be ingesting for the long term.  The doctors DON'T always know best.  You know your mind better than anyone. 	3	1	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
89	-1	very poor quality doctor.  very short office evaluation (2 to 5 mins).  Waited over an hour after my appt to be seen.  All get anti-depressants.  Does not treat anxiety disorders.  She's more concerned about getting her kids through the best of colleges...at the expense of her patients. 	2	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	NOT a therapist, but a competent psycho-pharmacologist.  But holy crap I always have to wait at least 40 minutes to see her (that's 40 minutes after my scheduled appt time) 	4	1	4	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
89	1	I like Dr. Lanez. The sessions with her are brief and to the point because she is a Psychiatrist NOT a Therapist. When Dr. Lanez suggests medication she knows all of the side affects, benefits and drug interactions that come with it. I also think that she is very good at adjusting medication..... However, returning phone calls and punctuality with appointments is a whole different story.  	5	2	4	5 	Insurance:Aetna
89	-1	. She makes the meetings very short and it is a waste of time!!! She is out there too! needs help herself You wait for an Hour to been in there for 2 mins!!! 	5	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
89	-1	I went in for panic disorder and she prescribed an antidepressant that does not treat anxiety. When I went back and told her I was still suffering from panic attacks, she told me that the meds I was taking are not for treating anxiety. Why then, did she prescribe them in the first place. I've got quite a number of complaints about her. I will not be seeing her anymore.  	3	3	1	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
89	-1	My husband and I took our daughter to see Dr. Lanez.What a scary and awful visit.It was her first visit,and the last.The doctor is not very knowlegable, friendly or professional.Right away she wanted to prescribe medication.She told us that the reason our daughter stole money from us was because we did not give her enough allowance money,and we should pay her more for chores.Wow I did not think that 20.00 a week was a bad deal, considering we took turns with the chores. She does not look at you when you first come in to her office.She asks the same questions over and over.Don't waste your time.  	2	1	2	2 	Insurance:Oxford
89	1	I have been seeing Dr. Lanez for years, and I think she is wonderful! She really knows what she's doing, and she has helped me tremendously.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
89	1	She was very pleasant and helpful and explained the side effects of the drugs she prescribed.She was able to give me an appointment right away.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
89	-1	I was surprized to see such an unprofessional person giving drugs. Do not go to her. All she does is give you drugs with no evaluation, no talking and no personal contact! Really Bad. 	2	1	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
89	-1	This doctor is unpleasant, cold, and in my opinion nothing but a drug pusher. Makes you wait for a long time in a waiting room with a TV blaring. Consultation and later checkups lasted very little time. Gets annoyed with you, doesn't seem to listen or care, barely looks at you before reaching for the prescription pad. I actually wrote a letter of complaint to my insurance provider about her. I don't see how anyone who is depressed would benefit from seeing this doctor. I certainly didn't.  	 7/18/07	1	1	1	Insurance:CIGNA
89	-1	Never did an initial evaluation, but seems to think there's a pill for everything. Very prescribing happy. Furthermore she took a phonecall from a patient during my &quot;examination&quot; and discussed that patient's issues in front of me, totally violating patient confidentiality. She should have her liscense yanked.  		4	1	1 	Insurance:Tricare
89	1	Generally, I'm satisfied with Dr. Lanez. The reason for that is because I don't go in for therapy, and I already know what drugs are best for my problems (I've had years of therapy in the other places I've lived). So, all she does for me is write my prescriptions. She's also very good with giving out samples. 		2	4	3 	Insurance:Unknown
89	-1	my very first session lasted about 3 minutes. She didnt really pay attention when I told her about my symptoms, and didnt give any feedback...I ended up weening myself off of the medicine so I wouldnt have to go back to her!! 		3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
90	-1	Was in excruciating pain after last phase of root canal, called doctor to see if this was normal or if she can call a stronger pain Rx in to pharmacy.  Doctor took 4 hours to respond to EMERGENCY page.   #unacceptable! 	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Aetna
91	1	I cannot give high enough praise to Dr. Lamb. he is cautious in his treatment trying all venues aside from surgery. In my case there was no choice other than surgery and it went remarkably well. I had a severe stenosis in my neck and had fusion of C3-C5. Prior to surgery my feet and hands were numb and I could hardly walk. Hours after the procedure I had the feeling in my hands and feet back and was walking markedly better. Dr. Lamd's talent and personality made a very scary event easy to get  through. I owe him big time.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
91	1	He performed back surgery for me around 2000-2002, by the time I saw him , i was in diapers, lost control of my bladder functions. In excruciating pain to the point i was using 3 different pain relievers at one time. He did all he could prior to this exacerbation to avoid surgery, like epidurals,to no avail. I went in for surgery, which showed that i had bone spurs compressing the spinal cord and herniated disc. I went into surgery requiring a walker to get around and feeling like I was 80 yrs old. 3hrs after surgery, i was walking like i just had a scratch. There was some electrical shock type pains, but that was the feeling and nerve sensation returning. I was up and around just hrs after surgery. He didn't cut through any muscle and minimal recovery time. He is excellent, with a great bedside manner, which is unusual for a surgeon. I owe my life to him. Kudos!! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	Great Caring doctor.  He goes the extra mile for his patients.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
91	1	My husband had back surgery in 2007 by Dr Lamb and had almost 2 years of visits and procedures at his office. I can't recommend a doctor any higher then him. He is a brilliant doctor and surgeon and as the patients wife I can't stress how wonderful he was to both my husband and myself during this whole ordeal. He took great professional and personal interest in my husbands recovery. He has a great sence of humor which took a lot of stress off of me at the right times. From the first visit to his office to the last day in the hospital Dr Lamb was the kind of doctor all others should strive to be. But sadly in the state of todays healthcare system MDs like Dr Lamb are far and in between. My husband and I highly recommend Dr David Lamb and his staff of Princeton NJ On a scale from one (being low) to 10 (being the highest) I'd give him and his team a 10. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	Dr. Lamb is wonderful. He is caring and compassionate, sympathetic to my pain, takes time to answer questions, and explains things in a way I can understand without throwing medical jargon around. He's also very thorough and exhausts other avenues before considering surgery. He involves me in my own care and makes me feel like I'm part of the team unlike some doctors I have been to. He is a good man and a good doctor and I highly recommend him. Wait time in the waiting room in all of the times I was there is minimal and his staff is very nice. They also return calls promptly.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
92	1	Best doctor in town! She knows what she is talking about....her staff is very helpful, espcially this young kid, i think his name was Raj&#63; thanks Dr.  lalla! 	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:GHI
93	1	This man is an excellent doctor.  He is knowledgeable and very professional. 	3	2	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
93	1	Tough sttitude but grest surgeon.Had excellent results from robotic prostste surgery.  Recommend highly though you do have to wait in the office for a long time because they overbook.  	5	3	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
94	1	Dr Jerry- is an associate at Elmwood Park Chiropractic &amp; Physical Therapy. 511 blvd,Elmwood Park, NJ  07407 201-796-5273. Highly Recommended/excellent care! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
95	1	I've been going to Dr. Langner for the past 10 years. He is very thorough. Once,I tried to go to another which was in a group. Only to find I was a number to them and they really did not care as much as Dr.Langner does. I went right back to Dr.Langner. I feel it is so much better when you see a doctor who is not part of a group.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
95	1	Dr. Langner is the best &quot;gastro&quot; in my area. I've seen two others and there is no comparison. From now on, I'll only see Dr. Langner. He's not only knowledgeable but caring as well. Fine doctor.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
96	1	Dr. Lanza has called evening and weekends following up on visits.  He is &quot;old school&quot; and shows with his time and attention that he cares about his patients! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
96	1	Long time patient.  Staff is terrible; not helpful.Wait time is always an hour or more.  	2	2	3	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
96	1	Amazing caring doctor.   have been going to him for many years! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
96	1	Appears to be very knowledgeable and listens very calmly. He is so comfortable with himself that you immediately feel comfortable. I like his demeaner.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
96	1	Dr. Lanza is very competent, knowledgeable, caring and compassionate.  He listens to what his patients has to say and provides the medical guidance and treatment that you need.  He knows when you need a specialist and doesn't hesitate to help you get the help you need.  He is thorough and thoughtful in his treatment choices.  Dr. Lanza seems to be the perfect combination of practioner and personality.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
96	1	Dr.Lanza is a wonderful doctor and friend. Miss going to him now that I have moved away. He was there for my family in the care of my mother. He made sure our thoughts and feeling got heard. He took very good care of all my family.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
96	1	Dr Lanza is the best.  I have been going to him for over 10 years and even though I could find a Dr. closer to where I live.  I would never change.  He will sit down with you and listen to all your concerns and fears.  He has a calm personality that makes you feel like you are talking to a friend not your Dr.  If he thinks there is something wrong that needs to be seen by a specialist, he refers you right away, and will even call their office is you are having difficulty getting a sooner appointment.  Everyone in his office is friendly and helpful.  I always recommend him to anyone looking for a new Dr. ! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
96	1	you are in good hands here. This is a doctor who LISTENS!  In addition, he has excellent diagnostic skills.  As a bonus, the other doctors in the practice are very good as well so that you never are left on your own should Dr. Lanza be on vacation just when you need a doc.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
97	-1	THE WORST OFFICE I HAVE EVER SEEN! 0 STARS!  I waited for 1 hour and 30 minutes only to be called by a nurse and told that I would have to wait at least another 1 hour and 30 minutes with no guarantee. I asked the nurse why I have to wait so long and why no one told me and why my appointment was made so early even though I was not to be admitted for at least another 3 hours and she replied, QUOTE &quot;Oh we don't tell patients, but there is a wait, there is always a wait&quot;. Their staff even had the nerve to lie to me and say that they were &quot;filing charts&quot; the entire time, which is the biggest load of bull I have ever heard. We walked out and I was angry enough punch through their wall. I was told by neurologists and many doctors to try to have less stress and this &quot;doctor's&quot; office did the exact opposite. I never saw a doctor, my mom left work early and I had to skip part of school, did not eat, and wasted an overall 4 hours. Hot, no space, unsanitary, severely overbooked.  WORST OFFICE EVER 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
98	1	. probably the most honest and wonderful surgeon and docotr i have meti recommend him highly and hope you are lucky enough to have him as your physician 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
98	1	. wonderful doctor with a great bedside manner , would recvommend him to anyone who wants a great surgeon and doctor 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:AARP
98	0	I was one of the first when Dr Lkhani started at that office. He always seemed to be competant but now he has a production line going on. Each time my wife and I go there, the waiting room is filled. I asked the staff if everyone has an 11 am appointment&#63; No answer. I also told him how I felt. We will not be going there anymore. He knows that.  	2	1	1	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
98	1	SAI RAM   Dr. Lakhani is so well / Expert Advise / Careing all the time for me Thanks is not enough for him I BLESS HIM AND HIS FAMILY TO SERVE THIS COMMUNITY .  SAI RAM 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
98	1	. excellent staff, caring honest doctor have recommended him to my entire family  he did my family doctor's eye surgery and my mother's 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Oxford
98	1	One of the best doctors i have ever been to. Doctor Lakhani was highly recommended to me for a second opnion. He was very easy to talk to and seemed very honest.  I had my surgeries done by him and i see better than i ever have in my life, cannot recommend him enough 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
98	1	Dr Lakhani saved me from having terrible headaches, he is very helpful and honest. His staff is excellent and they are always smiling. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
98	1	i was diagnosed with catarcts and glaucoma and was recommended by an aquaitance who told me he was great. could not have been more pleased. he is a sincere caring person. i honestly felt he had my best interest in mind and took the time to explain my problems. i have  hearing problem and he was patient (no pun intended) with me. He told me my catarcts did not need surgery but we must keep a close eye on my glaucoma. i feel he is the best eye docotr i have ever been to and recommend him without hesitation. if you are reading this please do yourself a favor and make the appointment with him if you are wondering whether to call his office. on thing additional his offices are beautiful and very clean.  i love this website to show my appreciation for these wonderful doctors 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
98	1	I was asked to go see dr lakhani by my own eye docotr. i had an unusal eye problem and my docotr told me dr lakhani was the best in our area. his office as beautiful and his staff very friendly. most importantly he spent the time needed to diagnose and treat my eye disease when no one else could. He saved my eyesight and i am eternally grateful.  i cannot recommend him more, you will not be disappointed 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:GHI
98	-1	I went for a normal eye exam.  This doctor told me I had a cataract in one eye and needed surgery.  He told me that for another $2400, he could do both eyes and I would no longer need glasses (I'm 55).  I thought this was odd but was excited about the prospect of not having to wear glasses.  The office staff rushed me to schedule the pre-op and surgery.  When I got in my car, I noticed that they were operating on my good eye first.  I thought this was really strange so I went for a second opinion.  I had NO cataract.  It was a scam.  I realized after the second exam that Dr. Lakhani didn't even dilate my eyes.  I am horrified by what he charged for a really terrible, dishonest exam and by the fact that he would have put me through unnecessary surgery on both eyes.   How many elderly people just do this without question&#63;&#63; 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
98	-1	So incredibly unhappy with this doctor...my 3 year-old daughter had a piece of glitter stuck in her eyeball...we took her to the ER, where they were unable to remove it and ended up calling Dr. Lakhani to take a look at it...he, instead of coming to the hosp., called on the telephone and told me to bring her to his office in 2 days so he could look at it (this is 2 pm on Christmas Eve)... 2 completely agonizing days later, I brought her into his office, but not after sitting in the lobby for 2 hours...after looking at her eye, he started saying things like, &quot;I really don't know what it looked like 2 days ago&quot; and &quot;time is of the essence&quot;, which was mind-boggling to me that he felt this way now...he actually tried to remove it with tweezers, figuring she would not move at all...she was taken into surgery that night and is now, for the most part, ok...but she was left with a scar that may have been reduced had he come in to look at her the first time I brought her in...  		1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
99	1	Dr.Lalla performed the full tummy tuck surgery and breast enlargement surgery. I have the whole thing done in the same time. O! I also got my face lift with the newest technology using my own fat cells.        Dr Lala and his wife Gina, who is also a Certified Nurse Practitioner and Registered Nurse, went over the entire procedure with me. I come out stunning! I love myself now .What a job he did on my ugly body! And Ok it is some pain but you got the meds to reduce it and I would do it again even though I know about it.  The office stuff make you feel at home Thank you all. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
99	1	After visiting many different doctors I felt the most comfortable with Dr. lalla. Glad I went with him. So happy with the results everyone compliments me and my procedures look so natural.  The office is great and so helpful and caring, you really feel they care about you and your comfort. Dr. Lalla took the time to explain everything and walked me through the whole process.  If you are looking for a wonderful caring doctor who does great work this is the place and Dr. Lalla is for you. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
99	1	I went to Dr. Lalla originally for a Breast Reduction/Lift. I was so happy with my results. When I returned to Dr. Lalla for my followup visit, he had the misfortune of telling me that I had Breast cancer. He an Gina were both very compasionate and pointed me in the direction I needed to go. I have since had a Bi-Lateral Mastectomy and immediate reconstruction by Dr. Lalla. I have had a wonderful experince with the Dr. and his staff even given the circumstances.I really Don't know what I would have been like without them. I have since referred two other friends and family members to him. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
99	1	I had a tummy tuck and lipo a month ago.Was recomended by a friend who had the same procedure.And when i tell i feel great a bout myself i feel great!!!!Haven't felt this good about myself in years.Thanks to Dr.Lalla. He is a fantastic and caring Dr.and gives you his undivided attention to make you happy and gives you your moneys worth.I recomend him to anyone out there that wants to feel good about themself.And gina was very helpful and also called me at home to follow up.They also have a great staff.(Feeling great about myself :)Again Thank Dr. Lalla 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
99	1	I had a tummy tuck &amp; lipo about 2 wks ago and I couldn't be happier w/ my results! Dr. Lalla &amp; his staff is the best! Everything was just as he promised &amp; Gina was very helpful &amp; knowledgeable as well.  She followed up after the procedure and made me feel very comfortable!, I think that the services were well worth the money! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
99	1	Dr. Lalla was great. I had breast reduction recently and he followed up and called me after leaving the hospital to see how I was doing. He is easy to talk to and very knowledgable. It has only been two weeks, but so far I am very pleased with my results! 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
99	1	Dr Lalla is incredible!! He performed liposuction on my hips and belly.  I am so happy with the results.  This summer I will be able to wear a bikini and feel good about myself.  Dr Lalla is a excellent surgeon, is warm and very easy to talk too! His office staff are professional and well trained!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
99	1	Dr. Lalla performed a tummy tuck and breast augmentation (mommy make-over) on me 5 weeks ago. He did a PHENOMENAL job. My anesthesiologist even commented that of several plastic surgeons she's observed, his technique was superb. He is extremely attentive to detail, is very knowledgeable, and on top of that has a caring, compassionate bedside manner. I'm a nurse, and found Dr. Lalla to be extremely professional. I HIGHLY recommend him. 	 12/8/09	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
99	1	I had a great experience with Dr. Lalla. I had minor surgery on my ears and cheek.  There were no scars and  he was extremely caring. I have referred other people to him. 	 12/6/09	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
99	-1	I could not be more unhappy with Dr. Lalla. We have done 2 procedures twice. As an adult male (over 50) I finally saved enough for a nose job and gynecomastia surgery. No one includung family, friends as well as myself can see any difference. NONE. total and complete waste of hard earned money. i am going to seek another physician who hopefully can tell me what went wrong and how the job should have been done th first time. Hour plus office waiting time in JC,NJ, 5 mins when you see him and you feel rushed out the door. TWO TIMES, same result. Never expected to look like a movie star but for $11,000 can I at least see something. Go anywhere else but him. Shop around, ask for pictures and real referrals. DON'T WASTE TIME OR $$$ 	2	1	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
100	0	I asked her to look at a rash, and she had no idea what it was. WEBMD helped more. Maybe she should finish med school first. 	1	1	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
100	1	. since 1996 in nutley nj great doctor very caring very nice on the eyes also goes above an beyond for you 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
100	1	Dr. Lacara is great! As the victim of a terrible malpractice incident, I am very wary of doctors, but went to Dr. Lacara after reading the reviews here.  She spent plenty of time with me, took a full family history, and answered all of my questions.  The practice also has a very convenient online system where you can view your medical records, prescription history, lab results, etc.  I requested a refill online at 11pm and it was ready at the pharmacy the next morning.  Highly recommended doctor, great personality, attentive staff, nice office, and very convenient hours/location.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
100	1	Finding a doctor I trust and feel comfortable with is so important to me and Ive found that in Dr. Lacara. She took time with me and answered all my questions. I'm very pleased with her.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
100	1	Dr. LaCara was very helpful after my skiing accident. I had a lot of pain after a terrific fall, but the visible symptoms seemed minor to me. She insisted that I go see an Orthopaedic surgeon. She was right. Five days later I could hardly walk. She further explained that I should call back the orthopaedic specialist and advise him that I had a great deal of bruising appearing. I did so, and again she was right. The other doctor commented that my regular doctor must be very good to have made these observations. Dr. LaCara also provided me with the proper medications that were warranted for the degree of pain I was in. Other doctors I have had in the past were too conservative and forced me to sit in agony. When I called for a refill, Dr. LaCara asked all the right questions to ensure that I wasn't abusing the medication, which, I assure you, I was not. She made me feel as though she trusted my opinions and observations, something i hadn't often experienced in this area of the country.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
100	1	I have been seeing Dr. Lacara for about 6 months now. She is very easy to talk to even in uncomfortable situations. She listens to what you have to say and takes your thoughts seriously. She always gets back to you quickly as well. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
100	1	Very much enjoy having Dr Lacara as my primary care physician.  Unlike most Drs, she listens and hears what is being said and discusses your issues with you, not telling you what you HAVE to do.  Every Dr should have the same type of &quot;Bed side&quot; manner.  Referrals/recommendations for specialists have resulted in positive outcomes.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
100	1	I'd been searcing for a new doctor, after visting with Dr. Lacara, my search ended. I couldn't have ask for a better doctor. She is knowledegable and is very comfortable to talk to with. If you are looking for doctor or just a one time visit stop by her office. You won't be sorry.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
100	1	She is by far the best DOCTOR! im sorry she is soo patient with you and understanding and she takes Time with you and makes sure you recieve your Rx's and Service as well also on time thers no other Dr i would ask for =] its always a pleasure working with her 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
100	1	Part of the Town Medical Associates, Dr. Lacara is very personable, she spends time with her patients, and cares about your ailments.  She is very hip and great with all ages.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
