dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
3	1	 I loved Dr. Kaploe...I am so sorry to say he is no longer at that practice..no longer in Arkansas at all I believe..he was amazing and very, very down to earth and had a vast amount of knowledge and was never afraid to pull you into his office and educate you on what was wrong with you and always pushed nutrition before medication.. I will personally miss him!! 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
3	1	commentsAwesome Doctor!!! Friendly, knowledgeable and not afraid to admit that he doesn't know everything but will find the answer out for you. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	commentsHe is a very caring doctor. He has been of great assistance to our entire family during and after a medical crisis. He was the on call doctor for the clinic when we had our medical crisis and we have made him our family doctor 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	 Saved my life on first visit. Diagnosed Appendicitis without any signs or without CT scan.  		5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNAPaid/Co-pay:$2500
3	1	commentsThe first doctor I've met who actually listened to you and didn't blow off your concerns. 		4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
6	0	commentsHe's a very nice guy but seems to be too busy to spend any time with me. I almost never see him, but his nurse instead, and so far none of the treatments have worked for me (obviously not his fault). I feel like he is giving up on me sometimes. 	4	3	3	3	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	 I was nervous, until he walked in the room. Very kind and reassuring. Fantastic doctor.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
6	1	 Excellent doctor! Would absolutely suggest him to everyone.  He is very funny and makes you feel comfortable.  Never once did I worry about my procedure. Finally a doctor that listens and was truly interested in finding out what was wrong.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
6	1	 What a nice guy.  Listens well and is caring.  He even figured out what was wrong with me!  I needed a colonoscopy, and he promised me a safe, comfortable &quot;trip to Aruba.&quot;  I didn't feel a thing.  I'd recommend him to anyone.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
6	1	 Dr. Mike is really friendly and smart.  On my first visit he spent enough time and really listened to me, unlike some of my other doctors.  He did my colonoscopy and I didn't feel a thing.  I feel I can trust him to take good care of me and I'd recommend him to anyone.  	3	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
19	-1	 I went to Dr. Kahan for libido issues, and asked him to prescribe a PDE-5 inhibitor because of the erection and libido issues I was still facing despite prolactinoma treatment. He told me that he would not prescribe a ED med because it would condition me mentally to NEED it. He also told me that prolactin does not affect male libido!!! THIS IS SCARY!!! Prolactin is tied immensely to male libido, and is the reason males have a refractory period (also is tied to evolutionary psychology - refractory period was to prevent males from having sex so often, and geared them toward obtaining food). I question whether of not Dr. Kahan, as a urologist, paid attention in med school.  	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$15
20	-1	commentsDr. Kale has great credentials but that/'s about it. She misdiagnosed my 86-year old father who presented with epigastric complaints as being constipated. She refused to admit him for observation and sent him home at 2 in the morning in the middle of a snowstorm. He had emergency surgery for a perforated duodenal ulcer the following day and died 14 days later. I would go to a veterinarian before being seen by Dr. Kale... 		1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	 I have been bringing my son to dr. Kaupp since 2005 and I have nothing but great things to say about this man! He has always given us his time without making us feel rushed, even though I am certain he had other people waiting. He has gone way above and beyond for my family more than once over the years and I will forever be greatful to this fabulous dr. ! 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
22	1	 Dr. Kaupp is the best doctor, I have ever met. Both my daughter and son are patients of him. He gives all the attention to our concerns about our kids and provides the best care whether the concern is related to medical or behavior. He relates lot of his personal stories to provide comfort and sense of relief.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
22	1	 Greg is the best doctor I have ever had.  He is interested in my health and plays an active role in my battle against type 2 diabetes.  Very attentive to my needs and makes me feel very comfortable talking about anything.   A+ 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
22	1	 Attentive and friendly. Ready to spend time with patient despite his tight schedule.  Difficult to get a non-urgent appointment.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:$15
22	1	 Gregory Kaupp is a very good doctor -one of the best doctors.Very Very knowledgeable.It is hard to get last minute sick appointments with him.That is obvious, but regardless of everything he is a very good doctor, very kind, very sharp and he can totally understand the parents as wella s the childs condition.When he provides a solution to a problem it is absolutely the best.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	1	commentsI also think Dr. Kaupp is a good dr. But also want to clarify the point that he was always both an internal medicine and pediatric doctor. He went to school for both at the same time. 	4	4	4	4	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	 I'm in my 40s and my daughter is almost 3 and we both like being patients of Dr. Kaupp. I like that he is professional, knowledgeable, and takes the time for &quot;whole person&quot; checkups and treatment of root causes. My daughter says he's funny and very very nice.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$20
22	1	 I disagree completely with the other adult assessment.  I am an adult also and was his patient before he became a pediatric specialist.  I would say the exact oppposite of the other evauation.  Dr Kaupp is reluctant to prescribe drugs and prefers to find root cause.  He is personable and spends time with his patients.  I had another Dr in Nashua before Dr. Kaupp and he is head and shoulders more attentive than my previous Dr.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	1	commentsI have a checkered history with this doctor, who became a pediatric specialist after I (an adult) began seeing him. Friendly but somewhat impersonal, content to prescribe medications rather than delve into larger health issues. Office support staff has made a high number of errors, eg, neglecting to pass along test results and passing erroneous insurance info to referred specialists. 	2	5	5	3	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	 Unbelievable pediatrician. Says in bedford but in nashua unless there is another gregory Kaupp.  Takes his time, very knowledgable, and kids love him.   Highly recommend him, only problem is hard to get a last minute sickness appointment with him, usually with one of his partners 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
26	1	commentsVery nice MD and staff, very didicated to helping the community. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
30	-1	 This doctor did not listen to my issues and seemed to be high. Completely untrustworthy.  	5	4	1	1	Insurance:CIGNA
30	-1	commentstotally clueless! She seemes to be on something, and offered absoutely no help for me. 	5	5	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	comments 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	 These people are fantastic!  They are personable and actually remember you and your child.  I don't have to spend the first 20 minutes of our visit answering questions that I have already answered.  My 5 year old has many problems with his teeth and was scared to death by the dentist after having a tooth pulled.  Dr. Kalali was the only one who was able to get the job done and work with him so that he is again comfortable with the dentist.   Thank you so much! 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
37	1	 we do not use dr.kalili anymore.everytime we had an appointment the dr. came in 20 to 25 min. late!this is very unprofessional.the assistants were always helpful but low patience for the children.  	4	1	4	3	Insurance:Aetna
37	-1	 She treated my son. He was very afraid and they held him down. He had some cavities and they were supposedly cleaned and filled, but seeing him so afraid we searched for another pediatric dentist who found out he still had cavities and the only solution was to pull out 2 molars. So I do not recommend her to anyone.  	1	3	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$200
37	1	commentsGreat doctor, very patient with the kids. I have 2 kids and they HATE the dentist but they actually enjoy going to her because she's so nice to them and her staff explains everything to my kids. I actually gave her permission to hold my kid down if necessary because I'm guessing that it's probably not a good idea to let your kid kick around while a dentist has sharp instraments down their throat! I would definitely recommend her to everone! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
37	-1	commentsExtremely rude and unprofessional.  My son's first visit went ok but his second he was a little nervous.  He didn't like the taste of the flouride treatment and instead of working with him they held him down to do the treatment.  Then continued to hold him down for flossing.  Then told him they didn't think he deserved a toy afterwords.  I thought she was a pediatric dentist, was I wrong! 	2	4	1	3	Insurance:Unknown
44	-1	 The only thing this guy is good at is buying shoes. I swear I've seen him twice and each time he wore different pair of designer shoes. His social skills are lacking and I found him just shy of offensive. He correctly diagnosed my outer ear infection, but being prone to them I knew the problem and cause. He elected to prescribe the most expensive medication available. While effective, quite out of reach had I not had insurance. He never even inquired if I could afford a $300 medication.  	3	3	2	2	Insurance:Anthem
44	-1	 There was an epidemic of bronchial infections around Plymouth State University, and after being very sick with a hacking, productive cough and a fever of 102, I made an emergency appointment with Dr. Karanouh. After determining it was not influenza, he casually told me it was &quot;a bad cold&quot;. When I asked if I should stay home from work or go back, he cocked his head to one side and said with a smirk, &quot;Ok - how many days off do you want&#63;&quot;. I was seriously offended at the implication that I was making my illness up, but tried to go back to work since he didn't feel it was important for me to stay home. After being at work for a few hours, I had to leave due to dizziness and a spike in my fever. Later - after consulting the University's health clinic for an unrelated issue, I was told that the health center had been referring to my illness as an Acute Bronchial Infection, and that the University staff who were familiar with Dr. Karanouh referred to him as &quot;Quack Karanouh&quot;.  	1	3	1	1	Insurance:CIGNAPaid/Co-pay:$10
60	0	commentsVery humiliating experiance!  I was treated like a hypocondriac and made to feel like a idiot with every symptom I have.  I was told &quot;if you want to make a big deal about this..&quot;  My symptoms are a big deal.  If you are concerned about hypothroidism do not waste your time with Dr Kamil, he will just belittle you for the entire appointment. 	5	4	1	4	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	 Dr katragadda is the best doctor I Have been able to work with in a long time.The only difficult thing is trying to spell his name..lol.he is quick to get back to me,always on time for my apts and I never have to wait more than 5 min.he listens and gives his response but always seems to give a honest and positive response.even a negative  comment is given back with respect and in a very non evasive way.i actually look forward to my visits.His office is clean,pleasant and staff is always smiling.I have never had a hassle or issue.If questions do arise he is quick to contact you himself to rectify any issue.If you are serious out getting treatment  and just living a great addiction free  life Dr Katragadda(Dr. K) is the best fit for you.I refer him to anyone..even my family and friends.Hes a Dr. That while on treatment is the perfect addition to your life.                     *****....FIVE STARS...I hope you choose him as a perfect addition to your new addiction free life and family.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	1	commentsWonderful and completely committed  person. Definately has great outlook for his patients. In my specific case the state has ordered drug screenings. His practice does not offer this however he forwards my screenings through a diferent office where he can closly follow. I am glad to have found this dr. Would reccomend him to any one with an opiate dependance. 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	 Donair (doner or Donar), Gyros, and Schwarma are all pretty much the same thing. The Doner Kebab (probably the closest original ethnic food to the American invention, the Gyro) is originally from Turkey. The gyro is an American invention which is basically a cheap version of a traditional Greek Kebab (the main difference is that the Greek one would use large pieces of boned lamb, pressed together using its own fat as a binder, and marinated, whereas Gyro uses ground meat.) The Schwarma is a version from the Middle East that is much larger, uses a similar meat to the Greek kebab, but less meat and more vegetables in the kebab itself.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
62	1	 Clear/frank communication about outcomes.Does not mind revealing his and his field's limitations.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
62	1	 Very caring doctor who listens attentively to your problem and discuss potential optional solutions.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
63	-1	 PLEASE!!!bewareof this Dr. he is put me on methadone for BACKPAIN @ 18yrs. old and after awhile i realize  i needed serious help, and this Dr. just stop perscribing them all of a sudden he knew i would be sick but never informed me!!! STAY AWAY FROM THIS DR.  HE ALMOST COST ME MY LIFE,he is  getting $ for it because he gives them to everyone! beware 	2	1	1	1	Insurance:Medicare
63	1	comments 	4	2	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	commentsShe helped us through our pregnancy pretty smoothly. She is very knowledgeable and to-the-point. Sometimes her to-the-point response may seem less sensitive but that is clearly not the case. She is very clear in her diagnosis. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	 I recently had my first child and being skeptical of doctors and doctor offices due to bad experiences in the past, Dr. Kanter and her office staff are wonderful.  Had it not been for their professionalism and caring attitudes, I believe my pregnancy experience wouldn't have been as enjoyable.  Not only were the office staff wonderful, I rarely had to give my name when walking into the office other than the first few inital visits, as they knew my name.  I look forward to a wonderful doctor/patient relationship going forward.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
68	-1	 Please do not consider Dr. Kanter to deliver your baby.  My wife and I had a horrible, awkward and uncomfortable experience with her.  Dr. Kanter was not our primary doctor.  Maybe she’s nicer to her own clients&#63;  During the delivery she sat slouched in a corner chair and complained the entire time.  She never once addressed my wife by her name.  She kept pointing and referring to my wife as “she” and “her”.  After 15-20 minutes of her apparent frustration that the baby had not arrived she decided to abandon the delivery.   I warned that my wife labors (we have 3 kids) very quickly and the baby will be here any minute.  The Dr. (in front of my wife) told the staff “she not pushing right”, rudely dispatched the staff and told the staff she needs to labor down for an HOUR!    Within 5 contractions later and no staff our daughter started to arrive.  I ran for help and grabbed a nurse who called the doctor back.   What should have been a wonderful moment in our lives was destroyed.  	4	4	1	2	Insurance:Tufts
68	1	.  excellent doctor-we had a great delivery experience and can't wait to have our second baby with her 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
68	-1	 I saw Dr Kanter during my first pregnancy,Because of her my husband and I lost our baby girl zoie who was born still at 40 weeks. I called dr kanter after not feeling movement and was told to come in to make sure my baby was still alive. Who says that!! Than upon finding out she passed away Dr Kanter was extremly cold towards us. During labor she was 10 lbs and suffered extreme shoulder dystocia.A week before she had said she'd be no larger than 7.We were than told that I had gestational diabetes. We later found that I had been a borderline gestational diabetic early in the pregnancy and should have been retested as it gets worse. A year later we welcomed a healthy 7 lb baby girl thanks to my new dr properly diagnosing my gestational diabetes.I have been told that if it had been diagnosed we would be holding our daughter right now. This could have been prevented and my husband and I will never forgive Dr Kanter or her practice. DO NOT TAKE THE CHANCE!! a babies life is too important.  	1	3	1	1	Insurance:CIGNA
68	1	 Very pleased with the professionalism and the courtesy of all.  I leave the office feeling secure in my visit and all of my questions have been answered; if I should have one that is not answered at the time of the visit, they follow up in a timely manner.   They are an excellent example of true customer service and caring. I recommend this office to all I know.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
68	-1	.  I had this doctor throughout my first pregnancy and she was not helpful at all nor answered any of my questions she was a horrible doctor just wanted me in and out 	4	3	1	3	Insurance:Medicare
68	1	commentsDr. Kanter is great! She delivered both my children and I highly recommend her for anyone. I was sad when she moved her office out of Derry, but would definetly travel to Nashua to keep her as my Dr. She is very easy to talk to, understanding, and helpful with any questions or concerns. Thank you Dr. Kanter for helping me through my 2 pregnancys! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	 Dr Kanter is great.  She was able to diagnose me with in minutes compared to my PCP who kept running test.  She explained her diagnosis, and laid out the treatment plan.  To date, I am feeling great, and I credit her knowledge with why I am feeling 100% better.  	5	3	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
68	1	 Great Doctor.  I felt from the very first consult that she did a wonderful job assessing me as a patient and conversed with me in a way that best suited me.  Very direct and candid.  If this approach makes you uncomfortable most likely not the Doctor for you.  I would recommend Dr.  Kanter to any of my loved ones and feel confident that they would be recieve quality care!  My surgery was a great success! 	4	3	5	5	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
68	1	 Dr.Kanter is great! She just performed my surgery and she was there to answer all my questions and reassure me with my concerns through this process. She is very thorough and to the point, but still has the compassion that is comforting.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
68	1	 so far so good. she has been great.  I will let you know more when i get pregnant in the fall 	4	3	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$15
68	1	 Awsome doctor! Very confident. Easy to talk to and ask any questions. She cares about your overall health, not just OB/GYN. I followed her from Derry to Nashua and I am sooo glad I did! She is the only OB/GYN doctor I have ever felt comfortable with.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
68	1	 Dr. Kanter is a great OB/GYN. She delivered my son in Derry and literally saved both of our lives. She is very attentive and extremely thorough. I was thrilled when she moved to Nashua. I would recommend her to anyone looking for a new OB.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	-1	.  I did not care for her, she was very rude, not once but twice, never went back to see her again !!! 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	1	 Dr Kanter is very nice but her bedside manner could use some softening. She knows what she is doing and is very professional and confident. I felt like the conversations were one-way and she wasn't willing to look at viewpoints that were different than her own. She is very well suited to someone looking for an authoritarian type doctor.  	3	3	3	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	1	 She is a great doc.  I transferred with her last year from Derry.  	3	5	5	5	Insurance:Tufts
73	1	 Very knowledgeable. Spent a great deal of time talking me through my problems. The wait to see him was definitely worth it.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
73	1	comments 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	commentsI have had 3 colonoscopy's by Dr Karagiannis. I am confident that if there is something there, he will find it. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	.  ALWAYS a wait - regardless of time of day or time of year! 	4	1	4	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$20
81	1	 He did an endoscopy on my husband and found a spot on his esophagas,that he thought could be cancerous.He sent him to a wonderful Dr. at Mass. General,for a second opinion.It did turn cancerous within about 4 months and they operated right away and got it all.Thank God for Dr. Karagiannis and the Great Dr. at Mass. General,that he had sent him to.  		5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
87	1	commentsDr. Karelitz has been my dentist for over 24 years, and I when he retires, so will my teeth!!! 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	 I like him a lot, he is always willing to help. I can call him and leave a message and he gets right back to me and then we make an appointment to figure out whatever is going on.  	3	3	5	5	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
88	-1	 Horrible doctor. I scheduled an appointment with him, and he bailed on me even though he was still in his office! Avoid at all costs.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
88	1	.  Very Caring and accomodating 		5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
97	1	 Dr.K is a great Dr. I had really bad feet and would practicly crawl into his office begging for a nerve block. I had two surgies on the nerves and even though the odds werelow of them working I chose to go ahead w/it they didn't work and I'm disabled due to a sever nerve disorder but Dr. K was always there two help Thank you DOCTOR KASYJANSKI! 	5	5	5	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
97	1	 Wonderful personality,very good Doctor.  		5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
