dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	very professional,seems to show interest in patient,very through in evaulating prognosis.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
1	1	Dr was helpful and helped with my foot pain. But Dr seemed very rushed in recent visit,  she sent me for x-rays a few weeks before this visit but didn't review results or make any mention in the follow up visit. 	5	5	3	5 	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	Great doctor, very reliable, took her time.  Highly recommend her 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
1	1	After visiting two podiatrists before, she was finally able to relieve my pain and I did not have to give up nursing my baby which the other doctors suggested. She was very friendly and flexible. The office was supposed to be closed for renovations that day and she still took her time for the procedure.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
1	1	Made my painful foot experience quite pleasant; planning on scheduling my surgery with Dr. Itenberg.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	1	She seemed knowledgeable and understanding of my problems. My foot and ankle feel much better now. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	I have had a terrible experience with the office staff in when they are faxing in a script to the pharmacy.  Mainly, the staff is not very punctual. 	1	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	I saw him 3 times and really liked him.  He listens and doesnt try to push you out the door!! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
3	1	I have seen Dr. Igari for my last 3 colonscopies. I suffer from Crohn's disease and I am a colon cancer survivor. She has always been kind and professional, although usually always busy without a lot of time. I have read her notes on my procedures and have found very detailed summaries and descriptions. I had a physician once who was funny, talkative and although he was kind, he didn't take me seriously enough and I ended up becoming very ill. My exp with physicians these days has shown that none of them have a lot of time to spend. They are pushed to do more to make up for the health insurance companies lack of adequate payment. 	3	5	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	-1	No bedside manner what-so-ever. I've struggled with UC for 13 years and have been in a terrible flare for two months. After getting out of my colonoscopy and coming out of anesthesia, she stands there to tell me that there is inflammation that needs to be taken care of otherwise I'd need a colectomy. Uhm. Ok. What a nice thing to say to someone who is and has been in pain and can barely speak coherently due to the anesthesia! She also didn't take the time to go over her findings with me at all. Seemed like she was in a rush. I'm going to be switching doctors. 	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
3	-1	Not a good experience.  6 minute visit, with no physical exam at all.  she told me that my symptoms were &quot;outside her scope of practice&quot; and to come back in 1 year.  My symptoms were all abdominal.  Found new GI who was surprised by her comments.  1 week later i was diagnosed with celiac disease and had had my gallbladder and appendix removed. Feeling good now, but no thanks to Dr. Igari...  	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
4	-1	I went to Dr Ihm for ear problems (tinnitus, hearing loss, etc).  He said I had a problem with my Eustachian tube and sent me home with some home remedies, never doing any tests or anything.  Not very thorough, seemed to rush me out of there.  After several tests by a different Doctor including hearing tests, Hearing and Balance Test and MRI I was diagnosed with Meniere's Disease.  	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
4	1	Peter Ihm is a fantastic doctor. My kids (ages 6 &amp; 7) LOVE going to see him. Highly recommend for all your family members.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
4	1	Dr. Ihm ROCKS!  As a nervous 40+ year old having her tonsils checked and eventually removed, he carefully listened to me and took time to answer all my questions and concerns.  He is always on time and is so smart.  Never made me feel like there was a stupid question.  Professional, kind and very pleasant to deal with.  Would highly recommend to any age.  Also saw him previously for hearing issues and my experience was the same.   Excellent doctor! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Harvard-Pilgim
4	1	Excellent doctor.  Has incredible interpersonal skills as well.  Took care of an emergency situation with our daughter.  Awesome doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	He provided excellent care for my 1 year old son who is now 3. He is very good with him. My son never cried once during an examination and I really believe it has to do with Dr. Ihm's nature. He has made all the difference for my son who is doing very well now. He listens to all my concerns and offers advice. I never feel rushed and the staff and nurses are terrific as well. He is highly recommended as a Dr. and a Surgeon. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	-1	This man is a horrible doctor. He doesn't do anything himself except walk in and sign forms. He stuck my sister so many times trying to find a vein that she had blood just running down her arms. He never even remembers why I'm there or pays any attention to me. I fractured my hand and he wouldn't x-ray it.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	Very comfortable, friendly office. Thoughtful diagnoses, always. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	-1	Miss diagnosed my issue.  Had to go to a specialist to get an accurate diagnosis 	5	3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
