dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	-1	 I absolutly would NOT recomend him. We drive 200 miles away since he is the only neurolgist in town at this time.  	3	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	-1	commentsThe doctor spoke with me for less than ten minutes and did not listen to my medical background information nor address my concerns. 	2	5	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	.  She very good with her paitents she never angry in she very good with my nieces 	4	3	5	4	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
2	1	 Listens to her Patients. Knowledgeable, skilled willing to  research when needed. Helped me through Cancer and was there when I needed to ask questions.  Wonderful person! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
2	-1	commentsover looked alot of my injures after a car accident..stating it was normal and was not. 		1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	commentsGreat bed side manner with teenage girls. 		2	5	4	Insurance:Unknown
15	-1	 Dr. was very rude and make fun of heavy people.Told me if i had knee surgery it would only get me to the fridge faster.  	4	2	1	1	Insurance:Medicare
20	1	 Dr LaQua is very thurough during her examinations. If she doesn't know she takes to time to ACTUALLY perform TESTS! Some doctors make guesses and throw drugs at it, but she does not. Dr LaQua is also a wonderful doctor for pregnant women. She has delivered hundreds of babies and knows the caring process. One thing that is annoying is that she is such a good doctor, if you call in for some info, her nurse gets back to you like 3 days later. :| Not so helpful. Other than that, she is wonderful.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$156
46	-1	 Very rude, seemed to busy. Does not explore other options. Makes Diagnosis and that's what it is no matter what other symptoms you have. Not very understanding about pain management.  	1	1	2	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
46	-1	 Very discourteous ___. Very opinionated. His knowledge dates back to when he finished medical school (I hope...). Not recommended even though he's the only rheumatologist in town. I'd rather go back to Montana to be treated.  		1	1	1	Insurance:United Healthcare
52	1	 Dr. Lang is always patient and really listens. The staff at the location is friendly and very efficient. I never have to wait very long and my visits have always been good- he knew what was wrong and how to treat it quickly, economically and thoroughly.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
54	-1	commentsOn August 27, 2008, Dr. Lee's medical license was revoked by the state Board of Medical Examiners for sloppy handling of addictive painkillers and overbilling the North Dakota Medicaid program. Dr. Lee has accepted responsibility for his actions but states that he never intended to harm anyone. 	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	commentsVery caring, extremely knowledgeable and interested in why I was visiting his clinic.  He took the time that no other provider in town has because of my lack of insurance and available cash.  Great Experience! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	 Best Doctor in Fargo, quick and easy to be seen, no appointment needed just walk in usually your done in 20 minutes or so. And if you don't have insurance its only $48 for a visit.   And they have an INSTY-MED prescription vending machine right in the office so you can get your scripts without going to a pharmacy, very convenient! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:MedicarePaid/Co-pay:$10
64	0	commentsConvienient Paid/Co-pay:$10000	4	5	3	3	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	commentsDr. Lange was my son's well-baby doctor and I have never had a doctor invest so much time into their patient.  She made great efforts to put him at ease so he would be relaxed for his check up and his shots.  She also took the time to watch him crawl or play or whatever he was doing as we talked so she could observe his normal activities.  She gave great advice for his growing phases without being pushy.  I would definitely recommend her to anyone. 	4	5	5	4	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	 Dr. Lanchbury helped me with multiple medical problems, and after seeking help from many other physicians, I finally got the help i needed. It was mostly food and diet related.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
72	1	commentsDr. Lanchbury shows concern for the patient.  He would rather use natural remedies than prescription drugs, and spend much time explaining treatments to the patient. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
72	-1	commentsHe treated my mother in MT. The family felt he overprescribed her narcotic drugs. He was convicted at an Army court-martial in Bosnia of drug use and of stealing 119 small containers of morphine and more than 60 other drug tablets. 	3	3	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
74	1	commentsWonderful, highly competent and professional dentist, and staff also first rate. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
80	-1	 Worst Urologist that I have ever met.  He was rude and unsympathetic to me.  He recomended a surgery that I almost went through with.  He did not explain the condition to me throughly or go through what my condition would be like after the surgery.  Needless to say, I made the staff take out the needles in my arm and I left the hospital that day.  I will never go back and do not recomend that anyone puts their lives in the hands of this doctor.  I went to a real urologist and he explained that I did not need surgery and that the risks of the operation are greater than the benefits.   Be careful with this guy! 	2	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
80	0	commentsHe does not readily offer his knowledge to help you understand your condition; although, he is knowledgeable.  His approach is inconsistent i.e., he can be rude and flippant at times but decent at other times. 	4	4	2	3	Insurance:Unknown
80	0	 He was patronizing and talked down to me as a parent and health care worker.  Left crying and never looked back.  Found another urologist.   I'm sure he is very knowledgeable but did not share his knownledge 	5	4	2	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
80	-1	 Terrible urologist. Perforated my uretor causing me to lose that kidney.  Very rude to me and the nurses, unsympathetic to pain management 	4	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
80	1	 Best urologist I have seen to date! Very thorough, polite, and explains things that a lay person can understand.  Hope we keep him in Grand Forks!! 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
80	1	 Excellent nursing staff; Dr.  uses plain english and makes things very easy to understand 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
91	1	 Great attitude, always made me smile, made cancer a lot easier to deal with.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
99	1	 She deliverd both of my children, both c-section.  I could no ask for a better doctor. Both of my c-section scars are thin and can hardly be seen.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
99	1	 Dr. lachance wasmy OB GYN when I was pregnant with my son back in 2003. As a first time mother, Ifelt very at ease with her and was dissappointed she wasn't the doctor on call when I delivered.  She has been my GYN since then and I can't imagine seeing anyone else 		4	4	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
99	1	 Dr. LaChance is a very soft spoken, &quot;to the point&quot; doctor who is very knowledgeable and seems to be proactive in her treatments. She successfully delivered my daughter in '03, and it was a very difficult delivery. She is always on time for her appointments (unless she is delivering a baby!).  		5	4	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
