dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	commentsDr. Page is awesome but I agree with the first reviewer - she is way too good for UNC Family Practice, which is too big, too much like a public health clinic, too difficult to get through to your own doctor and often the staff is too rude. Heartbreaking - she's one of the best! 		4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	commentsDr. Page is young and energetic and very very caring. I highly recommend her. The UNC family practice is huge and that can be a drawback. The front office staff is incredibly rude. Dr. Page should move practices- she's too good for that place. 		4	4	4	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	 She was my first OBGYN.  I was scared to death, and she was so reassuring.  Great bedside manor.  Won't have anxiety about the next appointment.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
11	1	 Exellent bedside manner- very knowledgeable and caring. Dr. Pacicco truly cares about her patients and went the extra mile to help my son. I would highly recommend her to anyone looking for a good pediatrician for their child.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	-1	 WORST DOCTORS EVER. Cannon and Paige. Got the impression they are racist.Were not helpful at all. I would never ever see them again. Treated me like I were trash..  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	-1	 I have been to this practice for several years for paps etc. I am recently pregnant and I called to make my first OBGYN apt.  I was told to wait for two and a half more weeks for this, which put me at 8 weeks pregnant, before being seen as to ensure a heartbeat upon the ultrasound.  When I got to the office the rude med assistant told me that they don't do that there and I was just getting swabbed and blood work.  My husband had taken off work to go with me to this appt.  When the doctor came in she was rude and never even said congratulations to me.  I am a caucasion female and I got the overall impression that this office prefers to treat and hire african americans due to how i saw the doctor interact with another african american patient.  I had never notices this before, but I plan on going to a doctor that gives me great quality of care and is courteous no matter my skin color! 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Aetna
16	-1	 I went to Dr Paige for the first time after being referred to her from my PCP. This is now making me question the judgement of my PCP. Her staff is nice, but I waited 40 minutes in the room before I was seen by her. I was a new patient, and the first thing she talked about was whether this would be covered by my insurance. She was not attentive, but rather cold. She hardly spoke the entire time. While I was waiting, a patient in the other room was sobbing uncontrollably which didn't make me feel any better. I don't like Dr. Paige and would never go back to her or ever refer her to anyone else.  I am also looking for a new PCP, as anyone who would refer such a person with the personality of a wooden spoon probably has issues of their own 	4	1	1	2	Insurance:Aetna
16	-1	commentsAside from her making us wait at least 45 minutes and her barely civil attitude, she is negligent. She missed my sons spina bifida by rushing through our ultrasounds. Had I not followed my instincts and changed doctors at 7 months along my son could have dies during birth and had I had one contraction his exposed spinal tissue would have been so badly damaged that he could never have a chance to walk. The defect was so large that it was detected immediately by our new doctors tech. None of the specialists could believe this had been missed, as it is present at 28 days after conception. Do the right thing for your family, choose another OBGYN. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
16	-1	 Dr. Paige did not listen to me, she told us the baby had a heartbeat when it didn't (died at 20 weeks) and we found out because we had a 4D ultrasound scheduled afterwards. She didn't take time to truly listen and passed off issues I was having that I expressed concern about. My blood pressure was high and she told me to go to CVS or Walgreens and check it and call her with problems. She was not connected to my pregnancy, she did not show compassion or empathy.  We feel that she withheld information that was very important, early on. She would ask &quot;me&quot; about the outcome of appts with referring doctors that she'd refer me to. When I went to the ER, the doctor on call refused to come down and see me and left me to the care of the emergency room doctor, then allowed me to return to work the same day.  Overall, a horrible experience!  I am pregnant again and pray with better care, I will have a better outcome! 	1	3	1	1	Insurance:Aetna
16	0	commentsi have to agree with some of the ratings.  As an obgyn, she is fine, nothing outstanding but gets the job done.  The problem is the wait.  She tends to run way behind ALWAYS, even compared to the other Dr.'s in the practice. If the care was so exceptional, the wait wouldn't matter but the care is standard so the wait time is not worth making an appointment with her.  There are other Dr.'s in the same practice that are wonderful and punctual. 	3	1	2	3	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	 I have only been to Dr. Paige twice so far.  her practice was recommended by several frineds who have recently went through the practice.  the each had different Doctor's but the same practice.  My main problem is the long wait. The first time I waited 30 minutes, the second time I ended up waiting 25 minutes in the waiting room then an additional 30 minutes sitting in the exam room.  I am giving the practice one more attempt before I move on.  I am satisfied with her skill and knowledge its just the wait time that is unacceptable.  	3	1	4	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	 In 1997, I met Dr. Paige and I adored her. In 1998, I was expecting my first child and she was starting her own practice. Dr. Paige delivered both of my children(six years apart)by c-section. Thereafter, when I tried to see Dr. Paige, I sometimes had to see someone else. One Friday night in 2007, I began to feel intense pain. I called the after hours line twice and gave detailed symptoms. No one called back. On Saturday, I called back one more time, thinking that Dr. Paige was not getting my message. One operator called back. She said that Dr. Paige did get the message but that she was not calling and she wasn't sure why. An hour later, Dr. Paige called. I told her that I had been calling and she said nothing. She told me if I felt that bad just go to UrgentCare and didn't ask to see me asap. I didn't go back but talked to a nurse about what happened. Paige never called. Months later, her office did send me a bill for $2. She's way too busy. After 10 years, it felt like a new doctor.  	5	3	3	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	0	 I personally would not recommend Dr. Paige or this practice in general. The first half of my pregnancy, the office was great, but throughout my second half, the wait times were ridiculous (a few times I waited a full hour before being seen). The few times I saw Dr. Paige, she acted like I was wasting her time. She ended up being the on call doctor when I delivered, and while she was much nicer to me when she checked in on me, she didn't do a very good job of actually CHECKING me, nor did she try very hard to ensure a vaginal birth for me. I ended up with a c-section and I was told by others that were present that she nearly passed out as she was stitching me up. Overall, I did not have a very enjoyable experience with this practice and I'll be going elsewhere for my future OB/GYN needs.  		3	3	3	Insurance:Aetna
16	1	 The only issue with Dr. Paige is the wait. I don't know if they over schedule, but I had to wait every time I went to the office. Otherwise, Dr. Paige is sweet and knowledgeable. She delivered my baby naturally with no issues. Very pleased with her.  		3	4	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	0	commentsHad to spend hours waiting just to see the doctor. Once he entered the room he only spent a few quick minutes with me then disappeared for a while. As soon as he finished my procedure he left the room and only came back to check on me briefly. I did not feel he adequately explained the procedure beforehand. Then when I complained about certain side effects he seemed puzzled and said he'd never heard someone complain of those side effects before. 	4	1	3	3	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	 Dr. Pak made me feel comfortable and showed genuine interest in my concerns.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	-1	commentsPabst put on a crown incorrectly and I had to go another dentist to repair the work that he did. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	 This doctor has helped me in areas that no other doctor has even attempted to do. He is very personable and is totally concerned with the patient's well being.  I highly recommend this doctor 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
37	1	commentsFriendly staff well equiped establishment and knowlegable Doctors. An excellent dental office.  My only con is that they are extremely expensive. I always had an additional payment no matter the service after insurance had paid their part, even for a routine cleaning. 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	 Wonderful Dentist! Great to have Dr.  Paderick back in Sanford! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
48	-1	 I went to heathmed and was told how my life would be better by 80% by Dr.Pai.I was treated worse than i have been in years,given injections and released with severe problems never to be acknowledged by HEALTHMED again.My advice is to continue looking for help because this place is a nightmre..  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
48	1	 I was scheduled to have neck surgery. Dr. Pai took the time to look at xrays and found what I needed to help my condition.  I cancelled my surgery! They are the best! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
48	1	 The most effective chiropractor I ever worked with. I am pain-free after two weeks of treatments, after 7 months of being hardly able to stand or walk for more than 20 minutes.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$30
49	1	commentsDr Mark Pace is a DO or Doctor of Osteopathic Medicine.  He is a straight shooter, he will tell you what you need to do about what is wrong with you and won't sugar coat it too much.  He has been my mom's Primary Care Provider for almost 2 years now.  I would HIGHLY recommend him to or for ANYONE'S mom.  He shows great concern and interest in my mom's care.  I just wish he was also specialized in other areas of medicine.  So far, other than the Dermatologist (who is also a DO), referrals have been to MD's, and there is a definite difference in the compassion and care for the patient, to include having patience with overly protective sons.  When we do have disagreements, he explains things so I can understand why things are the way they are.  He also accepts input about my observations, without over reacting and assuming the worse.  He’s done more for mom than her previous doctor (an MD) that I am told was paid $$$$ (by my sisters) to go testify against my mom at a competency hearing. 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
57	-1	commentsGo in for a simple surgery appendix you think and wake up and she has accidentally cut my urinary cord and kindly stapled it off for me now I'm looking at being out work for 4 to 6 weeks do you want a doc like this 	2	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	 What a wonderful caring doctor, I cannot say enough good things about Dr.  Susan Pabst 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
57	1	commentsAn absolutely wonderful surgeon and person. If ever I need any other surgery, she will be the first person I call. An out-of-town specialist did my first surgery, which had to be done over. Dr. Pabst did my second surgery and did an absolutely wonderful job. The difference in the recovery was so much better with Dr. Pabst. I can't say enough good things about her. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	commentsVery impressed with Dr. Pabst and the staff at her office- everyone has always been so helpful.  She is also a very comforting and nice surgeon to have if you are a woman! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	comments 	3	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	 Very  approachable,  very friendly,  helpful  in listening to my child's issues and my special situation and what I like most is that she treated my child and 'tuned'  the medication to least number of meds  over time.   That way, child ended with less medication  expenses and also  no side effects 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-CalPaid/Co-pay:$5
66	1	 Overall very good experience.  I felt my all of my questions and concerns were answered and I was very happy with Dr. Pai.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	-1	 When he diagnosed me instead of talking to me about my condition he sent me to the internet. He would NEVER discussed results of my test with me.  I still feel like I am in the dard about my condition 	5	2	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	-1	commentsThis was the worst experience I have ever had with a doctor.  He should not be allowed to practice medicine. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	 I love going to see Dr. Palermo and his staff at Matthews Dental.  I always feel welcomed and Dr. Palermo is not one to recommend unnecessary treatments like previous dentists I have seen.   He treats my whole family! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
85	1	commentsDr. Pai has been helpful in directing me to an agency who helps people with their medical costs when you have no medical insurance.  And that, I appreciate. 	5	5	5	3	Insurance:Unknown
85	-1	.   	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$300
96	-1	 Was referred for spinal treatment for multiple pre-existing degenerative conditions.  Was told pain is imaginary, could not afford medications (Celebrex) and said medication (Celebrex) required a urinalysis ($180).  Keeping up w/ exercises compared to whether or not I brushed my teeth daily.  No x-rays, MRIs ordered.  Told to take ibuprofen instead (cheaper) and have monthly blood work done to monitor liver levels for damage.  2 yr. long pain log, other x-rays not looked at.  Was offered device, at a reduced rate, to take home to administer shock treatment to myself to help with non-existent pain.  Also, had an incorrect history of the DEA (have family members in drug/law enforcement &amp; physicians/nurses) given when asked about nerve blockers.  I have scheduled an appt (& will pay cash) at a reputable spine center out of state.  	1	3	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
