dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	-1	 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	he is a wonderful doctor and very intelligent. He has done back surgery on my husband and brain surgery on me and we are very pleased.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
2	1	Absoulutely first rate. Promptness, patient care, very good bed-side manner, explanation, diagnosis, technique, follow-up, outcome. I dont want to recommend him to everyone, because I DON'T WANT HIM OVER-BOOKED WHEN I NEED HIM :) (hehe) (He's the best) 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	-1	Makes decisions based on his narrow knowledge and caused dalay in treatment.  Be careful 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
4	0	 	4	2	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	. She is fantastic 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
6	1	Very Helpfull. Charmming I would go back for more visits if I lived in the area.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	Performed a very comprehensive exam. I'm very happy with Dr. Schumacher 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	Young, but took the time to explain everything to me before my knee surgery. Everything went great and I was back jogging 3 weeks after my meniscus surgery. He called me to check up on me and was always nice and helpeful after my surgery as well. Very nice young man.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
8	1	Very helpful and knowledgable. Great bedside manner. Took time out to answer all my questions.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
9	-1	this physician could not diagnose anything; did not refer to correct physician.  incapapble of helping truly ill patients.   do not use!!!! 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	-1	I went to him for suspected sinus infection in January 2010. He never did an exam. He just made a snide remark about my weight!! And then wrote out a prescription for an antibiotic and left. He spent about 3-4 minutes with me. He has the worst bedside manner!!! I wrote to the Mid Dakota administration, but never did receive an answer.  My advice: Do NOT go to this quack of a doctor!!!!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	-1	This Dr. perscribed unreasonable amounts of medicine and would not return our calls.  The patient died and 4 other dr's wanted the bottle.  Does that tell you something&#63; 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	Dr explained everything to me and made sure I was happy. Very inteligent. Knows his stuff. Takes time with patients so I am willing to wait a little longer in the waiting room as I know I will get the same TLC when I am seen in my appointment. Dr. Sanke did a great job on my eye surgery as well. Am very happy with his process.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
10	1	was very pleased with this Doc. took his time to make sure he had all the facts, and that i understood everything.  		3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	-1	I waited an hour and twenty minutes past my appointment time for him. Only to have him prescribe me the same eyedrops I had been prescribed by another doc and had brought in to show him and told him they didn't work. What a waste of time.  		1	1	2 	Insurance:Tricare
11	1	Very good doctor...been practicing for a while. I was never seen by him but I did work for him. People come from miles away just to see him. Even though he doesn't practice a family doctor anymore he still has those who only want to be seen by him. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	-1	Extraordinariily untrustworthy! Waste of time! Much better alternatives in neighboring towns like Jamestown or Fargo. 	5	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
13	0	 	4	4	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	Dr. Stevens has moved to Weymouth MA and I have to say he is the Best doctor I have ever seen. He makes you feel important and that he cares about you. Answers all your questions and even charts everything. I feel realy lucky that I have found him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
15	1	Dr. Stein is an awesome doctor, it just takes a while in the waiting room as well as in the office waiting to see her. 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	. Love her! Very helpful when trying to find the right medications to get my headaches under control! She's very friendly and easy to talk to! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
16	1	Great staff, very friendly &amp; helpful-Dr. Skari is the best denist I've ever been to.  I definitely would recommend her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	Good Doctor 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	Listen to everything I say and asks what my concerns are. You can bring multiple problems to her and she takes the time to address them all.  She never gives the impression that she is in a hurry and alays asks&quot; Is there anything else&quot; before she leaves the office. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	0	got a set dentures and he counld not get them to fit right  I'm sorry i don't think he knows how 	5	5	4	2 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	Anyone in the medical community in Port Angeles will tell you that Dr. Mike Fishman and Dr. Jaime Sheperd are the only two board certified radiologists worth seeing.  They have excellent interpersonal skills and excellent bedside manner. If you can't get either of these two to read your studies or do your biopsy, run to Seattle! 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	-1	This urologist sent order to the pharmacy for the wrong drug, an appetite drug instead of an antibiotic. when I got my antibiotic for a UTI after being in pain for 4 days I called and left a message that antibiotic must not working. I never got a call back all day, next day at noon I call the pharmacy and they said he had prescribed pyridium for pain, which I was already taking. If he had checked my medical record he would have known that. Then I called and left a message with the doctors nurse again explaining things and she said the doctor wants you to schedule a cytoscopy, I told her I already had one scheduled with him in 2 days again he would have known this if he would have checked my medical record. Then the nurse said the dr had sent my pharmacy a new antibiotc So I call the pharmacy and they say he sent in another precription for the same antibiotic I was already taking. Again he would have known this if he would have checked my medical record. I do not trust this incomptence.  	2	3	1	3 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
23	1	Excellent doctor. Genuinely cares about his patients. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	Great Dr. I have been seeing Dr. Smith for about 8 years.He is Great at everything.I would recomend him to anyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	1	. I needed to get in to be seen, they made room for me that same day, great service! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	-1	Does not listen to the patent, has struck injured area with hand before knowning the true depth of the injury. Doubts the injury that other doctors have said the patient has as an injury. Poor detail to the issues of the patient. 	2	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	Dr. Shawchuck is professional, compassionate and caring. As a mother of a child in need of a previous medical issue of depression and an eating disorder, I recall Dr. Shawchuck played a crucial role in the recovery process. Highly recommend her! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
27	-1	Dr. Sikkink now practices Urgent Care at Innovis in south Fargo. We have taken our daughter who is under 2 years old to urgent care 3 times and got this doctor. Every single time she took only a few seconds to look at her ears and claimed she had an ear infection. All 3 times the follow up with a primary care doctor revealed that she in fact did not have ear infections. The primary care doctor even expressed dissatisfaction with the medication Dr. Sikkink chose to treat our daughter. This doctor has been misdiagnosing redness in the ear due to fever and other illness as ear infections. She took very little time and attention for our daughter which resulted in misdiagnosis. Next time we need to visit Urgent Care we will be asking for a different doctor no matter how long we have to wait.  	3	3	1	2 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
28	1	Dr. Strinden's office is extremely busy, but very efficient. I have never waited for very long. I have severe eye problems (glaucoma, optic nerve degeneration, macular degeneration) and he is caring and helpful.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
29	-1	Had surgery twice with him, like some other reviewer.  Now a life of pain and 3 reparative surgeries afterwards.  Glad he moved to the frozen north and I hope god will put him somewhere warmer in the future.  	3	3	2	2 	Insurance:Workers Comp
29	1	I had surgery with Dr. Stillerman when he was at USC University Hospital.  I had two very difficult, life threatnening procedures and he was THE BEST!!!  I firmly believe that I am here today because of God and Dr. Charlie Stillerman.  If necessary, I would travel to Minot to be treated by him.  	3	1	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
29	1	. he handled my sister's brain surgery twice                                  he fixed my ruptured disc and spinal fusion                              i think he is the best you can find                                    he slso did back surgery on  my husband                                 we all highly reccoment him 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	-1	I did not meet this Dr directly but my then 18 month old daughter had a CT and MRI done on a cyst on her head.  We had a lot of run around trying to get the test results and recommendations. 	3	1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
29	-1	i have been getting the run around from this office and the pain center with stillerman and co'lon going around and around with them both blaming the other facility for lost charts , notes etc. How long does a person have to sit in pain before they take care of it and someone fess up to their mistake. and get this taken care of. 	2	1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	24 Year old male. FX C5 in 3 places. I am 3 weeks into a one level ACDF on the 5-6 level. Dr Stillerman and his staff were very knowledgeable on all aspects of my injury. Dr. Stillermans confidence can, at times, be mistaken for arrogance. It seemed this way during the beginning of my treatment, but as time passed, I learned he meant no harm by his actions and that his personality was just different than mine. Dr. Stillermans technique is very conservative, longer brace periods, longer recovery time frame and more follow up appointments. He just wants to make sure he has his ducks in a row and that you are good to go before he lets you lose. Post op care was great, him and his staff followed up with me both right after surgery and the next day. Great help! I would recommend him to anyone; staff and Dr. Stillerman himself were very helpful and did a great job on my neck. Zero pain! 	 10/5/09	5	3	5	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	An excellent doctor! She's knowledgeable, perceptive, kind, and completely professional.  She so sweet, answers all of my questions, so down to earth, and listens to me plus makes me feel at ease during my pregnancies! I trust her completely! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
30	1	Dr. Schaffner is somewhat friendly, but she doesn't say much. So, if you have any questions or concerns, you should bring a list. She is very quiet and a little hard to understand.  	4	2	3	4 	Insurance:Tricare
31	1	One of the top doctors in urology in the area.  A great listener and very knowledgeable in diagnosing and treatment my situation.  Very caring. Highly recommend this doctor. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	-1	I went to an appointment with Dr. Sawchuk and after he asked me to remove my clothes, so he could do the exam, he left the room and never came back.  I waited for 20 to 25 mins before I dressed and left.  He called me, at home, later that night to say he mailed out a letter.  He never once said he was sorry for not returning to perform the exam.  I know sometimes things come up, but at the very least send someone in to let a patient know.  	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	1	. Ted Sawchuk heartfelt sincere human being an A+ urology physician 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	1	Dr. Garret and his wife, Dr. Sheila, provide excellent chiropractic services.  They are very friendly, accommodating, and affordable.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	1	Dr. Garret was extremely kind and made me feel comfortable. 	4	5	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
33	-1	This surgeon and alleged vascular medicine specialist ignored the fact that I had an extensive deep venous thrombosis in my leg, choosing instead to treat for an /&quot;infection,/&quot; when all signs and symptoms that even I as a layman had learned about led to the diagnosis of DVT. He ignored the fact that I was in intense pain and prescribed something I take routinely for minor arthritis pain. After I talked to the patient advocate and told them I was afraid I was going to die of a loosened blood clot, he did do more diagnostic studies which led to the proper diagnosis, and led to a nearly 2-week hospitalization. I have permanent damage to the vascular structures in my leg and have pain 4 years later. He ignored the fact that I was in intense pain. He walked through the threshold of the doorway once a day and charged me 250 a day to do so. I would recommend this doctor to no one. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	Nice guy - Good service. He is a bit rushed, but his staff makes up for it.  	5	5	4	4 	Insurance:Tricare
35	1	He is at Sanford in Fargo now....but... he totally saved my life! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	1	Excellent cancer surgeon; very caring with a good bedside manner.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	1	He did my bariatric bypass and I feel he did a great job in keeping on top of things.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	-1	Staff more interested in telling jokes than my well being.  Dr. Schmit not that personable. 	2	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
