dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
4	-1	 Bad doctor.  He performed cervical fusion surgery with plate and put in 5 screws instead of 6.  Neck didn't fuse, still had symptoms 6 months later.  He ignored this.    Another surgeon did neck scan, found out I didn't fuse.  Redid surgery , put in 6 screws.  My new surgeon was shocked at his shoddy work.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:CIGNA
4	1	 Dr. Lacin performed my Cervical fusion in 2011. I was very comfortable with the care from him and his PA. I never doubted his knowledge or skill for one instant.  The staff is very helpful!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Workers Comp
4	1	 No one could ever ask for a more competent, caring and skilled doctor.  The entire staff is not only pleasant to work with but Dr. Lacin does not stop being your doctor just because the surgery is over.  He continues to follow up afterwards and the staff will return your phone calls in a very prompt manner, which is so important when a family members life is hanging in the balance.  He will treat your family member like his own.  He saved my mother's life and I could never repay him for the highly skilled spinal surgery he performed on her.  We were truly blessed to be referred to Dr. Lacin.  I will always be greatful to Dr. Lacin for successfully completing such a serious surgery on my mother but more importantly for restoring her to perfect health.  Thanks forever to you and your staff.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
4	1	 Dr.Lacin perfomed brain surgery on me in May 2012 for a tumor that had metastized from an earlier breast cancer episode.  He took plenty of time with me, rolled up close to me and took my hands, looked into my eyes to reassure me all would be fine,and it has been.  He was honest but upbeat, even joking with me.  He reasured my husband and mother.  His PA is also great.  He came to see me each day in the hospital and closely monitored my meds after surgery.  Very personable, honest and encouraging.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
4	-1	 Immediately following my surgery Dr. Lacin told my wife at the hospital that my spine was more severely damaged than the MRI showed.  In two follow-up appointments when I told Dr. Lacin I still had severe pain, he would not discuss my surgery with me or even look at my back.  He told me to take Lyrica and Advil for the pain.  He spent approximately 3 minutes with me during the first visit and maybe 4 minutes during the second.  During the final visit he left the exam room to get a prescription for me and didn't return.  When his PA came in with the script I told her I still had questions for the doctor.  She said that was impossible because he was with another patient.  When I checked out, the appointment clerk told me that if I still had problems in 6 months to phone for another appointment.  I still had problems 6 months later, but I did not see Dr. Lacin again.  Instead I saw a competent surgeon who fixed my spine.  Be very leery of expecting Dr.  Lacin to help you with spine pain! 	2	1	1	1	Insurance:Medicare
4	-1	 After an hour and a half drive, and going through the registration process as a new patient, Dr. Lacin was in my room 5 whole minutes. My L5 disk is bulging to the right (slight bulge, but enough) and is causing a pinch on my sciatic nerve on the left side. It is written on all 3 MRI's I've had over the past 1 1/2 yrs. He walked in, said he'd looked at the MRI's, and saw nothing unusual for someone my age (I'm 34) and nothing he can do for me. No exam, nothing. Ok, I've been having this problem for almost 2 years. And it is very obvious what the issue is - yet there's nothing you can do or see&#63; Yeah, ladies, don't let WMH give you an epidural if you're having a baby. Sorry, there's nothing normal about this. Doctors covering for doctors.  Real professional! 	3	3	1	3	Insurance:CIGNA
4	1	commentsDr Lacin is very nice and sympathetic. He seems very knowledgable and was, at first, very comforting.  As I got better and came in for subsequent visit i felt as if i was being rushed out.        I have mix feelings about dr lacin. I wish he'd spend more time with patients but he is very supportive when you do see him.  I didn't like that he wasn't very keen on PT for my injury 	4	4	5	4	Insurance:Unknown
4	-1	 Dr. Lacin made many promises he did not keep. He said he could fix my husband. He made him worse. He said he would not release him until he was 100% better.He released him and three doctors later say he will never get better. He also made up reports saying he did examinations that never happened. I attended most of my husband's appoinments. Dr. Lacin sent him to the emergency room twice, after surgery, all the while saying surgery went fine and ultimately releasing him. My husband is still undergoing treatments which will last the rest of his life. I understand mistakes happen. But to try to cover them up as a professional, is unacceptable. I trusted this man. I do have evidence to support my words.  Watch your &quot;back&quot;!! 	3	1	1	1	Insurance:Workers Comp
7	1	commentsBest Dr. I have even gone to. He actually listened to evey single word, and his quest for truth is amazing. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	 Very thorough and not one to order a bunch of tests every visit,but only when needed or once or twice a year.  	2	3	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
8	-1	 THIS DR. WAS RARELY AVAILABLE TO SPEAK WITH, REGARDING MY FAMILY MEMBERS MEDICAL CARE IN A LONG TERM CARE FACILITY. WHEN HE MADE VISITS THEY WERE SHORT AND INCOMPLETE. HE FAILED TO SEE OBVIOUS CHANGES IN PATIENTS CONDITION AND LIKED TO OVERMEDICATE MY FAMILY MEMBER TO THE POINT OF BECOMING ALMOST COHERENT. MY FAMILY AND I HAD TO CONSTANTLY DOUBLE CHECK ON EVERY THING THAT WAS DONE. THIS DR. SHOULD BE MORE CONCERNED ABOUT HIS PATIENTS AND NOT JUST HIS BUSINESS.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Medicare
8	1	comments 	5	5	4	4	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	commentsDoctor Lachiewicz Is a highly experienced orthopedic surgeon specializing in total hip and knee replacements. He has an excellent staff and is it is an excellent communicator. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	comments 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	 Amazing physician who truly cares for the well being of each of her patients.  She takes the time to get to know her patients on a personal level and is readily available if needed.   Also- she is very engaged with MyChart through epic! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
39	1	 My daughter has been seeing Dr. Lake since she was 18 months and she is now 6.  We love Dr. Lake.  She always takes her time to make sure she answers all of my questions and addresses my concerns.  She is personable, funny, caring and knowledgeable.  She makes me and my daughter comfortable.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	1	 She is knowledgeable and always makes time to listens to all concerns. The staff is very friendly.  		4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	-1	 I'm not happy with his service. Usually never explains me what I have. I try to explain my symptoms and I get interrupted and feel ignored sometimes. I'm always &quot;ok&quot; feeling terrible. After consultation I had to go to an Urgent Clinic, twice. They find what I have immediately. He won't give you copy of any lab, x ray or test. Gives you appointment every 4-6 weeks for no reason, and when you really need a follow appointment you don't get it. Being a patient for tooo long but I had it!! I'm getting a new doctor. Hope this helps...  	4	4	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	0	 Dr. Lal is thorough and his staff is nice; however, he rarely explains to me what he is thinking/doing during my exams.  He writes me prescriptions and gives me referrals without explaining why. He also wants me to come back every 4-8 weeks, which feels unnecessary and monetarily motivated.  I consistently wait 45+ mins per appointment.  	4	1	3	3	Insurance:Tricare
43	1	 Excellent all around, Frequency of vists could be longer. Feel I see him too often.  	5	4	5	4	Insurance:Medicare
45	1	 Dr. Laborde is professional, knowledgable, and caring.  His staff is so pleasant.  My appointments are always on time and thorough.  He does a great job of explaining complex retinal conditions.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	1	 I am so happy to have him as our doctor.  He is so patient with the children and very good at explaining childrens issues.  I like the way he listens to our concerns and gives us all the options.  Thanks so much Dr.Lakin.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	1	 Dr. Christopher Lakin is one of the best Dr.'s i've ever known.  Our family could trust him 100%!  He is extremely kind, considerate, and in touch with Children.  We have a Child with severe Neurological/Behavioral issues, which are difficult to manage at best.  No matter how trying it is to converse, Dr.  Lakin always takes his time, and is calm, and patient with us, overlooking nothing!  We can't say enough good! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	1	 Dr. Lakin is wonderful with my two children.  He takes the time to explain everything and gives very helpful advice.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
54	1	 Dr. Lakin is very kid friendly.  He is very patient and provides a relaxed environment for the kids.  My son loves him.  	4	5	4	5	Insurance:Aetna
55	1	 I was recommended by a friend to see Dr. Laing.  The staff was very nice and helped me get an earlier appointment by putting me on a waiting list.  I would not hesitate to send my friends here.  	5	4	4	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
55	1	commentsDr. Laing is wonderful. The front office receptionist is rude. Very rude. If you can get past her, Dr. Laing is worth it. 	1	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	 Two of my children are Dr. Lagarde's patients.  He is one of the best doctors I have ever dealt with.  Very nice, knowledgable and caring.  Always makes us feel welcome!  If only every doctor could be the same.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$15
69	-1	.   	2	1	1	1	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
70	1	 I find that Dr. Lada is compassionate and her staff is kind and caring.  She is generally on schedule, and thorough in her visits.  The only note I would have is that if you are seeking birth control for any medical issue (including contraception), she won't prescribe it.  That is based on her personal beliefs, and I feel that her personal beliefs do not belong in my medical chart.  However, she is up front about that matter and any patient is free to seek medical treatment for those issues through a women's health provider.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
70	1	commentsVery compassionate and always cheerful.  Listens carefully and if she doesn't know the answer to your question, she finds it out.  Shows much interest to ones concerns, and she has wonderful recall of your problems.  Who could ask for more from a physician&#63; 	4	5	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	commentsA very helpful and knowledgeable physician.  She comes highly recommended by several in the area, including other physicians. 	4	3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	 She is a wonderful doctor that really really cares about her patients! Simply the best doctor I've ever encountered.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
70	-1	commentsAfter seeing Dr. Lada, she told me to contact her if my conditioned worsened.  It did and I called back, but she refused to provide an antibiotic, because if she did &quot;we woudn't have any that worked in 10 years.&quot;  She told me the green mucus I was coughing meant my illness was coming to an end. The office refused to order a chest x-ray. Turns out she was headed away on Holiday. I ended up going to another physician, who actually conducted tests(Dr. Lada did not,)confirmed the infection and provided the proper treatment.  I have to say the care I received was not adequate.  The office staff was rude and unconcerned.  I was very ill and disappointed and would not recommend this office to anyone. 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	 Very caring and helpful.  Pleasant and easy to work with.  	5	5	5	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
76	1	 A wonderful , caring, helpful and very knowledgeable physician.  Whoever judged her poorly must have been in a very bad mood on the day of their visit! 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
76	1	 Doctor was very thorough. Took time to answer all my questions - didn't feel rushed like in past with other doctors.  She asked me to come back for second appointment to discuss my results and possible drugs needed. Also she was on time for my appointment unlike many other doctors I have been to.  Blood work was done in doctor's office - very convenient.  	4	5	4	5	Insurance:Tricare
76	-1	 Beware. don't go here. Staff is rude. They split your appointment into multiple days and charges office visit for each day to suck extra money. For my physicals we end up paying twice. Dr. never available for questions over phone, they need an appointment if you have simple question to extract more money.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$200
76	-1	 Seemed confused, not at all concerned about troubling symptoms.  	2	3	1	3	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
76	-1	 I visited this doctor 5 times in nearly 2 months before she recommended me to another doctor. She billed me &gt;$700 and tried a good bunch of medicines which only gave temporary relief and never mentioned what she found/thought I suffered. Most times, it appeared as if she was confused and that she wanted to try something new. I had to suffer the symptoms, leading to a surgery bcz of delayed/incorrect treatment which could have been completely avoided. All this for a very commonly occurring problem. I do not know if she should have followed up with me after I visited the other doctor, and post-surgery, but she didn't. I feel very sorry for myself for having visited her in the first place. And not to forget that a friend of mine too visited her for nearly 3mts before she determined what he suffered from. In short, she cannot diagnose well and in a timely manner, which itself is an indicator of the treatment that would follow.  	3	3	2	1	Insurance:United Healthcare
85	1	.  very helpful 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
87	1	 This is an outstanding practice with an excellent doctor. I have been on Dr LaForce's allergy shot program going on three years and have never had a bad experience. He is careful, kind and he really gets terrific results.  I am very thankful for what he has done with my severe allergies! I have my life back :) this spring is the first spring in my adult life that I was able to enjoy! He gets results! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
87	1	 This is a wonderful doctor and super staff. HIGHLY RECOMMEND and his research group also has a super group.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
87	1	 Appointment staff guard Dr LaForce as if he is a god and after waiting a ridiculous amount of time for your appointment, Dr LaForce makes up for it.  He is so thorough, knowledgeable and proactive in dealing with allergies.  We have been seeing him for over 7 years and just prepare ourselves to call and make an appt 4 months before we actually need to see him.  	2	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
91	-1	commentsHad an ear pain over the weekend and went to an urgent care for treatment. Dr. Lai diagnosed it as an Otitis Media (middle ear infection). Myself being a MD asked him to double check his evaluation. He did and said that it is an infection of the middle chamber of the ear. Prescribed an antibiotics and pain killers (oral one and ear drops) and suggested a follow up with family doctor. Two days later visited ENT specialist who diagnosed it as External Otitis, which does not require anibiotics treatment. Total misdiagnosis so a wrong treatment. Unnecessary use of antibiotics. Paid/Co-pay:$92	4	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	 Dr. Lackey is a rare gem in todays medical care.  She is knowledgeable, a great listener, wonderful bedside manner,and thorough in her diagnosis and/or treatments.  She recommends an appropriate course of action is one is needed, always making sure she and her patient are on the same page as a team.  She is just the best!!!  Both she and Dr. Herbert along with their smiling staff are a joy to have as your medical professionals.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
92	1	commentsDr. Lackey is knowledgeable and respectful of the patients time.  She listens and explores all avenues before making decisions about treatment or medications.  I would recommend her without reservation. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	 Dr lackey is someone I would recomend to anyone looking for a personable Dr. that cares,She is a good listener,That dosen't expect you to  perfect.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
92	1	commentsDr. Lackey is very knoweldgeable and extremely personable.  I would highly recommend her. 	4	2	5	4	Insurance:Unknown
97	1	commentsThis Doctor has performed a right hip replacement, right&left; knee replacements since 1988 with excellent results.He truly cares for his patients and makes sure that they get the best of everything that they need to recuperate and return to a productive life. 	5	3	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
97	-1	commentsHorrible, inept doctor.  Ask for another surgeon if he is assigned to you. 	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
