dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	I saw Dr. Pausch after a car accident. His staff worked directly with my Auto insurance so I had no out of pocket costs to worry about.  The care and compassion seen in both Dr. Pausch and his staff put me at ease, and in no time at all, my pain was gone and I felt better than before the accident! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	Dr. Peterson has provided me with very good care. He is a busy guy, but has always taken the time I need to cover my concerns. He is a very well rounded Doctor and knows his stuff. I would recommend him.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	Dr Peterson is a really nice guy, but seems to try to cram too many patients into a day as I routinely wait upwards of 30 minutes past my appointment time.  In addition, he is kind of a pill-pusher and does not seem to want to refer people to specialists, especially if they are not part of the Aurora Clinic, where he works.  	3	2	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	Very nice and polite.  Very knowlegeable.  Explained thoroughly as to what to expect and for myself and my wife. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	awesome! Very nice,polite,knowlegeable,caring and explained things so the average person could understand. Answered questions appropriately and did not make the family or the patient feel intimidated in any way.   I would put my trust in him any day and would recommend him to anyone that needed the appropriate care ( in which he provides).  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
5	1	Hands down (no pun intended) the best orthopedic hand surgeon in the country! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	-1	This Doctor was loud and obnoxious.  Not helpful and quite defensive when asked questions by family. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
6	-1	Overmedicates and overbills insurance. Shady practices. Recently put on probation for overmedicating kids, and cannot prescribe to under 18 y/o as of Mar 14. Not a very good doctor all around. Forces hospitalization in his private hospital for no reason, then charges you/insurance. Be aware...  	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	Excellent results, excellent staff!  I would highly reccommend Dr. Paulsen! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	Dr. paulson did my my tummy tuck and was very wonderful. He staff were always friendly, curtious and very knowledgable. I would definitly recommend Dr.  Paulson 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	-1	My left breast was a little bit bigger prior to surgery. I went with 640ccs. After surgery a few months later, found out he put 690ccs in my right. My left started sagging and getting really soft. He said he was insulted that I wasnt happy with my results. I continued seeing him every few months and not until after a year did he finally admit the left was quite a bit smaller. He even suggested that I put a fricken hole in my implant!!!!! Now he wants to charge 1300.00 to add fluid to my left. He messed up, not me. Plus, my implants were frozen and I had to wait over an hour after my scheduled surgery time since my implants were on there way. I have gotten copies of my records from his office. Interesting seeing how he places the blame on his patients in his notes. Now my implant is very soft and saggy. Im embarrassed of them. The few people that have seen them said they would be pissed if they were me and take him to court. I just might if anybody else wants to do it with me. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	Dr. Paulson is very upfront and informative on the procedure.  Very happy with Dr. Paulson and staff.  All questions were answered and they always got back promptly.  Very happy with results of procedure.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	Great doctor!! I was very pleased with the work he did!!! :) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	Very happy with all my procedures. He did a great job and the staff was exceptional!  He was very helpful and knowledgeable with about any questions or concerns. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	I am very pleased with the results of my surgery &amp; I would recommend him to anyone wanting breast reduction &/or implants 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	I paid exactly what I was quoted. Dr. Paulson did a great job on my surgery and I will go back to him in the future.  My breasts started asymmetrical and he made them the same size. Very pleased patient here :) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	-1	Breast  augmentation  done by dr paulson in April of 2011. Rushed through appointments, 15 minutes before my surgery I was told by dr Paulson my natural breast were uneven so he was going to fill one breast more than the other. I was in shock and nervous since I was going under surgery in just a few minutes and I was just told I was uneven. Got the surgery, breast looked even and swollen of course. But after 2 months when the swelling went down I started to notice my breasts were uneven along with my nipples uneven as well.  Went back to the post op visit and dr Paulson told me I should be happy with what my breasts look like since I was uneven before. I cried all the way home. I would not refer anybody to this doctor.  Now I have to get them redone. Take alook at all his photos each lady is uneven especially their nipples. Horrible doctor 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
7	-1	THEY ARE NOT UP FRONT WITH THE COST OF THEIR SERVICES.  EXPECT TO PAY MORE THAN WHAT THEIR QUOTE IS.  AS A CLINICIAN HE IS GOOD BUT I QUESTION THE OFFICE BUSINES  ETHICS.  	1	4	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	1	This doctor is absolutely one of the best. He shares genuine concern for his clients and is highly recommended.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	Excellent surgeon, friendly and encouraging besdide manner.  I felt comfortable and at ease after discussing my options with him. 	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	-1	He has very poor patient skills....refuses to explain anything to you....throws fear into your heart...unfounded fear. Has not been clear on my treatment options.Most of the time I am scheduled to see him but see his assistant instead, and she can never answer anything. 	2	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	Dr. Perkerewicz (&quot;per-ker-AH-vich&quot;)may be the best and is certainly the most likeable doctor I've ever had. I have had docs who are cold, don't listen or have zero personality. Not her; I find her friendly, down-to-earth and easy to talk to, yet professional. She is concerned and attentive about anything unusual. I have seen her several times for routine things and am going back soon for a diagnostic test for a possible abnormality. I trust her completely. She is also involved in the larger world, having testified at our state Legislature about an issue of extreme importance to the health of teen-age mothers and their babies.  	 5/24/07		5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	1	Dr. P did my C-section and also surgery to remove an ectopic pregnancy. She doesn't come across as very friendly, but I found her to be respectful and willing to talk to me about medical details. She listened to my opinion and never talked down to me. 		4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	Got a glasses/contact lenses exam. Nice young guy and he's super cute. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	He had my brand for my special eyes.  He cured my stigma 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Pacificare
12	1	Very dedicated, knowledgeable, polite and helpful, puts the patient needs first is very respectful towards family members. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	I had surgery on my left knee in 1976. in 2004 my knee was realy hurting. I thought I would need full replacment. I went to Dr. Vern and said all I needed was a partial replacment (internial compartment). I went for it and was it great. It is now 2012 and the knee is still working good. Thanks Dr. Vern. Gene Chewning.2/13/12 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	I broke one bone in seven pieces in my elbow. A bone was sticking out of my arm. It was on a Saturday during Thanksgiving weekend 1999. Dr. Prochaska operated on me at midnight. My follow up visits with him were excellent. He always answered my questions and was very helpful. He literally saved my arm and I can use it at 95%. I am really grateful to him. He really knows his bones! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	this is the best Dr. around in his field. Dr. Prochaska is so very kind and understanding. He did both my total knees. Dr. really cares about how you feel or if your hurting. He is very busy put still has time for you..Thanks doc.. 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	This guy is great. He's kind, compassionate, helpful and knowledgeable. He listens to you and what options you want to do about your problem. While I have occasionally had to wait upwards of 2 hrs past my appointment time to see him, it's always well worth it, and if you call the office ahead of time, they'll tell you if he's running behind. It seems like the reason he runs behind is that he always spends the amount of time he needs to spend with you, so if you need a 30min appointment, and you only have a 15min appointment, he'll still spend all 30 of the minutes with you. Great guy! 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	Dr. Prochaska has treated both my daughters for multiple sports injuries and myself for a broken leg and tennis elbow. He is very knowledgeble, kind, and has a great dry humor. He even was able to fix my daughters knee after she had problems for over 10 years.  Wonderful physician! 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
14	1	Dr. Piatt was very good at making sure that my surgery went well.  I haven't had to wait for him during office visits and he was able to get me in when I called last minute.  	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	-1	I saw Dr. Piatt a few years ago, I wasn't very impressed with him. 		2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
14	-1	He does not take time to hear the voice of his patients. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	Dr.Mike Page is more then willing to take the time and hear what his patients have to say. Both my husband and I are patients,and are very happy with this fine young Dr. Having worked in the medical field for years I feel comfortable saying he is someone I would send my friends and family too.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
