dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	Attentive and caring.  Actually takes time with his patients.  Rare in a psychiatrist.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	-1	Run very fast.  Do not let this so called dr. operate on you or your loved ones.  I wish I would have known about him first before he operated on my loved one. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
2	-1	 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	I really liked Dr. Henry. He did my ACL surgery.  He was easy to talk to and seemed very knowledgeable.  I have since scheduled him to do my medial epichondilitis surgery.  I have complete confidence in him, and when I scheduled the surgery....I made sure it was him that I scheduled it with.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	-1	HE will not listen the person who he did surgery on he don't have a bedside maner he doesn't not want to listen what you have to have to say. he is always right even when you prove him wrong. 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
2	-1	This doctor is both arrogent and inexprienced which is a dangerous combination for a surgeon.  He is terrified to write any perscription and often attempts to get other doctors to do it for him as he is terrified of the DEA boggey man.  His standard of care is non-existent.  Avoid him if you can.  	4	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	Dr. Hummel is an amazing artist and attentive doctor.  He is kind and looks you right in the eyes.  His presence is calming and his staff if on top of everything.  Best dentist I have been to.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
3	1	Dr. Hummel is the best dentist I've ever seen.  He treats every one of his patients special. I would highly recommend him to all ages.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	Dr. Hummel and his staff are the most professional, friendly, helpful, and competent individuals I have ever worked with.  The treatment and care given to my spuse was unparallel to any services dental or medical I have ever experienced.  I have the utmost respect for Dr. Hummel and his staff and will never forget the over and above treatment of my spouses needs, which are many.  We have recieved medical services from all over ND, MN, &amp; WIsconsin including Mayo Clinic and have never found more impressive professionals.  Thank you to Dr. Hummel and his staff.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	Dr. Hummel is the gentlest and most patient dentist I've ever gone to.  My 81 yr.  old Mother had quite a bit of work done and actually looks forward to going to her appointments! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	Dr. Hummel is always pleasant, efficient, kind, and charges fairly. I have no complaints about any of the work he has done for me. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	After a bad experience with our old dentist, my daughter (5) was terrified of dentists.  Dr. Hummel and his staff were so gentle and kind that she now looks forward to appointments!  Even after having a couple of fillings, which I was scared would set her back, she still is very comfortable there and looks forward to going back.  We moved our entire family to Dr. Hummel and have had a fabulous experience there since then. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	I have gone to Dr. Hummel for several fillings and a crown.  He was recommended to me by a friend of mine who is also his patient.  He and his staff are very friendly and competent.  He has done a good job numbing my teeth, and I haven't experienced any pain during the procedures (which wasn't the case with my last dentist).  He is very personable, and I would recommend him to others seeking a dentist.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
4	1	I've been going to Dr. Howden for about three years.  He was the first doctor I've seen who was able to diagnosis (and successfully treat) my allergies.  Has a lot of common sense and very knowledgeable.  Really listens.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	great MD; sad the day he left Winnipeg (~20 years ago). 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	EXCELLENT! Very down to earth, personable, and knowledgeable. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	Listens.  First doctor to help me with my weight.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	1	Dr. Honeycutt reconstructed my lower lip from a dog bite when she practiced in Paducah, KY in 1997.  Yes that was a long time ago, but I have never forgotten her caring ways and reassuring words in the Emergency Room that she could make me look normal again.  I will always be thankful for her help during a very scary time in my life.  She is an excellent doctor and a perfectionist at what she does. Thank you Dr. Honeycutt.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	1	 	4	4	4	3 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	Dr. Harvey treated both of my children. What a fine gentleman and a fine orthodentist. I recommend him highly. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	Great Orthodontist! Saw him for the 2 years I had braces as a teen. Very kind and funny man. Works in a nice facility and is very knowledgeable and professional. I recommend him especially for teens... he is really &quot;cool&quot;! NOTE: He is located in Moorhead- check the Yellow Pages. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	Dr. Heringer is a perfectionist.  An expert at cosmetic dentistry 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
8	1	Dr. Heringer specializes in cosmetic and laser dentistry and smile designs. He is very compassionate. He loves his profession and takes time needed to explain options and the treatment which is best for you. He is a member of the Academy of Cosmetic Dentistry and lectures about laser and cosmetic dentisty. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	Dr Howell preformed gastric bypass operation on me. He did follow up, but dropped me as soon as I had complications. As of 2 1/2 years later he has not wanted to see me.  	5	4	4	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	1	Very knowledgeable-friendly-a great doctor 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	-1	My pediatric dentist as a child. Would not let my mother come back to sit with me during the exams. Horrible bedside manner. No idea how to work with kids. Took me years to get over my dentist fear, caused by this man. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
12	-1	 	4	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
13	-1	My experience with Dr. Hasan was of poor quality. He didn't listen to what I was telling him, made up his own mind, and messed up my medical records. As a bonus he is rude!!! I went to another physician for proper treatment and feeling better. 	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	I have been taking my kids to this office for the last 2 years. I recently took my youngest for her first check up and the appointment went extremely well. I received a lot of useful information and my kids are always happy when they leave.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	-1	We showed up for an early morning apppt after a holiday weekend for 3 of my children. 2 of them could not come because of an end of school field trip that morning that we had forgot about. Because the dentist office was closed SAT, SUN, MON, I was unable to cancel within the 24 Hrs. When Chad found out they were not with me he stopped me in the hallway in front of my daughter and a few staff members with a raised voice and asked why my sons were not with me, and that it was inappropriate and unacceptable. Subsequently my daughter and I left due to the tone that was set by Chad and the nervous nature of my daughter. When we got in the car and drove away she started crying and was very saddened at the way chad treated us. My daughter has spacers in her mouth installed by this office and we were advised through a receptionist that chad thought it would be of our best intrest to find another dentist. We had never canceled before. I have to say that we are very dissappointed.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	-1	 	2	5	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	I took my daughter to Dr. Chad and she loved him. The front office staff is professional and courteous and they went out of their way to make my child feel comfortable. I highly recommend you take your child to see Dr. Chad! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	-1	Needed a pediatric dentist to fill 3 cavities. He diagnosed 6 cavities off of my dentist's x-rays and took new x-rays because they were more than 1.5 months old (for $40-ins. only covers 1/year). He then identified a 7th cavity. He said that he wanted to put caps on three of the teeth because they had cavities on both sides and that if he filled them it would likely crack the tooth. Also, the front staff initially asked me to sign forms electronically without showing me the forms. It took 30 minutes for me to get a copy of the privacy practices. 	1	3	3	1 	Insurance:Unknown
15	-1	She couldn't care less about my son! She is his prescribing doctor, but has the attitude that because he had no problems getting out of bed in the hospital, it should be the same at home. She simply says that his meds shouldn't be causing sleep issues and that he needs to be in school. She doesn't care enough to try to determine what is going on or to even provide a medical excuse to the school. This is more than not wanting to go to school -- I can't wake him up!!! If it's not his meds and is in his head or something like ODD, that is her field of study and until we find a diff psych, she is his prescribing physician! 	4	5	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
15	-1	Seems to not really care about her patients.  Inattentive, impatient, demeaning attitude.  	4	3	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	excellent 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	-1	This doctor operated on the wrong part of our daughters body and we had to take her to Fargo to have the right operation done.  When her surgery was done at Bone &amp; Joint we had to ask the nurse when was he going to come out and talk to us.   Nurse had to go after him, so then he called on the phone instead of coming back personally 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	1	Great doctor. I had been in pain for over 15years and I saw amanda  By the 7th time my pain was relieved. I can't thank her enough 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	Dr. Haugen is a wonderful doctor. He always listens and make me feel comfortable. He is always willing to answer your questions and explain the medication.  Linda 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	He always give me the straight information on everything.  He is calm, professional, and lets me make the decision instead of telling me what it will be.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	-1	I found this doctor to be arrogant and unpleasant.  He had nothing to offer except multiple prescriptions for the same basic drugs.  My questions were discouraged and his answers were short and repetitive as if I was too ignorant to be taken seriously.  	3	5	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
20	1	Very skilled. ook time to listen to my concerns.   Was on time and didn't make me wait 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	Very polite and nice doc ,spends enough time with a patient.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	-1	Very bad 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	I was very impressed with Dr. Hape.  Number 1, he took time ot explain, and also took the time to listen.  I have seen and been treated by a number of health care providers in the past 2 years, in all honesty, his &quot;bed side manner&quot; was the best!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	I loved working with Pejcharat. She helped me through a very difficult time and I don't know what I would have done without her being there for me! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	Dr. Hurly &amp; her staff are great. When my mom was dieing she was so caring and kind both to my mom and the family.  If fact that is why I asked her to be my Dr. She is very thorough and will tell it like it is and what she expects from you as a patient.   You wont be disappointed with her 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	Dr. Hallgren is the first physician that actually took the time to listen to me and give me reasons behind my pain. I am so thankful to have found her and refer all my friends and family to her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	Dr. Hallgren is amazing! She has helped my children with their chronic ear infections. My kids not longer need tubes and no longer have ear infections. I recommend her to all the moms I meet.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	1	Very prompt and knowledgeable. Able to communicate effectively and really cares about his patients, which comes across in his demeanor.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	1	Fantastic doctor who cares, and who knows his stuff!!!  Very educated, and has a great personality.  Has had lots of experience with all kinds of OB/GYN issues/problems/surgeries.  Best doctor in Bismarck! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	-1	Scheduled me a C-section while he was on vacation.  Cut my daughters arm.  Very unprofessional.  Wouldn't even go back to him for the post-op. 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	He's not overly friendly, but is nice and very knowledgeable.  He has a calming demenor as well! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	-1	 	4	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	Dr Hanson is superior in her field of care!  She is patient and responds to vevery concern patients have!  She is very caring and will go to every extent to make sure that her patients are cared for.   I will always give my business to Dr Heidi as I know it is in the best hands in Fargo Moorhead!  thank you! 	 5/25/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
30	0	I was looking for an OB to attend my VBAC (vaginal birth after c-section) and after waiting 45 minutes for Dr. Holm (who ironically was attending a c-section) she proceeded to tell me what she would &quot;let&quot; me do, and at 36 weeks she'd schedule an ultrasound to get an estimate on the baby's size (u/s are very unreliable as far as measuring size) because &quot;you wouldn't want to push out anything bigger than 8lbs anyway.&quot; I fired her and went on to birth a 9lb4oz boy vaginally.  	3	1	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
30	1	Although I like Dr. Holm in terms of personality, I really don't think that she is the best OB out there. I believe that she has too many patients and isn't able to accomodate their needs. Her speciality is OB care, and although I have worked with her for other things, I've definately felt like I wasn't her priority. I realize that I'm probably not, but when I'm paying money to see my Dr, I expect to be well informed, respected and have my needs met. Dr. Holm is great, but I will consider another OBGYN for my pregnancy. 	3	1	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	Dr. Holm has been my OBGYN since 2000-regular exams and a LEEP prodedure-and delivered both my children. While I could've done without the long waits for visits, I finally understood why it happened when I was the one in labor/delivering...her priority has to be the mother who's delivering. I found her to be very approachable and knew what she was doing. I trusted her 100%.  	3	1	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
30	0	I would say Dr. Holm is way to busy to actually try to meet all of her patients needs. She will do things on a whim depending on her mood it seems. I have been battling endometriosis for a long time now and have been really let down the past few years or so by the &quot;service&quot; she offers. I hope your patient waiting to get into her... and when you are your appointments sometimes can last for hours just waiting It's very frustrating when you have a schedule of your own too.  	4	1	3	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
30	1	I have seen Dr. Holm for several years and found her to be friendly, approachable, helpful and knowledgable. She has a very relaxed manner that makes it easy to talk to her and ask questions.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
30	-1	Her phylosophy on OB care is that it is all about the OB and the mother has no rights - not even to question why she wants to do something. I would not recommend anyone to her.  		2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	1	She is an excellent doctor who truly listens.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	-1	I thought the Dr. had a very very poor bed-side manner.  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
