dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	0	This eye doctor seems to be interested only in money.  I had nothing but trouble w/the glasses that he provided and, when I had to go from no-line to &quot;flat top&quot; bifocals, he would not refund the difference.  Even after receiving the flat tops, I had nothing but trouble.  Spent 4 months running to his office for &quot;service.&quot; 	2	3	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	Excellent doctor, we used him when he was in NJ...he is the best.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	-1	Told me I only have bronchitis when I was on the verge of developing pneumonia instead. I had to go to the ER after seeing him. He treated me like a moron and didn't listen to me, which resulted in a wrong diagnosis. If I would have listened to him, I would have pneumonia and my life would be at risk. Having had asthma since childhood I know when something more is going on and there has to be some sort of exchange, but Dr. Kennedy dismissed my claims of certain medications and their effectiveness and refused to follow a standard course of treatment. What could happen to someone who trusts his wrong diagnosis and just goes home&#63; Don't trust him whatever you do.  	5	5	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	Biological dentist 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	-1	He is arrogant and not the nicest guy in the world.  He even posted a letter to the editor in the N&O; saying how he hates Obama and doesn't want to serve poor elderly people on Medicare.  Shameful!  Go somewhere else. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
5	-1	There is another urgent care facility about 2 miles west of this clinic on Hwy. 70. It is absolutely worth bypassing Rapid Response clinic & driving the extra distance. Regardless of what kind of illness you may have and what meds. work well for you, this doctor does NOT care. You will get a script for whatever he feels like writing and you WILL like it. Even if you tell him that you've been prescribed that particular drug previously and you did not have good results, to him, it doesn't matter. Dr. Keith has to be one of the most arrogant, rude &quot;professionals&quot; I've ever met. If you ever feel that you need to be talked down to, well I'm sure he can find the time. The parking lot at his clinic is usually empty,(I now know why) parking is no problem. Honestly this guy's so full of himself, it's a wonder his doors are still open. Please don't waste your valuable money and time. Go a little further down the road to a dr. that listens to what you have to say that really cares about patients. 	2	4	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	Awesome, always on time, very good with children.  Excellent doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Banner Health
6	1	Extremely knowledgeable, excellent with children.  Very intelligent.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	-1	Never on time,poor service and doesn't do test that should be done.Keeps the elderly waiting for hours to see him 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	love this man, he has helped my child with ear infections, would highly recommend this kind of treatment to parents with a miserable child in pain. also Brian suggests to align a child at birth, and yes with my next baby i will do that. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	He was very professional and thorough.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	1	Being new to the area, it is Wonderful to find a Doctor like Dr. Kanelos. He is Genuinely Concerned with his Patients, taking his Time with each individual Patient, and making them feel Special. Additionally, his Nurses are very Friendly and Caring also. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	Dr. Kanelos is a very down to earth man, which makes his patient interaction a real pleasure.  An excellent doctor who I'd recommend 100%! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
8	1	We have always enjoyed and appreciated Dr. Kanelos as our family physician. He is very knowledgeable, helpful, and interested in our best overall health. We trust his wisdom and appreciate his personal interest in our health. We recommend Dr. Kanelos and Carolina Family Healthcare to everyone.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
8	1	Fantastic bedside manner, great staff, and overall I was extremely satisfied.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	1	Great doctor, good nurses. Appointments always available 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	-1	During my visit I felt that I was treated poorly.I would NEVER recommend this doctor to my family and friends.  I felt this visit was a complete waste of time and money.Overall I would rate this visit : AWFUL! 		2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	 		4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
9	-1	Seems very rushed. Doesn't take but a few minutes with you, very impatient. If insurance allows fifteen minutes, then that is all she will give you. Then she pushes you out the door and suggest that you talk to a therapist instead. All she wants is money and to prescribe pills. She could care less about her patients.  	4	2	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	1	Are you sure you Jackweeds have the right doctor. This Dr. Kashyap is an endo doctor. 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
10	-1	Booksmart but no intelligence. Upon initial consult I mentioned I thought that my wife's fibroma may be an issue as it was not small. Was told there was no studies saying it would effect fertility. After two rounds of ivf and me bringing it up repeatedly, talked to three different specialists, all of whom read the same reports as Sonja and were astonished she disregarded the fibroma. They all mentioned that although no scientific study proved the fibroma was an issue, removal of the fibroma increased chances of conception 50-70%. She wanted us to try a third time before we left for other opinions. Also, constantly unprepared for our consults. 	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
10	-1	 	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	She is amazing doctor, We had a complicated case with our egg retrieval. My right ovary was in very bad location, but she somehow managed to aspirate all folliculars on both sides. Even more, she found more follies! Our original ultrasound count was 9 to 10 follies. She retrieved 15 eggs!!! She is a very good doctor. I would trust her 100 % 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	0	Doesn't know her patients and you feel like a number instead of a person.  You always have to remind her what stage you are at and what she last recommended.  Not just a one time occurrence.  Luckily everyone else at genesis is amazing, especially the nurses.  Her CV is impressive but she needs to improve her empathy and understanding of patients. 	5	4	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
10	-1	Horrible doctor and VERY incompetent. Left me feeling that my prognosis was poor. Turned out she was wrong. I was left with a week of anxiety for nothing. Terrible doctor....stay away from her. I would not recommend Genesis, go to the place in Burnaby or UBC. I felt like i was always being rushed at genesis, unless of course i was making a payment. She is by far the worst doctor there. 	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
10	-1	Has terrible interpersonal skills - was abrasive and seemed barely present. 	3	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
10	-1	. needs to go back to school this is my life we are talking about i need someone who knows what they are doing! 	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
10	-1	Everyone was scheduled for the same time. I thought I was going to learn something new and get better treatment but so far nothing has improved.  		1	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	-1	Avoid this arrogant idiot if you want to keep your intestines.He destroyed a family member of ours intestines because he didn't quit pushing the light when he couldn't get it to go on up and then his friend arrogant dr.robinson was called in and he put a bag on her side which didn't work and we had to call another Dr. in to  help her and then it got a little better thank the Lord. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	Christian doctor and staff that really cares about their patients and making them at ease during appointments.  Love this place and would recommend to anyone.  Best around. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	He is a great dentist and an even better man.  I highly recommend him to anyone. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	Staff is great - Dr. Kemp is great - listens to what you have to say - if he doesn't know the answer - he or his staff will get back with you.  Runs appointments on time - expects same from the patient. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	-1	He is terrible. Rude. Doesn't believe you. Laughs at u if you cry. Tells you that it is all in your head. 		3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	Dr K. is WONDERFUL! I'm a VERY anxious patient and he and his staff worked with me and did everything they could to make me as comfortable as possible. They even sat with me and went through pictures and xrays and explained EVERYTHING and made sure I knew everything I needed to know, especially for the next visit. It had been almost 8 years since my last cleaning and never was I belittled or scolded for waiting so long. Dr K welcomed me to the practice and promised to be as gentle as he could. His hygenist, Jill, was SO knowledgeable and kind. She even worked with the front desk to make sure that I knew how much my insurance covered and what exactly would be done when I came back. She also formulated a plan to help me get my teeth filled, then cleaned so I would be somewhat numb when she cleaned them and it wouldn't be painful. WONDERFUL place.  If you're looking for a new dentist, call them! you wont regret it!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
15	0	I thought she was condescending. I found another more amiable doctor. 	4	4	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	VERY GOOD DR. ON TOP OF HER GAME.CAUGHT POSSIBLE PROBLEMS WITH MEDICATION I WAS TAKING AND NOTIFIED MY OTHER DR.,THEN WAS VERY KEEN ON TESTING AND KEEPING UP WITH FOLLOWING THROUGH TO MAKE SURE MY EYESIGHT REMAINED STABLE.I WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	0	I have worked with this physician, and must verify that my impression of his treatment of patients corresponds with the comments of the three persons having rated him to date. I would neither see him myself, nor refer anyone else to him. A doctor as rude and cold as he is cannot do justice to any patient's needs. 	3	3	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
16	-1	Wow, the previous two people have really hit the nail on the head. Wife fell at work, seen at doc in the box then evac'd via ambulance to hospital on Thursday.  Doctor at hosp. very helpful and compassionate, gave wife powerful pain reliever. She was running out during weekend and saw this guy. Thorough exam, no bedside manner, told wife that med given was inappropriate.  I asked doc then if the other doc at hosp. didn't know what she was doing&#63;  He got defensive and matter of factly.  He told wife to take other meds at home that were prescribed for other conditions and was referring he to P.T.  That was it and no other meds. Wife in extreme pain I told doc that this was unacceptable and was told previous day that wife would be accomodated.  He arrogantly stated we were being accomodated and pulled out his prescription pad. Wife got script for a less powerful med which is fine. Not like we were shopping for narcs.  But this guy is NOT up to date on his prescribing regiments. Very rude.  	 4/4/09	3	2	1	Insurance:Workers Comp
16	-1	I agree with the poster below and then some. Worst doctor I've ever been to in terms of attitude and helpfulness. Very cold and rude. I would add that you should not have any concerns or preferences. Sit down, be quiet and do as you are told and you may not get scolded and lectured like I was. He should have been an agricultural veterinarian because he has no talent dealing with humans. 	4	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
16	0	I have never met a more rude, uncaring doctor in my entire life. He didn't introduce himself or even attempt to calm my child who had an infected foot. He was brusque, argumentative and unapproachable. While his medical skills were more than adequate, what he was lacking in bedside manner negated them entirely.  		1	2	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
17	1	She is a very competent and caring dentist. Her staff is friendly and professional. The office was clean, well decorated with calming influences and appeared to have the medical equipment needed for a peridontist office. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	Dr. Kadoma is the very best.  I have periodontal problems that stem from radiation therapy during cancer treatment that I had as a teenager many years ago.  Somehow, she has managed to get things under control to the point where I have some hope of keeping my teeth for a while longer.  Her husband, Dr. Stephen Pieroni, is now my general dentist and my wife goes to him, too.  The staff is so great - every single one.  Going to that office is as much like a family experience as you can have at a dental office.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	Excellent knowledge and skill. Uncanny abitlity to put you at ease during your visit. Friendly staff make visits much less stressful than expected.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	Consummate professional. Expensive but the absolute definitive top notch expert on dental implants. Do not use any other periodontist without considering Dr. Kadoma. She will do the job right the first time. Her communication is absoultely excellent. As far as her reputation, we have dealt with three dentists in this area. All say Dr. Kadoma is the 'gold standard' for periodontists. We agree. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	Dr kashif was recommended by a lady I met in a store. I suffer from RA Sjogrens Syndrome and Fibromyalgia. He has me on track as far as opain management as I was not before.He is a delight as well as the office staff. He is extremely knowlegeable in his feild and does not push you into doing what he does not feel is in your best interest. It was a very lucky day for me when I meat the stranger in the store and also they day I met Dr.  Kashif 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	1	I have seen Dr. Kashif for about three years and am taking Remicade infusions.  My quality of life has improved tremendously since I began treatment with Dr. Kashif. He does have a warm compassionate nature. He is also very highly qualified and respected by other physicians.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
18	1	I have been a patient of Dr Kashif for more than 7 years, i suffer from rheumatoid arthritis, he has been very helpful .  He is just a great kind doctor 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	-1	BE CAREFUL , Trust your instincts .  He is all CHARM . I believe being in as much pain as I was in, I kept going back because he made me feel special ( x 5 months ).  I keep wondering if that is what  a cat feels like being  &quot;PETTED&quot;.  He kept me  thinking he needed more time to find out what is wrong.  Told me not to worry about drug &quot;side effects&quot; He said &quot; I'm the Dr let me worry about that&quot; .  Keep a diary of your visits.   Get your records and compare them to your diary !   PS   I've found that the best Dr's   ( unless you or a close friend have  gone to them for years) have a waiting list to see them....  	5	5	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
19	-1	Horrible bedside manner, didn't give a thorough exam but instead just assumed what my problem was because I'm pregnant.  Going to Wake Forest Baptist today for second opinion.    Hope I get better answers today! 	3	1	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	-1	After having stomcah issues for 20 plus years and the doctor having all my records I was very dissapointed with my treatment. Which did not work for me.  	5	4	1	2 	Insurance:Aetna
19	1	. seen him several times found him tibe very good doctor 	5	4	4	4 	Insurance:Humana
19	-1	Had a very bad experience with him... may be good, but not with me 		3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	Brightest physician I've ever seen. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	Dr. Kendall always ensures that he has adequate time to spend with his patients.  He always makes sure to update himself with the patient's medical history as well as the patient's overall wellbeing.  I have seen him on and off for many years and he always is timely and compassionate.  His staff is impeccable and super friendly.  Dr. Kendall instantly makes me feel at ease.  I have been away at school for two years and he made sure to update himself with my recent medical history before proceeding.  He remembered me after all that time and gracefully addressed my current concerns regarding my health.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
22	1	Dr. Kadijevic is great.  He seems to really like kids. 	5	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	Experienced, caring surgeon. Highly recommended and regarded by other doctors in Charlotte for head and neck cancers (Voted best doc for ENT in Charlotte and North Carolina several years).  Graduate of Yale and Harvard Med School...the best!  If anyone can help you, this doctor can. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	Absolutely the best Dr. I've ever had. I feel luck to have found him. His work it of the highest quality. Came highly recommended by another surgeon as the best in the US. Cancer Surgery can be very scary, having full confidence in your Dr. is a huge advantage from an any standpoint. You need to feel that you are in the best of hands. I had 3 Dr's and canceled my surgery with another Dr. 1 day prior to surgery because I instantly knew that I hand found the right Dr. within 15 min of meeting him (for second Opinion). He is very highly respected by all that have any contact with him. Including th hospital staff.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
23	1	Dr. Kamerer is fantastic.  Very professional and very smart.  He removed a tumor from my throat a year ago.  His staff is fantastic and he will take wonderful care of you.  My scar cannot be seen, my procedure was flawless, recovery was fast and I have had not issues since.  Cannot recommend him enough.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
24	-1	.  	5	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	1	PK is fantastic! Great personality and excellent diagnostic skill.  Highest recommendation! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	1	 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	Dr. Kelly-Jones is very personable and kind. She has delivered one of our babies.  She knows me by name & did a great job for us! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
26	1	I was an inpatient at Presbyterian-Mathews where I was under the supervision of Dr. Katikithala she was very friendly and very caring she takes time in explaining me my suitation and help me understand what I am undergoing, She is a very pleasent doctor and a very good person who provides personal care along with her medical care I am very impresed with her care and will want to see only her if I ever get admitted at that hospital.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	1	I am really happy with the service Dr.K S provides, I say she has magic in her hands. The way she stops by my bed side and helps me understand my self and explains about whats going on with me is impressive, I am glad that I had with this doctor.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	1	I really had an excellent time with this doc. she is the best doctor I have see so far 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	Dr. Kelling is an excellent and very knowledable Dr.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	1	She was knowledgeable, kind and through in her examination.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
28	1	Dr. Kaplan saved my husbands life ! My husband had a colonoscopy with Dr. Kaplan and he found colon cancer.He immediately set us up with a surgeon and helped us during this difficult time. He went above and beyond. Do to his expertise and prayers to God my husband will be fine. I will never be able to thank him enough.He is wonderful.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	1	I have had years of problems with my teeeth. Dr. Keatings was able to fix problems where other highly rated dentists had failed. He is excellent! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	I recommend this dr, I had gone to the dr baird, fountain etc. That office had wanted to do a exploratory surgery about 1600.00, a couple of dentists had even wanted to pull the tooth. I had a upside down root canal and never did it cross this dentist to pull the tooth, stating the root looked fine and just a little infection at the bottom of gum I'm having no promblem and I still have my tooth and the bill was 1210. the root canal went as planned and I suggest anyone having aroot canal to have a second opinion. The original root canal was done by dr fountain mohorn etc about 10-15 years ago. I had no promblem at that time with that group of endo 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	-1	May be he'll be the best endodontist in greensboro.But he's the worst doctor i've seen.Full of money minded,wrong decision.He's not sorry for that.Because of infection i went to see him.he took Xray and said there's lot of infection .i needed a RC.He gave me antibiotic it didnt work for me.worst antibiotic.He did A Root canal for a CRACK TEETH.he didnt see there was a crack, for money he did rootcanal.I was in lot of pain for 25 days .after that i went to him again.Nurse she doesnt know how to take Xray ,Inside my mouth i'd lot ulcers,she didnt even think that it will hurt me.i cried like anything,i tolerated all pain because he'll come and tell me what to do&#63;HIS ANSWERS IS THERE WAS A CRACK BEFORE DOING RC,WHO ASK YOU TO DO ROOTCANAL&#63;AND I DONT KNOW WHAT TO DO.JUST LIKE THAT HE TOLD ME IF U WANT U CAN REMOVE THE TEETH.NEARLY 1MONTH I WAS IN PAIN.HE DIDNT SEE MY XRAY PROPERLY WRONG DECISION BECOZ FOR MONEY.. MY HEALTH IS SPOILED BECOZ OF THIS TREATMENT.SO PEOPLE BE AWARE OF HIM. 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	He is one of the best doctors I have ever had. I love the staff they are so friendly  and also so very helpful.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
30	1	DR. KEPLEY IS AN AMAZING OBGYN, WHEN WE HAVE A THIRD CHILD I WILL GOING BACK TO HIM AGAIN.  THE EXPERIENCE WITH HIM BEING A ONE ON ONE DOCTOR AND THE DELIVERY OF OUR KIDS WAS AWESOME.  I COULDN'T HAVE ASKED FOR ANYONE BETTER.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
30	-1	Dr. Kepley did a hysterectomy that was completely unnecessary as I found out later from hospital reports. He asked my mother after the delivery of my second child, &quot;Please let me tie her tubes, I can't handle her being pregnant again&quot;. I trusted Dr. Kepley and he knew my family history of cancer. Hindsight is 20/20 and I should have got a senond opinion. I was scared because Kepley said that I had cancer, which by the way, I did not. So, at 21 years old, merely 3 1/2 months after the birth of my second child, I had a total hysterectomy. Thank you for runing the rest of my life! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	aggressive in treatment; very knowledgeable in treatment and prevention of GYN cancers; extremely experienced in all areas of OB-GYN treatment and willing to research new info.; excellent bedside manner, and speaks frankly with patients; efficient and pleasant office personnel 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	0	The best thing about Dr. Kallianos is his Triage nurse, Harriet. She is awesome. I have found Dr. Kallianos to talk too much during office visits, not to be knowledgeable or caring enough. Have had experience in the family of him not turning over a family member to a specialist when a specialist was needed. Uses too much guess work. Not very thorough or interested in getting to the bottom of what is ailing the patient. 	5	2	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	Great guy, really knows his stuff. Sits down with you and gets to know you quite well. I feel as if my health is in great hands.  Excellent doctor! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	1	Dr. Kennedy I by far one of the best Doctors in the Charlotte area.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
32	1	Dr. Kenndy is wonderful and caring!! He seems to care about what's going on with me. If he doesn't know the answer, he will definitively find out.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
33	1	I've been looking for a good GP for awhile now. I saw another at UNC family medicine who once I told her that I was sexually active, told me that she usually recommended people remain abstinent until marriage--this really is not her job. I didn't see her again.                                       The next time I saw Dr. Kelly and she was very friendly and very interested in me and what I was doing in life. She got me the medicine I needed and gave me a referral for a good OBGYN. I recommend her! 	 4/20/08	3	3	5	Insurance:Unknown
33	-1	This resident needs to learn about compassion before continuing to practice medicine. In addition, she needs to be careful about immediately labeling anyone in pain as a &quot;drug seeker.&quot; It appears that her medical knowledge is not impressive, and she overcompensates for that by appearing extremely confident in her knowledge, and less interested in creating a shared responsibility between herself and the patient. I would only recommend her to someone who has a very straightforward case- like the flu, or a cold. I think that she could handle that well. 		5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	Very informative dentist and has good chair side manner. I would recommend him to anyone. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	This dentist seems to know his profession very well.  However, my teeth have always been good, yet he recommended procedures that I have never had recommended to me before or since.  I have to agree with other patients that he seems to be more interested in increasing his fee than in doing what is ACTUALLY necessary.  	4	4	3	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
34	-1	The doctor is OK but the lady at the front desk is rude. I have moved to another dentist. The Doctor really needs to replace her.  	1	3	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	1	Dr. Keider is the best dentist I have ever gone to.  He is punctual, intelligent, and extremely good at what he does.  He is very ethical regarding his diagnoses and goes the extra mile for his patients.  He gave me multiple ways to correct my mouth from relatively inexpensive up to expensive.  I appreciated the different options all of which would correct my mouth. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	WE all should understand that Dr. keider are always attending classes to keep himself updated on todays new techniques and to give us painless dentistry . Dr. keider did a root canal on my daughter and she had no problems with sitting in his chair again. my family have been patients of his since he came to winston-salem . I have great confidence that he will continue to provide me with great service and prices that are affordable.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
34	-1	I went to Dr. Keider in 1997, shortly after I moved to NC. He was very nice, but didn't agree with his diagnoses. I had been seeing my dentist every 6 months for years with no major problems. Dr. Keider told me I needed extensive dental work. Went to another dentist for my next check-up. That dentist told me my teeth looked great and I had been doing a great job with them. He was nice enough, but just seemed to want to go to unnecessary extremes. It just made me wonder... 		5	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	Dr. Keider is an excellent dentist! Very thorough and cares about his patients and their needs.  I have been a patient there for 9 years and never been happier!! The other rating is crazy!! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
34	1	I have had a wide range of treatments by doctor Keider. Everything from a cleaning to root canals. He has always been pleasant, understanding and willing to refer to specialists and even other practices if he could not meet my needs. He's a great dentist and the other review on him is bogus. 		5	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
34	-1	wanted to only do mst expensive treatment 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
35	-1	She comes across as nice and caring, until you've seen her a couple of times.  Then she acts distracted  and could care less with follow ups. 	4	1	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	Very helpful and she listens to my concerns.  She brought in a special machine called a Urodynamics machine to help diagnose my urinary problems.  This made it so much easier, for me, as I did not need to drive a long distance to have this tests.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
35	1	Dr. Keever is great! She delivered both of my children and spent a lot of one on one time with me. When my second pregnancy became high risk she gave me her home phone number so I could call if I needed anything.  I never did call but I'm a patient for life! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	-1	I saw Dr. Keever 3 times. One each occasion, she was very busy and did not spend more than 5-10 minutes with me. When an ovarian mass was discovered on an ultrasound, she ordered a CA-125 test and, based on the results, referred me to an oncologist. If the results of the test had been different, she was prepared to do radical surgery, removing all off my reproductive organs. Such radical surgery was not necessary for my condition and I was able to find a doctor who did laparoscopic surgery, removing none of my organs. I would have appreciated it if she had let me know that I had options other than seeing an oncologist or having radical surgery. I did not feel that she kept me well informed about my situation.  		3	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	1	. Great Therapist! Knowledgable and knows how to get things done!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
37	0	saw as new patient and got physical that day. They were running about 25 minutes late. He was very nice and friendly. I think he did a thorough exam including pap and breast exam. He did urinalysis. My  complaint was that he did not seem to want to answer and help solve issues with my hot flashes at 42 years old. All he wanted to talk about was Merina IUD. I told him with family history of breast cancer, I had to be careful with hormones. His only reply for hot flashes/flushing, was &quot;not much I can do for that&quot;---why not&#63;&#63;&#63;--he is a GYN doctor---doesn't he deal with these issues with his patients daily. He is ok but I think you need to do research and tell him what you need before you get there as he was not very helpful. He is ok for basic yearly physical but if you're having problems, you might to go to someone else.  	4	3	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
37	1	 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
38	-1	I had to see Dr. Keefe for a psych eval for an implantable device.  He said that my bad coping skills were getting sick so quickly, having been passed on by so many doctors (who couldn't figure me out and didn't want to waste my time) and having a medical alert service dog.  When asked to explain himself, he either said he didn't say that or just repeated himself.  He belittled me, treated me like an ignorant child, even had the audacity to respond to the number of doctors I've seen by saying &quot;You must have great insurance or a rich family, right&#63;&quot;  Uncalled for and unprofessional.  Hadn't read my file, so he said having a service dog will hinder my recovery (note: the dog alerts to seizures and alerts early enough to avoid them).  Very condescending about service animals, refusing to even call them SDs, just calling my dog a therapy dog, even after I explained the difference.  Wish I would have gone with my gut and stuck with my regular psych.  If you are told to go to Dr.  Keefe, RUN! 	3	4	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	1	This doctor will take the time to listen to you. He will talk with you in his office after he sees you in the room... if you want a doctor that will make you feel like a friend go see this doctor! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	Very Good 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	This man is the best doctor in the world and he should win a prize. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
41	-1	this dr.  is very unskilled very unprofessional , very rude , when i came in for a recheck he acted like he couldn't remember our prior talk as if i was dumb, as if there was nothing wrong with me i am a hard working man who is terminal ill and i don't need treatment like this after seing this dr after his abusive ways i switched i didnt need that i am almost 60 years old 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
42	1	I have been treated by Dr. Kearney for almost five years , when I first started as a patient , I was addicted to pain medication as prescribed by other doctors for my cronic back pain. Dr. Kearney and his staff have helped me over come my addiction and lead a normal life. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	I've been a patient for 9+ years.During that time,I have received excellent medical,and when needed,spritual care. I would&do; recomend to everyone in need of help 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
42	1	staff was very nice,Dr. Kearney very caring and knowledgeable 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
42	-1	.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	1	Dr. Keefer is the best dentist I have ever seen. He and his staff were very friendly and helpful. Out of all my appointments, he has never been more than five minutes behind schedule. Best of all, it was PAINLESS! I highly recommend Dr. Keefer for anything dentistry-related. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	Excellent service provided by this doc overall. Very responsive and helps me understand the issues deeply. Highly recommend.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
44	1	 	2	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	A VERY ATTENTIVE DOCTOR - ALWAYS SPENDS TIME LISTENING TO US AND IS VERY KNOWLEDGEABLE... N.C.  NEEDS MORE LIKE HIM! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	If Dr Kaldy was a family doctor she would be mine. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
47	1	A fine of a Doctor that I have ever been to Including three years in the Army Medical Corp.Quick to pick up medical conditions. It is a joy to visit him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
47	1	I have been seeing Dr Kelly for over 8 yrs, for a variety of problems (hypertension, gout, flu,etc.,etc.). He has always been attentive, friendly, and very professional - plus, he gets results! I'm 68 yrs old, and have seen, & been seen, by a lot of MD's over the years. Dr Kelly ranks at the top in my opinion. He is VERY knowledgeable, and really  thinks things through  logically. I have never felt rushed or hurried at a visit. He is a pragmatic, results-oreinted MD, who really cares about his patients. I feel fortunate to be one of them.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
47	-1	I suffer from a chronic and miserable medical condition and Kelly once told me &quot;if I had what you have, Id be doing EVERYTHING I could to try to get over it.&quot; Yet he would order tests for me to try to figure out things ONLY when I pushed him. To be a good doctor, you have to order tests and refer to specialists, Dr. Kelly. And you shouldnt have to have your patient ask for it...you should do it on your own without having to be prodded. At my request only, Kelly ordered testosterone testing and voila, he discovered I had low testosterone! I had all the symptoms, why did I have to ASK for the tests&#63;!&#63; When I was diagnosed by another doctor with low iron, Kelly never did bother figuring out what was causing my low iron...he just put me on iron pills and sent me on my way. I had to PUSH him later on to refer me to specialists for tests when the iron pills failed to elevate my iron levels. Kelly is very conservative when it comes to ordering tests and referrals to any specialists.  	1	5	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
48	-1	never ever go to this doctor,you will regret it 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
49	0	Leaves you in the exam room for over an hour. Always tries to sell you something. 	1	1	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	Extremely caring, very knowledgeable, open to alternative medicine, helpful with nutrition... treats the whole person. 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	Extremely smart man. He will teach you how to become healthier. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	I found Dr. Kelley to be kind, caring, and respectful and he spent a great deal of time with me explaining my options. He even has a CD with a great deal of infomation for patients that he gave me. He is very popular-great doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
50	1	Counting my initial visit, I have seen Dr. Kelley for about 15 minutes over the past 18 months.  	4	4	3	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	1	Dr Kelly did my hip replacement at Durham General, much better than the terrible treatment I had at Duke for the other hip replacement. His staff is great, and he is just fine.  	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
51	-1	Mr. Kendall because I don't think he deserves the title of Doctor (an on-call doctor), was the meanest nastiest person I have ever dealt with in my life! I work in customer service and I don't even have customers at my job that are as nasty as him. He was verbally abusive and said he could care less about me or my situation and when I advised him there was no need for him to be so ugly to me, he said too bad this is what you're going to get. I wouldn't advise anybody to Ever to go him for anything. I would not even take my dog to see him for treatment, and what scares me the most about him is that he may be talking to people in this nasty manner that have SERIOUS diseases and all I asked him to do was to refill my prescription. I have never received treatment in my life like this by anybody let alone a so-called Doctor. I think he should have his license revoked! 		3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
52	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	For the record, Dr. Kagan is a Vascular Surgeon (not a Cardiologist).  He tries to see alot of patients and sometimes runs late.   Compassionate and smart! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
53	0	.  	1	1	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
53	0	Nice in initial meeting before surgery, but didn't seem to care after serious chronic pain resulted from surgery.  	3	2	2	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	1	. Excellant doctor - Listens and shows great compassion 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
55	-1	Well, please come take him back! He does not follow proper medical protocol before pronouncing diagnoses. He has zero interpersonal skills. This is simply not the way a neurologist is supposed to conduct an exam, nor himself. I can't imagine how he &quot;fixed&quot; your seizures, because the only thing he helped me with was depleating my bank account and destroying my trust in the doctor who referred me to him.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
55	1	I love this doctor BEST I ever had if you don't like him in Ahoskie send him home. I miss him and wish he was back here because all the other Neurologist here are sorry. He was the one who got me out of a mess with my seizures.  This was 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
55	-1	Makes diagnosis by looking at MRI without any proper medical testing. Bizzare behavior such as banging his head against cabinets, talking to self, making inappropriate jokes about dementia, asking questions and telling patient to shut up&#63; Would not recommend. Check other websites for other negative reviews. Patients all have similar complaints about off the cuff diagnoses and strange behavior. We can't all be wrong.  	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
56	0	I've been a patient of Dr. Kelly for around 10 years. He is a sweet man and is very knowledgeable but at times unprofessional. A good example is answering his personal cell phone during an exam &amp; conversing in front of me. He is ALWAYS at least 20-30 mins late, even for first appts of the day. He seems to be a caring person when you can actually get an appointment and finally get into the exam room. You need a list if you have more than one issue as the visit will be huried or rushed. The big bonus with his practice is there are about 15 other MD/NP/PAs in the practice who can work you in if you are acutely sick. The flip side of that is there is not much consistency among them. I'm in the market for a new GP after such a long relationship with him.  :( 	2	1	2	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
56	1	All in all a good place to go and a good Doctor. I have no complaints other then it takes too long to wait in the office.  	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
57	-1	I went to get &quot;tested&quot; for Fibromyalgia. I gave her a list of my symptoms and she scoffed at them saying that I can't have this many symptoms and that I am too young to have fibro.  She did the tender point test on only 5 points (10 total, one on each side) that's all she tested not 18 points and I was sitting when she tested the greater trochanter (below buttocks)-worthless.  When she did the test she felt like a blind frail old women trying to find Braille writing on my body, she definitely didn't use anywhere near 4kg of pressure, nor did she use a dolorimeter.  She also argued with me that I didn't have DDD or Facet joint syndrome when I have already had 4 surgeries for this. This was a waste of my time.  I though since she could fit me in so quickly that this might be my lucky day but it was more of a huge disappointment.. I would not recommend her to anyone who is trying to get help with fibromyalgia! She said I only have chronic pain not fibro!&#63; Isn't fibromyalgia chronic pain&#63;&#63; 	4	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	My teeth were absolutely screwed up! They are perfect now after 4 years of braces. When I first went to him for help, mouth surgery was a consideration, but he sculpted my mouth like a work of art. They are still straight. I'm 23 and I get compliments on my teeth every week. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
58	-1	I had braces for over seven years, and he still couldn't get the right results. I have huge gaps and spaces that he opened on purpose and then could never get them to close again. Once, I had a painful piece in my mouth, so i broke it off. He never even noticed! Must not have been too important! When i finally told him to just remove my braces, he made me sign a release. Seven years! I should have just left my teeth crooked, they looked better before. 		4	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
59	-1	.  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:CIGNA
59	1	polite and very smart in his field of neurology. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	The nicest man in a doctor you could ever hope for.  Some of the nurses are a little too over protective of him.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
61	1	Very great Dr. Thank GOD we have doctors like Dr. Kalil, Through his skills, and &quot;GOD's&quot; healing I am alive today.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
62	1	. very knowledgable, kind, caring, good with children 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
63	1	 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
64	-1	Recomended my daughter to an experimental treatment program from UNC when her age was two years too low to meet the minimum age/developement guidelines, and other treatment criteria was not met.  	4	4	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	1	Wonderful doctor. Very friendly and gentle. Very understanding of new parents' concerns and thorough with her explanations. Loves children. Never feel rushed during examinations. Gives full and undivided attention. Sadly, we are moving and must find another doctor. Very caring doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
65	1	This man makes the most beautiful reconstructive breasts for breast cancer patients.  I cannot tell you how happy I am with the results---I am shocked! He is the guy to go to if you have breast cancer! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	0	I had a lot of issues with Dr. Kamaraju.  I honestly did want to work with her b/c she works well with my psychologist.  Here are the issues I had.    1. She was falling asleep during an appointment.  2. She called in a refill for the wrong dosage and didn't realize.  3. She answered a phone call DURING a session AND then set up an appt with the caller.    Then I emailed her a very polite letter expressing my concerns about these things.  She wrote back and made excuses but did apologize.      The next time I saw her she wrote me my prescriptions.  When I picked up the meds I realized one was wrong b/c the pills weren't right.  She AGAIN wrote the wrong prescription.  This time, not just the wrong dosage, but the normal release version instead of the extended release version.  And doesn't seem to have records even showing that she ever gave me the extended release.    On the up side, she did in fact get my meds right in the end (right before she dumped me).  	5	5	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	-1	This doctor is incredibly rude!  She acts as though she is better than you and that you are wasting her time! While trying to lose weight, she prescriped the incorrect medication to me that had a large weight gain side effect.  After another doctor caught wind of her error, they (not Dr. Kaiser) prescribed me the correct medication (but not until after I gained 20lbs).  She sat very smug when I disclosed this information to her like she didn't care about what I had to say.  I would see any other doctor before seeing her! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	Intelligent, communicative and very helpful.Spent time answering my questions. Discussed options and made recommendations.Highly recommended.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
67	1	This doctor has a great bedside manor, however, when she said she would call me back with my results, her nurse called and could not answer any of my questions.  I asked the doctor to call, but never received a call back.   Other than that, it was great! 	5	4	4	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
67	1	Dr. Kaiser was very personable and took great care of me.  She was recommended to me by my husband and I couldn't have asked for a better family doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
67	-1	Dr Kaiser was very insensitive to my pain situation which turned out to be a herniated disc in my lower back. She prescribed an incorrect dosage on my medication which necessitated my having to return to her office while still in excruciating pain. Her attitude toward me was rude and arrogant. I was glad to find a different doctor who listened to my health concerns.  	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
68	1	Dr. Kandula was very courteous to us during our visit.  She seemed to be caring and interested in us.  The wait time was about average, as you know wait times are what they are in doctors offices!  She was knowledgeable and overall very helpful.  We hope to not have a need for another visit, but would see her again.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	-1	I was VERY disappointed with this practice!!! The receptionist was very rude and could not answer my questions. My daughters appointment was at 10 and was seen by Dr Kandula at 10:45. She was very harsh and sarcastic with my child. When doing an exam, my daughter began to cry, Dr Kandula looked at her and said &quot;why are you crying, I haven't done anything yet&quot;. Wow, I will never set foot back in this practice!!! I suggest you don't either! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
68	-1	Do not take your child to this specialist!! she was let go from UNC hospital.  She is the worst person to take your child to for reflux.  she thinks it is normal. my daughter got a barium swallow test done and the radiologist said my daughter was a sever case and needed help or else her esophagus was have damage.  I never heard from dr. kandula as a follow up i finally 3 days later got the secretary to answer and after complaining she got a nurse to call me back.  i told them my daughter was a severe case and needed help and they said we read the report from the barium swallow who would have ever told you your daughter is a severe case.  when i said the radiologist they said well she never should have told you that because your daughter is a mild case and doesn't need help.  she tried to take her off all meds saying she didn't need them.  i went to pittsburgh children's hospital for a second opinion and are now on a plan to help my daughter.  dr kandula could care less about children.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	-1	Do not take ur child to this dr!!! First of all, the receptionist/nurse should not be handling insurance etc because she really seems to know nothing about it. In fact, I knew more than she did! Also, I had to call twice to get records sent to a new dr. Dr. Kandula did many tests on my child including an invasive colonoscopy and endoscospy.  She said she didn't see any problem other than a minor problem corrected with meds. Well, she took the meds and did what the dr said but still problems existed,,,,the same ones!!! Dr Kandula told me that was all she could do...WHAT&#63;&#63;&#63; Needless to say we went elsewhere. Now 2 months later, my child was diagnosed with Dysautonomia. ANY GI Dr should have been able to diagnose this.  	2	4	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
69	1	WOW! Dr Kane is absolutely THE BEST doctor I have ever seen. He is truly caring, interested in you as a person and a really good doctor on top of that. Always remembers my name and personal stuff about me when I come to see him. I HIGHLY recommend Dr. Loren Kane.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	1	Dr. Kane is wonderful with his patients.  His front desk staff, however, is unfriendly and one person in particular is just plain rude and disrespectful of patients.  	1	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
69	1	I have never met a doctor who has given me such personal attention.  Highly recommend - without reservation!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	1	I adore Dr.  Kane and would trust my health to no one else! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
69	1	Dr. Kane knows and cares about his patients. He takes the time to talk and answer questions. He is an excellent diagnostician and clinician. I am thrilled to have found his practice.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	1	I am 73 years old and in reasonably good health.Dr Kane is probably the finest young doctor I have had the good fortune to meet in my lifetime. Caring, extremely patient and truly cares about my well being.  I would recommend him to anyone seeking a caring phyician.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
69	1	This doctor is not part of a &quot;Doctor Factory&quot;... He is extremely competent and has very good &quot;bedside&quot; Manners. He will call you back the same day even on Saturday...  Can you beleive that&#63; 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
70	1	Wonderful, caring cardiologist.  Very knowledgeable and up with the latest research.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
71	1	Wonderful!! Takes her time. Very nice. Very helpful. Very knowledgeable. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	We LOVE Bryce!! He has done miracles with our relationship and I HIGHLY recommend him. We pay privately when we see him as a couple (worth every single penny) and he will file insurance if you see him individually. If you have issues to resolve in a relationship, he is the best around!! He doesn't side with the guy, nor the woman, he tells it like it is. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	Dr.Kelling has been very informative and extremely helpful to me since April of 2010. He has listened to my concerns and have provided the best care. I had a PE and a collapsed lung and am still recovering very well 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
74	-1	It's like Dr. Kann doesn't believe in western medicine. If your hurt, suggest ibprohin. If you have a sinus infection, he suggest wasabi or crying to clear sinus. I thought he was going to prescribe me green tea and acupuncture. Would not recommend if you want to feel better quickly.  	4	4	1	2 	Insurance:Aetna
75	1	I absolutely love Dr Kalich. She was very helpful, and made me feel very comfortable during my first visit with her. She runs a little bit late but worth waiting :) 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
75	1	Excellent Doctor.  Took a lot of time to talk to me about the issues I was having.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
75	1	Dr. Kalich is part of an excellent team from the clerical staff to the nurses and physicians.  Dr. Kalich is my primary OB/GYN, but I saw all doctors in the practice during my pregnancy.  I recommend all physicians of the practice as they are very professional. Dr. Nicholson delivered my baby 8 months ago and did a FANTASTIC job.  Dr. Lucas and Dr. Fisher are wonderful as well.  Smiles are the first things I see when walking into the waiting area and they continue as I walk down the hallway to see Dr. Kalich.  She is truly my favorite and is genuine about patient care.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
75	1	Dr. Kalich is part of Eastover OB-GYN. I recommend the entire practice, especially Dr. Kalich and Dr. Fisher. I had a baby a few years ago and had three friends refer me to this practice. I've seen almost every doctor in the practice and have been very satisfied with the quality of service. Dr. Fisher has a great sense of humor and because of him, my baby's delivery went smoothly and I felt safe. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
76	1	. Dr kelly has always been helpful  &amp;  knowledgable,he takes the time to explain things in plain english,he makes great notes and is on top of his game in regards to your helath and the test you need,i highly recommend him to anyone who is looking for a cardiologist 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
76	0	Have seen this guy for several years but for the last time when I waited 1.5 hours past my appointment time with no apology or mention of it. He's chronically running late, orders tons of tests, speaks in high medical terms, and spends about 5 minutes in the exam room. His staff is excellent however.  	5	1	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
77	1	Dr. Keenan was the first doctor that not only took his time with me, gave me a thorough examination, listened as well as asked questions but did not ever once dismiss any of my symptoms. I have had terrible experiences with other doctors treating me as if I was looking for attention. Dr. Keenan thinks outside the box and wants to get to the source of the problem. I am really impressed with his approach.Rebecca Buckwald 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
77	1	Dr.  Keenan has been amazing! My husband suffers from gout and was in a wheelchair for almost four years and since january 2012 has been walking! We are forever thankful for Duke and Dr keenan 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
77	1	I found this physician wonderful in treating an uncommon disease. The treatment has been successful in controlling a serious illness and we are all pleased with the care that I have received from both the facility (which was clean neat and tidy) and the staff- who were professional and returned phone calls! and the physician who also returned phone contact promptly. the only thing that would make me happier is not having the disease and well..you all know that things happen. When they do, it's good to have people who care. I think you will find that here. I know I did. The physician or his wonderful nurse would schedule or call me to tell me that tests or labs had been scheduled. They seemed to work well with the insurance co and authorization for expensive, not so common drugs was fast and they did not stress me out with that. I required IV therapy and that went smoothly too. Unfortunately, I don't know what we paid. But whatever the price, to me, it was priceless and I'm alive.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	1	she is a great doctor and so sweet to everyone 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	I really liked Dr. Kennedy.  Their office is comfortable and the staff is very nice and professional.  Dr. Kennedy was in contact with my general physician to decide what meds I could take because I'm allergic or extremely sensitive to meds. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	I've been seeing Tom for 25 years, and will never see another dentist until he retires and I'm forced to go elsewhere!  He is very knowledgeable, friendly, down to earth, and compassionate.  He put in my first crown after I'd been a patient for only a couple of years, and it was far back on the top and took a lot of Novocaine, and it was tough on me.  He actually called me that night to see how I was doing!  I'd never have expected a dentist to be that concerned about a patient.  I never have to wait more than 5 minutes, the office staff is great, and I refer him to people all the time.  He's a bit on the expensive side, but well worth it. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
80	0	Did not use accepted practices and damaged tooth nerve. 	5	5	3	2 	Insurance:Unknown
81	-1	very poor with customer followup on return phone calls, not helpful with situations that we have had with doing cumiden blood checks.  not considerate of a patients age and health for the lack of offering to help an 87 year old women with a problem.  I feel due to a fall out with them and another business, and I feel we were put in the middle of that.  the moral in the office leaves alot to be desired and the lack of compassion in the office is also very noticable.  I have tied talking to the office manager and she was just like that, her commet to me was there is one of you and we have more than one person to deal with .( just like a number).  I would not recommend them if I were asked.  	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Humana
82	1	After two other doctors who could not help my son, Dr Kansapada was determined to find the cause of his problem. He was so caring and my son is in great hands. I highly recommend Dr K 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	Dr.  Kanuspada is one of the kindest, most sincere Eye doctors we have ever had! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
82	1	Dr. K truly cares about his patients. He is very knowledgeable and willing to work with other doctors for the best treatment. He is highly regarded by his peers. I would recommend Dr. K without hesitation! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
83	1	Great!!  On time, pleasant and fabulous bedside manner.  Never too busy to make you understand what i going own with your medical condition.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
83	1	I just found out that there is a doctor that carers about his patient.  I was blown away by the kindness and the &quot;out of the way&quot; care.  This man is a true professional. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
83	1	Best doctor I've ever had. Truly cares about his patients and has a great sense of humor. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
83	1	He's a very caring doctor.  Always there when I need him.  He goes out of his way to helps his patients and does it in a friendly and knowledgable way. I feel very fortunate to have him as my family doctor. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	Dr. Keiffer has been amazing with both my children - a teenage girl and preschool boy. She has always taken the time to listen patiently and explain anything I was unsure of. She has a wonderful sense of humor and a firm knowledge base which has put my daughter at ease and helped my daughter discuss awkward adolescent issues. She has connected us with the right specialist for our son when several others failed. I can't say enough positive things about Dr. Keiffer - I have peace of mind knowing I have such an excellent pediatrician to call on.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
84	0	We were not happy with the way Dr. Keiffer handled our daughter getting her finger pricked at her check up.  This procedure could have been done at another time since my daughter was not comfortable in doing it.  Dr. Keiffer insisted that it had to be done. She told our daughter &quot;we can do it the easy way or hard way.&quot; She had her 2 nurses over power our daughter and forced her to have this done.  This happen even when I told the nurses and Dr. Keiffer to stop.  My daughter was crying and screaming to stop and they just kept going against our will. Forcing her on the table and putting her in a hold she could not free herself is wrong. I tried to tell them that my daughter would never want to come to the doctor again.  We are very disappointed that  Dr. Keiffer would continue to proceed after I asked to stop again and again.  I feel like my child will never feel comfortable going to the doctor again.  This is why my child will never go see Dr. Keiffer again.  	1	4	1	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
84	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	Very knowledgeable.  Patient and caring 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
86	1	Where did Dr.  Kappelman go when he left NC ENT&#63;&#63;&#63;  I have tried to locate him and can't seem to find his new practice!  He did my son's T&A; and was AWESOME!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
86	1	Dr Kappelman is a skilled surgeon who profoundly changed my life for the better because of his expertise and commitment to excellence.   Jeff Davidson 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
86	1	Dr Kappelmann performed surgery on a deviated septum that I had 12/2007. He was very helpful in explaining what would take place. Helped me to feel very comfortable the day of the surgery. During each appointment he is very attentive to what I was saying and cared to hear what I had to say. Unlike most doctors. I would recommend him to anyone.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
86	1	We found him to be knowledgeable and fine.  	4	4	3	4 	Insurance:Medicare
86	-1	Just say NO 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	Excellent Dentist and I spend a great deal of time in the chair.  Between him and Dr. Matheson, I was treated with the highest quality of care.  The staff is also very friendly and professional. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	Went in for diagnosis of 2 broken teeth.  I am ridiculously afraid of dentists.  The polite, cheerful, extremely-calming staff and doctor made me very comfortable and respected my fear.  I was given a thorough diagnosis, all questions were answered with meaningful explanations and was given 3 options for treatment.  At all costs, save the tooth - the Dr. and I agreed on that!  Post-treatment:  excellent work, no pain and I still have both teeth.  I would recommend Dr. Kennerly to anyone. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
88	-1	This Dr over prescribes medications. He has my wife on Tranquilizers, Pain pills, nerve pills, xanax, anti-depressants, and she is a known severe alcoholic with a history of being in treatment for it. This is definitely moral misconduct and I have called his office on numerous occasions to discuss this with him and he never returns my phone calls. misconduct.http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/j.1526-46...  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
89	-1	I had gone to Dt.Karriker several times and could not understand her behavior. She seems totally distracted, had an odd affect and acted like she even wanted to be there. She said a few things that was very out of place. I tried to change doctors within the practice but was told I couldn't do it. So I left. By the way I finally did get a correct diagnosis later with my new doctor who I am very happy with.  	2	4	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
89	1	Dr. Karriker is the most caring an compassionate doctor that I have ever met.  She goes above and beyond when a patient is sick.                                 All of my family members and several friends are all patients of Dr. Karriker now.  	 8/13/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
89	1	One doctor I will never go back to see. I still tell people how terrible this woman is.The appointment desk is a nightmare. The practice is so big you need a road map to maneuver through the long halls.I did find an exceptional M.D. later who listened, spent time with me and truly cared. No comparison.  	2	2	4	3 	Insurance:Medicare
89	1	i have moved to the coast, otherwise dr karriker would be my pcp. dr karriker listened, discussed medical conditions with me and let me make choices too. since moving i am with my third pcp and still am unhappy. dr karriker was just too great and now no one so far has measured up.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
89	1	Outstanding with care and concern. Non-judgmental, attentive, considerate, and understands the need for urgent escalation of some symptoms and referrals. Excellent listener and above all else is an exceptional caregiver. This is who the career was made for. Other doctors have turned the career into a &quot;farming technique&quot;. Dr. Karriker has made it feel comfortable and non-threatening. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
90	1	Dr. Karam is an MD also-he kniws his line of expertise and genuinely cares for hos patients. GREAT staff too..  Fred Smith 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
91	1	Dr. K. is the best.  She explains everything in detail, doesn't rush you, very knowledgeable regarding her practice and was very patient with me.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
91	1	This Dr. is very knowledgeable.  	 7/3/09	5	4	4	Insurance:United Healthcare
92	-1	Didn't find her very thorough and helpful.  I wanted to know how to prevent my skin condition from reoccurring and leaving dark spots. 	4	2	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
93	1	Dr.  Kachhy is the best! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
94	-1	Very condecending when he discusses issues as if he is the only one who knows the answers and the patient seems to be an annoyance.  Our whole family recently moved to another gp. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
95	1	Takes time to explain. Seems very knowledgeable. Manner is professional and almost hurried but never makes you feel that she does not have time to meet your needs. Will occasionally make time to chat about interesting topics.  	4	3	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
95	1	I've been a patient for 30+ years. Dr. Kassens always takes the time to explain medicines, side effects, best options, &amp; procedures.  She often even draws diagrams to help clarify questions.  She is totally professional, friendly, &amp; offers suggestions &amp; advice on topics unrelated to the specific reason for the office visit. She is always up-to-date &amp; extremely knowledgeable on the very latest technology, procedures, treatments, or medicines.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
95	-1	This lady seemed nice on the first visit, but seemed to be in a hurry. On a subsequent visit, she seemed even more in a hurry. Did not strike me as being all that caring. I would have to give her a &quot;1&quot; on the Helpfulness scale. 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
95	1	The ONLY dermatologist I trust. Dr. Kassens knows her stuff and has saved my life by finding melanomas on myself and other family members. She takes as much time as necessary to discuss your problems or concerns - therefore she may be behind schedule - but it is to the patient's advantage. Dr. Kassens is not a cosmetic dermatologist, so if you want botox go to someone else. She is focused on the wellbeing of the patient which makes her a fantastic physician. 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
95	-1	Arrogant. Cold. Uncaring. Does not like to be questioned about her diagnosis or treatment. Resentful if questioned. Treats patients with disrespect. Avoid her unless you want to have a bad experience . 		1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
96	1	I was a patient of Dr. Kapural's from 2004-2010. I was devastated when I found out he was leaving the Cleveland Clinic. A good pain management doctor is very difficult to find and I would give my right arm to be able to see him again.  He was always professional, kind, courteous, on time, and sympathetic to my pain management needs. Through his amazing treatment I was able to get my life back! He always respected my opinion and listened to me when I explained how I felt. If you are looking for an awesome pain management doctor I would definitely give Dr.  Kapural a try! He is absolutely amazing!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
96	1	He is a great Dr. He spent a ton of time with me and explained what my problem was. I have faith that he will help me to get well. If you have pain issues with your back, see this man. He knows what he is doing and cares about his patients. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
96	1	Staff was VERY nice. I like the doctor, however, I wish he had talked to me after procedure. He told me to come back in four weeks to his office, I don't know if I want to make a four hour drive just to talk to him. My referring doctor told me he was going to do my block a totally differant way than how it was done, a bit confused.  	5	4	5	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
96	1	Dr. Kapural is extrmeley knowledgable &amp; really is passionate about his work. His assistants pale in comparison to him, often giving uninformed recommendations that, later, prove to be contradictory to his advice. Those around him should allow him to make prognoses.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
96	-1	My husband and I drove from Columbus (3.5 hours) to see this doctor for a severe condition he has been suffering with for 3 years.  We were told he was &quot;the best&quot; and would take good care of us.  When he came into see us he laughed at the fact we drove 3.5 hours to see him because &quot;there was nothing he was going to do to help.&quot;  He spent 5 min. in the room and was gone, leaving my husband in tears.  I spent $50 on gas, $35 on copay, $10 on parking, and my insurance was billed for hundreds of dollars, all for a 5 min. visit from a complete jerk.  He did not even care to hear what had been going on with my husband, or the misery &amp; pain we had been through to get there.  I hope to report him, and his behavior to someone higher up at the Cleveland Clinic.  I do NOT recommend anyone wasting their time with this doctor.  He is heartless and should not be working with people, especially as a doctor.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
96	-1	Kept cutting me off when trying to talk over concerns about ill-effects of current medications as indicated by a pharmacist. Also kept trying to leave the room and I had to request several times he remain to hear concerns. Refused to look at damage pain patches were causing to my back and also would not talk over sudden vision problems I had been experiencing. Pharmacists insisted it was the Lyrica but he would refuse to engage in any dialogue about this concern. He kept accusing me of not complying with recommendations about how and where to wear patches. THIS WAS NOT TRUE! I had tried all locations suggested as well as tried various adhesives. Patches simply a problem for me to keep on consistently for a complete 72hr. period. A very stressful medication to use because fouled patches are not replaced. I expressed a desire to try something different but he refused and accused me of trying something underhanded to simply get other drugs.  NOT TRUE! Still open wounds/drains from surgery! 	3	3	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
96	1	A wonderful doctor who takes time to explain every procedure, every option, and the possible outcomes. Both Dr. Kapural and his staff are always punctual and actually take the time to let you know, in advance, if they are running behind and why!! How refreshing is that&#63;! I drive from Columbus to Cleveland because he is that good and thorough a doctor - he reads your file and actually listens.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
96	1	Dr. Kapural is a brilliant physician who was able to diagnose my back problem correctly, after I had been sent from one doctor to the next in search of a diagnosis. I am forever grateful for his help. My pain is all but gone! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
96	1	VERY CARING! KNOWS NEW PROCEDURE AND HELPS HIS PATIENTS-SEEMS LIKE A GREAT TEACHER TO THE FELLOWS! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
97	-1	Am switching from Kelling after about 15 yrs. He misdiagnosed me badly once and has been rude a dozen times.  His PAs are pretty good, but a doctor should see his patients at least once a year; Kelling himself is hard to see, and when you do finally see him, he's quite unpleasant.  I hate to tell him this, but I'm the one paying him--he's not doing me a favor.  I shouldn't feel as if I'm imposing on HIM, but believe me, that's how he acts. Once I suffered for months before he'd let me see a specialist I desperately needed. I so dread going to his office that I'm finally switching to another doctor.  Okay, so he went to Harvard.  I'd rather have someone who went to Podunk U if he or she will care if I live or not.  	2	2	1	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
97	-1	I am no t a patient of Dr.kelling. I work for another doctor and had to call Dr. Kellings office, after finally getting through three phone calls later his staff was ok. The first lady was rude about having to transfer me even though I called the number off the website. The second lady was sweet and helpful. But when Dr. Kelling was put on the phone he was rude and short. I was doing as I was told by our Dr. and Dr. kelling acted as if I was an idiot! If I ever hear anyone speak of his name, I will tell them what an unpleasant experience I had! 	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
97	1	Dr. Kelling has shown extreme concern and provided excellent care to my husband who had multiple medical issues. Dr. Kelling makes his usual rounds (including holidays) both day and night and he is seen in the hospital at all hours. He was recommended to us by a fine doctor at Duke and we appreciate his excellent care.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
97	-1	He is not my doctor but I have had dealings with this doctor by taking care of my sister-in-law and Dr. Kelling so much as told us she was going to die and not to hook her back up.  I didn't listen and kept her on resperator.  She went to a nursing home and I worked with getting her well.  She is now at home, alive, cooking, walking and with her family.  She is on oxygen but is alive, no thanks to Dr. Kelling's suggestion to the doctors actually taking care of her.  I brought Kelling in for a second opinion and thank God I didn't listen to him or the other doctors.  I have heard a lot of bad comments about this doctor.  It is my suggestion that you should always follow your heart and do everything possible to keep a love one alive no matter what.  God will make the final decision.  	5	2	2	1 	Insurance:Medicare
97	-1	Kelling was my GP for almost 3 years....2 years 11 months too long.  I never waited less than 90 minutes to see him (usually 120+) and never spent more than 2 minutes in a room with him.  His medical pedigree is unquestionable, his commitment to quality medical practice certainly is.  Rushes in, rushes out, no or little eye contact, nor an acceptable amount of individualized time spent investigating medical concerns with the patient.  No followup beyond &quot;when can you come for another visit&#63;&quot;  When I finally told the scheduling secretary I wouldn't be back, she gave me a &quot;What took you so long to figure this out&#63;&quot; look.  I can under no circumstances recommend him as a primary physician, based on my own experience.  In addition, I received irregular bills, first from his network and then additionally from what I interpret to be his home office.  The worst part is I suspect I have neglected pursuing proper medical care and/or treatment as a result of bad experiences with Kelling.  	2	1	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
97	0	Very rushed service. You spend hours waiting only to be able to see the Dr. 2 minutes.  He may have graduated from a good college but that is no good if he isn't willing to spend time with you to actually listen. Jumps the gun on chest x rays and bloodwork only to never address the issues that might show in lab reports. Finally left to go see another Dr. after I didn't feel any better. He could be a very helpful dr.  if he would spend time with patients and listened to there concerns 	2	1	1	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
98	1	Dr. Kelly is knowledgeable and has great bedside manner. She has cared for my kids ranging from a few months old to 20. We have had nothing but excellent experiences with her. In fact, my daughter who is graduating from college had a fair amount of anxiety finding another physician that she trusted as much as DR. Kelly. I hope this doesn't sound too gushy, but she really is a credit to her profession.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
98	1	I cannot possibly summarize how great she is.  She's smart, personable and HUMAN!  Will tell you bad news in a nice way- backs up her perspectives with current literature/research--she's sharp. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
99	1	From start to finish, working with Dr. Karegeannes and his office was absolutely delightful in every way.  Many praises.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
99	1	Dr.  JAMES KAREGEANNES  is a very good doctor and he has a great and efficient staff 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
99	1	Dr. Karegeannes has always taken his time in explainging my condition and made sure I understood my options for treatment. He has a wonderful bedside manner! Even when I was at my worst, he was able to make me smile! I highly recommend him to anyone that needs care for they're knees or hips! You won't find a better doctor ANYWHERE!!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
100	1	Dr. Karriker is respectful, helpful and very knowledgeable. I would recommend anyone looking for a GREAT dentist to visit him. I think you would be very happy with your results. I travel a great distance to see him &amp; its well worth the drive! His staff are friendly, his office his clean and the atmosphere is calm. He will put you at ease and make you feel welcomed. Dr. Karriker is a wonderful dentist and he is also great with children!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
