dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	Good Dr. - helpful - gave suggestions - willing to work with you on medications that cost too much by suggesting others that may work as well.  	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	-1	He was extremely rude and condescending to my father and browbeat him into having a catheter put in. My father did not need a catheter! He has NO positive bedside manner. His staff was just as rude.  	 4/20/11	1	2	1	Insurance:Medicare
2	1	Good communications and bedside manor.  Very pleasant.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
2	-1	His bedside manner was very rude.  Didn't attempt to answer my questions.  Made me feel like I knew nothing.  Didn't explain anything to me in detail.  What questions I could ask him were not answered in detail.  He appeared to be checking his watch and running out the door as I was still asking questions.  	5	5	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	-1	Appeared annoyed initially upon walking into the room.  Proceeded to be short tempered and more annoyed as the session went on.  I don't know if he is good at what he does or not, but his bedside manner was rude. 	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	Very honest and truthful and told you how it was.  Good to visit with and very easy to talk to.  Would recommend him to anyone. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	I enjoy going back to her. She's a wonderful listener and advisor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	She's the best.  Supportive, knowledgable, genuinly cares for patients 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	Excellent, pain free dentist. Wonderful, caring staff.  Extremely satisfied! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	1	Dr. Reams is the best 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	My husband, myself, and son all saw Dr. Rohla over a course of two years as our family practice doctor. I liked him and his bedside manner, I did not like his nurses (they called my 8month old spoiled because I brought a bumbo seat for him to sit in while I had my appointment, and they always brought in the incorrect amount of vaccinations in for my son). Many many times we were forced to reschedule appointments (that we had scheduled months in advance) although when we did arrive for our appointments we weren't made to wait. Dr. Rohla did give out incorrect (and dangerous) information on carseat usage but that would not prevent me from seeing him again (we switched PCP or we would still see him).  	3	4	5	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	-1	This doc is too old to be practicing. He diagnosed me with sinus infection when I actually had a cancerous tumor. When examining my throat, he was very rude and rough. I wouldn't take my dog to him.  	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
9	1	He is so great with children. He has a special talent to interact with them and make them feel special and not afraid. I would recommend him to anyone!! He is the best pediatrician I have ever taken my children to.  Easy to talk to and explains everything so well!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	Fantastic with children! Very impressed by Dr Raghib's balance of humor,  knowledge, and personalized care. He really takes the time to connect with his little patients (Jack) and the taller people that bring them in.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	-1	Receptionist called and left 3 messages for me the morning of my appointment, and because I was at work, canceled my appointment. When I came to my appt found the door locked. When I called she made up story and said that she had left messages previously (not according to caller ID). Next avail appt is in a month 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	I have been seeing Dr. Roesler for years now and he is great. Very kind and really listens. Does not have a &quot;better than you&quot; attitude. I feel he has always cared for me versus treating me.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	1	Very Caring and Gentle. Very Patient.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
12	1	Very friendly and patient. I feel very comfortable around her. She doesn't over-test, but she does follow through if she has a suspicion. So, you don't waste your time and money. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	Dr. Rostad is very knowledgable and professional, but also cares about me as a person and my family. My entire family goes to Dr. Rostad and were sad to see her leave Sanford, as we will now be transfering also.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	1	Dr. Rostad is a great doctor.  I found her to be very knowledgeable and caring.  I like that she took the time to answer my questions or give me ideas on other things I might try.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	1	She is a great doctor, and very personable.  However, she does cancel appointments a lot - more than any doctor I've ever known.  This is annoying, but I feel the care she gives is worth the annoying and random cancellations.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	-1	there have been times that I have had to wait weeks for test results, she is known for not finishing her charting and then she has to cancel appointments to get her paper work done. She is very kind, but not always professional. 	5	3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	Wonderful care, highly recommend. Moved away, otherwise would have be Doc for life. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	Dr. Rowe is my OB and I LOVE him.  He is always helpful, knowledgeable and willingly answers all my questions.  He gave me his email address and encourages me to use it.  When I email him, he responds the same day, often within the hour.  He patiently answers all my first-time mom questions.   Just a great doctor! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	1	I would recommend this doctor to anyone who is looking for a new chiropractor. Friendly, effective, personable, and knows what he is doing.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	1	He was so helpful!! My pain is gone and my migraines are much better. I will return to him.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	Dr. Roswick has been our family doc for years and we have been very pleased with his level of care and concern.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	I started with Dr.Robert Roswick in 1989 when I moved back to ND. He was the most caring man I had been to in years. He delivered my now 17 year old son. There is nothing and I mean nothing that I cannot discuss with him as far as my physical or emotional well being. I would recommend Dr Roswick or any of his students that he has help train through the UND Medical School to treat me or any of my family 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	Excellent doctor who takes the time to listen to you and never seems rushed. Very knowledgeable and makes you feel comfortable.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	I strongly recommend Dr. Radke.  She has been amazing to work with and is very knowledgeable.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
17	1	Very attentive doctor with whom you can be very comfortable - if you don't mind the fact she has a huge problem keeping appointments. I switched after she cancelled my cryotherapy to remove cancer - twice. I have friends who have left her practice after experiencing similar problems.  	2	1	4	4 	Insurance:Aetna
17	1	Dr Michelle came in from the lake to delivery my son.  Our family loves going to see her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	She is very knowledgeable, and shows that she really cares about patients.  She answers all questions, and doesn't seem rushed like doctors sometimes do. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	-1	I have accomplished nothing in two visits. I initially I saw her for follow-up er visit. I have constant pain in my left side. She has requested no lab work until I suggested it. I'm very un satisfied with her.  	5	3	2	2 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
18	1	good doctor, helpfun higly recommnded, good medicasl knowledge 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	-1	She was extremely rude and belittling to me.  Very pushy with her ideas, no regard for what I was expressing as concerns.  I would NEVER recommend her to anyone.  	3	4	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	Nursing staff was great to work with and Dr. Roller has a great way of explaining stuff so you can understand it.  He showed me my MRI and that was very helpful. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	GREAT DOCTOR AND COMPASSIONATE AND PASSIONATE, WOULD RECOMMEND HIM TO ANYBODY WITH NEUROLOGICAL PROBLEMS, STAFF WAS GREAT, EASY TO TALK TO, GETS BACK PATIENTS QUICK 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	0	Seems to know his stuff but has a hard time putting it across in a manner you can understand. Forgot what tests I took and I had to remind him when I was there. Terrible bedside manner. Seem aloof and somewhat arrogant. Hard to talk to.  	 6/3/09	3	3	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	-1	COMMUNICATION WAS POOR. STAFF TOOK 3-4 DAYS TO RETURN PHONE CALLS. WAS TOLD THEIR RECORDS INDICATED THAT I HAD ALREADY HAD A PROCEUDRE PERFORMED WHEN THEY HAD FORGOTTEN TO REQUEST APPROVAL FOR IT IN THE FIRST PLACE. WHEN QUESTIONING HIS DIAGNOSIS AND TREATMENT I  WAS TOLD I NEEDED SOMETHING FOR MY MOOD. 	2	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	Absolutely terrific doctor, with great staff.  Took the time to listen and discuss my issue, and was willing to conduct the tests I wanted.  Everything ran smoothly and on-time. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	-1	The emergency room was not busy at all. I had severe difficulty breathing and the nurse had to ask Dr. Raymond 3 times to evaluate me. Dr. Raymond seamed more interested in arguing with the referring doctor on the phone then actually treating me. I asked repeatedly for a nebulizer treatment which could not be ordered untile Dr. Raymond signed the order. The nurse checked on me, and said that respritory services was waiting for Dr. Raymond to sign the order.  	2	1	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
