dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	-1	Dr. Usadi provide an incorrect diagnosis. Her staff and hospital lost my labs twice. This caused a delay in starting iui cycles.Then she failed to complete a test and stated that some special procedure that cost a lot of money. I went to another specialist and they performed the test. this is horrible mistake for someone providing infertility care. This was not first visit at an infertility clinic. So I am aware of good service and practices. I would recommend finding another doctor.   Don't waste your money and precious time 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	1	The Doctor is very Kind and very efficient.Very Professional and Explains everything.  We got postive Results under Dr's Treatment 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
2	-1	A trip I wish I had never made. Old school, behind the times, unknowledgable, should retire. 	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	. professional,caring 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	1	Thorough, kind and caring in his approach to his patients. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	DR Urban is great in helping with pain managment .his staff are very friendly and nice to be around. thanks 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	-1	refuse to give me a week supply of blood pressure meds for a w2eek until my visit. Staff said he said I would have to wait until my appt. Appt was at one thirty got there at one eft at four fifty. This is not just this time but all the time. wrote wrong script just same as last visit and had to wait a extra hour and then another doctor came of front as I complain about time time and wrote on the script and put her emisonal. A patient over ten years and very dissatified with service I have receive for a while. Trying to fine good doctors in this area when you don't know who is who is hard very hard.  	2	1	1	2 	Insurance:Medicare
6	-1	Each time I have gone even with an appointment I am made to wait atleast 2 hours and then only see the doctor for a few minutes. They are not efficient effective or thorough in any way. Terrible that they are allowed to work this way.  	2	1	1	2 	Insurance:Tricare
6	-1	My husband had a horrible recurring back issue from an injury long ago. Unfortunately we never even got to see Dr Uba, but were seen by an extremely rude and unhelpful Physician's Assistant. We will never return to this practice based on her handling of the situation. Please note bad rating for staff does not include the receptionists and nurse, who were wonderful.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Tricare
6	1	compassionate, caring, listens well and is very knowledgeable. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	-1	This Dr. should have his licences taken. He is a poor example of a doctor and I hope his practice fail.  	2	2	1	2 	Insurance:Tricare
6	-1	This is thw worst treatment in North Carolina.  The staff is very unporfessional.  The wait is outragous.  The doctor has an oh well attitude. Don't waitget a professional doctor.  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	-1	. unprofessional conduct / elusive when asking questions / staff is appalling / your time is considered not important / run, don't walk away from this so called doctor 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
6	-1	This is the worst doctor I've ever seen. He is very rude and unprofessional. He should not be allowed to practice medicine, and needs to learn how to treat people with respect. I complained to him about chest pain and he never examined me and I left feeling worst than when I first arrived. He spent about three minutes with me before he rudely told me to leave. I would rather die before I let this doctor treat me again.  	3	1	1	2 	Insurance:Tricare
7	1	Dr underwood is very respectful and makes you feel totally comfortable. HE is also very personable. He never makes you feel like he is in a hurry and he has time to listen and answer all your questions.I was diagnosed with several things that could have been very scary but he handled everything very calmly and never upset me. They were treated and everything is under control. I am a nurse so I am used to dealing with physicians on a regular basis and he is an example of a great one. Does not have a superiority complex like some have.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	A wonderful doctor. Treated my husband and me for 17 years for asthma and LAM. We moved to WA and we miss him dearly. He always took time to listen to us. He treated us with respect and care. Also current on new treatments.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
7	1	I feel that I am here today because of Dr. Underwood. I was diagnosed 3 1/2 years ago with lung cancer by Dr. Underwood and the care that I received and still receiving is absolutely top notch! He truly cares about his patients. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	Dr. Usher is very knowledgeable and helpful. He has done an angioplasty, several stress tests and numerous checkups for me over several years. His manner is courteous and friendly without any arrogance or condescending behavior. He is also very accessible when required after hours. I recommend him highly.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	I am very happy with his services. He is very knowledgeable and gives the right medication at the right time to his patients. Highly recommended! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	-1	needs to learn how to medicate properly 	5	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
10	-1	Went to him for an unhealing spot on my daughters face.  He gave her cream and said it was harmless.  Got a second opinion and it was actually an aggressive form of basal cell carcinoma.  Surgery was required.  Dr. Uhlin did not take the spot seriously which turned out to be cancer.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
11	1	. interested in the whole person well being 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
12	1	The most skilled surgeon in Raleigh. Undeniably knowledgeable. Very caring and compassionate - you can feel his first priority in life is taking care of humanity. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	Been going here for a few years and our family thinks the practice is first rate. 	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	Not sure what the negative review was about. Sounds like they should elaborate a bit. Been seeing Urlaub for a few years now. I looked high and low for someone with an eye for quality and an honest approach to treatment. He didn't do anything that wasn't necessary.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
13	-1	Dr. Roger Urlaub is highly skilled, unfortunately he is greedy and dishonest.  He has permanently damaged my teeth and refused to answer questions about his work.  The standard course of action for a dentist who makes mistakes is for the staff to treat you poorly and disrespectfully.  They are hoping that you will choose a different dentist and he won't have to accept responsibility for his work...  If you have good insurance, Do Not go to Dr. Roger Urlaub, his eyes will light up at the prospect of all the damage he can do to your teeth while getting paid for it.  	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	1	Excellent staff, timely appointment and beautiful cosmetic dentistry. Most up to date technologically.  Painless too :) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
14	1	The greatest and best anesthesiologist. If you have surgery you want Dr.Uraizee to be the anesthesiologist. Very caring, competent and explained everything in detail. Thank you. Faheem Uraizee. MD 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	Dr. Uthe is absolutely wonderful!  He listens and truly treats you as a human being.  He is very wise and is proactive in treating you.  I am so thankful for him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
16	-1	so disappointed with my experience with Cary Urology and Dr. Unger.  I would not recommend this pratice.  	1	1	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	0	appointments mean nothing at his practice, expect to wait at least an hour in the waiting room. does not seem to care whatsoever, I would not recommend anyone go to this practice for anything!! 		1	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
17	-1	Don't have this surgery it fails you will have to have a total hip later I promise 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	I was 15 when Dr. Urbaniak performed this surgery. He was basically my only hope, as other orthopedic surgeons had told me there was no other option besides total hip replacement twice, and by the age of 45 I would be in a wheelchair. Today I am walking almost without a limp, and totally grateful to this man. I wear orthotics to compensate for the 3/4&quot; difference in the length of my leg--not bad compared to a wheelchair! For my one-year check-up Dr. Urbaniak was at a seminar in Victoria close to my home, and volunteered to see me there, saving me thousands of dollars to travel to North Carolina. He was very gracious. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	-1	Dr. Urbaniak is NOT forthcoming regarding his complication rates with the vascularized fibula graft.  I had major complications after being operated on by him and almost loss my leg over it.  He basically dumps you after he operates. I question his ethics.  Please be weary when you consider him as your surgeon.  	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	0	DR URBANIAK DID NOT INFORM ME THAT THE PROCEDURE WOULD NOT HELP ME AVOID HAVING TOTAL HIP REPLACEMENTS. THESE PROCEDURES WERE SUPPOSED TO HELP ME AVOID HIP REPLACEMENTS. IN 1999 HE PERFORMED FVFG ON BOTH MY HIPS. I WAS 29 AT THE TIME.  I WENT HOME AND HAD ALL KINDS OF COMPLICATIONS, PAIN AND EVEN MADE A TRIP BACK TO SEE HIM.  HE WAS DISMISSIVE AND BLAMED MY LOCAL DOCTORS FOR MY PROBLEMS.  DESPITE NOT GETTING BETTER AND EXCRUCIATION PAIN I GOT THE FEELING HE HAD WASHED HIS HANDS OF ME.  MY OPERATIONS WERE IN FEB AND APRIL...AN MRI IN DECEMBER SHOWED BOTH HIPS HAD COLLAPSED.  WHEN I HAD MY HIPS REPLACED ALMOST ONE YEAR TO THE DAY OF URBANIAKS FIRST PROCEDURE, MY DOCTOR AT THE MAYO CLINIC SAID UPON OPENING THE GRAFT FELL OUT ON THE TABLE WITH WHAT HE SAID WAS A HUGE AMOUNT OF PUSS.  DESPITE HAVING BOTH HIPS TOTALLY REPLACED I HAVE SUFFERED FROM PAIN THAT HAS LEFT ME JUST SHORT OF BED RIDDEN. 	3	3	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	dr urbaniak is the only doctor that that i will see. he has replaced both of my hips and i will regret to see him leave. i have been going to him since 1998. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	Dr. Urbaniak opperated on my (29 year old) husband twice in 1989 and performed Free Fibular Grafts on both hips. One was a stage 3 and the other was a stage 4! His necrosis was the result of taking high doses of Prednisone during chemo for cancer treatment. At the time, the surgery was very new and was considered experimenttal.It took weeks for the insurance co. to approve the surgery. I think my husband was patient number 208 to have this surgery.They finally agreed because the only other option was replacements. Replacements tend to wear out every 10 years or so for young men and would have meant numerous surgeries over his life span. My husband suffered little or no complications following his surgeries and today, 18 years later, he is still getting along just fine with those original grafts! They've lasted longer than predicted. We feel that Dr. Urbaniak is a brilliant pioneer in his field and trust him completely.  	3	3	4	5 	Insurance:Aetna
17	1	the only one I will let operate on my hips or hands! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	-1	He has a procedure that almost no one in the country does...so if you have any complications there are not any experts to testify against him. $ound$ like a win-win for Duke. 		3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
