dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	commentsA wonderful caring Doctor 	3	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	commentsHis current office (Piedmont Plastic and Dermatology) keeps him too busy to give patients all the attention he would like. 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	commentsGreat experience.  Wonderful doctor. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
12	-1	 First off, they wanted the entire cost of delivery up front.  The receptionist was rude belittling when I refuse to pay up front.  The doctor told me I was going to have 8lb baby she was 10 lbs. When I delivered her I almost died and lost alot of blood.  He answered his page at the last moment and was laughing about me being in the amount of pain I was in and gave me no pain meds!! The reason he showed up so late...Golfing. His nurse told me.  See at your own risk!! 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
17	1	 Maria is a wonderful internist with a great sense of Humor. She's very interested in what you have to say. She takes a lot of notes. She sets you at ease because you can joke around with her like a normal person. I find female Dr's listen &amp; communicate better then their male counterparts. I have many health problems if I need to see my specialist she will tell me so.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
17	-1	 She DOES NOT LISTEN to your real issues, just writes Rx and pawns you off to other docs.  DOES NOT LISTEN! Do not waste your time! 	3	4	1	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
17	1	 VERY GOOD DR PAYS ATTENTION TO YOU WHEN YOU TALK.  	4	4	4	5	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
18	0	 This review goes back a few years but is still worth sharing. I was extremely sick, in and out of the hospital. Dr. Faber performed test for gall bladder issues which confirmed my gall bladder had gone sour and was poisoning my body. The only problem&#63; His office forgot to call me. I called a month or so later after a seperate doctor had asked what information (if any) were revealed by the test. The call to his office was rather interesting. I had to have emergency surgery to remove my very sour gallbladder. Luckily everything turned out fine for me.  Dr Faber is a kind doctor with a good bedside manner but hopefully since this incident, he has gotten better protocols in place to ensure that important information doesn't slip through the cracks.  	3	3	3	3	Insurance:AetnaPaid/Co-pay:N/A
18	-1	commentsDr Faber refused to send my colonoscopy pictures to second and third opinion doctors.  I would not use Dr Faber for this reason.  Pictures are patients property but dr faber does not understnand this consept. 	1	2	1	3	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	commentsWonderful ob for a first-time mom. She takes all of your concerns very seriously, and can put your mind at ease without being demeaning. A very sensitive, caring doctor! 	5	4	4	4	Insurance:Unknown
23	-1	 SHOULD BE PUT OUT OF BUSINESS    DOES NOT CARE ABOUT THE  PATIENT.   MANY HAVE COMPLAINED  AND LEFT THIS MAN 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
23	-1	.   	5	1	2	1	Insurance:TricarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
26	1	commentsVery friendly, knowledgeable and punctual. Possibly the most down-to-earth doctor I've ever had the pleasure of seeing. Wants better for the community. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	 Listens well, easy to talk too and very well informed.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:AetnaPaid/Co-pay:N/A
44	1	 Dr. Fair is an excellent doctor.  She delivered my daughter by c-section and then several years later she was my surgeron for my hysterectomy.  She is a very kind doctor and I truly believe that she really cares about her patients.  She listened to all of my concerns before and after my surgeries and I believe that I received the best possible care.  I would recommend her to anyone looking for an excellent doctor.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
44	-1	commentsI would STAY AWAY from this so called doctor. She is the WORST in her field. I wouldnt send my dog to her. She is non-professional. When my nephew was born, she walked right into the room, coughed in her hand and stuck them in gloves, she never once washed her hands. My sister end up with an infection from Dr. Fair. Then on another note, my mom went in for a total hysterectomy and her file even said she had a total Hysterectomy, well she was still having pains (years later)my mom went to another doctor and the doc discovered that she still had all her parts. Dr. Fair DIDN'T do as she said. Now my mom has to go back into surgery and have a cyst removed that has spread all over from one side to the other. If you want to stay healthy and not feel like you are a piece of meat for her to chop on. I WOULD STAY AWAY FROM HER..... 	2	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
44	-1	 Problems thinking outside the box when it comes to health problems. Argued about past comments from the previous visit. Was amazed that a female doctor was not more understanding of emotional effect of female health problems.  	3	3	2	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
44	1	 Always willing to answer questions/concerns. Able to work me in short notice.  Love everyone who works there!!! 		4	4	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
54	1	comments 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	 I was extremely please with Dr. Fajenbaum- when he finally was able to see me.  He was an hour late for my appointment, but they said another doctor called in that day so it wasn't really his fault.  The only complaint that I have is that his office staff are VERY rude and unprofessional.  All 3 of them were on their cell phones while I was waiting to be helped- they looked and saw me waiting and continued to have their personal conversations while I waited and acted as if I was bothering them.  	1	1	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
55	1	 Dr. Fajgenbaum is an excellent doctor!  Would not see anyone else ever for orthopedics. He is very friendly and knowledgable and takes the time to clearly explain everything.   My only complaint would be with his front office staff.  They are not friendly AT ALL.  It took 5 months for me to get a refund back that they acknowledged I was due.  I really had to stay on top of them to get it.  But it is worth dealing with them to see Dr. Fajgenbaum.  	3	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
55	1	 Dr.  Fajgenbaum is an excellent listener and a great doctor! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:$15
58	1	 She is one of the most caring, compassionate, knowledgeable, and forthright doctors I have ever known.  She explains and informs all detail and answers all your concerns. You can expect to get the same treatment each time. Yes, you wait but this is why - she spends the time necessary.  	5	3	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
58	1	 you do have to wait a little but she does have emergencys sometimes. she is great and performed surgury on my mom and was very knowledgeable had great bed side manners and gave us all the info and time we needed to discuss surgury.  She is Great!!! 	5	3	5	5	Insurance:TricarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
58	1	 I would wait for this doctor all day if that is what it took to see her.......there is no explanation needed for long waits.......when you are with her you are the only patient she has and she is never in a hurry to get you out.......she is the best in every way.... would recommend her to anyone for anything! 		3	5	5	Insurance:N/APaid/Co-pay:$27500
58	1	commentsShe is very knowlegable and has excellent bedside manner. She, however, is never on time. Sometimes up to two hours behind schedule with no explanation. 		1	4	4	Insurance:Unknown
59	1	 Dr. Falge initially gave me the best physcial I ever had. And subsequent visits have been characterized by lots of information from him. Although he does seem somewhat reluctant to provide referrals for diagnostic test at the VA facilities, overall I am confident of his treatment and advice.  	4	4	3	4	Insurance:Veterans AdministrationPaid/Co-pay:N/A
59	0	comments 	4	2	2	4	Insurance:Unknown
64	-1	 He is very cold, uncaring and unprofessional. Beware. Doctors are hard to find in Boone, but do not go here.  	2	1	1	1	Insurance:N/APaid/Co-pay:$45
68	-1	 DR. FAHEY HAS THE PERSONALITY OF A ROCK.I FOUND HIM TO BE EXTREMLY RUDE AND CONDESCENDING.IT SEEMS HE PAID MORE ATTENTION FLIRTING WITH HIS ASSISTANTS THEN TO HIS PATIENTS. IF YOU WANT TO BE TREATED HORRIBLY THAN HE IS THE RIGHT DOCTOR FOR YOU, IF NOT MY SINCERE ADVICE TO EVERYONE IS TO BEWARE! 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:$25
68	-1	 Very condescending, and very rude to the patient (me). Acted as if nothing was wrong with me and just prescribed pills and sent me on my way... really didn't listen to me at all.  	2	2	2	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
68	1	 Very attentive Dr.Really liked his approach to my arthritis problems.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:AnthemPaid/Co-pay:$30
68	1	commentsDr. Fahey is very thorough and knowledgable.  He takes his time to find out what your problem could be.  He does required tests to ellimate all possible reasons for your problem.  He explains everything in great detail.  He doesn't give you drugs to mask the problem because he wants to find out exactly what he is dealing with regarding your problem.  I would recommed him to anyone who wants a doctor that listens to what you have to say and follows through with tests that he knows will help him to find out what he needs to know to treat your problem.  We are fortunate to have him in our area.  I will continue to see him because I know he cares and listens to what you have to say. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	 The entire staff went above and beyond to make me feel comfortable.  Dr.  Fahey is honest and competent! I will continue seeing him for years to come! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
68	-1	 I waited 2 months for this initial appointment. I was running late due to the traffic in Mooresville so I called and was told they only hold the appointment for 15 minutes and I would not make it in time and would have to reschedule. I explained how long I had waited for the appointment and that I was only 5 minutes or less away and how badly I needed to see the doctor but still was told the policy and I would have to reschedule because she didn't think I would make it in time.  I kept going...I walked in at 2:15 (my appointment was at 2) and they would not see me!!  I pointed out to my watch it was 2:15 and was told &quot;not by our clock&quot;!!  I got the same from the office manager.  Both staff members seemed annoyed and showed no empathy whatsoever.  If this is the kind of staff this doctor prefers...he's not the one for me!  Thank goodness I never got to see him.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
68	0	 Has no personality, does not care about your condition or pain. Made you feel like a &quot;LEPER&quot;. Do not go to this man. you ae wasting your time and money. NEVER look at any of the paperwork. Said &quot;If the test results come back negative you will have to go somewhere esle.  	5	5	1	5	Insurance:MedicarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
68	-1	 Was on std w/my employer-referred by my neurosurgeon to rheumatologist.Post-op Chiari 1 Decompression in'05. c-5,c-6 fusion in '06. In'07-cyst seen on'05 mri butdecompression more urgent. Cyst not removed until '07-now penetrating 2layers of my skull.'07-cmc orthoplasty on hand- Fibromyalgia,osteoarthritis-many more symptoms-ALL prt of Chiari-(a genetic disease.)The base of skull is smaller than normal. The cerebral tonsils were crowding & blocking spinal fluid flowing to my brain.Decompression was done to relieve pressure & allow normal flow of spinal fluid to my brain-BUT-&quot;Surgery does not cure all&quot;-referred to a rheumatoligist for present symptoms. His exam-- tapping my arms, knees&back-No; x-rays.He rudely tld me he wasn't a disab.dr& notes bluntly stated &quot;no signs of fibrom.2ndopinion-1stVisit-DrWodecki xrayedmefrm hd to toe-Clin notes-&quot;classic tender points not true diagnosis.&quot;Dr Faheydidn't note signs of fibromyalgia.&quot; P.S-was justapprvdfor s.s.  ltd to be rechecked in 5-7yrs 	1	4	1	1	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
68	1	 Overall very happy with Fahey and the office staff. If my appointment is at 2:00, I see the doctor by 2:05. They turn around test results from labs the next day. I don't feel rushed at all with i'm in his office. He has explained to me many courses of action for the arthritis I have. I'm not 100% better yet, but i'm on the path there. The only complaint I have is the nurses take your blood pressure as soon as you walk the room and that causes my BP to look higher than it is since I have not had time to sit to get a normal pulse.  	4	5	4	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
68	1	 Dr. Fahey was able to find my diagnosis when another Rhuematologist could not.  He was very knowledgable and his staff was very kind.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:CIGNAPaid/Co-pay:N/A
68	0	 This doctor is average when it comes to treating patients with Rheumatology issues. If you have a serious health issue like myself, Lupus, seek another professional as I have not received the best of care.  		4	2	3	Insurance:CIGNAPaid/Co-pay:$2500
68	-1	 Dr. Fahey's nursing staff was extremely unhelpful and after being a patient of his for a few years she cancelled my appointment despite my need to see the doctor because I was in need of xrays. The nurse refused to talk to the doctor about the medication that I needed. Over the past 2 1/2 years I have driven over an hour to see this doctor because a Rheumatologist is hard to find only to discover that his nursing staff decided to play doctor. Avoid this office like the plague.  		1	1	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
74	1	.  Friendly, courteous, on time 	5	5	4	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
93	1	 She is fantastic!  Great bedside manner.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-CalPaid/Co-pay:N/A
