dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	Excellant doctor. Caring and concerned about each patient. Able to handle the most nervous patient. His work is beautiful. Results last a lifetime. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	Dr. Connell is the best and smartest doctor ever. He diagnosed me when nobody else did. He is so nice and he treats my kids so nice. He's awesome. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	Dr Conant is direct and to the point. He gave me steroid injections in my shoulders to aleviate arthritis pain. They worked very well. I would highly recomend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
4	1	I came down south from Canada to see Dr.Chu for a colonoscopy and endoscopy.  He got me an appointment in a week ( as opposed to waiting a year in Canada)  His staff was phenomenal.  Dr. Chu was very professional, answered all of my questions, and was all around a great guy. He visited me before and after the procedure and explained everything.  I'm very glad I found this Dr. and would recommend him to anyone 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	-1	 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	I love going to see Sheryll.  She makes me feel comfortable and I can talk about anything with her.  I would highly recommend her to others.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	1	Dr. Capp is a very friendly dentist and his staff is very friendly.  New building so it is comfortable and up to date.  I have been a pt since he has opened his clinic and can get into him whenever I need.  I recommend him to my friends and family.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
7	1	Very willing to answer questions. Follows up to phone messages very well.  		5	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	1	I guess everyone has their opinions but we have had Dr. Cleary for a couple of people in my family and he has been very good.  He really is a nice guy.  He talked always made a point to check on us after the surgeries and answered all of our questions and concerns. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
8	-1	 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
9	0	Very caring not not very effective. We saw her for marriage counseling and didn't go back.  	3	3	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	1	excellent doctor,my guardian .angel,takes time and listens to his patient.Recommend to any body. best in north dakota,best doctor 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
10	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	. Best Family doc we have ever had 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	-1	I went to get tested for strep. She looked for spots and didn't see them. I had to point them out to her. She jabbed the back of my throat hard with the swab. She missed and had to do it again. She printed off information for me but said it was probably old and I'd find better info on Google or Wikipedia...  	5	3	2	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	1	Dr. Crowley does a wonderful job. I have found her to be a good listener and very thorough in her exam. She patiently answers questions and is easy to talk to.  	 9/10/07	5	4	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	-1	Was 30 min late after nurse left room. Kept cutting me off, and then asked about what I was going to tell her. 	5	1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	Helped me understand and manage my problem with breast pain. Very easy to understand. Would recommend that anyone with a concern about her breast see Dr. Crowley.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	1	Awesome chiropractor! I would recommend her to anyone. She does not rush you in and out like so many others, and is very friendly.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	-1	Was incredibly rude, didn't have any interest in finding the root cause of pain, just wanted to medicate. Would never go back to again. 		5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
15	-1	 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	He does an amazing job. Very knowledgeable. Doesn't try to make u set up appointments for next few months like other chiropractors. Just has u come in as needed...very easy to get into on short notice.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	Received great care and much better after just 2 visit! Would recommend if looking for an experience doctor in Williston with 25+ years of experience. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	This doctor has helped my back pain so much. She also gives me information on how to keep my back doing as well as it can. I can get in the same day if needed. I am very pleased with the care I receive from Dr.  Carr 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	I have received the best adjustments and benefits from Dr. Carr than any other area Chiropractors that I have been to. She is very caring and attentive to the needs of her patients.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	For a young doctor, she has had alot of experience with working with top notch doctors from Iowa.  She helped my shoulder so much after the first visit.  I would highly recommend her! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	1	hes awesome! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	0	.  	3	2	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	Dr.C is very knowledgeable.My husband &I; spent 5-6 years trying to conceive.Dr.C was very persistent with treatments and did what he thought would work best for me.I always felt comfortable talking with him.Thanks to him we now have a very Healthy and striving 19 month old son.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	1	Very knowledgable.  I went through many treatments and Dr. C was always courteous and very thorough. I work in the same health care system and have never heard a negative word regarding him.  	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	1	Excellent RE, clinic, and staff. I've never had to wait very long for my appointments. DH loved the collection of material when it was time for him to deposit his sperm. Dr. C was conservative in upping my inject dosage, I was very greatfull of that. They made the whole process as smooth as can be. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	He spent a lot of time talking with me and my husband. His style was friendly and casual, and he seemed to know a lot about my condition. I felt comfortable asking questions of him.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
21	1	Have multiple hand and wrist problems so feel fortunate to have Dr. Clayburgh avaiable. Have had always excellent results with his help and surgical skills.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	Best service I have every received at a clinic. Thanks to Dr.  Clayburgh and his staff 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	-1	Dr.Clayburght did a wrist surgery on me and he cut the tendon in my wrist and when I went back to him he blew me off and told me there was nothing wrong with me. A year later I had to have major surgery to fix it when they removed some on my wrist bones and reattached my tendon. I will never got to this doctor again or valley bone and joint... if something goes wrong they will not fix what they broke! 	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Tricare
21	1	DR.CLAYBURGH takes the time to sit and listens. Makes you feel at home!!!!!! THANKS DR. CLAYBURGH 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	Dr.Christensen assisted me to conceive my children.  He has always been personable, understanding and kind.  The clinic staff was great past and present (Experience over 8 years on 3 seperate treatments with his practice). I have recommended Dr. Christensen several times over the years.  I have complete faith in him and his staff. I have always been treated with respect. I am currently working with this office again and am pleased with the communication and attentiveness thus far and thankful to be working with him and his staff again this time around.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	1	Without him I would not have my children.   His staff is wonderful and he listened to me more than anyone else would.  We have undiagnosed infertility and after 5 years of trying finally went to IVF.  It was never pushed and a decision we made on our own.  He tells you your options, but it's up to you to make the decision.  I like that! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	-1	He is all about the money and calls a treatment &quot;project&quot;. I specifically asked if he knows about tube blockage and should consider that for me but he did not and carried out a fruitless IUI on me with a cycle that his own RN calls a very good cycle. All he does is to make sure you spent a lot of money  on IUI and then he will suggest IVF afterwards. He does not have good record with the IVF either. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
23	-1	Was very unpleasent and unhelpful.  Did not have very nice bedside manner. 	5	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
23	-1	She made me feel as though I was doing something wrong. She sent me on my way feeling lost and confused, she didn't do any tests. After my problems got worse I went to another dr. who took the time to run some tests and and explain what might be going on with me. 	4	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	Very knowledgable 	5	1	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	Knowledgeable but his reports are so basic. They are not detailed nor helpful compared to reports from other hospitals. Spends too much time on the computer and gadgetry than on me. Also is a bit old fashioned in behavior compared to the newer docs around in the last year or so. Otherwise, personable and friendly. 	4	3	2	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	Extremely knowledgable but clinic seems to somewhat unable to present this information in a timely manner and the mailed reports are not very detailed. You usually wind up seeing the PA rather than the Doc himself.Had two of my appointments recheduled due to a no-show of the technican.  	 6/3/09	2	4	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	Never on time. Spends more time with his computer then with the patient.  		1	3	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	He is very knowledgeable and gives you detailed explanation of your problems and his plan for treating you in plain english. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	-1	My type 1 brother went unconscious and comatose from a low blood sugar. Was hospitalized at Innovis. I have type 1 diabetes also and requested endo consult to bring his blood sugars of 400 back into range.  Dr. Cabo Chan used a &quot;sliding scale&quot; insulin protocol which was too aggressive in my opinion. I had several phone conversations with him trying to convey this.  He told me I was being &quot;too theoretical and creating undue stress for myself.&quot;  The night before my brother was discharged to a rehab hospital, his blood sugar went to a severe hypoglycemic low level of 22. Perhaps the sliding scale has value for type 2 diabetics who are insulin resistant by definition. Not so for type 1 diabetics. Unfortunately, my brother's brain was emptied for the second time of glucose--its fuel source--by nurses following Dr. Cabo Chan's orders. My brother nearly died of the very thing which caused his entry into the hospital due to Cabo Chan's aggressive use of insulin. I deeply regret his consult.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
26	-1	Way to many patients to give proper care to all of them....... Every time I go to see him, he acts like he has never seen me, (I have been his patient for 2 1/2 years.  He always contradicts himself, he has so many patients packed into 1 day he can not posibly take the time each person deserves.  I spoke with him yesterday about feeling very sick for weeks and concerned it may be due to the meds, he said&quot;absolutely not&quot;, every website I have been on describes ALL of the effects I am having being due to the synthroid. Not impressed............  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	1	This is the first time that a doctor has taken the time to listen and understand my medical history.  He was very helpful and understanding.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
26	1	After years of not getting the help I needed I FINALLY felt I was listened to by Dr. Cabo Chan.  He took his time to listen to my story to help me get my problems solved.  I was very impressed.  I will be recommending him to anyone I know who needs a good endo.  I do have to travel 2 1/2 hours but it is very well worth every mile. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
