dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
9	1	 This Dr. was helpful with my conditions.  He recommended me on for PT which helped too.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Tricare
9	-1	 Seems insensitive.  Conscious of the clock. Too willing to write prescriptions rather than find cause.Seems to be oblivious to patient's needs and questions Seems very bored and not really listening.  Irritated if you don't &quot;understand&quot; immediately.  	3	3	1	2	Insurance:Humana
9	0	comments 	5	4	4	2	Insurance:Unknown
15	-1	commentsUpon initial evaluation he only spent 5 minutes diagnosing me.  He believed I was paranoid and diluional...and perscribed medication for such...I was not. 	1	5	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
17	-1	 I had to give a urine sample- when ask what for the doctor refuse to answer my questions and walked out of room. later I got a bill that my insurance refused to pay. I was charged for unnecessary tests that had nothing to do with my office visit.  Now I have to fight this charge in court  and on my credit rating. she would not give reasons and finally left the clinic.. she was very abusive with epidural injections and was very verbally abusive with office visits and during spinal epidurals.  she refused to give pain medication during procedures, which resulted in severe pain during procedures and weeks after procedure. I believe I am left with nerve damage resulting from her very rough epidural procedures.The staffing had problems with keeping appointments on time. We would wait for 2 hours after appt time to see the doctor.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Medicare
17	-1	 Dr Kihtir is a very pathetic excuse for a dr. All she is able to do is push meds on people and get them hooked and ruin their lives.  Stay away from this dr. if you value any relationships in your life or if you value your life at all.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Workers Comp
17	-1	 Rude, blunt, and would not listen to patient. Her opinion was more important than the patients.  	1	1	1	3	Insurance:Workers Comp
17	-1	commentspoor bedside manner , in a rush, doesnt answer questions,  more interested in being out of office than in, 	2	2	1	3	Insurance:Unknown
21	0	 Dr. Kidder missed my mother's stage 3 breast cancer. She told her the lump &quot;was nothing to worry about. &quot; 	5	5	2	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	 She is amazingly patient and kind. Don't be fooled by her &quot;harsh&quot; exterior.  She is very helpful.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	1	 Great doctor! A bit hard to understand at times, but oh well. Good service from her and staff.  Highly recommend! 	5	4	5	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$20
42	1	 He seemed burnt out. Maybe I caught him on bad day like we all have, I did not go back to him.  	5	4	4	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
42	1	commentsDr Kennedy was my doctor years ago in Alberta. His professional mannerism couldn't have been better for a shy young girl. He was awesome, there was no problem Dr Kennedy couldn't fix! Wish he was back in Red Deer! 		4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	 We have been receiving excellent care at St. Sophie's Psychiatric clinic. Very happy with our treatment. Dr. Kenney listened to us and was able to accurately give us a diagnosis.  He is extremely intelligent.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	1	commentsDoctor listens carefully,very knowledgeable,soft spoken,knows what he is doing,explains diseases mechanism,very polite and respectful to patients,I will highly refer my relatives and friends to this very young and best doctor. 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	 The Doctor took care of my Grandfather at St Alexius hospital..The Hospital is Great and so are the doctors .....Compassionate and Caring.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
74	0	 Dr. Sara is a huge disappointment promises are always broken your time is worth nothing 1/2 an hour late is typical.  	5	1	2	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$50
82	1	commentsNice guy. he was direct with the information and answered all my questions. 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
82	-1	 Cannot seem to get refills to pharmacy no matter if you call or go in personally for the refills.  Overlooks problems if you are 5-30 lbs overweight.  Blames most problems on being fat and old 	1	2	2	2	Insurance:Secure Horizons
90	1	 Dr. Kemp has been my doctor for 15 years and I refuse to see any other doctor! he is the best.  great bedside manner, patient, understanding and personable 	2	3	4	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
90	1	.  EXCELLENT AND CARING PHYSICIAN WHO KNOWS WHAT HE IS DOING AND SEEMS TO HAVE A TRUE CALLING TO MEDICINE 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
100	1	commentsGood Dentist from what i can tell, very friendly! Staff is rather pushy..they tend to forget that i'm the customer and my wishes are my wishes! 	1	5	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
100	1	 I saw Dr. Kangas for several cleanings and for the removal of my wisdom teeth (which I did without going under). He is very friendly and pleasant. My only complaint is while having my wisdom teeth removed he numbed my entire mouth (top right, bottom right, top left, bottom left) but then took the teeth out in a different order, requiring more Novocaine through the procedure than was possibly necessary. He kept a level head even when presented with a difficult situation (one of my wisdom teeth was hiding an extra toothlet making the removal of that one very difficult.  I wouldn't hesitate to recommend him to anyone! 	5	5	5	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
