dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	Dr. Matzke is thorough and friendly. He treated my skin cancer and have had good results. His staff and office, though very busy, is always polite and friendly.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
1	1	Dr. Matzke was very thorough...he made me feel at ease.  He was very knowledgeable about what I was asking him about my skin condition.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	1	Dr. Matzke has performed several surgeries on me for skin cancer. I've found that he takes great care to minimize the resulting scar. His surgical technique is state of the art. Of the six or so other dermatologists I've seen over the years, he has done the best job of them all.  	5	5	5	4 	Insurance:Veterans Administration
1	-1	The sum we were eventually forced to spend, above, is misleading, since it doesn't take into account the money we shelled out in numerous office visit copays, ineffective medication, missed work days, and finally, vet visits and pet medication. All for something that was suggested as being, progressively, a benign skin reaction, a possible poxvirus, and a potential strain of tuberculosis. Which, six weeks later,  turned out to be ringworm -- ringworm which had raged out of control and left me with weeping, bleeding blisters encrusting my hand. I distinctly recall bringing up the possibility of ringworm at the beginning of the six weeks of misery. In that time, my boyfriend also got it -- in the beard follicles on his face. In Matzke's defense, he did seem very concerned after about three weeks and called me once on the weekend during the time of the &quot;monkeypox&quot; theory. Also in his defense, nobody else at the derm dept. could figure it out either. It took an infectious disease doc.  	1	5	3	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	1	Dr. Moen was very friendly, supportive and reassuring. He was very helpful in explaining the process and was quite reassuring.I appreciated how much time he spent answering all of our questions and concerns. Even tho it was really busy he never acted as if he was going to race out the door.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	. He is a great family Doctor! 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
4	-1	inhumane 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	I found Dr. Miller to be very friendly and knowledgeable.  He spotted some problems without me even having to ask, and came up with good solutions.  He's always good about answering my questions.  Williston has tripled in size in the last 3 years due to the oil boom, so all doctors are carrying huge patient loads, which does lead to longer wait times.  His staff I am less pleased with, they have bungled my prescriptions several times, but Dr. Miller has always been great.  	2	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	-1	Treated me with a horrible lack of concern and demonstrated terrible knowledge of my problem (cardiac).  Completely disregarded my concerns.  Pompous attitude.  	5	3	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
5	-1	People of Dr. Millers nature do not come off as a person of true caring....nothing against him personally but professionals in the healthcare industry should be called into service, it IS NOT a business,but a calling...as the Greeks would lament in the complete unification of Body,Mind and soul....it is far to important to be treated as a cold and methodical business and in this regard Dr. Miller represents the business end! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
5	-1	Rude, disrespectful, cares nothing about the person he is seeing.   Dishonest 	1	4	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	. Kind, considerate, intelligent 		3	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	1	he was a great DR... he helped me a lot. he knew what he was doing. He was freindly and the office staff was good too. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	-1	Poor service, losts of billing mistakes, doens't spend enough time with you to  help, lets poorly trained staff do threapy so it doesn't help.  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	-1	In and out service. About 15-20 minutes late everytime I had an appointment. This doctor has even had complaints filed against him with the North Dakota Board of Chiropractor Examiners. I see why. Dr. Mosser just wants to get to the next patient without any cares.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	-1	Always running late. Staff is rude. Billings always a mess and when you talk to Amy she is always so rude it is not worth talking to her. Dr. Mosser will not doing anything about it. Dr. Mosser is nice but if something is not working is doesn't know what to do, he just keeps trying the same thing over and over again. I have been to other chiropractors and I know they can try different things but he seems to be stuck in a the same old mold. Maybe he thinks thats what keeps people coming back but not me I want to get better not just keep going back again and again. Not to mention that is staff makes so many mistakes they are hard to deal with.  	2	1	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	-1	Very poor care, runs you through the office like cattle gives you 10 minutes at the most. Office staff is very poor makes many mistakes on appointment. Many insurance and billing mistakes. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	Great doctor - takes his time and is very knowledgeable.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	1	Dr. Melicher is great, when there are issues with my prescription he works it out so that I can get back on track with my vision. He is attentive and spends a lot of time with me during each appointment. His assistant I'm not the most fond of due to some things she has said to me (that were outside the scope of medical care and not necessary to say) but I deal with her to see Dr. Melicher.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	The staff is also personable and helpful. Lisa is an amazing secretary! 		3	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	EXCELLENT DENTIST. I HAVE BEEN GOING TO HIM FOR OVER 20 YEARS! ALWAYS HELPFUL AND TRYS TO GET ME IN FOR AN APPOINTMENT ASAP. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	-1	Dr. McCann was my Mother's physician-and although she knew that my Mom had a heart murmur, she neglected to make sure that she had her heart checked each year, despite the fact that Mom went for a checkup with this doctor without fail.  Thanks to this doctor, my mother is no longer with us.  She died six months after having surgery for three leaky heart valves.  I can't believe that a doctor wouldn't take a few minutes to look back at a patient's history prior to each appointment so they would remember what they recommended at prior visits.  My Mom would probably be alive today if this doctor had offered more thorough care.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
11	-1	Not very knowledgeable.  Lots of talk, but not helpful.  Charges are very high and unreasonable.  Had to tell her when to do lab work, etc.  	2	2	2	2 	Insurance:Medicare
11	1	Dr Mallberg is excellent in patient care!  Her staff is top of the line also.  There is very little wait time in her office and she is very prompt and thorough in her visits.  She maintains diginity and respect for her patients and I am very impressed with the care that I have received in her office.   I would highly recommend her to others! 	 5/25/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
12	1	Dr. Monasky and his staff were amazing.  I was treated as though I was there number 1 priority at all times even though I know that could not have been the case as my injury was not severe or life threatening.  My surgery went quickly and without complication.  My back is better than it has been in years.   Thank you! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	1	This man saved the life of my 7 year old daughter after a severe head injury.   He was wonderful!!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	1	Did surgery on me and my husband absolutly love him.  Great and kind doctor.   Very smart! 	 11/25/07	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	1	Dr. Miller is punctual, knowledgeable, and always answers all of my questions and explains things clearly. She is kind but also is very factual.   I will always recommend her to anyone searching for a good physician! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	1	Dr. Miller is patient, helpful, kind, and respectful. She goes out of her way to help her patients and she never dismisses their opinions the way some doctors do. I now see her for everything including OB visits, and I'm glad I do.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	Dr. Mickelson was the OB I went with for my VBAC. I was never left waiting for very long, she always answered all my questions, and was generally impressed with my level of knowledge about my own situation. Towards the end I could tell she was getting nervous about attending my VBAC. In the end I was in charge of my birth and we had to agree to disagree about a few things (going over my due date, not inducing, and more). She ended up not being the OB on-call when I went in for the birth.  	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	-1	I had her since I was 3 months pregnant. First appointment was good (on time, she sounded helpful), however for next appointments, I had to wait minimum 1 hour. Few times, I was told she left and a NP will see me after waiting one hour, then I saw her walking around the hallway pretending she doesn't even know me. Sometimes, she'd come and spend 3 minutes with you and left without hearing If I have anything to say. And the worst part of all is: her hands are not professional, every time she checked me, I had to suffer severe pain. Most nurses can do it better without pain. Overall I had nightmare and few times wanted to change my OBG, anyway my overall experience was extremely bad with her.  	4	1	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	Dr. Mickelson was very knowledgeable and helpful for me. I had to have a colposcopy with her, and she did a wonderful job.  Follow-up appointment went well, she was very helpful.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	Dr. Munoz has answered every question completely.  He is obviously up to date with recent medical literature.  I completely trust his advice.  Due to his help, I can control my diabetes with minimal medications.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	Easy to talk to.  Did Fantastic surgery on my gall bladder.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
18	1	An excellent ENT doctor.  I would highly recommend to anyone.  Good bedside manner.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	15 years with this doc.  He is very caring & trustworthy.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	1	He is a very understanding doctor. He does a great job of listening to what you medical problem is, and finding a solution that fits your needs. I am happy to have found a doctor such as Dr. Mees, and would recomend him to anyone looking for a trustworthy doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	Old school but knows his stuff. Friendly.  	 6/3/09	4	2	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	1	Very Knowledgeable. Older technologies, but they worked for us. 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	Awesome-great surgeon for total hip replacament.Small incision,short recoery time. Best there is!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	-1	I have never left a doctor's office crying because the doctor personally offended me so much. I'm not exactly skinny, but he probably shouldn't guess a patient's weight (and be wrong). He probably shouldn't make comments about &quot;cutting you in half.&quot; He probably shouldn't make comments about black people causing crime. Maybe he's a good doctor -- maybe -- but his bedside manner is so offensive that I really will never find out. Perhaps he's a good ol' boy and thinks snarky comments about weight is helpful&#63; Perhaps he thinks nothing of making a racist comment here or there&#63; I left in tears. Part of my tears had to do with being insulted. But part is wondering why I didn't stand up for myself. Near the end of the appointment I kind of did. But honestly, you expect a doctor to treat you professionally and have a professional relationship. That is NOT what you'll get here. Did I get him on a bad day&#63; Maybe&#63; But he said it all with a smile. I'll never return. 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	Had to take my 6 year old in on a saturday morning with a rock in her ear.  Dr Moe was amazing.  He was so great with her and down to earth with me.  Very knowledgable and kind.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	1	An excellent, very helpful doctor. He saw my son for bad reactions to shots he had that day. He did a very thorough work-up and took my concerns very seriously. He really listened and was good with my 5 year old. He also knew a lot about the potential complications and problems my son could be having. He didn't think twice about running all of those tests even though it kept us, and him, long after closing time. A true professional.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	Excellent surgeon and very nice doctor.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	-1	I waited 45 min and she was out the door in under 4.  Great nurse, the doc seemed to know nothing about me or why I was there.  Totally un helpfull.  Last time I'll see her.  	5	1	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
27	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	Very pleasant, knowledgable, the staff was very helpful and friendly.  He comes highly recommended from our surrounding community!  He cares about your overall oral health. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	Dr. McCamy is the BEST. He is very informative with his knowledge, takes the time to LISTEN,CARE,IS CONCERNED &amp; RESPECT for all YOUR needs. iF YOU need a GREAT doctor see Dr. McCamy He is the Best and he is @ the West Fargo Sanford Health on Sheyenne Street.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
29	1	Very friendly, caring physician. Accepts new patients. However, the appointment/reception staffs are real gatekeepers. This doctor books out two to three weeks ahead for appointments and his standing day off is Thursday. We have always been very pleased with his care and treatment.  	3	3	4	4 	Insurance:Humana
30	1	Seems to be very thorough and asks clear and meaningful questions in regards to treatment and options available.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	1	Dr. Matheson is very knowledgable and is willing to send you somewhere if you need to be transfered and doesn't try to sit and take care of you if you need higher level of care.  He has his patients at his best interest.  I greatly disagree with the other review.  He is great with kids.  He goes to their level of understanding and uses a calm approach.  He is also execellent in a car accident or other EMERGENCY situation.  I would take any of my family to him.  He is a great doctor.  	4	5	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	-1	This doctor would not even make a good vet. Doesn't even attempt to help you just wants to send you away to another hospital. Think they would get rid of him just because of the money he costs them. He has no compassion at all. Needs to go ahead with his dreams of wait to be cowboy and rancher. Twice now I have had emergency situations with my husband and a failing liver. THe first time the doctor told the nurse to tell me over the phone he could help him, take him somewhere else. The second time he did actually see him and said he was gooing to said him somewhere else. Now we only use the emergency room when we don't know what else to do, but it won't be in Bowman ND with Vet Matheson even if it is just  the neiborhood rat needing help. 	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	Dr. Messerly is awesome.  We have been using her for seven years...my boys feel comfortable.  She is patient and does a thorough job explaining diagnosis.  Highly recommended! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	I have been a patient of Dr. McDonoughs for over 10 years and I wouldn't want to go to anyone else.  I always get an immediate call back when I have concerns and she gets me in to see her if I am not well.  I have recommended her to many people as I feel she and her staff care about me and believe me in when I tell them I am not feeling well.  She listens to me when I tell her what problems I am having and if she doesn't know the answer she will refer me to a specialist that does.  I feel I can trust her and do trust her.  I feel she has my best interest at heart and see her for everything.  I have allergies and she wrote a letter to my insurance company to help reduce the price of my allegra D since other medication didn't work.  She has always been very helpful.  	4	2	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	-1	she was the most horrible doctor i've EVER BEEN TOO. didn't bother to call me back (had her secretary do it!) after i tried to call with a complaint, and then proceeded to agree with me on my visit, with helping my husband and i get financial assistance and seeing a pain specialist, THEN called me back THE NEXT DAY and told me NO to both of those things.  WORST DOCTOR I HAVE EVER HAD, DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME AND YOUR MONEY ON HER!!!!!!!!!!!!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	-1	I would also not recommend her for baby care. She goes against recommendations by not only the American Association of Pediatrics but, also the World Health Organization AND the teaching of her clinic where she did her clinical training (where my father also did his and was NEVER taught to supplement unless necessary or to give food before 6 months. All this is hogwash. She recommends the CIO method (cry it out) where you leave your baby for extended periods to cry, alone, without comfort, why would anyone want a doctor who recommends that&#63; I would look elsewhere, there are many doctors in town that would not tell you this.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	1	Talked to me throughout the examination -- what she what doing, the significance, and recommendations. She was straightforward, friendly, and talked in a manner that was easy to understand. I was impressed with her demeanor and knowledge base. I will definitely go back to her again.  		3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	-1	Friendly but condescending. Doesn't like to share medical details with patients, just says things like &quot;you'll be fine.&quot; Sabotaged my breastfeeding relationship by insisting I supplement with formula, and told me my son needed solids at 4 months despite AAP recommendation to the contrary. She was fine for regular visits and has a gentle touch for Pap smears. I'd go to her again for ordinary illnesses and GYN visits, but never again for a pregnancy or baby care. 		4	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
34	-1	Dr Magura briefly was my GP when she practiced in Winnipeg Canada.  I saw her for repeated diahrea.After a few tests which were normal,  she decided my problem was  an unspecified psychological condition.  I asked her if she would continue to look after me in order to resolve this problem and she said &quot;No, she did not want to have patients like me in her practice because that would encourage other people like me to come to her for medical care&quot;.  Eventually I determined that my  problem was lactose intolerance,  a common condition.  I did not have any psychological disorder then or since and share this story now because I never forgot this unhelpful physician. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	She was very Direct and to the Point which is great when you are going to a walk-in clinic.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	1	Dr Magura was my doctor 22 yrs ago when she was in Canada. I am a Crohn's patient and she saved my life!! I have had many dr's since and nobody has ever compared to her. My sisters also had Dr. Magura as their doctor and we all would love to have her back. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	Dr. Magura was very quick and to-the-point, which I appreciated (my problem was not painful or serious and turned out to be only a common virus).  She was respectful and did not treat me like an idiot, as some doctors do to young women. She printed off some very interesting and helpful information for me and sent me on my way - I was only 10 minutes late for work.   I would not mind seeing her again at the walk-in! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
34	1	She was my doctor in Winnipeg, delivered and cared for all 3 of my children as well as myself, the best doctor I have found to date, I miss her. 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
34	-1	I have had her twice and both times had a misdiagnosis.  One time I knew I was having an allergic reaction to monistat cream, she told me I had herpes.  I was horrified!  I was almost certain I did not, but I was still worried.  She then proceded to tell me she did not have time to talk to me about her diagnosis and that I would need to go see someone else!  She was very rude!!  As it turned out, I was right, no herpes!!  I had to go to another doctor to get antibiotics and something to cure the yeast infection, and an anti-hystamine for the rash.  My brother has also seen her and had her misdiagnose him. 	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
34	-1	Rushed and unhelpful.  Dismissed one problem as because of a cold but though I took her medicine still have it months later. 	4	3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	She was my doctor many years ago in Winnipeg.  Wish she would come back, as she is a wonderful doctor. 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
34	-1	i have now seen her twice at the walk-in and she has been rude right from the beginning each time. I went in with a painful ear infection, initially started by a cartilge piercing and had travelled inside my ear. she scolded me for getting my ears pierced, and i am 22 years old. i went in again with stomache pains. she ran a bunch of expensive tests, told me my liver looked concerning but didn't know why and that i could go see another doctor if i wanted. i will not see her if she's the only doctor available at the walk-in. 	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	She was our physician when she was in Canada, and we miss her, and wish she'd come back. 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
34	-1	Dr. Magura told me I needed to see a regular doctor and I could not come in to the walk-in clinic and expect a miracle.  	1	3	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	-1	She prescribed two very powerful medications which the pharmacist and another physician said I should not take together at the amounts prescribed. I also passed out in her office and vitals were not taken again.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	1	Best Doctor Ever. In fact, since I had to move away I have had problems finding a doctor I trust as much and look forward to seeing him when we are in town. If anything was really wrong with me. It would be worth the 500 mile drive.  Absolutely!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	1	Top Notch Doctor with great problem solving skills.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	1	Her nurse is really nice. Dr. Mullins was helpful and knowledgeable about what start trying for my headaches. though they didn't get better then, i believe she would have kept trying things to find something that worked for me. i would have kept going to her if i was still in the area.  	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	0	. Not the best! 	 9/12/07	4	2	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
