dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	DR.Bonnie Walker has been treating me for several years. I presented to her, bedridden with a serious and debilitating, illness. She has been excellent in the care of my illness. She has done whatever research needed in order to get me the best treatment plan possible. As I was so sick and couldn't care for many of my own needs, its taken years for me to heal. Yet, had I not had acupuncture, chiropractic, supplements , etc., I know that I would still be in bed. She has guided me, with such kindness, into a better quality of life.  She and her staff take extra care in the treatment of their patients. Always taking the attitude that patient care doesn't stop when you leave the office and that it begins when the phone is answered. Dr. Bonnie goes that extra mile, which is so rare, in health care today. I would highly recommend her to anyone in need or anyone who needs to just get back some of their lost energy and vitality. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	Dr Bonnie is extremely thorough, knowledgeable and compassionate. She taught me more than I ever knew about my condition and resolved my problem quickly. She gave me lots of suggestions of diet and lifestyle practices I could do to keep myself healthy. She is the best all-around doctor of any kind I have ever been to! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	-1	Arrogant...did not send  breast biopsy report to lab...resulting at least partially in undetected breast cancer.  Have heard others complain about his attitude. 	3	3	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	Dr Wadon is a great Dr too be able to be seen by she is really onto her patents and there well being.She was the only Dr that took time out to help me when no other Dr could really find out what was wrong with me and I want to Thank her for that.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
3	1	The best Neurosurgeon to ever live.  I think all of these other people are on steroids or need brain surgery because Dr. Wadon is wonderful. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	I suddenly developed seizures and was diagnosed with a very large brain tumor.Dr Wadon removed my tumor and saved my life. Iam now disease free and no longer have seizures. I am very thankful for her tremendous skills and for the caring, compassionate care she provided for me.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
3	1	Dr. Wadon operated on me for a ruptured aneurysm.I was very sick on life support and she saved me so I can now enjoy my life and my family. She is one of god's angels.I think those who slander her sound like drug addicts or drug dealers, as she is wonderful 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	-1	she is the worst and will not give any pain meds. after surgery and leaves you out in the cold. never even talked with family about what next to do.I am looking into sueing and now having to get another doctor to fix her mess upl 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
3	-1	TERRIBLE, I HAVE NO IDEA WHO WROTE THOSE OTHER RATINGS SAYING SHE CARES SHE IS TERRIBLE AND DOES NOT CARE ABOUT NOTHING BUT MONEY,SHE KNOWS SHE IS THE ONLY NEUROSURGEON IN THE AREA AND SHE LEAVES HER PATIENTS IN A MESS. I THINK SHE NEEDS TO RETIRE AND GET OUT OF THIS COUNTRY I AM HAVING TO FIND SOMEONE TO FIX HER MESS!!! 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	How do you rate someone who saved a life&#63; Can you put a value on it&#63; Our thanks to her and our deepest gratitude 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	Dr Wadon is the most personable, informative and kind doctor I have experienced. She performed carpal tunnel release surgery on both my hands and like the 1st person to comment, I too have no visible scars. Should I ever require head/brain surgery, she is the only surgeon in Fayetteville I would trust. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	I had two surgeries with this MD and both times I was treated with respect and courtesy. My pain was kept under control and my follow-up care was excellent. I would recommend this MD to anyone. On top of that, I had virtually no scarring with such a small incision for carpal tunnel surgery. Usually your hand is cut from your wrist to your palm. This MD made a tiny cut along the natural line in my hand. Barely noticeable. 	 4/2/06		5	5	Insurance:Unknown
3	-1	she left me out in the cold basically all she did was mess up and if you need medication after her surgery you have to find a doctor who will prescribe it how can you preform a surgery and not give any medication and then not even come by and check on you in the hospital at all, she sends other doctors to check and make sure you are still sane from her wrath 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	Very wise and personable...very methodical and listens to parents.  Remembers patients and children love him.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
4	1	Great with the children and very thorough.  He takes every concern seriously.  He also writes things down for me and that little effort has helped me time and time again when the children are sick and I am trying to remember his instructions.  Great doc!  Thanks Dr.  Brad! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
5	1	Dr. Washington is a very great physician to have. Straight up with you as far as your condition. Very caring and understanding. I highly recommend him. The staff is just awesome been his patient for over 10 years... 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	HE LISTENS AND CARES ABOUT YOU AND DOES NOT TRY TO MAKE DECISIONS NOT DISCUSSED WITH YOU FIRST 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	-1	This man is a hack. He absolutely knows nothing about cancer and how to treat and operate for prostate cancer, which in effect caused my bladder cancer. It also had to be removed and took 8 hours to preform the procedure in order to correct what had been done previously and remove the bladder. I had to go to UNC at Chapel Hill in order to have problem corrected and my bladder removed.  	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	1	Very understanding, Well at answering questions. Not forceful towards a parents way of parenting. Would recommend him to anyone.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
9	1	Excellent Doctor and Staff. Had prostrate cancer and Dr Watson performed robotic surgery and took complete care of me.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
9	1	new patient 	5	5	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	Dr kyle is an amazing doctor! Hes personality is awesome!..and way of explaining the procedures are very helpful! I highly recommend him and his office! Thank you! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	Dr. Kyle knows the body.  I was able to understand wht was done, his treatments are wonderful and I haven't had a headache in over 5 weeks 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	1	Takes the time to explain all treatments and medications.  Really listens to you and treats you as a person.  Does not stand with one hand on the doorknob.  Wise enough to know what is out of his field of expertise and recommends the appropriate physicians for your current condition.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
12	1	.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
13	1	she is very very helpful and knowledgeable. she's not an M.D. but is a LNP so can offer all of the treatmetns an M.D. can.  She is very kind and patient and has always saved the day with my dermatology problems.  I would highly recommend seeing her for any skin care needs.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	Don’t be fooled by Dr. Walther’s boyish good looks, he is very thorough and he is very kind. He doesn’t rush you in and then out. He is a fabulous doctor! I highly recommend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	1	. Good doctor 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	. Excellent doctor! I give him total credit with saving my life 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
16	1	Dr Wakefield has an excellent bed side manner. Very pleased with the surgery. And him saving my life.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
16	-1	doctor made declaration of my disease to staff after I told him not to. He sent my personal info to other doctors w/o my permission.his henchwoman called me &amp; put the blame on me.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
17	-1	Might be good for routine office calls, but anything more serious, find another doctor. I know more people who experienced bad results once they got to the hospital with his advice. 	3	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
17	-1	Dr. Warhaftig was the worst doctor I have ever been to. Very unprofessional. I asked him a question, which apparently he thought was dumb.  He laughed and sarcastically answered my question in a mean tone, which upset me greatly.  I will never come back to this doctor.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:AARP
17	1	The only bad thing I have to say about Dr. Warhaftig is that when you go to him expect to wait and wait and wait. BUT, that is because he is a popular doctor because of how good he is, and because he listens to his patients.  He is known to be too chatty sometimes, hence the waiting, but there has only been a handful of times where he has not given me a lot of time.  Normally, his jovial self comes in and you immediately feel better.  His personality is contagious.  He knows what he is doing and gets to know his patients very well -- in the sense of him basically knowing what I'm going to say before I say it.  He not only takes time to listen to patients concerns, but he gives his undivided attention (normally...like I said, he's a big talker!)  But still, I can talk with him about anything!!  He stays up-to-date on medical conditions and if something comes up (like my rare genetic disorder) that he isn't familiar with, he researches it while you are there in his office! 	3	1	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	An awesome doctor.  Like others have said, he is funny, personable and listens to you.  Plus he's extremely bright and up-to-date on health matters.  I can't say good enough things about this guy.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	Dr. Warhaftig is the best doctor I have ever had. He was recommended to me by a coworker at New Hanover Regional Medical Center. Every time I visited his office he was kind, warm and made me feel as if I had his undivided attention. His sense of humor is great, too. I work around doctors, and not many are as relatable and down to earth as he is. He always gave me a chance to describe from my own body's perspective what didn't feel right/well. Many doctors are quick to cut short or dismiss this step in patient care, but Dr. Warhaftig always heard me out. I have since moved from the area and I greatly miss being one of his patients. I would highly, highly recommend him to anyone.  Wonderful doctor, excellent care! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
17	1	Dr.Warhaftig has been my physician for about 2 years. He is absolutely the best doctor I have ever visited. He always gives me his undivided attention,listens to my concerns,and answers my questions. His bedside manner is exceptional. He is conversational, warm, friendly, and makes you feel very comfortable when discussing symptoms and ailments that may be uncomfortable to discuss. His sense of humor puts one at ease,and you feel that he's on your level.I recently became very sick,very unexpectedly, requiring immediate treatment. He went above and beyond (at least compared to any doctor I have ever visited)and provided me with the best treatment and care possible.Rarely does one leave a drs. visit feeling they have had their questions answered,feel confident about their treatment, and feel their physician actually cares about them. Dr.Warhaftig is that doctor & I recommend him to everyone. He's an exceptional physician and I will never see another physician but him. He's that good.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	Great doctor, I believe the best doctor I've had! Always does whatever he can to help make my visit a good one and has a vast knowledge in the field. He's been a big help to me and I would tell anyone who needs a new doctor to give him a try. 	 9/20/07	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	Excellent physician who takes the time to listen to patients, not meet and street.  She is thorough, kind, considerate and thoughful, everything you look for in a good family physician.  I am comfortable enough to tell her anything.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
19	1	WENT TO DR.WATSON FOR 6 YEARS. VERY KNOWLEDGEABLE, FRIENDLY AND SPENT AMPLE TIME WITH ME ON EACH VISIT.HER STAFF WAS VERY HELPFUL ALSO.SHE WORK WELL WITH FAMILY MEMBERS TO HELP WITH MY HEALTH CONCERNS/ PROBLEMS.SHE ALSO COMMUNICATED WITH MY OTHER DOCTORS WHEN NEEDED ON MY HEALTH MATTERS.SOMETIMES THE WAIT IN WAING ROOM WOULD BE LONG, BUT TO SEE HER IT WAS WORTH THE WAIT. I WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND HER. 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	I had hemorrhoid surgery and many folks told me how awful it was going to be in general (even other medical folks). With Dr.Waters it was not a walk in the park (after all it is hemorrhoid surgery), but it was NOT the horrible experience everyone else told me it would be. My best friend that had the same surgery in Florida and had a bad time was shocked at how well I did. She confirmed I had a great surgeon!   He made sure you were treated as if you were his ONLY patient. He even called me when I emailed him that I had questions about my surgery and asked if it was a good time for me to talk, he was concerned for MY time even though he is a very busy doctor.  I had complete trust in him and he did a great job!! I highly recommend him! Especially if you got to get rid of those horrible roids! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	1	This is one of the better colorectal doctors I have seen.  Have had surgery with him and he is always supportive and I feel comfortable with his judgment.  He has a great bed side manner that puts you at ease.  	4	1	5	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	-1	I saw him for assessment of my dx of colon cancer.  He was rude, arrogant, and told me what he WOULD do with out presenting and options, and told me that I HAD to do it his way without answering any of my questions.  I have been an ER nurse for 20 years and had a list of questions suggested by the American Cancer Society that chould be asked before deciding what to do.  I got a second consult with a different doctor, had my colon and rectum removed with an IPAA and Am doing very well.   I will not recommend him to anyone! 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	1	Not only a wonderful surgeon but very caring.  Took the time to make sure I understood everything.  Care was excellent and he checked on me every day.  His whole team was great.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	0	This Dr. talks in circles. He cant focus on whats at hand. I dont know why I ever even attempted on being on time, because he is NEVER on time.It's hard to know where you stand w/ this DR. he's a little vague but it might just be the incoherence. He's a nice individual and I can tell he really wants to help but I wouldn't recommend him to anyone. 	4	2	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	Dr. Wade was very knowledgeable and kind physician 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	Dr. Walker is who I went to as a child and now my girls go to him....  He is amazing! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	As you can see from all the other comments, you will not find a better pediatrician anywhere.  If you're searching for a Dr. for your child, you won't go wrong with Dr. Walker.  There is no doubt that God made Dr. Walker for this purpose. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	Willing to evaluate health related problems in and out of the office. I'm 20 and still go to Forsyth Pediatrics. GO DR. WALKER! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	He is the best....The one we always ask for.  The kids love him and so do I. He is always in a great mood and is willing to spend as much time as you need to make sure your children are taken care of.  Very prompt and knows his stuff.....One of the best anywhere....Take your kids to him and you will never switch...  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
23	1	Love him...as well as my three children. He is great with kids and gives it to you plain and straight. Would not go to anyone else for ADD. One visit with him and you will see why families are grateful he practices in Kernersville.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	He is the best. Great with children and makes sure that the parents understand what is going on. He will answer any and all questions regardless of how long it takes. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	The absolute BEST! Great with children and helps to ease the parent's mind tremendously. Very knowledegable and thorough.  Kids LOVE him! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	The best dr. on the planet. Very informative, and goes out on a limb to give you proper medical care.  Very down to earth, and very good at accomodating needs 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	-1	 	4	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
26	-1	This doctor was rude to me and very uncaring. 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	A very good caring MD. The best doctor that i have had since 2003. Nice and a good personality.Open minded, Very through. Have had a problem with my legs for several years. I thought I had RLS, or PAD. But, she was able to quickly diagnose me with perphial neuropathy, other doctors had dismissed my complaints or told me it was all in my head. Hope to keep this doctor as my primary doctor for many years.  Try her, you won't be disappointed! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
28	1	Very nice young doctor. Knows his stuff and willing to listen.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
29	-1	I agree, very bad doctor with bad manners. Unhelpful and I would never recommend him. Rude and arrogant manner, dismissive of patients, and a cherry-picker. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
29	-1	He is arrogant and resists referrals to other doctors when he is stumped.  Nearly killed my husband with his delays.  Very nasty to me when I questioned his choices.  I would not in good faith recommend him to anyone.  Very nasty bedside manner.  	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
29	-1	Wrote me a letter to dismiss me as a patient as I had to use a week-end facility, when he was closed, but followed up with his office. He turned beet red, and told me that for this reason, of seeing another facility, he could not be my doctor any longer. His nurse/wife tsk'd and tsk'd over my Latex allergy and insisted that I should carry a pair of latex free gloves with me at all times, and asked, &quot;Isn't there take allergy pills I could take for the latex allergy. Her hands got a rash from the non latex gloves. ( I wonder if there is a pill for her to take&#63;) I am glad I was &quot;dismissed&quot; from his care, as such a person would not have my best interest at heart in treating me for life. Spend your Healthcare dollars elsewhere.  		2	1	3 	Insurance:Medicare
29	-1	Poor doctor. Orders excessive expensive tests and labs. Terrible bedside manner. If you need to go to a doctor, you can easily find a much better doctor. Drive to Wilmington or Myrtle Beach!!!! 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
30	-1	Elderly patient that needs attention, no receiving the attention needed.  Takes three days to get a response after contacting regarding medical status. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	VERY KNOWLEDGABLE,HELPFUL AND CARING,A REALIST 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	-1	Would not take my dog here.   3 minute doctor. Does not listen to you.  	1	1	2	2 	Insurance:Medicare
32	-1	This is without a doubt, the rudest doctor I have ever had the misfortune to encounter. I was embarrassed, upset and emotionally drained when I called his nurse to ask a question.She was not helpful on the phone and would not listen to my simple request for a call back from the doctor about a potentially dangerous side effect of a drug that he prescribed for my child. I was told to bring my child in immediately. When I arrived I was told by Dr. Washburn that I seemed upset and he demanded to know what the nurse had communicated to me. He then told me that he did not EVER return calls and that if a patient needed to speak to him they must come in to the office to see him. I then told him that I could not afford to see him when all I had was a simple question for him. He again loudly reminded me that he NEVER returned calls and if I did not think he was worth it that I needed to find another doctor. I will find another doctor. 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	Caring physician.  Very up to date on the latest technology.  Excellent bedside manner. Excellent statewide reputation. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	Calm competent reassuring. WIsh she was my mother but glad she is so interested in me and my family situation. Like a breath of fresh air IMHO.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:BC Med
35	-1	This women scared the h@## out of me i was 34 weeks pregnet when i saw her a routine visit i thought she was a NP she gave me my first cervix check and stripped my membrains which made me go into labor 2 weeks early.  Did i say it hurt it felt worse then my labor!! 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
35	0	She scared me with her unprofessional manner. She said inappropriate things to me once. I switched doctors.  	4	4	1	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
35	1	. Dr watson is the best ob docter in asheville i would recamend her to ever woman 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	1	Dr. Watts is very thourough, which is his strength and weakness.  If you are looking for GREAT quality care, but are willing to wait to see him, then he is the Dr. to see.  He will most assuredly take his time to talk to you, and find out what is wrong with you.  	1	1	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
36	-1	He is pushing too much medicine with many contraindications between medicines. Does not take appropriate time and a considerable amount of care with some of his patients.  		1	1	3 	Insurance:Medicare
37	1	I think the world of Dr. Wallen.  He is an excellent doctor/surgeon.  My surgery was a huge success and I was back on my feet a lot sooner than expected.  He is a wonderful physician with a very caring heart.  I would definitely recommend him to do any surgery with regards to the kidney.   He is excellent! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
37	1	Dr. Wallen is very caring and is quick to answer emails and phone calls. He answers questions, is kind and very knowledgable. He performed surgery for prostate cancer and we have been more than pleased with the results. He has an excellent staff to guide you through thie process of cancer. If you have to deal with this issue, we highly reccommend him. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	DR.WARREN IS EXTREMELY KNOWLEDGEABLE.  HE HAS VASTLY IMPROVED MY DIABETES AND OVERALL FEELING OF WELLNESS.  HE IS EFFICIENT AND A GOOD LISTENER.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	1	Dr Walter is friendly and knowledgeable.  I loved the fact that she always took time with us and felt that she really connected with our daughter.  She makes suggestions and recommendations, but realizes that parents know their children best and respects their personal views.  We were sad to leave her when we moved to another state.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
40	1	My primary recommended I make an appt with a certain gastroenterologist.  I checked to see if there were any reviews, there were --the reviews were horrible.  Out of curiosity I decided to check on other physicians who services I patronized (dermatologist, endocrinologist, etc).  I was quite surprised to see that Dr. Walden had received a negative rating.  Why&#63;  Because I was misdiagnosed twice by two other endocrinologists, by the time I got to Dr. Walden I was a basket case as my condition had only worsened. He explained and helped me understand my illness how best it could be treated. He answered ALL of my questions and there were many.  All ratings are opinions, and in my opinion, Dr. Walden is an excellent physician. Therefore, I have decided to keep my appt with the gastro doctor based on the positive recommendation of my primary doctor and a friend who is a patient.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	-1	I was very unhappy with the services Dr. Walden provided. Although I waited for nearly a hour to get my results, he was very short and talked more abt the surgery I may have to get instead of waiting on lab results to see if its necessary. I'm not sure why my GP referred me to him. His services are indeed poor and I felt like with the copays and appts, I've wasted nothing but my time.  	3	1	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	-1	he was very unaproacable.  when asked a question different from what he diagnosed you with then Dr.Waldens aditude is &quot;are you an endocronologist&quot;.  no other doctors opinions mattered to him. very smug and seemed to have a &quot;god&quot; complex.  as if you are not a dr then you are stupid.  i'm not a mechanic but i can still fix my car.  when i asked about something i had read online ( mayoclinic website) he just said &quot; whatever&quot;.  he didnt even know that RAI treatment can be dangerous to people around you.  Dr waldens reply was only to babies.  	3	3	1	2 	Insurance:CIGNA
41	0	I went to the dentist as a child I am now 27. He was very mean, a quality you would not expect from a child dentist.  He also talked down to my mother in a meeting concerning my teeth.  Please dont send your children here! 	1	2	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
41	-1	I would NEVER recommend this dentist. He is horrible and so mean. 	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	VERY PATIENT ORIENTED.  WILL LISTEN TO THE PATIENT THEN OFFER ADVICE /HELP. 	4	5	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	Dr. Ward is the 'painless Dentist'. He is very good. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	excellent anesthesiologist.  very caring, considerate and helpful 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	Staff is very friendly and office environment is clean and nice. However, Dr. Ward has no compassion for people and lacks bedside manner. He uses medical terms not familiar to the average person and is very brash in explanation. He did not give good quality care and dismissed my symptoms. I sought a 2nd opinion by another MD. Dr. Ward set my treatment back by 2 weeks because he did not prescribe the right medications according to 2nd doctor. I missed 3 weeks of work and was written out of work by 2 different doctors. Dr. Ward thought I should &quot;deal with it&quot; and return to work immediately. I would not recommend this doctor.  There are better ones out there! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
46	-1	Would not recommend this office. Very inconsiderate, cold, and unfeeling staff. Additonally, their policies are not customer/patient friendly. Arrived 2 mins before appointment time but appointment was canceled because it was not &quot;15&quot; mins before. Extremely frustrating and insensitive to the patient's time and money. You cannot tell me that an office that operates in that manner is concerned with yours or my care. I would seriously re-think this doctor as your choice. Coming from work, it caused me to lose 1-full hour of sick time. Who can afford that&#63; 	1	2	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	Dr. Watters is a wonderful surgeon. He is very compasionate and spends a great deal of time explaining things to you as well as answering any questions that you may have. I have had two surgeries with him. Both times have been a good experience.  I can hardly even tell where the surgical scars are anymore. He is the only surgeon I will ever use until he retires, hopefully not anytime soon. His staff is also wonderful.  Always smiling faces and very concerned with how you are doing.  You always get a courtesy call to remind you of appointments. They also call to check on you the day after surgey.  The waiting time is never to long.  I believe the longest I have waited is ten minutes.  I recommend Dr. Watters to anyone who is looking for a general surgeon.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
47	1	I love Dr. Walker. She's the best and sooo knowledgble. She is an expert in international adoption as well. She made things easy for us when we started seeing her on our transition w/ our child. Only thing is every time I go, i'm there a min. of 1 1/2 to 2 hours b/c it takes almost 45 min past my apt. time to see her. Then I feel she is always rushed b/c she has so many patients waiting. I just wish she had more time to be able to sit and chit chat w/o being rushed to move to the next patient. But she is worth waiting every moment. Her staff is wonderful too. I've called them in the middle of the night. It's also very easy to talk to Dr. Walker on the phone if you have a question about ANYTHING. She's been voted the one of the best Dr's in Charlotte several years running. I drive 30 min just to be able to take my son there and love it.  	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
48	1	Dr. Walker was very knowledgeable, compassionate, and patient with me, I loved him! He took time to answer my questions and explain things to me and I didn't feel rushed. The office staff was really nice too. Very positive experience and overall very impressed. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	Dr. Way has one of the most kind and caring bedside manner I've ever experienced.  He is very knowledgeable about his work and is with you every step of the way.  After my surgery, I had to go to the emergency room and he was right there.  He is clear on the procedure he is performing and clear on aftercare.  If you need to see him anytime after your surgery, you can usually see him the same day.  I was very impressed with his concern about my aftercare.  I would definately recommend Dr. Way for surgical procedures.  Dr. Way's staff is also caring and concerned about your well being.  They are polite and courtious.  I was usually taken back to be seen as soon as I hit the door.  I rate this surgeon and his staff as excellent in all areas of this rating tool.  Thank You Dr.  Way and Staff! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
50	1	Very informative and kind.  Would take the time to listen to you. Vickie Sloop 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
51	-1	.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
51	-1	Terrible experience - and I saw him for 24+ months. I didn't realize how incompetent he wad until I saw several other doctors. I was probably misdiagnosed and prescribed unnecessary or inappropriate drugs. He diagnosed my condition in about 15 minutes based upon my responses to a social worker who was filling out yes/no responses to a standard questionaire - and who clearly didn't understand all of the questions.  Issues were usually addressed by adding additional drugs without discontinuing others.  I complained of low libido and instead of looking at the posdible effects of the drugs I was taking and considering alternatives, he said I needed to discuss the matter with the social worker. Freaked out when I started crying in his office one day.  Most disturbing is that several medical professionals have implied that they are aware that he is not particularly competent - yet no one will do anything since according to licensing standards, he is at least minimally competent.  	5	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
51	-1	He is strictly a psychopharmacologist.  I suggested he prescribe a new course of treatment but he refused, saying he didn't know enough about it, even though i had been mentioning it as a possibility for several previous visits. I had printed out a scholarly article on its use and he said he had never seen it before though i had no trouble finding it on the internet.  It was obvious he had done no serious research on his own.  No empathy whatsoever.  	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
51	-1	I was made to feel uncomfortable. I found no rapport or comfort level with this doctor. My questions were not adequately answered. I felt like I was rushed in and out like cattle. Never would I recommend this physician to any other and regret any visit to him..A very unprofessional experience that was unsettling to me.... 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
51	-1	Having many years experience as a psychiatric clinician as well as a patient, I did not find Dr. Wallace to be engaging, nor was he helpful in terms of his feedback and responses during our conversations. Most of the time, the best he could do was &quot;I understand.&quot; Any competent clinician can tell you this is not a particularly helpful or thought provoking response. I also found Dr. Wallace not responsive to my medication discussions. I believe his conception of my symptoms was not accurate . Also, several other pschiatrists I have seen over the years have all prescribed a particular type of medication. Dr. Wallace would not. I was willing to try it without that medication, but when that wasn't helping, he wasn't willing to try represcribing it. As a clinician, I've worked with many psychiatrists over the years. I do not consider Dr. Wallace one of the more effective ones in that group.  	4	5	2	2 	Insurance:Aetna
51	-1	Did not listen to me about medications,I had to ask Dr. Wallace to please look at me when I talked to him.  He was never interested in what I had to say,Five minute visits 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
51	-1	I saw Dr. Wallace a number of years ago, after being recently diagnosed with major depressive disorder. Dr. Wallace never ONCE asked me if I was feeling suicidal/having suicidal thoughts, but he jumped very quickly to recommending ECT when the first course of medication he tried didn't work very well, and seemed offended when I wasn't all that receptive to the idea. I requested that I be switched to a different doctor within his practice, and neither he nor his nurse would respond to my calls - I was on a high dose of Paxil and had no refills, and ended up having to go to my GP so I wouldn't have to go cold turkey off the Paxil. I wouldn't recommend him to anyone. 	 4/17/08	2	3	1	Insurance:Unknown
51	-1	Prescribes cymbalta at above manufacturers recommendations and antipsychotics for anxiety. First appointment 20minutes paid for 50min subsequent ones 5minutes no communication from therapist to pdoc or pscy tester. Very poor switch. Policy in office if not a good fit that's it you cannot switch docs. Never again 		3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
51	-1	I've never had a doctor before tell me there's not much more I can do. Only 2 visits. His knowledge of medicine is scary. 		5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
51	0	Psychiatry has changed over the years, now you get 7 to 11 minutes. If you can't get to the bottom of the problem in that short amount of time, you will get a prescription, since there must be something wrong with you. 		5	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
51	-1	During my visit I felt that I was treated poorly.I would NEVER recommend this doctor to my family and friends.  I felt this visit was a complete waste of time and money.Overall I would rate this visit : AWFUL! 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
52	-1	This Doctor is the worst , I was havig graft for my gum disease , in  the middle of operation he left me 3 times to go calm another patient who was complaining about something. of course the graft fail and my gum looked worse then before i was in pain for 2 weeks.  don't go there 	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
53	1	Cost of 4 wisdom teeth pulled under $1000-they gave me a further discount when I waited past scheduled time because of an emergency; doc is friendly, knowledgeable and staff is polite.  Surgery went great, no problems afterwards.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
54	1	She is the best dealing with PTSD. Thank God for doctors that don't mind doing their homework and taking care of patients.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Veterans Administration
55	1	For my family, Dr.Wanek is nothing short of brilliant.  And I'll bet you $ that any complainers here have many other issues going on with their health, aren't doing all they can to promote healing, and are just ignorant to Eastern medicine!  These are the same people who like to blame the one doctor who took a different approach, rather than the 100 who haven't helped them so far!  Usually, by the time patients get to her, they're really bad off, so you can imagine how much needs fixing!  The reason she might want to provide certain supplements is because then she can be sure of their authenticity.    I've been going to Wanek since '03 and she has helped when no one else could, and when others told me something was impossible to heal.  And she, unlike many, understands that we are matter/energy, and treats accordingly.  Do you really think we're the 37th sickest country in the world because of alternative medicine!&#63;! NOT! E.Wanek should be at the top of your list for medical care.  	4	5	4	5 	Insurance:Anthem
55	-1	This doctor peddles pseudoscience and tells you not to buy the same supplements anywhere else (where they are cheaper).  When I try to talk to her about the research out there that suggests the treatment is not scientific, she states that western science doesn't understand or tries to suppress the alternative research. 	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	Dr. Wanek has worked with our family of 5 since 1999. I have found her to be very helpful and knowledgeable. She trained as a Functional MD after many years of practice as an Orthopedic Surgeon. She is familiar with standard medical practice as well as many Alternative therapies. Even our pediatrician has recommended her.She has been particularly helpful with our youngest who was a very ill 8 year old when we started seeing her.He is a very healthy 15 year old now. She knew what tests to order and what treatments to use. She was supportive of using the DAN protocol. (for children on the Autistic Spectrum)Her treatments for our son with Lactose Intolerance and IBS symptoms were identical to that of the gastro specialist. He even recommended the same Enzyme product that she uses. She is very open to discussing research and has been very willing to order tests.I used to live at the pediatricians and allergy specialists with two of my sons.We rarely see them now. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
55	-1	This doctor tries to treat conditions for which she has no expertise. She does spend time talking with you but it does no good if the treatments are destructive to health instead of helpful. She uses what I consider dangerous amounts of amino acid therapies that 'tweak' brain chemistry that do not even mention amounts of ingredients on the label (says it is a proprietary blend). I believe they stressed my weak adrenals. Her hormone therapy wrecked my already vulnerable endocrine system...I lost a dramatic 1/2 hair volume from a head of hair that was already thinning (and now it continues to fall out) I totally lost the ability to sleep-did not sleep for a solid week (the therapy was supposed to help this!) and had to go on disability for a month and a half. She did not respond appropriately to my cries for help during the time I alerted her of the symptoms..just told me to stay on the therapy. She wrecked my morale and damaged my health…cannot recommend her. 		5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
56	-1	This doctors office is lousy and unprofessional.  They can care less about your condition. If they know your injury is accident related he only cares about milking the insurance company for whatever he can get, and stringing you along for a couple of years in the process.  Do not go here!  The office manager is unprofessional by discussing your personal information in the middle of the hallway and in the middle of the lobby in front of other patients. 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	Dr. Waite is an excellent Doctor he was able to help me with a skin condition that I've been battling for 10 years and has helped me more than any other Doctor or Dermatologist! He's a great Doctor I highly recommend him! He's very patient and very knowledgeable! He's also helped my mother to get her diabetes under control which she's been battling for many years.  He's been a blessing to us! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
58	1	Dr. Watts &amp; his staff are very friendly. Dr. Watts is an excellent Dr., wouldn't trust my children's care with anyone else.  Have been taking my children to Dr. Watts for almost 20 yrs. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
58	1	My little girl has been going to Dr. Watts since birth and she is 7 years old now. He is a wonderful Dr. I do not have to fight my child when she hears she is going. She Loves Dr.  Watts!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
58	1	Very little waiting, if any.  Dr. Watts is very kind and caring.  Good office. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
59	1	I have moved quite a bit,thus been to a number of different doctors. I have never seen a doctor who was more caring and who took the time to really understand the situation. On at least two different occasions, Dr Wagner correctly diagnosed conditions that had stumped other doctors. I would, and do, highly recommend him.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	1	Dr. wagner is very patient and caring and honest. It took me a while to get used to the office staff especially Nan who could be a little short with you on the phone. Crystal on the other hand is wonderful, patient and knowledgable. Dr. wagner is extremely patient and does not rush you. he takes time to explain everything fully and listens intently and really seems to care about his patients.I can usually always get an appointment the same day. The only negative comant is that the office closes at 5 and the doctor usually is gone by 4 or 4:30. There are no evening or weekend hours. Dr. wagner always returns emergency or after hours phone calls promptly even on the weekends. Dr. wagner will also call you back himself during the work week hours if you request it unlike other doctors who have their office staff call. . Dr. Wagner is very professional and knowledgable. He is a good listener and very perceptive when it comes to his patients.I would and have recommended Dr. Wagner to others.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	1	Yes, unfortunatley the staff has been a challenge, I must agree and I too almost switched because of them-however Dr. Wagner is a phoenomenal doctor- extremely knowledable and insightful. I am a frequent patient and I have not had to wait for more than 5 minutes to be called back and then the expected 10-15 or so in the room. Highly recommended from one that has seen numerous docs in numerous states....yeah Doc.  Wagner!!! ;) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	1	I was briefly a patient of Dr. Wagner's (less than 6 months).  I very much enjoyed being a patient of his; he was friendly, spent a lot of time with me during visits, and I never felt rushed.  He always seemed to be current on treatments and technology.  His PAs were great, too.  However, I left the practice after a few visits because his front desk staff was overtly rude and unhelpful.  I would easily rate his PAs a &quot;5&quot; for good service, although the behavior of his front desk staff (particularly Crystal) was unacceptable to the point that I chose to take my chances with a new physician.  The amount of time that Dr. Wagner spends with patients can also be a detriment if you are left in the waiting room because all of the patient rooms are full.  Prior to leaving the practice, I did feel that Dr. Wagner was worth the wait because I knew he would spend just as much time with me as a patient.  	2	3	4	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
59	0	The only thing I have to say is he needs to let the nurses to take the blood pressure.  Every time I see him he is helpful with my ailments however he always tries to diagnose me with high blood pressure.  He did it to my husband too.  But if someone takes our blood pressure it's fine.  As aforementioned he is a good listener and if he doesn't have it right he will make sure to correct it.  His bedside manner is a little on the chilly side but he is thorough.  The PA in the office I HIGHLY recommend.  Jennifer is very astute and I am always happy to see her. 	4	4	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
60	-1	made a sorry bridge and refused to refund my money.Had to pay to get another dentist to do over. 	2	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	He's been my family dentist for years.  We've had crowns, bridges and fillings done over the last 20+ years.  Great staff, excellent dentist! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
60	-1	not worth 2 cents for making fixed bridges.Allows help to do the work he should do.I had to pay to have another dentist do the work over.Would not refund my money!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	My wife and I love going to Dr. W. My wife at 22 was his youngest patient but if you want a great laid back Dr. thats funny and knowledgeable he's it.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
61	1	I like that Dr. Leo has a small practice. He seems knowledgeable and thoughtful, and I would recommend him to others.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
61	1	Dr. Warshauer is always available when I need him.  He listens to the patient and I believe his medical knowledge to be extensive and up to date.  I have recommended him to friends and will continue to do so in the future.  His staff is very polite, friendly, and professional.   The entire office is wonderful! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
61	0	At a time of great personal sufferng,Dr. Warshauer had been personal friend and my doctor for serveral years.Something He was always good at was listening to his clients, and trying to help them. It is truly a shame that we have parted company.  Best wishes 		4	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	-1	I had an eye exam and purchased eye glasses and contacts.  A week later they had me back in to see how the contacts were working.  I told them they bothered my eyes and weren't right.  I was told by Dr. Walter that is was how I was blinking my eyes.  The glasses began to hurt my ears and head.  I took them in for an adjustment and even after this was still in pain.  I visited 2 different eye doctors who told me the glasses were to small for my face.  I called the office and was told they would give me new contacts and glasses.  I went in and they refused to give me new ones or a refund.  Now I am out $200 and must now go to another eye doctor and pay for another eye exam, contacts, and glasses.  I would NEVER recommend him to anyone. 	1	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	He was very comforting , gentle and knowledgable.  His staff were amazing and kind.  Very much like a Ritz Carlton experience! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	Outgoing, friendly staff.  Gentle hands.  Dr. Wasson is friendly, knowledgeable, and takes time to listen and answer questions.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
64	1	Good experience thus far. Dr. Walmer has been very kind and is trying to help me with a difficult medical situation. He has been nothing but kind to me. The staff is OK. They did lose (or throw away) a faxed paper that I had sent to them that they needed, but they've tried to resolve that. Dr. Walmer has been willing to help me when other doctors have not been willing to try to treat my condition. He's a Christian Doctor as well, and his leadership in and development of Family Health ministries for Haiti says a lot about his character. Ha may not always be able to reach a patients ideal and expectation regarding your personal health care issues, but he gives it his best in trying to help and figure out the problems and overcome the obstacles. I appreciate his efforts and caring attitude.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	1	I had wonderful experience at Duke Fertility Clinic. The doctors were very knowledgable and kind. The nurses were excellent and always called me back that day of. I would definitely recommend this clinic to anyone.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Wellpoint
64	-1	Horrible.  Duke Fertility Clinic is a joke.  The staff never return calls promptly, and lost my paperwork at least 3 times.  Dr. Walmer makes promises regarding treatment and doesn't follow through - then you get to deal with his fellows who act dumb and don't know what you're talking about.   There's a reason why Duke's IVF program has such a terrible reputation.  Run far, far away.  	1	3	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
65	1	very helpful and understanding. nicest dentist ive ever bn to 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	I have always been very pleased with Dr. Wear and his staff.  They treat you like family and they are wonderful with treating children! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
65	0	Dr. Wear is a good old time dentist. He is always quick with a smile, handshake and down home attitude. His staff is always friendly and upbeat. I feel he is quite good at the routine stuff but I'm not sure I would want him to do any serious dentistry. 	4	4	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
66	-1	One of the worst doctor experiences I've ever had. This guy wasted my time, told me he didn't care I was in pain he was not interested in helping me. He recommended I rinse MY SINUSES with baby shampoo &amp; WATER. Now I am going to another ENT because I have a severe maxillary &amp; frontal sinus infection that has been there for years. It should have been dealt with back when I saw Wallenborn. I would never recommend this doctor, he should retire as he has no people skills or doctor skills.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
66	1	As I read the negative comments regarding Dr. Wallenborn I have to believe that these people actully saw someone other than Dr. Whalley.  He has got to be the most caring efficient ENT doctor in Asheville.  Not &quot;present&quot;! Are you kidding&#63; He has to be &quot;present&quot; because he is not one of these Docs that have someone in the room to hand him every little thing he needs. He does the exam and is very thorough. I think he is an awsome physician and HIGHLY recommend him as Ashevilles' finest ENT Doctor.  I 	1	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	-1	Very disappointing! He dismissed my ongoing ear pain even though i told him what my previous ENT in Orlando had diagnosed.  I guess he couldn't make enough money on my needs. I agree with a previous review that he was generally &quot;not present&quot; and was uncaring and uncommunicative. I will not be going back to him either. Blue Cross Blue Sheild 	1	4	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
66	0	I waited for over 40 minutes for my apointment and an additional 10 once in the exam room.  Dr Wallenborn was not very friendly and seemed vague and uncaring. 	2	1	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	I had a wonderful expereince with Dr. Whalley. My daughter had tubes places about 2 years ago and I recently had a tonsillectomy.  He was wonderful in both instances!!! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	-1	My appointment with Dr. Wallenborn was the most disappointing of any visit with a doctor I have ever had.  He was generally &quot;not present&quot; and was uncaring and uncommunicative.  I will not be going back to him.  	 2/17/08	4	3	1	Insurance:Aetna
67	1	I've been a patient at Watson Eye for more than 15 years and have been very pleased with the staff and doctors.  I've also referred a friend to Dr. Watson, after she had a bad experience elsewhere..and my friend was very happy. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
67	1	The character at this office is that they are doing you a favor.  Customer service and interpersonal skills are lacking at the top.  There is a trickle down effect.  	1	2	2	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
67	-1	I was very dissatisfied with the services of this physician and her staff--will not go back. 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	Now unemployed; when I was paying through the nose for Cigna my dentist in Charlotte were much less personable. The staff & dentist alike were nver available. Now at Walsh's office I can get an appointment asa I like they were polite & knowledgable. I had all 4 wisdoms extracted at once and never felt any pain. When ever i called to ask questions, they replied bk qiuckly. The downside is the place very small.  	5	3	5	4 	Insurance:Medicare
68	-1	I had a wisdom tooth extracted, but instead of sedatation, he merely numbed my mouth. I told them that I have extreme anxiety issues, but they didn't seem to care. I bled badly and even went back because of the bleeding, but they just filled my mouth with gauze and said I would be fine. Then they wanted to fill a few cavities on the bottom right side of my mouth. When doing so, they put filling on the top of my teeth as well (it wasn't needed on top), and now it doesn't feel right when I bite down on the right side. I already had fear and anxiety about the dentist, now it is ten times worse, and I do not wish to go to the dentist again.  		1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
69	1	Dr. Waldman is knowledgable and helpful.  He is always prepared to explain the treatments to me.  He and his staff are friendly and made me feel very comfortable.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	1	I have seen him a few times now and he is always polite and friendly. I can be in and out in less than an hour with the moles removed in his office. Great Doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
70	-1	Very uncooperative and uncompassionate. I came in with severe back pain and was dismissed without as much as an x-ray. I later was x-rayed in a clinic and found I have scoliosis, and I spent months in physical therapy.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
70	1	Great 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
71	0	Few more years, and a little more experience, will get better results. 	4	4	4	2 	Insurance:Unknown
71	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
72	1	He is helpful, very polite.I've been told that he was rated the best family doctor in U.S  I would like to know if this is true.  	3	1	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
73	1	Probably all-round the best doctor I have ever had.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
73	1	done me a great job with my heart. had problems all my life since 18..  	5	3	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
74	-1	The staff in this facility have no regard for your privacy and will repeat information about you in this open work/waiting room.  Products are extremely inferior so expect to waste your time taking them back for constant ineffective repair.  Starbucks coffee will take priority over you and your needs.  Do not waste your time or money on this place.  Walmart has better service and more informative staff! 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
75	1	Dr. Watkins is the finest surgeon in Charlotte. He is friendly, helpful,encouraging and truthful. He has excellent skills. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
76	1	Good doctor, actually talks to you! very informative and he cares. Good office, efficient, respectful and kind.  Highly recommend 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
76	1	This man is a good doctor. He's knowledgeable, caring and kind. I've been a patient for many years, since spine surgery and other health issues, and have never had any problems. He and his staff are also friendly. The kind of office you wish they all were.  I highly recommend! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
76	1	I am now 27 years old i hurt my back real bad four years ago.Well being young and stupid i hardly thought twice about it .Until i got to the point I felt like someone was shocking me in the leg with 50 000 volts i could barely walk.Then at work one day i lifted a pallet that was weighed wrong and it twisted me up real bad i got a hernia and urinated without even feeling it i was numb.then excruciating pain ensued.I went to the emergency room they said i pulled a muscle.then i saw another doctor he downright said i was to young to have this and i was looking for drugs.i have never been so mad in my life.Then i got refferred to Dr.Watson he has been my doctor for three years now.He is the most caring and down to earth doctor on earth i would without a shadow of a doubt never made it without him&gt;he also has the best nurse to ever walk she has talked to me several times on the phone when i was down in the dumps i have never met anyone that could even be in the same catagory as these two 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
77	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	Wonderful Doctor.  So glad I was referred to him.   He saved my life!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	1	I traveled over 100 miles from SC to NC to see Dr. Walls. He and his staff always make me feel comfortable and at ease. I was diagnosed with COPD 2 years ago by a Dr. in Columbia SC, that Dr no longer accepted my insurance so I had to go to NC, Thank God I did because Dr Jeffrey Walls is worth the trip. All doctors should be as 1/2 as good as he is!! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	Dr.  Wang is a great doctor, very knowledgeable and my kids love him! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
79	1	One of the best doctors I have ever met!  Caring, concerned and informative!  I wished I could have moved his family out of state so he could still care for mine. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	Let me give another  perspective on Dr Walsh's &quot;bedside&quot; skills.  Dr Walsh is a no-nonsense type of Dr. She is direct, to the point, and does not participate in small talk.  If you are looking to chat or have an extended discussion with someone about your life situation - I'd recommend another Dr.  If you want someone who is knowledgeable and gets to the root problem and recommends a course of action, she is very good.  When I started going to her over ten years ago, I had just survived a major illness that my previous GP had completely bungled.  At my first visit I left her will my stack of medical records from an extended hospital stay.  By the time I got home, the phone was ringing, it was Dr Walsh.  She had read my records and called me at home to talk about my condition and what I had been through.  I have never had a Dr call me about anything.   She has compassion for the times I've needed it, and has been to the point when I did not. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
80	0	I always felt she was in a hurry when she completed my exams. And her demeanor made me stop going to the doctor. She may have the solution, but her delivery was abrupt.  	4	3	2	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
80	1	Dr. Walsh has been my doctor for many years.  She is now the doctor for my children and my spouse.  I know I can always count on her honesty and that is a blessing.  She has always been great at diagnosing and treating the problem.  She is moving to a different practice and we all plan to move with her.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
80	0	I agree with the first post.  Dr. Walsh is not a good doctor at all.  She is not very knowledgeable and is very condescending and has a bad attitue. 	3	3	3	2 	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	Dr. Walsh has been my primary physician for about 5 years and we work well together. She takes the time to answer my questions. Although the whole practice she is with doesn't keep good scheduling time -- I have certainly had much worse. Have recommended several friends to her.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
80	-1	I've seen this woman several times over the past four years. After my last experience, I will never go back. She has an attitude problem and is very condescending. She always made me feel uncomfortable and unwelcome. I hate her.  	4	4	1	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
81	1	MedCost Ins. Dr. Warburton has been my orthopedic dr. for 10+ yrs. During that time he has performed 3 elective surgeries (2 to correct osteoarthritic problems - 1 for bunionectomy/osteotomy)and 3 surgeries for other medical problems (encapsulated ganglion, Morton's Neuroma, rotator cuff/biceps tendon repair.) Times in the waiting room have routinely been less than 20 minutes, many being 10 minutes or less. All staff has been cordial, professional, and knowledgeable about their specific job. I am presently under his care for my most recent surgery on 2/26 to repair a torn rotator cuff, labrum, and biceps tendon in my shoulder. Dr. Warburton has always been available & approachable to answer any questions & provide me with medical information I need to make decisions about surgery. His medical knowledge, professionalism, completeness of care, and compassionate demeanor are what keeps me returning to him as needed. Working in the healthcare field for 30+ yrs, I highly recommend him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
81	-1	This MD really messed my sister up. Heis in the pocket foe all Worker Ccmpensation. He didn't review any of her findings. The staff ran around like chickens with their heads cut off. No one was helpful in trying to find him when he went out and didn't come back in exam room for over an hour. He works on the side of companies Not on the side of patients. My sister was finally referred to another Orthopedic that had to do extensive hand surgery on her. That used to be a great group until they went in under Cornerstone,which id evry patients worse nightmare in High Point. 	2	1	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
81	-1	This was my first and last visit with Dr. Warburton.  I was referred to him by my GP for orthopedic evaluation.  I took x-rays, medical reports and a written summary of my current complaints to my appointment.  Dr. Warburton kept me waiting for over an hour.  When he did come in to see me, he started describing the wrong symptoms.  I stated those are not my symptoms and asked if he reviewed the x-rays and medical reports I brought; he said no, I'll go get them.  He was gone another 30 minutes. I then discovered he was back to seeing other patients.  I spoke to his nurse and complained about my treatment.  In 5 minutes, he came in, stated a diagnosis and started prescribing meds without examining me, discussing my symptoms or my current meds.  If he had reviewed the info I brought, I could not tell.  He spent a total of about 5 minutes with me.  He was rude and inconsiderate.  	3	1	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
82	1	I had Dr.  Ward When she was at emerald Isle Primary I was so sad that she left she was the best doctor I have ever had I am glad to find out where she is she really takes her time with patients so if she is running late its because she wants to be thorough  excellent doctor!! Goes above and beyond to help you 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
82	1	Dr. Ward is the best doctor I ever had. After YEARS of being told I was imagining my problems, Dr. Ward was the angel I needed. She listens and goes that extra mile to help. Not only did she believe me, she found the problem and helped find a caring specialist for me. I cried the day I found out Medicaid wouldn't allow me to stay with her, due to a bogus &quot;certification&quot; rule with Carolina Access. If you can get in to see Dr. Ward, hold on to her! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
83	1	Can not believe the negative comment that was posted. Can not say enough about this dr and the care he gave our 17 yr old son going thru testicular cancer. B/C of Dr Walther our son is now a healthy 35 yr old with a beautiful wife and four children. My son just called today saying he was going to look Walther up so he could send a note along with a photo of his family. Again, we can not say enough about this wonderful doctor and his knowledge and expertise. We will be forever grateful to him and his staff. (i believe Ann was his assistant/office mngr back in 1994 and she was wonderful).  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
83	0	Terrible bedside manners. Shows no concern for patient. Just wants to do the job &quot;his way&quot;. Poor communications from office staff.  Never returns calls. This was my experience.  Chances are I would be deceased if I had not changed doctors.  Be cautious if you are planning on using this physician! 	1	1	1	4 	Insurance:Medicare
84	1	Awesome Chiropractor!!!! Very friendly and knowledgable!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	I have been through the ringer with Dr.s over the past decade. Not going to go on about the past, all I know is that I feel like I won the lottery when I met Dr. Kristin Wagner on Tuesday morning...July 3rd 2012. She is on the ball, listens to you, ask questions and answers yours. Very good feeling around this beautiful, quick witted, sharp Dr. On a scale of 1- 10 I would give her an eleven if I could. Finally!!!!! Someone is giving me hope that I may one day I will feel good again &amp; even if she is not able to help me out in the end I will give her the deserving highest score possible for trying to the best of her ability. Thank You Dr. Wagner for being a great and responsible Dr.     Robin:) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
85	1	I had a TT in November of 2009.   Dr Wagner was very patient in answering my many questions, as well as answering phone calls.     The surgery outcome was excellent and I have a only a very small scar today.    I am thankful that she was my doctor. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	When I was diagnosed with thyroid cancer in 2011 I was terrified. When I went to consult with Dr. Wagner for the surgery, her confidence and kind nature put me totally at ease. She did a total thyroidectomy for me, leaving the parathyroids, and removed 14 lymph nodes. My healing time was short and easy, and Im sitting here writing this today cancer free, and with only a tiny scar that I would have to point out for you to even see. Ill be forever grateful that she was my surgeon. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	Dr Wagner performed a partial thyroid removal in July 2011.  She did a super job from her scheduling with me, her bedside manner and then performed surgery that was very painless and my recovery was quick.  She left very little scarring on my neck.  Dr Wagner did a great job for me.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
85	-1	She pretty, confident and persuasive, but thats where it ends. I read another post that mentioned she cut the person's vocal cords. In my case she totally overlooked invasive thyroid cancer thinking it was some other disease called Hashimotos. I thought she was great at first until I had questions, then she wouldn't return my calls, and that made me suspicious. I still have active thyroid cancer tissue in my neck. If she had of recognized the cancer (as she most certainly should of been able to do in my and my current doctor's opinion) I wonder if I would of had a better outcome. PLEASE get a second opinion.  	1	4	2	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
85	1	First class Doctor.  She takes time to explain your condition and answer questions.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
85	1	Had a minimally invasive TT three years ago.  No complications and a very swift recovery.  My friend had a TT 6 moths ago with same results. I highly recommend this surgeon for thyroid related issues.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
85	1	She performed a thyroidectomy and cut the nerve to the right side of my vocal chord. She swears that she did NOT cut it. However, the evidence of inability to speak and atrophy of the right vocal chord indicate otherwise. I now have to undergo a second surgery to have an implant inserted into the right vocal chord in order to speak again. In the opinion of the surgeon performing the implant, based on the evidence, my vocal chord nerve WAS cut. Furthermore, she advised me to 'wait a year' before seeking any kind of help for my inability to speak in hopes that the situation would resolve itself. That advice, had I heeded it, would have left me unable to receive an implant in a totally atrophied vocal chord.  Before using her services, please consider her surgical outcomes! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
86	1	Very professional care...extremely knowledgeable.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
87	1	I am in the medical field and had to have sinus surgery and he is the best doctor I have ever personally seen.  He is very very smart and makes you feel comfortable and at ease and spends well over the normal time with each patient.  GO TO HIM! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
87	1	Dr. Warren is awesome with my son and is very considerate.  He is the second ENT that we took our soon to after two failed ear tube procedures.  I wish we had come to Dr. Warren first.  He is always pleasant and explains the diagnosis or plan of treatment in a very understandable manner.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
88	1	FANTASTIC DOCTOR!!!  I WOULD RECOMMEND HER TO ANYONE.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
88	1	I suffered a stroke june 2007 and dr walker was my dr and is my dr now and she is execellent.i feel very safe and very privigled to have dr walker as my doctor. she's awesome. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
88	-1	SHE NEEDS TO GO BACK TO EMERGENCY MED. VERY UNCARING AND NOT QUALIFIED TO WORK AT UNIVERSITY OF NORTH CAROLINA HOSPITAL REHAB DEPT! SHAME ON UNC FOR LETTING HER TEACH FUTURE DOCTORS. DOESN''T LISTEN TO PATIENTS, NOR MEETS THEIR NEEDS. LIES ABOUT PATIENTS CONDITION TO NURSING HOMES. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	Dr. Wainer was very considerate of my need to delay my knee joint replacement and helpful in making me more comfortable and functional during the delay.  When I decided to do the replacement he answered all my questions, including explaining why he uses a particular DuPuy replacement.  His PA, Kirstin, is exceptional!  When I needed to cry, she understood and helped me focus on how to get past my feelings and get the information I needed from her or Dr. Wainer.  Dr. Wainer has repaired both my rotator cuff tears, done an authorscopic surgery on my knee, treated my gout/arthritis, a sprained ankle, and replaced my knee joint.  I defintely give him an A #1 rating on all accounts.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
89	1	Dr. Wainer and his staff are expert orthopaedic care givers.  Dr. Wainer is not only an excellent orthopaedic surgeon, he is also an excellent in bedside care.  He and his staff treat each person not only as patients but also as friends.  Dr. Wainer is the best.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
89	1	 	4	4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
90	1	Dr. Wainer is a very warm, extremely competent, compassionate, flexible, intelligent, funny person. I use him for my autistic son and he is able to draw issues out and help my son verbalize what is bothering him. I would definitely recommend him.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
90	1	Very helpful and understanding to someone with severe adolescent depression. Far more helpful than previous counselor. Very accessable and supportive at times of crisis.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
90	0	He was a fairly good doctor, however I did not go too long to him for treatment to know him better 		4	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	. The most gentle dentist I have ever been to and a great staff! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
91	-1	Mrs. Walker did four crowns for me at the same time a year and a half ago, I had one crown broken, and have to replace it . S 	5	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	He does not seem to care if you are in alot of pain and hurt.  	3	2	4	3 	Insurance:Humana
92	1	Dr. Watson will sit down with you and ask you about the things he knows that is going on in your life.  He remembers your situation from visit to visit.  I do not just feel like a patient but a friend.  He is the best adult care doctor that I have ever had.  He has been accurate in all my diagnosis, and I have been seeing him for about 10 years.  He is my mother and husband's doctor also.  I cannot imagine not having Dr. Watson as my doctor.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
92	1	Very helpfull.  Give you understandable answers to your questions 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
92	1	Absolutely the best family doctor ever!  We (and our eight children) have been patients for 10 years.  Stan Watson goes the extra mile to take care of you and so do all his partners.  We've had doctors meet us at the office on holidays, stitch up an injured child at the office at night instead of sending us to the ER, and drop everything to take care of us in an emergency.   Honestly, there is no better care anywhere in our area! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
93	-1	.  	 10/31/11	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
94	-1	Went to this doctor and he cut me short of listening to my symptoms. Said he wasn't sure of what I had so he gave me a generic internet handout of stretching exercises. 	3	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
94	0	Office staff is rude and incompetent. Dr.  Ward is cocky and doesn't act like a professional 	1	4	3	2 	Insurance:Medicare
95	-1	This doctor got very uptight with me due to my opinions about certain medical tests (because of my experience in the past) and because I did not want to rush into having an invasive and painful medical test (also probably expensive, but most importantly it's most likely unnecessary). She seems very paranoid about being sued, so if you decide not to follow the 'standard operating procedure' she might treat you badly also. She had so little patience with my questions that her body language SCREAMED anger at me. Being her patient for the short time I was has been a very unpleasant experience.  	3	3	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
96	-1	.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
96	1	He's wonderful. His staff is horrible, even at the new location. I waited 15 minutes in the lobby after my appointment time (I was there 10 minutes early) and another 15 minutes in the room.  	1	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
96	1	If you can make an appointment without being put on hold it would be a miracle! His staff leaves a little to be desired, but Dr. Warner is wonderful. I've thought about switching doctors because of the staff, but other doctors don't spend as much time with me with listening to my concerns.  	1	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
96	1	He is one of the most patient and knowledgable doctors I have ever known.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
96	1	Friendly, make you feel that he cares about you..takes time with you. Has a wonderful smile. It is hard to get an appointment with him because of all the patients he has to see. Don't like to see the assistant. Prefer the doctor or I don't see anyone until I get an appointment with him.  He's the best!!!!!!:) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
96	1	Dr. Werner is the best doctor I've ever seen. He actually listens and takes his time. You get the feeling he truly cares about his patients.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
96	1	Love Dr. Warner - he really spends time with you and doesn't rush when he is with you. Easy to talk to.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
97	-1	He was recommended to me by a friend, but I found him to be short and not particularly friendly or professional. He appeared to become angry when he could not get my tooth numbed enough for me to not feel the pain when he was drilling a cavity.  I assume he did not do an adequate job drilling because I had to have the same tooth REDONE a year later when I went to another dentist.  That dentist was able to get my mouth numb, redid the filling, and I have not had a problem since. 	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
98	0	He is very obtuse and makes jokes at the patients expense. He and his staff spend so much time visiting that patients have to wait for hours.  He does not prepare you for what to expect after surgery and just keeps say, &quot;we'll see!&quot; 	3	1	3	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
98	1	Very thorough, knowledgable, reassuring, and spoke to me in terms I could easily understand.  Explains pros and cons, best and worst case scenarios and answered all my questions even though he was extrememly busy. Made me feel as though I was his only patient.  His PA is absolutely AWESOME as well.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
98	0	He was the most obtuse doctor I've ever met and also sarcastic. Good surgeon but that's it.  	3	1	2	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
98	1	Dr. Ward was very thorough and caring.  Left no stone unturned 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unicare
98	1	Dr Ward saved my life and I am forever grateful. He was always very caring and helpful to my needs.  I went to several doctors before I found him.  Other doctors didn't know what they were talking about, two other doctors told me that I would have to have my arm amputated and that might not stop the cancer. I still have my arm and living 15 years after the diagnosis.  Thank you Dr. Ward. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
98	0	Horrible 	2	2	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
99	-1	I dont know how  he can call himself a doctor, awful one. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
