dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
6	1	commentsDr. Marvin Eberts has been treating me since the start of basketball season. i've had many injuries ranging from a small tear in my quad, sprained ligaments and ongoing back problems. Through all of these setbacks, Dr. Eberts has helped me get on top of them, giving me exercises, stretches and the treatments allowed me to continuing playing sports and not miss a basketball game. I couldn't be any happier for what Dr. Eberts did for me and the advise he gave me. I thank him for all he has done and will be sure to come back. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	.  Smart doctor and down to earth and thorough in his exam 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:MedicarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
12	1	commentsThis doctor is careing and will take the time to explain and hlep a patient out the best he can. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	 I absolutely LOVE doc emery!!  My kids and hubby feel the same way, and seeing how booked he usually is, others in the community seem to as well.  He isnt rushed, and answers all our questions in detail when needed.  One day, he actually spent an hour with me!  You only get your alloted 15 mins, but he bypassed that and ducked out once in awhile, but I was still allowed to speak with him for all that time.  I wont forget it.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
23	1	 Dr. Erlandson makes my appointments when I can come and sometimes it is last minute if I have an emergency. I have never liked going to the dentist because of a bad outcome when I was a child. Dr. Erlandson took all my fears into consideration because of my experience and has been the best dentist I have ever had.  I would give  Dr. Erlandson a top rating and  his staff too.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:AetnaPaid/Co-pay:N/A
23	1	 I have gone to Dr. Erlandson for many years now.  He has always done outstanding work.  He answers all my questions competently.   His staff is competent, efficient and friendly!  I have recommended him to many friends and family! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
23	1	commentsI have been going to Dr. Erlandson's for many years now. Always had great work done there and the staff is unbelievable. Truly a doctor who does good work but is understanding and is very personable. I would recomend this dentist to anyone and everyone. The front desk has always helped me get in and get work done even when they where booked. I now live in Bismarck, ND and I still go Dr.Erlandsons for my cleanings and any other work I need done beyond that. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	 Our family of five have been patients of Dr.Erlandson for over 12 years.  We have enjoyed excellent care over this time period.  His skills are excellent and his compassion for his patients is second to none. He is also very fortunate to work with an extraordinary staff.  I have recommended this dentist to several of my friends and colleagues.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
23	-1	commentsContinually needed his work redone for entire family that had his work done. New dentist(s) for all of his couldn't believe the shoddy work. 	2	2	2	1	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	comments 	5	5	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	 We had Dr. Elliott for a Dr. in canada, we miss him alot.. He has seen my kids over the years. Ive had 3 boys with feeding tubes due to throat problems. He was the the best. We miss him and hope one day he'll come back.  	5	3	5	5	Insurance:AHCPaid/Co-pay:N/A
36	1	 I had Dr. Elliott as a doctor at NEMC in Boston Massachusetts....not only was he a wonderful, intelligent doctor he was wonderful to his patients.  One of my saddest days was when he told me he was leaving to go work in a private practice out of state....I still miss him !!!!!  I only hope if we are so lucky as to have him come back in this area, he would let me know....MISS YOU DR.  ELLIOTT   Ruthy Souza 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
36	1	 Dr. Elliott treated out daughter in Canada and we were very sad when he left.  He can be rude but once your child is his patient there is nothing he won't do.  If you had to wait 2 hours for him it could be that he was dealing with a very sick child.  Our daughter had a fever of 107 for 3 days over a weekend.  He could have just come in and upsized her trach and left, but he sat at her bedside for over 3 hours trying to get a peripheral IV, and think of what it could be that caused her fever.  He checked on her frequently over the weekend. I initially didn't want him for a doctor because I saw how he was with other patients in the PICU, but circumstances/fate came into play and he put in our daughters trach.  I was so glad of that because he is an amazing doctor.  You want someone to hold your hand and say it's all going to be alright, he may not be the doctor for you, but if you want the BEST for your child, then he is.   We miss him here! 	5	4	4	5	Insurance:AHCPaid/Co-pay:N/A
36	1	commentsDr. Elliott was our daughter dr. as well in Canada. We owe him more than we could ever say. He fought for our daughter, he put her first before the politics of the Hospital. Anyone would be lucky and blessed to have him help their child.You could not ask for a better doctor , when he fights for children. We thank Dr. Elliott, the saddest part is we moved so he is no longer our daughters dr.We wish him nothing but the best. He is never far away from our families thoughts.. 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	commentsDr. Elliott is very thorough and to the point.  He does not sugar coat anything.  First time patients may take this a being rude and rushed through, but like any other specialist it can take months to get in and they need to see as many people as they can.  Dr. Elliott removed a cyst on my sons vocal cord when he was 3 mths old that was slowly closing his airways.  He was very helpful in explaining and even showing me video of the 2nd surgery.  If your child had to wait because a doctor was handholding a crying mom you would be complaining about that, thats what the nurses and support workers are there for.  Let these doctor's, because there are very few of them, see as many patients as possible. 	4	4	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
36	-1	 Dr elliott was my daughter's doctor in canada and he lacks bedside manner.  He is very impatient, and talks too fast you better hear what he has to say the first time or you will miss it he is very knowledgable but should not be a children's doctor.  	4	2	2	2	Insurance:PacificarePaid/Co-pay:N/A
36	1	commentsDr. Elliott was our son's doctor in KY.  He did a great job with him.  At a follow-up visit to putting in ear tubes, he actually caught my son's whooping cough.  My son had just been to his regular ped. who had NOT caught the pertussis yet, Dr. Elliott caught it and treated it.  He IS knowledgeable.  He's not going to be a sweet little docile fella.  He's to the point & tells you what you need to know.  Period.  And that's all I want in a doctor.  No beating around the bush. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
36	-1	commentsDr. Elliott was the rudest creep with a bedside manner that made Dr. House on the TV medical show look like a saint! The nurse apologized for his rudeness. We scheduled an appointment with Dr. Hughes at Kentucky ENT while we were waiting 2 hours on Dr. Elliott to grace us with his presence. We loved Dr. Hughes and hope no one has to deal with this Elliott creep! 	1	4	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
38	-1	commentsI had multipe tx. With no X-ray and ended up having back surgery. I suffered for 4 months before someone else looked at me. I trusted him. She saw me only one time and she realized I had a problem. She set up a MRI the first time I saw her. I have tingling and numbess in my toes to this day. With the leg issues I have not forgotten. 	2	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
49	-1	commentsInappropriate methods of notifying patient of test results.  Poor bedside manner... unable to hear him speak.  Not helpful to family members assisting in care of elderly patient.  Not thorough in explaining possible risks involved with procedures.  Not willing to make referral for cases needing additional supports.  Not willing to communicate with other physicians also involved in the primary care of the patient (post-op cardiac surgery).  Not good about universal precautions... was not observed to wash upon entering or exiting patient room, as well as touching floor prior to working with patient incision site (post-op). 	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
55	-1	 Worst experience with a doctor I've ever had. He was rude and uncaring. He was late for the appointment, which is understandable, but what is not understandable is how he didn't give me the time to even ask a single question. It's seems strange how he could be running behind when he doesn't  even give his patients the time of day. Would not recommend this doctor to my worst enemy, that is how strongly I feel about this doctor.  	5	2	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:N/A
