dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
4	-1	 Staff is rude and misstates what a patient was told.  Doctor will order tests and procedures that are not necessary and that in some cases are harmful to patient.  	1	2	2	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
6	1	commentsThis doctor provides excellent care to his patients and is genuinely concerned that they receive proper treatment. He is willing to allot as much time as is necessary to patients' needs and concerns. And, his staff is so friendly! They were always quite helpful over the phone and in the office. 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	 Dr. Damani has a great staff &amp; is very punctual. He advised me to have a lithotripsy; I had two done. The first time I had a bad experience with the hospital tech so Dr. Damani personally handled the second one. I appreciated his professionalism at all times &amp; his bedside manner is great. I highly recommend this doctor.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
8	1	 Dr. Damani was incredibly responsive and engaging.  He performed a procedure that was fairly amazing, taking out my kidney that had 3.5 liters of fluid trapped.  Exceptional Doctor and I highly recommend his work.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
8	-1	commentshe rushed me and didnt listen to my problem and wasnt helpful at all waste of time 	4	4	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
8	-1	commentsI did not have a good experience with Dr. Damani.  I explained my problem but I felt like he wasn't really hearing me.  He jumped to too many conclusions and made assumptions that were not true.  And once he determined my problem was not serious, he did not seem interested in any more questions.  I will not see him again. 	3	4	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	commentsI had a reversal done by Dr. Damani. The procedure was successful. The procedure was done mid Feb. within 2 months my wife and I are expecting a child. Highly recommended for reversal. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	 Very punctual, friendly staff, very helpful-  no complaints.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
10	1	 I have the highest respect for Dr. Dair.  He is extremely knowledgeable, thorough and patient.  I hold Dr. Dair in the highest regard.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
11	1	.  Knowlegeable gentleman, one of the best physicians I have ever encountered 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
19	-1	commentsdoesnot listen to patients view of how they feel also wont help send to other drs over and over 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	commentsReally an expert in his field, helpful and reassuring 		4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
20	-1	.   		5	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	0	 Dr. Dailey's secretary is extremely rude and unprofessional.  As for Dr. Dailey himself, he often looks disheveled and doesn't show any signs of real concern for his patients. I would highly recommend someone else.  	1	1	3	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	-1	 MIDDLE AGE WOMEN WITH SEVERAL CRONIC PROBLEMS. Dr dailey was cold unconcerned, kept his back turned to me typing on his laptop. I questioned a need for blood work due to thyroid issue he said no although I am on a medication for thyroid and had not been tested in 7 months&#63;&#63; Did I mention I was a new patient&#63; He has no compassion or bedside manor.  	2	2	1	3	Insurance:Humana
24	0	 I was hospitialized.   Nursing staff paged Dr. Daily numerous times and even called his office, but he failed to respond.  The issue was time-sensitive, so another physician had to be called.  Aside from poor service, he needs to learn how to be friendly.  A smile never hurt anyone.  	1	1	2	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	1	commentsYou will not find a finer physician that Dr. Dailey! 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	 Dr. Damico and Scott His PA Saved my life. 1 was 21 years old when i was diagnosed with lung cancer. they removed part of my left lung and i couldnt be healthier today.  I am only 22 now and going through something like this has been very hard, but Damico has been amazing! his support, encouagement, love, and most of all his knowledge is amazing!!! he is one of the best thats for sure!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	1	 Comlicated surgery in 1999.  Go back once a year for checkups.  Would not be around today if not for Dr. D'Amico and his staff.  He is a busy person always give you as much time as you need.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	1	 i was hospitalized 3 times for surgeries performed by Dr. D'Amico, at DUMC.  he & his residents, and nurses, as directed by him, were excellent in quality of care and knowledge. i was followed up in his clinic for 5 years, and i don't believe i could have had a better doctor for the treatment given me, by Dr. D'Amico.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:$12000
26	0	commentsThis highly rated MD went on vacation the day after he performed complicated surgery on my wife. Following an 11-day stay in the hospital he discharged my wife. My wife died at home that very night. When I tried to contact D'Amico, I was told he was out of the country. It took approximately 60 days before he sent me a letter of condolence. I filed a grievance with the NC Medical Board but apparently there was not enough evidence to take action against D'Amico. 	5	2	2	4	Insurance:Unknown
36	-1	 Terrible Terrible place.  First, I had pains in my back for about 2 weeks.  I called my doctor, the wife, and I couldnt get an appointment until at least 2 months from the date of the call.  So, went to emergency room.  They took x-rays and sent them to the dalvi's.  I tried to get in to see the doctor but could not see her had to see pa.  Anyway, my x-rays revealed that I had pnemonia. My doctor never did accept an earlier enough appt to even give me a proper follo-up.  This year I had stroke, was sent to er, spent a week at cape fear, i am still trying to get in to see my doctor, with no luck! 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
36	1	 I would honestly say that I have never experienced a bad visit at this practice. The staff was always very pleasant and willing to listen and address all of my concerns. I have been a patient of Dr. Dalvi, for more than 2 yrs and am still pleased today. I have not always seen her some visits were with NPs or other Internists, both were all great experiences. I found them to be very concerned and attentive to my needs. I would recommend her practice to any one of my family members. Every phase of my visit was pleasant from the check in, weigh in, visit with the doctor, and bloodwor, and the check out. The staff always greeted me with a wonderful smile on every visit. I have been to the office throughout the year and same treatment. The practice is a very clean and welcoming environment. I'm not sure why others have experienced different encounters but I personally think their rating is too low. I even have an outstanding bill and they never harrass me for. Waiting time is a bit long.  	5	3	5	5	Insurance:Tricare
36	-1	 I finally changed docters after years of horrible office visits,because it went from bad to worst, they do not seem to care about the pateints it was about money! I am just sorry it took so long.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Tricare
36	-1	 I the same experience with staff.  I saw the Male, Dalvi, in the same office.  My experience was so bad, I called the authorities.  This was  a few years ago.  I can't believe this staff is still as bad and their behavior is tolerated.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Tricare
36	-1	 This office staff has treated me horrible!!! You wait atleast an hour before being seen and another 30 mins before the doctor will come in to see you. The staff is VERY unfriendly and unhelpful! The office manager actually yelled at me like I was her child not a grown women.They also refuse to see car accident victims even if you are their patient. The staff is very SLOW with your paperwork( xrays, bloodwork etc...) so you better hope your really not injured/sick and need further care.It took  2 weeks for them to get Xrays to my doctor and that was only after I called them 3 times in one day. During my 3rd phone call I was given an attitude because I was &quot;calling again&quot;. This is completely wrong! I can't tell you how many people I have heard complaining while I sat in the waiting area. This is just my personal experience but I know I have never been treated like this before and I am currently looking for a new Primary Care Doctor.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Tricare
44	-1	 I had a very unfortunate experience with this doctor. I was treated for a broken bone in arm for over six months. No mending was evident from x-rays. I developed large lumps on my arm (bone spurs)and arm was crooked. I had to have major surgery from a different physician to fuse bone together with a metal plate, remove spurs, sraiaghten arm, as well as repair other damage unnoticed by Dr. Dalldorf. Very nice man...could't take care of my medical problems.  	3	3	2	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
44	1	 Very patient oriented, kind, courteous, listens, and helps.  If you don't think he is the best, something is wrong with you for sure!  His PA is wonderful also, couldn't ask for more.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
49	1	commentsExcellent surgeon. Extremely knowledgable and caring. Very patient and concerned. Highly recommended. 	3	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
49	-1	.  terrible 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	1	 My daughter was very I'll with E. coli at 3 years old in 2007.  Dr. Dale Shall was amazing and saved her life.  I will always be eternally grateful to her.   She is wonderful! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
54	1	.  best nephrologist in the state wonderful lady would 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
54	1	comments 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
57	-1	 I went to see Sumedha Dalvi,MD quite a few times.Things went well,except,when she was not there her husband tried to treat me.He was not my doctor..I stated to them 3 times.Then,one morning,my blood pressure was very high and I went in to see her.She was hiding behind a tall plant in the hallway.They,both,went against the medical oath they took.I should have sued.I will never go to a doctor from India again.Sorry lot!I should have sued.  	2	1	1	1	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
57	-1	 I was VERY dissatisfied with Dr. Sanjiv Dalvi. I have seen him twice and both times had a long wait (over 2 hours both times) and when finally seeing him felt that I was an inconvenience to him.  I will NEVER refer anyone to him nor will return. Please be wary if you choose to have Dr. Dalvi as your primary care provider.   I can say that his office staff is excellent, very helpful, and kind! 	4	1	1	1	Insurance:Tricare
68	1	commentsBest doctor I have ever met!  Very good at his job Paid/Co-pay:$42	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	commentsBest doctor ever. Paid great attention to my needs   Very friendly. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
81	-1	 My 1st visit with Dr Dabney I thought she was awessome. My 2nd visit there was a horrible. After getting out a few sentence of what was wrong with me. She did not want to hear the entire story, she had work to do. I was dumbfounded by her attitude. Never went back to her office. oh! And trying to get an appointment is a nightmare! Office staff was wonderful Dr. Dabney could learn from them.  	5	3	1	1	Insurance:CIGNA
81	1	 The staff are kind and accommodating.  I arrived to the office barely able to walk, and was met at the door by one of the nurses and a wheelchair.  I was brought to the exam room several minutes before my appointment time, and the doctor saw me somewhere right around the scheduled time.  She was VERY softhearted and showed more than the usual concern.  She took into account what I had to say about my illness, and was willing to order a blood test merely because I said I would feel better ruling everything out.  Dr. Dabney was personable, knowledgeable and made sure my wife and I understood the diagnosis and treatment options.  I highly recommend to everyone who lives in the area.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
81	-1	 I have seen Dr.Dabney 3 times and every experience has been beyond a nightmare.The first time I went, I had yet to receive my medicaid card and so they were rude and said,we're not going to see you. I then asked if they could call to verify my insurance and the receptionist then said,yeah o.k, but had tried coldly saying we can't see you. I've been suffering high blood pressure, anemia, fevers, chills for over a year and irregular menstrual cycle.Dr.Dabey had no explanation for it. I also went back for an atypical mole,which she tried saying it was fine. I went to a dermatologist on my own and it was pre cancerous melanoma. Dr,Dabney checked my thyroid and claimed my levels were within normal. I went to an Encrondologist &amp; discovered my levels are far from normal, I have hypothyroidsm, hence my symptoms I complained of that she didn't know why. Nor obviously has a clue what the normal range for hypothyroidism is.  	2	2	1	1	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
81	-1	 Office is terrible,slow and disorganized..on the phone you can wait on hold for 30 minutes sometimes. I have finally switched to another dr., but found Dr. Dabney cold and not knowledgable about menopause.  She also had me have what I believe was an unnecessary d&c; in hospital and an unnecessary office biopsy rather than lowering my estrogen/progestrone dosage enough to stop spotting.  Didn't even tell me there was a lower dosage.  When finally found out there was a lower dosagem, through my own research, and switched to lower dosage, spotting stopped right away.  Also, not concerned about lack of vaginal lube, just prescribed pills and didn't offer anything when not working -- new doctor prescribed estring which works much better for me.   Also switched me to the estrogen patch which is supposed to be superior to the pills.  Totally dissatisfed with Dr.  Dabney --  waited way too long to switch but glad I finally did! 	2	2	1	2	Insurance:HIPPaid/Co-pay:$30
81	1	commentsVery nice and genuinely concerned about her patients. Very knowledgeable and always willing to find out more if she can. Will even stop and say hi to me in the grocery store when I see her, unlike most drs. I recommend her very highly! 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	commentsDr. Dahl ROCKS!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
99	1	 Great Doctor. Very informed and up to date information. She took alot of time and listened to me. I just love her.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Workers Comp
