dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
3	1	 She is an extremely nice doctor. I used to visit her at Metro but ever since she moved i have switched. Once again, great doctor very knowledgeable and really nice.  I recommend this to every single person like me 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$45
6	1	 Dr. Vagnier delivered 2 of my 3 kids. She is very helpful in answering question, caring, and dedicated. She made me feel at ease and relaxed. The office staff is also very nice. I have recommended her to many friends and they all agree that she is amazing.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
7	-1	 Is friendly, tries hard to keep to his busy schedule.  This does not, however, permit him time to hear patient's concerns and receive adequate follow up information.  When a serious problem exists, I feel it behooves the Dr. to call personally and explain results rather than have minimal relayed by assistants.  	4	4	2	2	Insurance:AnthemPaid/Co-pay:$35
7	0	commentsWe visited three times and will not go back.Dr. Vail was condescending to us and his staff (in front of us as).He does not like to answer questions and spends very little time with the patient. I had set up a payment plan for $350 orthotics that our insurance did not cover. Two staff asked me about the payment plan during one visit. The third, caught me outside after I had left, to remind me that I still had a debit with them.I politely explained that I had set up a payment plan (again).The focus is definitely on paying off the beautiful office, not the patient.My child's feet did improve with the orthotics and the exercises. However, in less than a year, my child outgrew the orthotics. We were given no advice when I had previously asked what the benefits would be of spending $70 to purchase the &quot;outgrow plan&quot; for one free replacement set within the year, and now need to pay $350 for a new set of orthotics in less than a year.We will do that, but with a Dr. we respect. 	1	4	1	4	Insurance:Unknown
7	-1	 Save your time and your money.  This staff is rude and ignorant.  They acted like I was their first patient ever. Procedures are not clearly explained.  They want you to keep coming back FOREVER.  Who can afford it&#63;&#63;  Doctor talks down to staff in front of patient.  WAAAAYYYY too expensive for nothing.  	2	3	1	2	Insurance:Anthem
7	-1	 His staff is very rude. Long waiting room times and lack of respect for patients. I had issue with my insurance company and instead of helping me understand his staff wrote me off and treated me like dirt.  I won't be going back.  	1	2	1	1	Insurance:Anthem
7	1	commentsHe removed a painful bunion.  Friends said I'd be in a great deal of pain afterwards.  I experienced only a mimimal, short-lived ache.  I'd rate him 9 out of 10.  Make up your own mind.  His staff has always been very friendly and helpful. Dr. Vail has a commendable sense of humor that puts the patient at ease. 	5	4	5	4	Insurance:Unknown
7	-1	.   	1	2	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	1	commentsDr. Vaida seems to be a very good thoracic surgeon.  I have had one procedure and am scheduled for another in a week.  Presents his opinion very matter of factly. I was disappointed not to see him at all the day of my surgery (out patient). Have had experience at his office of waiting for over 2 hours in the exam room.  His office staff does not seem very efficient and you have to make multiple calls to make sure issues aren't dropped. 	4	2	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	 Very good, careful and caring family doctor. I only hope Obama's healthcare palns don't drive him to retire.  	5	4	5	4	Insurance:United Healthcare
31	1	 I've been going to Dr. R. Valido for several years and have nothing but praises for him and his staff. Dr. Valido is kind, courteous and makes an uncomfortable exam not so bad. I would recommend Dr. Valido to anyone looking for an OBGYN.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
36	-1	commentsDr. Valade seemed OK but his staff (and he by extension) were horrible.  I had a high calcium test (second one) and he ordered another blood test -- to test the lab result (like that was normal to be wrong&#63;). I called to suggest getting a parathyroid hormone test (PTH) with the (third) blood test so there would be enough information to make some kind of diagnostic meaningful decision (other than to order the PTH next).  I was berated by his nurse and told point blank that if I questioned the doctor's order of JUST a calcium test then I ought to find another doctor.  Sure enough after I got the calcium test I was fired with a rude letter saying you are no longer my patient.  I called to ask why, or what that was all about, but Dr. Valade refused to speak to me.  Wow.  What a schmuck.  I guess some doctors don't like their patients to actually think and participate in their healthcare decisions.  His office is a do-it-my-way with no questions (or suggestions) kind of operation.  Beware. 	1	3	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
40	-1	 We tired this dr out , since we wanted to find a dr closer to home... Bad mistake.  I took my husband in for his blood pressure, normal checkup kinda thing, he was ok then, but when my husband went to see him for dizziness and stomach problems, thats when his service of caring went down hill. We have been testing my husband for weeks now and nothing, His care level is not there, his concern is not there, his look of believing is not there.  We are now on the look for a new dr.  	5	5	1	1	Insurance:Aetna
40	1	 Smart and well trained, his country folk clientel appreciate him.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
40	-1	commentsalways read the pamphlet on medication he gives you because he tends to hand out samples without knowing much about them. (he gave me viox for a migraine and told me maxalt would not make me drowsy). I would not go back to him. 		4	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
59	-1	commentsDr.Vaidya was absoulty insulting! He told me my joint pain was &quot;normal&quot; for my age, Im 25 and it feels like my bones are breaking everytime I move! He offered me no help what so ever! I went two to visits and actaully was treated terrible by the staff because I would not have my labs drawn there because of how expensive it was! He drew labs on me and told me I needed to follow up with another doctor because it was not in his area of practice, but when he could I was upset about him not doing anything for my joints offered to see me back for the labs, expect he already told me there was nothing he could do so what was the point! He laughed when I asked for him to order xrays to rule out arthirits and told me I was to young and my pain was normal! He has no bedside manner and only cares about the money! 	2	5	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
59	-1	 I went to Dr Vaidya seeking help and received Apathy.He was not interested in helping me with the pain and fatigue that keeps me in bed most days, claiming that I have fibromyalgia after I have already been diagnosed and treated for RA for 6 years he treated me like I was making up how bad my symptoms are and how my life is totally disrupted. He gave me nothing to help the pain and when I asked to be referred to somewhere for pain management so I can get back to life, I got no response. Then I asked to be referred to a Neurologist to see if I have MS because my symptoms match some of the ones for MS. That neurologist had all ready been briefed by Dr vaidya and would not listen to anything I had to say, he even wrote in my chart that I was&quot;fired&quot; and sent a certified letter saying he would not treat me.It is bad enough to have a debilitating illness everyday but to have to deal with this type of incompetence is inexcusable,he should not be allowed to practice medicine.  	1	5	1	1	Insurance:Medicare
59	1	commentsDr Vaidya is my 2nd rheumatolgist. I liked my original rheumy and thought that I wouldn't find another good dr. Dr Vaidya has been wonderful. You can tell that he truly cares about his patients and takes the time to answer any questions you may have. If you have a concern or feel differently about something, he listens to you. I'm happy that he's my rheumatologist and know that you would be also. Very personable and likeable. A good rheumatologist...and up to date on all newer medications and trials. Paula 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	commentsFantastic doctor; fantastic staff.  I did chemo at the Zangmeister Center for ovarian cancer and Dr. V and the staff there are awesome. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	 Very gentle and kind to my 83 year old mother. Diagnosed with a condition that required a complete hysterectomy. Not what we wanted to hear for someone her age! Everything went picture perfect. She's fine now and no further treatment necessary. Recommend highly.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	1	 Saved my life by removing a volleyball sized malignant ovarian tumor and then supervising a six session chemotherapy run. Kept me informed each step of the way and I will be following up with him at regular intervals over the next 5 years.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Tricare
77	1	 Extremely helpful, staff extremely polite and helpful too. He really cares about getting you the right treatment.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$15
77	1	 The best doctor I've ever seen. He always knows exactly what I'm trying to say even thought it's hard to explain it. Dr. Valle takes his time with me and truley seems to care about me as a person not just another patient. His nurse is extremelly friendly and always retuns my calls within the same day.  		5	5	5	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:$2000
77	0	commentsQuiet but timid. Asked the patient what medication to be on. Doesn't instill confidence in him. 		5	2	3	Insurance:Unknown
77	1	commentsDr. Valle is very polite, knowledgeable, and personable. Calls to his office are answered within 24 hrs. He checks in with his office even when he's on vacation. Paid/Co-pay:$5600		4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
79	0	commentsLooks like the other rating was written by the doctor himself.my personal exp has been horrendous.stay away from this practice. 	1	2	3	3	Insurance:Unknown
79	1	commentsAmazing office! Amazing Dr! Amazing girls in the front desk!The assistants are so gentle and the office is clean, up to date and sooo nice. The prices are wonderful as well! I never would have expected to be treated like such a queen at the dentist! Paid/Co-pay:$2400	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	 Excellent doctor, very caring and concerned for patients care. His nurse will make call backs and very kind.  We love this doctor! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Tricare
81	0	commentsI had a 9:00 A.M. appointment (the first appointment of the day) and did not see the doctor till 10:00 A.M.  I had to arrive 15 minutes early per the receptionist.  Dr. Vaitkus was not even there when I arrived for the appointment.  When he finally arrived, he gave no apology for being late.  He said he was running behind. At no point did he ever state he was sorry for being late.  Then he needed to look over the information of my CT scan/file.  I feel he wasn't prepared at all for my scheduled appointment. I have seen this doctor 3 times he has not been punctual for any of those appointments.  Three strikes you're out!! 	4	1	2	3	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	commentsDuring my visit I felt that I was treated very well.I would absolutely recommend this doctor to my family and friends.  I felt this visit was an amazing success!Overall I would rate this visit : outstanding! 		4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	commentsThere is a reason my entire extended family comes here! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
85	-1	commentsworst doctor ever. blows off patients concerns. does not listen to family members. thinks that once he has you all figured out, thats it. 	4	4	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	 Really amazing Doctor! I tried two others, one in Toledo even, and Dr. V is the best. Perfect combo of staff, his bedside manner, and maybe the fact he's a DO. Either way, definitely where my family and I are going from now on.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
85	-1	comments 	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
86	-1	commentsWasn't even allowed to see the actual doctor until I put my foot down and made him see me. Kept being seen by a nurse practioner who gave me scripts for controlled substances she had sitting there signed by him which is illegal. She went strictly by what a previous physician had ordered, without this doctor ever having seen me. Then when I requested to see him, it was a big deal, and he finally decided he would. Had looked at computerized charting by nurse practitioner and had me pre-diagnosed before he even saw me. Then he yelled at me, and said just accept the facts. Turns out he was completely wrong, have a new doctor who took the time to evaluate me over a period of time, not just go by what someone else had written or said. 	1	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
86	-1	 Dr. Valko did not really get to the root problems of our children. He relies on the haphazzard approach of using UNSAFE levels of medications on children. Our children spent years in an unnecessary drug induced haze that cost our family thousands of dollars. More importantly, our children lost several vital years of their childhood. We discovered a different practice/doctor that took time to truly understand our children, regardless of time-constraints. We would HIGHLY recommend doing your research before sending your children to Dr. Tim Valko. God Bless you in your search and we pray our evaluation of Dr. Tim Valko is helpful to your family.  	2	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
86	0	 His therapists definitely make this practice.  As for Dr. Valko, that is a different story.  He sees things in black and white, no shades between which is really frustrating for someone who is prone to intermitent explosive disorder.  He can be very understanding and nice, but he can be just as aggrevating in the blink if an eye.  	3	4	3	2	Insurance:Tricare
87	1	 Dr. Valle is very knowledgeable and truly cares for his patients. He cared for my mother in her last days and he took (unpaid) time to make sure I understood each step of her condition along the way. He took time to converse with my family and my mother. She raved about his kindness until the day she passed.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
87	1	commentsDr Valle has little man's syndrome and thinks he can do no wrong. Avoid him, he can have a real attitude. He should have stayed in Peru. 	3	3	2	5	Insurance:Unknown
90	1	commentsHad first surgery ever in May 2011. Dr. Vale was very kind and knowledgable in a quiet, gentle way. He was unusally punctual (less than a  minute often! His skill and expertise is quite evident. D.Moore RN, BSN, CEN 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
90	1	 Saw Dr. Vale in the past he was very nice, very outgoing, told me what was going to happen during my procedure. Went back to him a few weeks ago, Still loved him, But his office girl had changed and she was very rude. I felt like she was trying to rush through all the paper work. Didn't listen to me, I walked out of his office somewhat confused. Oh well, I still think Dr. Vale is a great Dr.  	1	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
90	1	 Dr. Vale was so GREAT to my grandpa. Grandpa on his 85th birthday was very sick, we were in the ER. No one knew what was wrong. Dr. Vale came in and knew right away the my grandpas appendix had burst. Dr. Vale save my grandpas life. He was so caring and so nice. My family and I have great respect for him.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
90	1	 He is an amazing doctor, I really enjoyed him and his willing to show me what was my problem. He is so careing, I would tell everyone to go to this guy if they needed someting done, His one nurse the one who roomed me was very nice, and was so nice to me and my husband, she always had a smile on her face. Thanks to the careing people in his office.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
91	1	 doctor is very knoledgeabe. takes a short time to get an appointment.  	5	4	4	5	Insurance:United HealthcarePaid/Co-pay:$30
