dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	Great with kids 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	He is just the greatest. He office has such a pleasant atmosphere. He has televisions and he has a great sense of humor.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
3	1	Dr. Baig is truly one of the best physicians I have ever experienced. Explains everything, makes sure that any treatment decisions are truly joint, and is extremely thorough. His office staff is also beyond compare with other doctor's offices. If you are looking for a true health management partner, this is your doctor.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
4	1	Dr. Bajwa is extremely professional, articulate, and warm.  She is very nice. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	0	 	1	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	Dr. Ball is very kind to his patient's and sensitive to the needs of the children and their parents.  He is very thorough with his examinations, answers questions patiently and follows up for quality of care. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	Dr. Ball is fantastic with our son -- he's very knowledgeable and also very good with kids.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
7	1	The star is only for Dr. Bagenstose who was very kind and took the time necessary to walk me through the allergy testing process.    I booked the morning appt so that I could be back at work. I was assured that the exam would take 3 hours at the most.    My test took over 4hours. I was dressed in a gown and not feeling entirely comfortable leaving the room to ask if there was a problem. When I left they offered to write me a note to bring in to work.    I called today to ask about the bruises and rash left on my arm from the test that was 8 days ago and I spoke to a nurse who let me know that it was normal. I spoke again with the receptionist, Cathy, and asked her why the exam took that much longer than expected and why no one had come in to explain the situation. She interrupted me before I could finish my thought and exclaimed, &quot;I'm so sorry I really wish I could have been in there to personally entertain you!! What happens is that the doctor runs behind.&quot; 	1	1	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
8	-1	Dr. Bailey should close her office. The office staff is nice enough but very unofficiant.Dr.Bailey was&quot;too busy&quot; to notify me of my test results in a timely manor.She ordered $3500 worth of tests (out of pocket). Then she did not have an answer to what was my health problem and said she didn't know what to do next&#63; She gave me no suggestion or guidance. Also discovered in my patient notes: that as an infant I had a spinal problem. I never had a spinal problem! It was a thymus gland issue. I could go on and on. Just glad I never had her cut into me. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
8	-1	Dr.Bailey in my opinion should hang up her scalpel.She does not listen to patients, is very abrupt and leaves the room in a whirlwind,leaving you to wonder,&quot;what just happened&#63;&quot; How does she even know why I am here&#63; She didn't ask me any questions or even explain anything. I didn't get a chance to explain any of my concerns.Then I had to have emergency surgery for something that should have been adressed(firmly believe the Dr. i have now, would have NEVER allowed me to reach the state I was in when it turned to emergency status under her watch)sooner.Once she saw the outcome of her wild and careless sugery technique, she was totally trying to walk away and leave all my healing to other Dr.'s.If it had not been for the loving care and diligence of close family and friends, I honestly,truly believe I would NOT be here today. Yes, my situation was that dire. I am happy to report that under the care of my new Dr.I am slowly healing properly.she also caused much mental anguish.  	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:Medicare
9	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	-1	When I went to see him for a physical and weight loss suggestions he said: &quot;Eat less.&quot; Wow, ya think&#63;!&#63; When my husband went to see him about quitting smoking, he said, &quot;You've been smoking all your life, you're going to do what you're going to do.&quot; THANKS! When I called 2 days after persistent cough + asthma, he said to take Mucinex OTC cough syrup. GOING TO GET A NEW DR. ASAP -- DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME! 	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
10	-1	Told a depressed patient to &quot;just deal with it until it goes away&quot; and left the room.  Thumbs DOWN!!!!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
10	0	i feel he doesnt truly listen to what i am telling him, therefore doesnt help me much with my medical issue at the time.  	5	5	3	3 	Insurance:Tricare
10	1	I find him to be punctual and cordial.  I sometimes come away feeling that a thorough enough job hasn't been done but I've only dealt with minor medical issues. Nothing life threatening. 	3	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	 	4	4	2	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	Dr Ballesteros will spend as much time as is needed to get your problem taken care of. Unfortunately he often spends a lot of time with the patient scheduled just before you, also! LOL. But the wait is definitely worth it, and you always feel that you are the only person in the world on his mind when he is with you. He is kind, gentle, and his breadth of knowledge of medicine and healing is AMAZING. He always knows just what you should do and has an encouraging word to help you get it done.  I would recommend him to anyone who needs a doctor who really cares, and in fact have sent both of my parents to him, too! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
12	1	First time patient..recommended if you need a dermatologist. Friendly, great staff. Have had my share of unhelpful doctors so it's always worth rating when you find a good one.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	0	$115 for 5 minutes, most of which was spent with his assistant. Very rushed. My name was spelled wrong on my paperwork.  	3	5	3	3 	Insurance:Anthem
12	0	I felt like Dr. Bakos really rushed through my visit--he didn't spend much time answering my questions and seemed pre-occupied by other things and getting on to other patients. 	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	I love my dentist! It is a friendly office and very modern. I have been a patient of Dr. Balaze since he took over the practice and have had a few fillings. It was always made very clear that I was not in network and I always knew what I was supposed to pay before I had work done.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	0	This dentist bought out my mother's dentist's practice (Dr. Magid).  AFTER doing work on my mother, she was informed that he was NOT following the previous payment practice of Dr. Magid, to allow elderly patients on fixed incomes to pay off their bill over time.  My mother is a senior citizen, and unemployed.  She has never reneged on a bill.  It may take a number of months to pay it off, but it always is.  Even though Dr. Balaze's office was told exact dates that my mother would send in a check, and the amount, they still reported her to a collection agency!   Oh, and by the way, the bill was only for about $250!!!  Even the collection agency told my mother that this guy was ridiculous.  Oh--and on top of that, he added a $30 service charge.  Pass the word--this is the type of doctor that cause the profession to have a bad name! 	1	4	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
14	-1	Doctor did not listen to me.  Doctor did not run diagnostic tests and the succeeding doctor immediately ran a full battery of tests and found problems. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	She is considerate and empathetic with her patients. She saved my life after I was undiagnosed with an MI by an ER MD and another cardiologist. She is wonderful with her followup care and with educating.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Molina
15	1	Always comes in first thing in the morning to see all of her patients and after there procedures she checks on all of them and makes sure they have everything they need she always goes above and beyond for all staff and patients. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	Dr Balint is the smartest, nicest doctor we have ever seen. My daughters life would never be as wonderful without her care. She's the BEST !!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
16	1	Dr. Balint is the most caring, patient Dr. that I have ever met, my daughter adores her. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	DR. BALINT IS THE MOST CAREING DR. THAT I HAVE EVER RAN ACROSS. SHE IS ABSOLUTELY THE WONDERFUL WITH MY DAUGHTER. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	Dr. Balint is the best Gastro doctor at children's. Believe me I've been through them all! She is a very careing doctor. She was so personal, that she got to know not only me but my family also. She not only comforts you but your family also. She is a great, awesome, wonderful not only doctor but person.  words cannot explain her passion! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
16	1	She has been a God-send to us! Kind and smart and caring, loving my daughter and saving her life time and again. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	Dr. Ball is always on time, and very caring for her patients. She has the patients helf as her primary focus.  	4	5	4	5 	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
17	-1	Patient reported to Dr. Ball that he was abusive to his wife.  The dr. wrote a simple Rx for an anti-depressant and told him not to be so hard on himself.  The staff has &quot;joked&quot; with the patient about smoking pot. Three appointments out of the last four have been canceled the same morning as the appointment. There have been times when entering the office (at the correct appt time) the patient has seen Dr. Ball leave the office, having him wait 30-45 mins past scheduled appt time.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Humana
18	1	He was wonderful. The staff was fantastic and the nurses on call to answer questions were outstanding! I would highly recommend this practice.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
18	1	Great Doctor.  Really knows his stuff. He has a great bed side manner and is to the point.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
18	1	Dec 2010 - corrected a sinus problem that was mis-diagnosed for years.  No problems since.  GREAT doctor! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	This doctor has been very helpful to me.  He found what my problem was, instead of my regular physician.  Now I can sleep. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	performed difficult ear surgery on my 2 yr old. Was very knowledgable and helpful sharing the info with us.  Would highly recommend! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
18	1	Dr. has a lot of patients because he is a superior surgeon, so if he seems rushed all you have to do is ask him and he stays as long as you need. I had a lot of follow up care and found him very professional and compassionate.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
18	1	Very knowledgeable, but does not spend a lot of time with you. Seemed rushed during visits.  		5	3	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
18	1	Excellent doctor. Performed sinus surgery on me and detected allergies. I am feeling so much better thanks to him.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
19	1	Dr. Candice (Balogh) Fehring was so great! She really made me feel at ease. I am normally very scared of the dentist, but she was very gentle and I did't even feel the shot! I also liked how thorough she was when explaining treatment.  I will definitely be back to see her!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
20	1	He was awesome.  Answered all my questions and the follow ups after surgery were good, along with the staff.  Need to see him again soon and know all will be well. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	Very good doctor, will recommend. He helped me through my Gall Bladder surgery and took very good care of me.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:AARP
20	0	He doesn't prescribe pain meds- which is fine, but I wish he would have told me that BEFORE my procedure (rubber banding). He said it wouldn't be too uncomfortable but it was very bad for days. And when I called the office to see if they could give me something for the pain they just said I should &quot;ride it out&quot; (exact words). I was very disappointed that they didn't help me. Other than that he was very knowledgeable, pleasant and professional. If you can get a pain script from your PCP then I would recommend Dr. Bais. Otherwise, look for someone who has a bit more sympathy for pain. 	2	5	1	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	DR SANJIV BAIS MADE ME FEEL VERY COMFORTABLE AT EACH AND EVERY VISIT, I WOULD RECOMMEND ANY ONE TO HIM FOR MEDICAL CARE AND MEDICAL EVALUATION. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	What a great person to go to. Too bad I couldn't bring him and his staff to Alaska with me. He is very well liked in the town and good looking too.  A+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	1	Dr. Bailey is fine. But his office staff is rude and slow. I have called for an appointment four times today.  The first time I was put on hold.  After six minutes I hung up.  I called back a few minutes later and the line was busy.  A half an hour later, it was still busy.  The fourth time I got through, but was put on hold again.  I waited for 11 minutes and then just hung up. Horrible, horrible service. 	1	2	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
22	-1	He dosn't care at all about what is wrong with you. He just wants to get his fee and get you out of there. He will send you to a specialist only after months of going to him. He tried to talk me out of going to the specialist but after I did get to go my problem was taken care of right away. He is a bad doctor don't go to him.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
22	0	bedside manner very mediocre, like that of a wet blanket; he seems passive and gentle upon first impression; the dr. wanted to wean me off a med, but i heard it from the RECEPTIONIST on the phone first; not the dr.; i found the dr. disrespectful of my patient rights; i told his staff i was going to get a second opinion, or see another practioner; he exploded and wrote me a nasty letter banning me from his practice, in addition to the other 9 satellite offices within that corporation; is it because i'm a nurse&#63;  is it because i know too much&#63;  is it because i have been in the field long enough to learn how to become agressive re: my own patient rights&#63;  he seems fine on the surface; cross him, and he can become pompous and arrogant; that is MY experience with dr. bailey...  	1	5	2	3 	Insurance:Aetna
22	0	Either the office is understaffed or they just don't care that your time is valuable. Limited office hours. Several of my concerns were 'brushed off' by the Dr. and later turned out to be a 'Med Clinic' visit for a real issue. I have taken my health elsewhere after 4 yrs with this office. 	2	2	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	Dr. Bailey is a good doctor, however I wait in the lobby a short amount of time, but in the actual room forever it seems.  I agree with the other poster on here that Dr. Bailey does seem dismissive and hurried like he has somewhere better to be than to be helping me with my issues.  I've been seeing him for the past 3 years however, and don't plan on switching just yet. 	4	2	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	I found Dr. Bailey to be rather standoffish during my office visit with him.  I felt like he was concentrating too much on typing into the laptop than looking up or listening to me. However, the office staff will always fit you in for an acute visit, and for the most part, they are friendly and accomodating. I've never had to wait long for my appointment, and the nurses are really kind and friendly.  Kristen, the nurse practitioner, is THE BEST--kind, caring and warm. 	4	4	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	Dr. Bailey was thorough and listened attentively to what I had to say. He spent time with me each time I went, and didn't dismiss me prematurely. He ran tests and explained procedures so that I would understand their necessity. He was calm and professional. He made suggestions for treatment that many other doctors missed in the past, which completely helped my condition. I never had a problem with his staff, but they were slightly unprofessional in appearance with a great deal of visable tattoos. But that was a few years ago. Still, they were not out of the ordinary in their care..they just did not initially instill confidence. But the were ok. Another thing that I loved about this office was that they opened at 7:00 am and I was able to have an early appointment before going into work, which helped me greatly in using my limited sick time. I really liked Dr. Bailey but have since moved out of state. I would go back to him in a hurry if I lived in Stow again. 	 3/6/09	3	3	5	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	Very Caring staff. He had blood drawn in his office which is very convenient.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
23	-1	All this dr. does is prescribe medicine.  Doesn't seem that he knows much else.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
23	1	Wonderful doctor. He has been taking care of my 72 years old mother for 3 years. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	Dr. Bach and his staffs are so wonderful. They are always there to help and even stayed late to make sure everything was done properly. Thank you so much. Amy S. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	-1	this doctor turned us away due to failing a drug test that was not our fault...  the medication this doctor gave to us was not in our system due to we took a couple extra due to pain etc now he has cut us off completly and will not see us we our not drug addicts nor do we use anything else the whole test was neg from any drug! he went on to ask if we sold ours! this is a  shame we tried to explin to him that our medication was not enough for our pain etc this is sad! u will get kicked out for not passsing a test one time he ave us no chances! 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
24	1	Just love this doctor I have been with her for 9 years, all my kids go to her.  She is the best, my oldest had lots of issues as a baby and she got him through it..my twins were preemies and had problems with breathing, not that you can tell now.  I can count on her any time, day or night.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
24	1	I love this doctor. She has always been really good with my kids and has tried to work things out for them when other doctors have not...  	3	3	4	4 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
24	-1	Very rude...didn't want to answer your questions...anytime you asked a question...she acted like 'are you stupid or something&#63;'...then my child was with her for 9 years (my fault)...and she refused to see him one day when he was ill because of a $8. 00 UNPAID BALANCE that we had!  Refused to pay her after that and went to an incredible new doctor that actually CARES about her patients! 	3	2	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	Had a crown prepared and installed by her. Totally painless, didn't even feel the injection. Careful, courteous, efficient--about as pleasant as dentistry can be.  	 8/10/06		5	5	Insurance:Anthem
26	1	My son was born with kidney failure, no other doctor could even come close to what Dr Backes has done through the years for my son.Him being such a great doctor is why  I still have my son 3 kidney transplants and 27 yrs later. He is the best doctor a parent could ever take their child to, Can't say much for the associates so if you have a child that has a chronic illness except none other than Dr Backes 	2	3	5	5 	Insurance:Molina
26	0	Best doctor any parent would ever want to take their child to. His associates are good but Dr.  B is the best!!!!! 	2	1	2	3 	Insurance:Molina
26	1	Dr Backes is very wise. He listened to us, supported our choices and provided helpful information. We chose an alternate vaccine schedule and look for non-drug options when possible, and he is very supportive and knowledgeable. He is genuinely interested in current research and providing the best possible care. I can't say the same for Drs White and Kuper. Unfortunately, we routinely wait 1 1/2 to 2 hours in the waiting room. If you have a 10am appt, expect to be there until 1pm. 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	I can't recommend Dr. Backes enough. He is great with the kids and as knowledgable as can be. I would never hesitate to use his services. The office staff, however can be a real headache to deal with. Scheduling problems, billing issues, sitting in the waiting room for an hour and a half to see the doctor are all the norm. If Dr. Backes has a private office without the other doctors, I would use him for everything; as it is, we use our primary family doctor for everything that we can.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
26	1	Dr. B This is a man who LISTENS (to the parent(s))as he begins to treat the child. He instilled this into his students (Ohio University) I learned this in class and as the parent he pratices what he preaches! EX: He stepped in when my 2yr old was on his 4th Ear Tubesin 12 mos suggested strapping sinuses and then put the tubes in. IT WORKED! When I started a new family again 10 years later I know who I wanted take care of all three kids now. I am in hopes newest Dr. Backus learned how list and have great bedside manners. FYI you: Dr. B had to go and take out the tubes he put in. So Quality he gets AAA+ rating in this family.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
26	1	He is a great and caring physician. He really cares about the patient and makes them feel comfortable. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	. Very good with children, friendly office staff, works well with parents and supports research backed parental choices 		4	4	4 	Insurance:Anthem
27	1	. He takes time with you and explains things in detail 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
28	1	I've been his patient for about 10 years. He takes what time is needed for the appointment, and he tells it to me straight. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	Dr. Bal is an excellent Doctor for several reasons.  He will spend as much time with you as you need.  He doesn't rush you or make you feel like he is in a hurry.  His demeanor is one of caring and concern, which is very unusual today.  Dr. Bal will go the extra mile for you in finding out different methods of care you may need.  I consider him my lifesaver with regards to my diabetes.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
28	1	Dr.  Bal is he best doctor I've ever had,warm,compassionate and caring he always gets back to you on the same day,while you're waiting for him a nurse will call in between 	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	1	Dr. Bal is a warm, compassionate doctor. He's great about listening to patient concerns during a visit, and is also quick to get back to you if you call his office with a question. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	dr. bal is very kind and warm the type of person you feel comfortable confiding in,easy to get ahold of and never in a hurry 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	1	Dr.Bal is a very caring and compasionate physician. He takes his time and listens to your concerns. He will even follow thru with a phone call to you at home. He is highly competent and not full of himself, like so many of the Cleveland Clinic Physicians. I would give him a 5. 0 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
28	1	I started seeing Dr. Bal after many co-workers commented on what an extraordinary doctor he was. I am a nurse and can say with great confidence he is very knowledgeable and caring. He really takes his time with his patients. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	Awesome caring doctor. However his office manager sucks. She would not let me schedule and appointment because I owed 2.00. She is also NOT friendly at all. Which is sad because he is such a good doctor. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
30	-1	AWFUL.I scheduled this appointment to discuss my adult acne and have a full body mole check done. I had to wait more than a month to even get the appointment. I waited an hour in the waiting room, another 20 minutes in the exam room, and the doctor herself didn't even come in to see me. The nurse practitioner came in, did not address either of my concerns, and sent me on my way after spending three entire minutes with me, most of which she spent talking about HER medical history. Steer clear.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
30	-1	I had seen by the Dr twice and both times Dr. Balazs would not talk to me or answer my questions directly she would talk through her nurses.  The wait is always very long and  she is obviously not respectful of her patients. But it doesn't end there.  I called for a refill of prescriptions and asked for a call back from a nurse.  I waited a week for both and the prescriptions were called in wrong.  I called again a week later and asked for another call back meanwhile my skin condition was growing worse (painful).  I was told that they didn't know when I would get a call back.  So naturally I made the comment that I would just find another Dr. A little while later I got a call back from someone within the office telling me off.  The woman yelled at me till the point I had to hang up and call the office manager.  Don't waist your time or money here.  I have never felt so disrespected by a doctor or her staff.  I have a new appointment somewhere else tomorrow.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
30	-1	I have been to this dr. 3 times and each time I waited over 40 minutes to see her while I could hear her outside the door discussing her supper plans.  She didnt treat me with respect, let her nurses enter without knocking (and while I was talking), only talked to the nurses and not me and also left without answering my questions.  I left feeling degraded and still without help.  While I'm sure she is quite knowledgeable, she lacks the ability to understand her patients. 	3	1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
30	0	I had 3 visits with Dr Balazs's practice.  The 1st visit was good and occurred approx 2 years ago.  The last 2 visits had unacceptably long wait times to see the Nurse Practicioner and the Dr.  The previous wait time was over 1-1/4 hr and the last wait time was over 1-1/2 hour w/o seeing the NP or Dr so I left.  I found another dermatologist because her staff obviously cannot manage the providers schedules to keep wait times to a reasonable time.  Very very disappointing experience with this practice.  She even graduated from the same university, only later than myself. 	1	1	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
30	-1	uncaring and very rude and obnoxious staff. I was stood up twice over a year with out notice..... very unprofessional! 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Anthem
30	1	Should have followed my gut and walked out based on the rudeness of the assistant who took my history info. Then 10 minutes for exam, nitro squirts on 2 moles, removal and biopsy of one area - comes to $796!!  Anthem pays less than half of that.  Add to that $516 for the skin cream. . I saw the nurse, not the doctor. She was good, but the one question I asked was dismissed without being answered.  As another reviewer said - &quot;a meat market&quot;.  I cancelled my followup appointment.  	 3/29/12	2	3	3	Insurance:Anthem
30	-1	Extremely rude staff. They were rude on the phone every time I called. I would definitely NOT recommend Beavercreek Dermatology. Save yourself the time and go somewhere else! 	1	2	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
30	0	She prescribed all the right medicine, I had really bad acne, and it has since all cleared up. But I hated that I had to wait an hour after my scheduled appt time just to see her for two minutes. I spent more time with her aides who asked what medicines I used. She often forgot what medicines she prescribed me and when I told her which ones I was using, because she told me too, she denied it and said she told me to use others. I think she is very smart and knows how to treat the problems, but I wish she would spend a little more time listening to the patient. Also, she kept recommended me use acutane, which has recently been recalled, and my acne was not THAT severe. She needs to look into her medicines before prescribing them or atleast tell the patients all the possible side effects.  	4	2	3	3 	Insurance:Anthem
30	-1	Although I've been going there for 5 months, I've ONLY seen the PA, and Dr. Balazs writes my perscriptions for accutane. The 3rd month the staff screwd up and forgot to clear me in the ipledge system for me to get my pills. In turn I had to wait a month to go back on them. Now the 4th month they overlooked the fact that my pre auth from the insurance had to be redone. I have until tomorrow for them to fix all of this and pick up my pills or I have to wait another month to go back on them! In the meantime my body is going haywire! I'm on the pills then off the pills. My acne gets a little better then horribly bad. Not only is this a pain in the butt, but the acne going away and coming back is physically painful. If they screw it up this time I'm going somewhere else.  Hell, a monkey could do a better job than that office!! 	1	3	2	2 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
30	0	My experience with Kathryn Balazes was she was very rude. Very hostile, and threatening. I'm right your wrong attitude, she sat and argued about questions I had, and lectured me on how to approach her. I felt like a project not a person. I didn't feel comfortable or safe. Don't like that they can only remove 2 moles at a time, just doesn't seem right. I felt very uneasy, and confused. I opted not to have anything done but still left feeling dirty and violated and in tears. I admit I am not the most compliant patient in the world but I was nice and respectful and didn't deserve to be treated this way. I wish I would have read these reviews before I went. I will never ever go back.  	4	4	2	3 	Insurance:Humana
30	1	I have known the Doctor since her internship in the late 90s. I find her being very caring and if she is not sure of the diagnosis, she refers. She has a very nice and intelligent PA whom I have seen many times as well.  I would recommend this practice to anyone!! 	5	5	5	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
30	-1	The average wait time in this office is one hour before even going into a patient room.   She is not patient-centered. She does not take complaints well. She will kick you out of the practice rather than deal with office issues.  She can do this because with limited dermatologists she has many patients.  Be very concerned about your patient rights if you go to this practice.  	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Anthem
30	-1	Not happy with service, spent over $1K having moles removed with irregularities.  Would not remove moles during first visit - schedule additional visits and would only remove 2 at a time, thus costing me time and more copays - for nothing!  Decided to get second opinion after 5th or 6th mole removal and was told they did not need to be removed. Being in my early 20's I felt I was being taken advantage of trying to do the &quot;right&quot; thing.  	4	3	3	1 	Insurance:Anthem
30	0	I will not return to this doctor.  At one point there were 4 people in the room besides me: Dr. Balazs, the PA, a nurse or aid, and a nurse or aid in training.  Dr. Balazs talked to them ABOUT me, but didn't spend much time talking TO me. I didn't appreciate having to share very personal information with so many people! She was not listening to me or my concerns, so I not only felt very vulnerable, but I also felt disregarded.  Then she prescribed steroids, about which I could have shared my reservations if she had been in the room alone with me.  I never took the steroids, and I'm never going back. 	2	2	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
30	0	I was also seen by the PA. When I asked to see Dr. Balazs, she came in but not really happy. I thought that  She saw me for about two minutes and not very helpful. That was my first and last visit.  	4	3	2	3 	Insurance:Anthem
30	0	I was seen by the PA, who was great.  Dr. Balazs herself saw me for about two minutes and was neither particularly helpful nor especially focused.  It wasn't a bad experience, but I don't think I'll go back.  	5	3	3	3 	Insurance:Anthem
30	1	Dr. Balaz has been a wonderful doctor. She listens to me and takes care of any concerns.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
30	0	Terrible service.  She breezed in and spent at least two mintues.  Her office sees over 100 people a day.  She is a meat market. I work with serveral people who have also tried her and feel the same.  	4	4	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	1	Staff was polite and helpful.Took me back to room in an accepted amount of time. the Dr. was helpful in explaining my diagnosis.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
31	1	Ive found Dr. badenhop very wasy to talk to. He listens to everything i have to say and answers every question i have than asks me if i have any other questions. He seems to understand the sriousness of my problem and the need to diagnose it more than any of the specialists i am seeing. Although he nor the specialists have been able to diagnose me ,, i have yet got the impression he is ready to give up.He does appear very busy at times and in a hurry. However he still appears to provide me a pretty good visit and everything gets covered. sometimes he does need my help along with his laptop to familiarize himself with my case but i suspect he has alot of patients. A very nice guy and easy to talk to.  	 2/11/07		5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
31	-1	Does not allow a person to pick their own surgeon. He asks you, then sends you to one you really wouldn't trust, he also seems too absent minded to keep up on your health care. Does not check things out completely before he &quot;Lets others make decisions for Him&quot; He wrote out a perscription with a different name on it the first time I even went to see him, his mind was not on me or my needs.  		1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
31	0	TOO HIGH 		2	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	I liked him! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	-1	He's not a very good doctor at all, he don't care anything about his people, he don't try to figure anything out if it don't show on an x-ray or blood he don't care, he lies and turns you away if he can't figure out what is wrong with you, then he tells people and puts it on your chart that you refused to see another doctor when you didn't, he isn't very good and I would see another doctor get out of his office they all stick together in there and make it look like you didn't want the help that you needed because he didn't know what was wrong and didn't care what was wrong. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	She is very professional and very understanding.  Two thumbs up for DOC! She found a polyp and removed it, unlike my previous dr who just left it there:( If I should get pregnant, I would trust her with my life as well as my child:) 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
33	1	Dr. Jennifer Baird is one of the most professional Doctors I've ever had. Not only is she helpful and caring but she is very understanding. She doesn't just hurry up come in and out of the room so that she can go on to the next patient, like other Doctors I've had in the past, she makes sure to spend personal and quality time with her patients and makes sure that before I leave,  I understand everything, and if I don't she is willing to sit for as long as she has to to make sure she has covered everything .  She also has many wonderful Patient/Doctor relationships. I trust Dr. Baird with my life, and so does most of my family. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	I had a difficult pregnancy from start to finish with my son. Dr. Baird and her staff took excellent care of me. They took the time to answer all of my questions and explain all processes and procedures. My son ended up being delivered by C-section after being admitted almost 24 hours before. I had had an ectopic the year before. Another doctor performed that surgery. He put my bowel back in the wrong place. After the C-section, Dr. Baird had to remove my bowel from my abdominal lining and put it back in the right place. I trust her with not only my life, but with the lives of my future children.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
33	0	Appts are never on time morning or afternoon.  Staff is very unhelpful, and phone calls are only taken a few hours a day.  Baird never answered any of my questions throughout my pregnancy and I often left crying due to frustration.  Glad I switched Drs before I delivered.  	3	1	2	3 	Insurance:Anthem
34	1	Spends as much time as needed.  Professional.  Very helpful.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	-1	She continually treats patients rudely. It's only because she works for GHA that she still has a job. Their bottom line is profit and could care less that  Dr Bajaj is a bottom feeder at the bottom of her profession.  	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	-1	She was very inconsiderate and rude. She seemed more annoyed I ever came to see her then interested in helping me find a cure for my symptoms. I've never had a doctor treat me so badly. 	5	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	Dr. Bajaj is a life saver.  She felt a small nodule in my Thyroid, advised me to get an ultrasound and then a biopsy.  Turned out to be Lymphoma.  Stage one Cancer! Other doctors said they barely could feel the lump.  I am so grateful she found this when she did.  I have finished Chemo and Radiation with minimal treatment all because Dr. Bajaj was so precise with her exam.   Thank God! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
34	-1	She took me off of medicine that was keeping my hormonal condition under control and left me unmedicated.  When I became symptomatic (I am in my mid 20's and started losing my eyesight, a lot of pain, became immunosuppresed) I had to beg her to check my hormone levels.  They were critically high.  She insisted on putting me on a medicine that has not worked in the past.  When I called to tell her how sick I was she interrupted me and told me that she knew I had problems and she didn't care and to just take the medication that she had prescribed.  This was months ago and now I'm going to spend the holidays at the Mayo Clinic letting them try to undo the damage she did.  Oh and when I called her office for copies of her records for the Mayo Clinic they wanted to charge me $25 becase I was sending them with other doctor's records rather than having her office mail them directly to Mayo.  	1	2	2	2 	Insurance:Anthem
34	-1	Read my blood test wrong and took me off medication I had been on for years. Failed to admit to mistake. I reported her to her supervisor and to the State of Ohio. She should not be practicing medicine.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
34	-1	She rushed through my appointment and did not treat me like an individual person, just another patient. She used many terms that I didn't understand. When I tried to ask questions, she didn't really answer me and made it seem as if my knowing the answers was unimportant. She diagnosed me with a thyroid condition, but didn't explain anything about it, just told me I had it. She was very accusatory and degrading, never encouraging or hopeful. She didn't seem to remember anything about me from previous visits, and wasted my time asking me the same basic questions about my condition every time I saw her.  	3	3	1	3 	Insurance:Anthem
34	1	She's very knowledgeable but her English is extremely difficult to understand, and really interferes with communication, and she seems unaware or doesn't care.  	 5/4/07		2	4	Insurance:United Healthcare
35	1	good doctor, but expect to wait a long time before seeing her.  	3	2	4	4 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
36	1	I love dr. Bakali. He spends alot of time with you. cares about you. he is great 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	Great with children and their parents. Highly recommend.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
37	1	She is always very friendly and listens well. Always great with children. We love her!!! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	Felt confident with his care. Did a great job. 	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
39	-1	Seemed To doubt himself as if he had no medical knowledge 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	I have been visiting Dr. Baker for many years, and she is the best dentist I have found in the area.  I am squeamish with needles like most people, but she is incredibly gentle and patient.  You can barely feel the Novocaine shot if you are having cavity work done. The staff are very friendly and good at their jobs.  It is easy to schedule an appointment in short notice, and the office stays open late on Mondays if you don't want to take the time off of work.  I highly recommend Dr. Baker and her staff. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	Just the best doctor I've ever been to. Great staff, it's just like going to see family.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
42	-1	Took my child in for tongue tie surgery....several weeks later found out from my childs speech therapist AND dentist that he did not perform the surgery correctly and she was still tongue tied in places!  When we came back for him to take a look at it and what went wrong simply stated she was fine (total of 5 min. visit) and got charged ANOTHER copay for something he messed up!  Now we have to pay extra and my 3 year old has to go through ANOTHER surgery!!  Strongly suggest finding another ENT! 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	Dr Baele ia a brilliant doctor and selfless man. I csnnot say enough good about him. He communicates everything and made me feel safe in his care. His compassion is great.  Thank you, Dr Baele! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
43	1	 	1	1	2	5 	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	Dr. Ballou has been the best doctor treating my condition.  He is very smart and cares about his patients.   I am keeping him as my doctor for his knowledge and caring! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
44	-1	My doctor referred me to a rheumatologist to be checked out for sero-negative rheumatoid arthritis.  (I chose Dr. Ballou because he is the head of the department and is on a on a local arthritis board.)  But he ignored my symptoms which have been getting worse (trouble walking, leg function loss, feeling ill all the time.)  He said he was sorry to hear of my disability.  He did &quot;not&quot; offer to test me for sero-negative arthtiris.  He did NO tests at all. What kind of doctor is this&#63;  He was very rude, abrupt, and uncaring. His manner was SO intimindating that I will not return. 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
44	-1	Seeing this doctor was one of the most humiliating and disheartening experiences of my LIFE. I went to see him for painful Fibromyalgia. Muscles ache so badly that I sometimes wish death would end the misery. He came into the room seeming angry and annoyed. He told me to take my pants off. I had no privacy to do this. He told me to walk around in front of him in my panties to &quot;see how I walk&quot;. When he was finished watching me walk all around the examining room in my panties he shook his head like he was disgusted and I was taking up his valuable time. He snapped, &quot;There's nothing wrong with you.&quot; I told him I was in a great deal of pain all the time and asked if he would give me something for my pain. His face got even angrier. &quot;Get some exercise!; go to the YMCA if that's all you can afford. And, NO, I'm not giving you anything.&quot; He left and slammed the door. Acted as though he was nothing but contemptuous of me. I was humiliated and depressed. I cried all the way home. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
44	-1	He was rude. I was fully dressed during exam. He did not follow up on my referral. He ignored my symptoms which are worsening. I am becoming disabled in my legs, and have stiffness moving up my spine into my neck. And he closed the case after one visit! 		2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	I would highly recommend Dr. Baker. I can't emphasize enough how positive of an impact Dr. Baker has had on my health and life. My treatment was set up to accommodate my individual and specific health care needs and concerns. The open office setting is warm and inviting. Dr. Baker and his staff are some of the most positive, caring, knowledgeable, and helpful people I have ever met. I don't only think of them as my health care providers, I also think of them as my friends. Anyone seeking to improve their chiropractic and overall health should absolutely put Dr. Baker at the top of their list. 	 2/17/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	I give Dr. Paul Baker at Baker Chiropractic an A+ in quality and care.  He takes a personal interest in all of his patients and gives them personal care to fit their health care needs.  The practice works out a care plan to fit your needs and budget. The practice is so positive and forward thinking in their care for you. The staff is out of this world in positivity and accommodating your health care needs as well.  Dr. Paul has me on his, &quot;Life Call&quot; program.  My blog is found at:http://www.bettyslifecall.wordpress.comAnyone can have a healthier life with Dr. Baker as their Chiropractor and &quot;Life Call&quot;  coach. 	 2/12/12	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	Very knowledgable and caring Doctor.  Has a very busy practice but still takes time to talk to you when needed.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
45	-1	Have been there several times.  I have never been asked what was wrong with me on this visit.  Every treatment was the same.  I finally decided I would not go back.  Open rooms as described -- seems concerned more about money than treating people for their specific pain.  Very friendly but not concerned about your condition that you would expect from a &quot;doctor&quot;. 	3	4	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
45	-1	The staff is very young and unprofessional. I think the public treatment area might concern hippa a bit. I was adjusted by him today and I feel horrible. Ive never felt this way after an adjustment. I would not recommend him. 	2	3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
45	-1	Not having private patient rooms was very concerning for me. This combined with the bedside manner made me feel like they were trying only to see as many patients as possible as quickly as possible so that they could get paid as much as possible. They did not take time to talk to me about my daily issues and even if they had, not being in a private patient room can be intimidating when you are talking about your personal health issues, because you are in fact sharing with the entire room full of patients. I also found that they were double billing me for services my insurance had already covered. I will never recommend Baker Chiropracti to anyone. 	1	4	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
45	-1	This guy is only interested in himself and money. 	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	. Frendly and knowledgeable 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
46	1	. i would trust dr balogh with my life and his staff  he has treated me very good and dosent stop till hes fixes it 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
46	1	I have gone to him for over 10 years. I see him for a couple different things since he is a sleep specialist in our area. I have always felt comfortable with him, and felt he took the time he needed to accomplish what I needed. I think there have been a few times that he seemed to be rushed, but he never kicked me out. Always told me to call if anything changed or I needed him before next visit. Even started writing all my instructions out because I have a tendancy to forget everything as soon as I walk out the door.  	4	3	4	5 	Insurance:Aetna
46	1	Contrary to what the other user said he has been absolutely wonderful to me. there have been several times i have gone way over time and he has never kicked me out of his office, although i have been literally pushed out by other doctors.he has really taken the time and put forth the effort to help me and if it weren't for him i don't think i would be here today.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
46	0	Rudest man I have every met. I was crying in his office the last (very last needless to say) time I was there.  He said &quot;Your time is up, you have to get out&quot;. Under knowledge I rated him a 5, because thats all he did was talk with the big medical terms, Im a nurse, so I could sort of follow him, but where he was going with all that bull crap, after 6 months, I'll never know.  I changed Dr's and was doing fine within a few weeks.  	 5/6/08	3	3	1	Insurance:Veterans Administration
47	1	Great Doctor ,very knowlegable 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	Very good doctor. Knows his stuff and polite; joyful with patient &amp; shows concerns. Recommend to anyone. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	-1	 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	Good doctor, sometimes had to wait over 2 hours. He is very intelligent and great at explaining things. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	Superb physician. Good bedside manners. Excellent with the most complex questions. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	Highly recommend.  Put your trust in him, and even if the news isn't exactly what you might want to hear, you will feel happy to be in the hands of someone who is both so extremely thorough, kind and intelligent. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	She is the best, her staff is also very nice which is a huge plus. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	Excellent Doctor - very caring, never makes you feel rushed or uncomfortable.   Highly recommend this practice (Women's Health Group)!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
50	1	Always open and willing to discuss any questions I had, and also provided helpful suggestions.  	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	1	As awkward as this type of visit can be, Dr. Babai makes me feel very comfortable. 		4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
51	1	My daughter has learning disabilities and is very shy around strangers. The staff was very gentle and patient with her, making her feel comfortable in the office. She was not apprehensive about going to her last visit. The Dr. gave us options on how to proceed with her treatment.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
51	1	If you are looking for a dental office where the dr. and staff get to know you and treat you with respect, as opposed to a cash cow, Dr. Balloon's office is it.  They truly have your best interest at heart and care about their patients. Long term staff and consistent care.  My family has total trust in these professionals. Absolutely beautiful office in a historic building! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	He spent a lot of time explaining the surgery and we felt comfortable.  He listened and seemed to care. 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	. Very personaable and Knowedable and experienced, never in a hurry 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
54	-1	We're first time parents and have Dr. Bagamary as pediatrician for our daughter. WIth every visit I am more and more convinced that she rushes up and doesn't take time to answer any questions. She maybe knowledgeable but certainly doesn't apply when take care of patients. During my last visit, I took a taxi to get to her clinic and paid $20 co-pay, was still rushed out in few mins, was told its a common virus and will take its time. Also, if comes to it ahe told me to take my baby to emergency. Firstly, why I am here to see you if I was to take her to emergency. Secondly, give me some time, talk to me about her condition....I would rate her 1-2 at the max. Highly disappointed! Looking for a better pediatrician..  	2	3	1	2 	Insurance:Aetna
54	1	All of the Physicians have been extremely good to wok with and done a great job for both of our children...  	3	2	4	4 	Insurance:Humana
54	1	Dr. Bagamery was very professional and helpful. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
55	1	. she was wonderful with my children and myself 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
56	0	Dr. has very poor bed side manner,does not lisen well. not willing to help wants to push you off to others.  	3	2	2	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
57	1	I have been going to this doctor for 17 years.  I have no complaints about her.  She is always smiling.  She always listens to what you have to say.  She even uses personally examples to make you not feel so bad when your telling her problems.  (example- she gets winded to walking up 3 flights of stairs)  She is always right on for her diagnosis. I would recommend anyone going to her.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
58	1	I was new to the state and found her to be very helpful, listens attentively, and provides sound medical advice.  Very pleasant and always has a smile!  Would recommend her without hesitation.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
59	1	She is a very good doctor and has helped me a lot with my problems. If I am sick, I can usually get in the same day.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
59	-1	Horrible doctor. She doesn't care about her patients and all she does is put people on powerful medicines that they don't need.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
59	-1	.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
59	-1	.  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
59	-1	I am now searching for another doctor.  My husband and I both have been to see her and feel like she just writes you a prescription and tells you &quot;get some rest&quot;.  I am a mom of 3 young children and have felt there is something wrong with me medically....her response is &quot;maybe you will feel better in the summer when the sun is out&quot;.  She doesn't take the time to listen and explore my symptoms further.  	2	1	1	2 	Insurance:Aetna
59	1	She is very thorough. Caught things other docs missed,saved my life from severe infection. I highly recommend her. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
59	-1	Dr. Bakenhaster is a qualified doctor. But she does not accept input from her patients to develop her prognosis.  She will issue the most statistically common diagnosis.  If you go to her with a migraine, be prepared to be told to go home and take an aspirin.  If you have a stomachache, be prepared to be told to take a Rolaids.  I would rate her a little higher if she listened to the details instead of prematurely making up her mind.  Also, I would rate her higher if she realized that I would not schedule a doctors appointment for a standard headache that is curable with an aspirin.  If a symptom is bad enough to seek help, it should be individual consideration.  	 11/26/08	5	4	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
59	1	I like her, she has caught things that my heart doctor did not catch. She always has plenty of time for my questions on my health and my medications. She has been my family doctor for 7 years and I have the highest respect for her.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
60	1	I met with Dr. Bahhur today for the first time. He was very professional. He asked questions that were timely  with my age and well-being. I liked him right away! He will be a great asset to his new practice in Adrian! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
61	-1	This doctor's office staff needs to take a class in customer service. If I treated my customers they way they treat their patients I would be fired! Thank God for my new doctor's office. They are actually nice! 	1	3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
61	0	The staff at springforest physicians is terrible--i scheduled a physical to get my blood tests and refills for my meds and they would not charge as a physical becasue my blood pressure was high--i think they get a kick back from the insurance company because they pay for one once a year--needless to say the office manager had an attitude as usual. Other people I know have had similar complaints with their staff-- 	1	3	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
61	-1	She is very unprofessional. I have went there several times for the same reason, and she tells me the same things... but nothing that gives me any information. Im in and out in 10-15 minutes with no more information then i went in with. I went to another physician in the same building (not the same office) and they were MUCH MUCH better. Dont see Mary Baldwin- it is not worth your time or money. 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
61	-1	I think she is a very poor doctor you tell her what is wrong with you and go,s alround it. I have had a pain in my neck for 2 years and nothing ben done about it. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
61	-1	I went there with a list of complaints and they where dismissed as being from nothing but fatigue. I had no tsts and no exam at this point.I told her I was concerned it might be a thyroid isue so then she ordered blood work. She wanted a mammogram, which is what I WASN'T in there for. None of the complaints I had where specifically addressed. I told her I've had persistent hip pain for four years and that was dismissed also. I left feeling as if I was a nuisance. I had blood work done the same day and was called the following day with the results. They said everything was in the normal range but the doctor could write out a prescription for depression if I wanted that. I know something is wrong but all I got was antidepressants. In my opinion Dr. Baldwin is defiantly not thorough, attentive, or caring about the patients she sees. Her follow up is much to be desired also.She just chalked up all my complaints as &quot;nothing&quot; and all in my head. I was disappointed to say the least. 	3	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	they are the nicest people. i was in and out in 45 min. dr. balski is very kind and helpful would recommend to anyone 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
62	1	I had a very pleasant experience at this office.   The staff was kind, helpful and punctual. Dr. Balski was very knowledgeable &amp; took her time to answer all my of questions.  I &quot;shopped around&quot; &amp; the fees at this office were exceptional.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
62	-1	This is the worst dental office I have ever been to. They do proceedures before they check with insurance company to see if they were covered then they put all the family members on one account so you can't see what the bill is for each person and what the insurance paid.  it makes it very confusing and everytime I walked out I was facing a $400 bill AND they like to have you come back over and over. They won't do a couple proceedures at one time.The front office girl is rude and not helpful and blamed it on the software that she could not give me an answer about my bill. Dr. Balsky will get up during a consultation and leave and go treat a patient and then leave you sitting there. Someone has to pay for building and you will be a big contributor.Then when we called for our records and xrays (over 2 wks before the appt) they would lie and say they were mailed and they were not. We had to call 3 X and when we did go to our new DDS, we STILL did not have the Xrays.  So we had to pay again 	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Aetna
63	1	Doctor is intelligent, knowledgeable, kind, and compassionate. Although there is sometimes a bit of a wait, Dr. Bahntge gives you all the time you need when it is your turn. I suffer from a debilitating disease, and he has been a Godsend.      Over the years I have seen more than my fair share of doctors, and I would definitely give him a grade of &quot;A&quot;. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	I've been coming to this doctor for years and have had the best experience.  He is very thorough and definitely cares about his patients and the quality of service.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
64	-1	Excellent staff, except for his partnering dentist. Had a few cavities. Assistant dentist rather than Dr. Baloy did work. Work resulted in two almost fully drilled teeth that left my new dentist scratching his head about why they drilled out that much of the teeth for two small cavities when he had to fix it as a result of pain.  	5	2	2	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
64	-1	Not recommended.  Charasmatic dentist turns a deaf ear when you voice a complaint.  You are left with disappointing dental work and service and holding his big bill.   Great staff...greedy dentist.  Buyer beware.  	1	3	1	3 	Insurance:Anthem
65	1	Very knowledgeable and helpful.  I would recommend to friends and family.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
65	1	 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	I HAVE BEEN TREATED VERY WELL BY THIS DR AND HIS STAFF THE ONLY THING I AM NOT HAPPY ABOUT IS EACH TIME I VISIT ( I NAW SEE A NURSE PRACTIONER) THE CHARGE SEEMS TO GO UP ALMOST $10 EACH VISIT, THE FEE IN 9 MONTHS HAS BEEN RAISED 3 TIMES FROM $55 TO $63 NOW $75 PER VISIT IF I AM PAYING THIS AMOUNT I SHOULD GET TO ACTUALLY SEE A DR 	5	3	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
66	-1	I was lied to by both the doctor and his staff, was forced into the costly injections or nothing and they held up my care with my family physician even after I told them I was through with their services. The injections were the only option they wanted to explore. Little wonder, as they make thousands of dollars from the injections, far more than other options. Please educated yourself before seeing this group. 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	Dr. B. is bright, energetic, compassionate, creative, and very skilled. I quickly developed a high degree of confidence in him by the way he that he worked with me.  When his standard equipment turned out to be insufficient for my needs, he devised a set-up that made it possible for me to get the treatment I needed.  Although the work I had done was expensive (20% of the bill for 5 visits including 3 spinal injections), I have been freed of most of my spinal pain after almost 10 years of living a nightmare. I have other pain that he has no treatment for, but my quality of life is still much better--I am probably going to be able to avoid assisted living because of him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
66	1	Great Dr! Very caring for his PT and his office staff is top notch.  	4	3	4	4 	Insurance:Workers Comp
67	1	Dr. Baluch is one of the best doctor I have ever seen. A few years ago I was diagnosed with kidney cancer. With Dr. Baluch's help and care, I have two healthy kidneys today. One thing that Dr. Baluch does is to get on eye level or even a little below when he talks to me. A small thing, but he is one of very few that doesn't talk down to me. It's not the most pleasant medical specialty, but when you need one, this is the one to go to. There is no fear or hesitancy in discussing a private problem with John because he always puts you at ease before discussing why you are there and what is going on. Also, there is no re-educating him each time you go in for the yearly exam. He remembers me and the problems I have and asks about family, It's like having an uncle for your doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
67	1	My husband was recently dx with prostate cancer. we find this Dr. and his staff to be very kind and compassionate. They never hesitate to answer questions, and are very well versed in what they do. Dr. has said he would provide info to any other Dr. if we so desire, as well as provide medical records. Dr. Baluch has personally came on the phone when he felt it was necessary to speak with one of us regarding my husbands condition. As far as we are concerned this Dr. is top notch,  and we would recommend him to anyone having issues in his field of speciality.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
68	-1	I HAVE NOT MET THIS DR. yet.However im very frustrated at tho lack of respect and kindness from the office secretary....As a new patient you are demanded to drive there &quot;no matter how far&quot; pick up a questioner packet, make appt and yet still arrive 1/2 hr before your appt. The secretary refused to mail and quoted &quot;That's are policy&quot; I was referred for pain management yet i'm expected to drive there in pain pay for gas, co-pay and what ever my insurance does not pay just to make an appt. When I vented my frustration I have never heard of this.&#63;&#63;&#63; The secretary's response was &quot; That's are policy and you can go somewhere else&quot;... how rude and disrespectful that was. let alone in pain.  	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
68	-1	I went to get a physical for employment and, as i had just relocated to the area, i had no insurance so i paid cash. He asked a little about me. I told him i was married with 4 step children and was having the physical per the requirementss for state employment with the department of corrections. The complete physical consisted of the following: blood pressure, temp, looked in my ears. I stated that I had high blood pressure and had been diagnosed as being diabetic. At this point he proceeded to tell me he didn't want to hear about the BP and i needed to take care of the diabetes. I was my wife's &quot;cash cow&quot;.  I have never had a doctor tell me he didn't want to hear about my complaint/concern. I don't particularly like physicals but i do expect that if it is required, then it be performed completely. I think it would look bad if he signed off on a good physical and something happened because he chose not to concern himself with the medical problems that could affect my employment. 	 3/5/09	5	4	2	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	Excellent 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	I've seen Dr. B off and on for 25 years, since he first diagnosed me with asthma.  He has always been courteous, never rushed, listens to what I say, and obviously has my best interests at heart.  His staff reflects that, too.  His son, Scott, is in practice with him now and though he doesn't have the years of experience his dad does, it's obvious that he will follow in his father's footsteps as an excellent practicioner.  I very highly recommend this practice and am grateful to have found Dr. B for my lifelong asthma care.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
70	1	Wonderful Doctor.  Staff is great.  However, appts always run an hour or so behind.  	5	1	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
70	1	I am so thankful to have found Dr. Bagenstose. My initial appointment with him lasted more than 4 hours and never once did I feel like I was keeping him from something more important. He was polite, helpful and has a great sense of humor.  In the weeks following my appointment (allergy testing), I had several follow-up questions and his staff were always very accommodating.  They always called me back promptly.  I highly recommend this practice. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
71	1	Dr. Babai is very helpful to me. He knows his stuff and is very smart.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
71	-1	.  	 4/22/11	1	1	1	Insurance:Anthem
71	-1	Inappropriate social discussions regarding his own tax distate. Zealous to diagnosis upon first contact and wrong diagnosis given.  Over treatment of hospitalizable needs.  Unapproachable.  Unfriendly.  Rude mannered.  Extremely breif encounters.  Bashes God.  	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
72	1	Dr Bailony Has been a very good Doctor he has helped me through some tough times and back in 1996 I had a severe allergic reaction to some medication another dr had given me and he broght me through it and I will never forget how good he was to me and understanding and so helpful in trying to find out what was going on with me when I had gotten to the emergency room noone knew it was an reaction to the medicine I had taken, but he ran tests and more tests till he got to the root of the problem,I thank God everyday for a good man like Dr Bailony.He is also a great friend.As long as he is around my area He will be my physician 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
73	-1	Poor services and knowledge. made more damage to my teeth I had to go to other dentist to fix the damages.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Delta Dental
73	1	Wonderful doctor, highly reccommend! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
74	1	I have a carotid artery that is filling up with scare tissue from an operation. He has and will insert a stint to open it when the time is right. I fell he has done it more times than most and believe he is the best man to do it. The stinting is a new thing in the carotid artery.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
75	1	Was referred to him by my family doctor around Dec 2004.  He  performed two surgeries on me, with multiple follow-ups.  Dr. Balazs (the older one, as his son is also a Dr.- & I thought he had a wonderful bedside manner!!) was very knowledgable and pin-pointed my diagnosis and the reason behind it.  I was very skeptical the entire time seeing him though as his bedside manner is poor.  He does not have the time to sit and explain/talk to paitents, as I needed at times.  His work load was extremely high as he worked at 4 offices throughout the week and handled many, many allergy-shot paitents. His head nurse was my saving grace during my visits, as she always would follow-up with me about my questions I couldn't seem to get answered by the Dr. or when I didn't understand (& I consider myself a fairly educated person with a Bachlor's degree & working on my Master's degree).  	5	3	3	5 	Insurance:Anthem
76	1	Dealt with very unfriendly staff member via phone.  Dr. Bacon was very nice and took her time to answer any questions.  She'd be wise to refresh her staff to better reflect her positivity.  	2	4	5	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
77	1	Neat. Friendly. Speaks so you understand what he is going to be doing.  Knowledgeable in his field of Atril Fib.  Specializes in certain areas of the heart.  Makes you feel comfortable.  Wants to make sure you understand what he is telling you.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
78	0	Drs office staff is very friendly you dont wait past your appointment time,however cannot rate the Dr cause ive been to his office three times and still have never met the Dr only the nurses. It would be nice to at least meet the Dr at least once as I chose a male Dr because I prefer males over females to be my physician and yet you only see the nurse practioner going back one more time and asked specifically to see Dr Bains so we will see what happens.  	5	5	3	3 	Insurance:Anthem
78	1	Actually LISTENS - takes time to talk and offer several solutions if available.  Would highly recommend this physician.  A small town jewel! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
78	1	Very attentive and empathetic to all my concerns and problems. Would highly recommend him to all my family and friends. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
79	-1	I didn't feel like she cared about me. She seemed bored and I got the feeling she just wanted my money. The prescriptions she prescribed me were way too expensive but she didn't listen when I told her that I have bad insurance and need cheap medicine. And the office/waiting room is dirty. The nurse was very nice though.  	4	4	2	2 	Insurance:Aetna
79	1	Dr. Bachmann ROCKS! She is amazing, sooo helpful and really listens.  The last time I was there even the nurses were saying she is the best doctor they have ever worked with! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
80	-1	This dr. misdiagnosed my Mom as being a diabetic when she really had the onset of pancreatic cancer... 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	When I first started going she was always on time. Now I wait 45 minutes to an hour after my appointment time. The office has a note posted to approach them if you have been waiting 30 minutes. However, they just say she is running behind.  I think it's time for a change. 	3	2	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	I have been going to this doc forever and I LOVE HIM---without him I would not walk now.  The first time I saw him was in 1980 and here it is 2011.  I trust him with my life.  He has been my husbands doctor and my 2 kids.  In my opinion you can't get a better doctor or person.  Don't know what I'll do when he retires.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
81	1	insurance not listed. i thought he was a very nice and not knife happy, he wanted to exhaust all options before he does surgery. i also heard good thing from the patiences in the waiting room. 	3	2	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	Dr.Bagley is an awesome, very knowledgable and caring doctor. She managed my gestational diabetes and high risk pregnancy superbly. I can only recommend her. There is no one negative thing I could mention during the 9 months I visited her. Although my daughter is 9 months old now, I'm glad I found this website now where I can rave about her talents. One very happy family. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
83	-1	Had gone to him for many years. said a panic attack only lasted a few minutes, which is a lie. he couldn't remember what job i was at. (he did see me monthly). when i said i wasn't doing well, he wouldn't change any medicine. i feel he didn't take me seriously.   i had to change doctors after 10 years 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
83	1	Dr Balster is a kind caring person who tries to help.   He listens to the needs 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:AARP
83	1	. OFFICE RECPTONIST IS ABUPT AND NOT HELPFUL TO MENTAL ILL PATIENTS 	2	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
83	1	When we transfered or son to Dr. Balster from another Psycharist, he was in bad shape.  Dr. Balster helped our son become a more balanced human being. He is doing well.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
83	-1	Dr. Gary Balster had me try many diferent and strange medications which were worth more than &quot;gold&quot; in his own words.  He mocked some of the side effects that the medication gave me and mocked my fears about the, including constipation and stomach ache.  After seeing him I ended up in the Hospital because of the same stomach ache.  	3	2	1	3 	Insurance:Aetna
83	1	very laid back and easy to talk to.  No long wait times, very professional.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
83	1	I have seen Dr. Balster for years and he is caring and compassionate. Very low-key and non-judgemental of people with mental illnesses. Fun to chat with and is very effective.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
84	1	Very good doctor and a very nice man. The staff are great.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
85	0	She seemed very overwhelmed while in the room. Maybe she had to much going on. 	4	2	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	I live in a small town and wasn't happy with the dermatologist the local clinic had referred me to. I had concerns that I felt were not being addressed although that could be my fault, maybe I wasn't speaking up. Anyway, additionally he seemed just too interested in having me come for checkups at the office which charge rather steep fees for a small town. The checkup was to see if my moles needed more attention. Hey, I figure I could do that myself. I have lived with them. So I went on the net and found Dr. Bahl. I am delighted that even though her office is located quite a ways from here, I feel that I am getting my money's worth. She's very professional and I recommend her. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	I have a condition which no other doctor knew what iwas nor did they try to find out what it was. Dr Shalini Bahl not only took the time to diagnose me but she did everything to help get it under controll.There were new or student doctors in the offic at the time and she asked me if they could examine my skin because I had the textbook case of Dematomyositis, which is inflamation of the muscle tissue and the skin it can effect internal organs as well.Dr. Bahl put me on a regement of medication and routine lab tests that took me from looking like someone who had been scalded with boiling hot water to a person with a mild case of sunburn.I feel that Dr. Bahl knows he field and is someone I would recommend to anyone with a skin problem from acne to the worst rash imaginable.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
85	1	Dr. Bahl is a wonderful physician. I was extremely impressed with how caring and concerned she was with my well-being. I noticed in the previous rating that a patient was questioning whether or not Dr. Bahl was money oriented. This simply is not the case. Dr. Bahl only requested that I come back for follow up visits if they were needed. Her main concern was my health. If I ever had any questions, she was more than willing to talk to me. I was lucky enough to become a patient of such a knowledgable, friendly, dedicated physician. Without a doubt I will return to her for future visits if the need should arise.  	 2/13/06		5	5	Insurance:Anthem
85	1	Great doctor...friendly, speaks clear english well, takes time with patients. Only complaint, it seems she is money motivated....wanting patients to return for checkups often--could be wrong on that impression though, just an observation. 		5	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	passionate dedicated with good smile helpful 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
87	-1	This office started out great, and over the last few years has gone WAY downhill. It takes weeks for them to get tests ordered, when they even get them ordered, I should add! When the prescription is incorrect, it takes weeks of fighting with the office staff who just tell you that the doctor has left the office for the day; two hours before the office closes! They will tell you that you need to make an appointment to talk to the doctor about the mistake, HE MADE, on the prescription. Oh, and you will be charged again, even though it was the doctor's mistake, and even though he had just seen you two weeks before!Also, I don't believe this doctor charts, and if he does chart, he doesn't look at them, cause he doesn't seem to know anything about your condition! Get em in, get em out, forget about em, seems to be the mantra of that office.  GREEDY and UNCARING! Stay clear of this doctor and horrible staff!!!!!!!!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
87	-1	Office staff rude,ineffective. Doctor seems pleasant but disinterested - yawns constantly, spends little time (avg 5 min) regardless of your situation/illness.  Charges maximum for brief visit. Check all Rx before filling as about 90% of mine have been written incorrectly. Do not recommend this practice.  	1	4	2	2 	Insurance:Medicare
87	-1	Has the worst staff ever, rude doesnt begin to describe it. He is fake, and rude as well. He has no manners, and his demeanor is poor at best. The other doctor in the practice is gruff, and does not listen to what you are saying. You will be brushed off and ignored. You can hear what the other patients in the other rooms are saying CLEARLY.  Would not recommend to an enemy! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
87	-1	I was on my way to my appointment and was in a motorcycle crash, therefore, I missed the appointment. I was charged a 50 dollar missed appointment fee. I called the office to explain the situation but was advised that I need to call in advance when an appointment will be missed. I asked to speak to the Office manageer who never called me back. A few weeks later in an attempt to reconcile I went to the office and explained the situation again. I was told I would get a call from the Office manager. The next day the rude office person I had spoke to advised me I was being discharged from th practice due to my missed appointment. Absolutely unreasonable. ? 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
87	1	was very infomative about my diabetes.  spent a lot of time with me. made me feel very comfortable. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	I have suffered from anxiety for years.  Dr. Bailey listened to my problems and offered multiple solutions.  When the first couple medications didn't work, he stayed positive and made me believe that I would find something that works.  Dr. Bailey found a medication that makes me feel better than I have felt in years.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
87	1	I liked him. 1.asked Q's and listened to answers. 2.has a sense-of-humor,3.has a good use of his education.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
87	0	Annual Physical lacked time and attention.  Office was supposed to schedule additional procedures for selective services, stress test, etc., which were never scheduled and follow-up on times and place was never given to me.  Prescriptions were not called into pharmacy as stated and a reminder call to the Physician was needed, on several occasions.  The need to find a different Physician was obvious.  In our opinion, professionalism seemed to be lacking in this office. 	2	4	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	Dr. Bailey is great and I feel so fortunate to have found him. My husband and I both go to him and he and his staff have helped us both out. He takes his time and listens carfully to symptoms before trying to assist his patients. If you are looking for a doctor to spend some time with you that cares you should definitly go see him.  	 3/18/08	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
88	-1	all she cares about is testing, she couldn't give a crap about how I &quot;felt&quot;.  Her staff is rude.  I have been seeing her for the last 3 years and today was the last straw.  I am getting my file and going elsewhere. 	1	4	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
88	0	 	4	4	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
89	1	She is an real nice person who also as an great bedside matter.She takes are time and explains everything to me, and makes sure I understand everything.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
90	1	Dr. Baker has been our family doctor for over 10 years. He &amp; his staff are friendly &amp; professional. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	Excellent doctor that listens and spends time with you .  Staff is the best 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
91	1	Is very Professional.  I highly recommend this doctor. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	Dr. Baker is always punctual. He genuinely listens to me and acts like I am the only patient he is concerned with.  He takes the time to care! I recommend him to everyone!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
92	1	MD Baker takes the time and effort to know me and my wife (both are patients).   EXCELLENT!!!  A true PROFESSIONAL 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
93	1	Wonderful Surgeon!! He did a tramflap after my radical mastectomy. You couldn't ask for a kinder dr or one who knows what he is doing.  I don't like his partner but Dr Baibak is wonderful !!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
93	-1	I WOULD NEVER GO BACK TO FOR ANYTHING. i HAD TO GO TO ANOTHER DR.  TO FIX WHAT HE HAD DONE 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
94	1	Dr. Dale always seems to care about your problems and listens to what you have to say. 	4	5	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
95	1	Dr. Badik is young and quiet.  It takes a few visits to warm up to him but I stuck it out and now I think he's a good doctor.  He listens and spends time with you.  I now find him to be funny also.  I like that he's a hometown Perrysburg man that appears to be happily married with 2 little boys.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
95	1	Dr. Badik is young however he has proved to be a knowledgeable, reasonable doctor. He does not see you just to &quot;see you&quot; and unlike every other Dr. I have utilized, he is always prompt.  I have never waited more than 5 mins past appointment time which is outstanding.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
95	1	He's very young and that shows.  He's uncomfortable with crying women.  He will, however, work with you if he doesn't understand what is going on with you. 	3	5	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
95	-1	Very young. Laughed at me when I said that I react strongly to asthma medicine with steroids in them. Strongly disliked him.  	2	3	2	2 	Insurance:Aetna
96	-1	After an endoscopy (which I had already said NOT to do, he's had 3 and nothing showed up) dr. said my son was fine, he would do no more testing, no matter what. When I asked about the regular fevers, horrible stomach pain, diahrrea, and undigested food my son passes on a daily basis, he said &quot;We've already covered that.&quot; Meaning, I don't care and I'm not going to do anymore tests (such as colonoscopy, barium enema, camera pill, things that he actually SHOULD have done in the first place, not a test I said we'd already had done...). I could not believe it. So we drove 6 hours for nothing, these tests were useless, and my 4 yr old is in the exact same shape as before. He has grown 2 1/2 inches and gained only 6 pounds since he was 2 years old...the doctor didn't care. Literally said, this is of no consequence. SERIOUSLY&#63; Too lazy to look for the problem. Just because it doesn't jump up and hit you in the face doesn't mean it's not there. Look until you find the cause! AWFUL EXPERIENCE!!! 	4	4	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
97	1	I was very pleased with the treatment Dr. Baer provided for our child. He was very patient with our concerns and gave useful feedback.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
98	1	Dr. Bacon is thourough and caring.  He has a pleasant demeanor and actively interfaces with specialist (expediting appointments when necessary).  Have been going to him for over five years.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
98	-1	My experience with Dr. Bacon was horrible. In my case he is arrogant and un ethical. He argued with me that my 5 year old son has ADHD and put him on medicine for it. It has created lots of problems in school, stunted his growth, he is in the lowest percentile in weight thanks to this. His mother and teachers helped this along. I have finally got him off the concerta he was on. His appitite is back with full force, he is more calm, his ticks have stopped. This would of all been averted without his arrogance. This man want to medicate and get you out of his office as fast as possible.  	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
98	1	Dr Bacon is a wonderful caring pediatrican I would recommend him to anyone my grandson has always felt very comfortable with him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
98	1	Dr. Bacon has exhibited care that all other doctors should emulate. When my daughter did not recover as predicted from her T&amp;A procedure by her ENT specialist. Dr. Bacon tenaciously followed through collaborating with specialists and other pediatricians to make sure her care was comprehensive and her recovery complete. The child is foremost with Dr. Bacon and his care and competency is immediately recognizable. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
