dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	Best Doctor ever I have ever had. So glad she came to this area.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
2	1	I have been seeing D. Iafelice for over 20 years and would not want to see anyone else. His bed side manner is the best, which makes talking about anything very easy and comfortable. AND he remembers who you are along with your family.  Awesome!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
2	1	TOP notch!  I was referred to him by two other of his patients who both told me how wonderful he was. I was very nervous but he was amazing. Sooooooo nice and very knowledgeable. Explained everything and really listened! Made me totally comfortable. I see why my friends recommended him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
3	-1	Too expensive - just looking for money - bad dentist 	2	3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	Very nice staff.  Liked Dr. Iranpour very much.  I appriciated his gentleness and knowledge in dentistry. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	0	Told me he removed 1 cancerous lymph node when he removed 4.. 3 of which were cancerous.Why not tell the truth. 	1	1	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	THE BEST, HE IS A GENIUS.... VERY EDUCATED CARING, COMPASSION, 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	Very helpful and kind.  Nice service 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	. Very good doctor, very knowledgeable, and helpfull 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
6	-1	When he could not figure out my illness he accused me of being ****ed.  I luckily found a specialist that got me  diagnosis.  He almost made me believe I was crazy, until i realized he was just too ashamed to admit he couldn't figure out what was wrong.  I strongly encourage any potential/current patients to find  competent doctor to handle their lives and well beings. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
7	-1	Dr. Ivan did a bridge for me without x-raying the tooth used for the anchor. It had a decay. The bridge was poor quality, and poorly fitted. He did it three times and said I would have to live with it. Since then my tmj has gotten worse, and the whole bridge needs to be not only replaced but the tooth in front of the bridge has to be re aligned because it is pushed forward because of the fit of the bridge. Also I had beautiful crowns on the 4 front teeth, Top, and because of the mis alignment of the bridge those are now loose. I have had nothing but problems and the bridge looks like I have had it since the 60's. The teeth are large and unattractive. Dr. Ivan caused me much pain and suffering and anguish. 		3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	listens well. Answers all questions. Very kind and kind. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	Dr.Irwin is an outstanding doctor who listens to me and helps us diagnose what steps should be taken next.  He has referred me to several specialists who have been outstanding in their profession.   I would highly recommend him! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
9	1	I've been going to Dr. Irwin for about five years now.  I cannot adequately express the level of confidence I have in his care.  Always takes time to thoroughly discuss symptoms, diagnosis and treatment plans.  His referrals to various specialists have been spot on.  Have recommended him to many people.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
9	1	I've been going to Dr. Irwin for years.  He's a very compassionate caregiver.  He takes the time to listen and makes appropriate referrals when needed.  He has worked with me and my referrals to him with costs when he can.  He rates highly with me on my most important criteria - caring and knowledgeable. 	2	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	-1	Rude and inappropriate! He was trying to force medications on my mother that she did not want to take. My mother prefers only taking medications as a last resort, and Dr. Irwin did not listen to her concerns and was inappropriate and rude to her on more than one occasion. He was very unhelpful and my mother felt like he didnt care or listen to her, and she switched doctors.  	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
9	1	fantastic doctor!  Answers every question and really listens.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	Dr Irwin is an asset to his profession.  Very professional 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
9	1	Outstanding doctor. Great communication and honest. Treats all patients with respect and care. Great doctors are very hard to find and I got lucky with Dr. Irwin. He takes the time to talk openly and honestly about one's concerns - while improving the effeciency of his office. He is extremely knowledgeable and knows when best to refer a patient, to whom, and he follows up. You can't go wrong with Dr. Irwin. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	Yes dr. Itani may not have the best bed-side-manner..but he came through for me when I needed surgery.(two surgeries in fact, differnt problems)  No surgery is going to be 100% and it takes about one year to recover, and there is going to be scar tissue that will in the future cause pain.  	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:CIGNA
10	-1	I am a nurse. This man needs to have his license taken away!! He is very rude and cold. Doesnt speak hardly or explain to pt/family re:pre/post op. Parent had surgery and right after had many problems including several hosp acquire. infections he passed off as parents fault/&quot;problem&quot;. Non caring of pain ratings of 10+,very large black infection/ green puss discharge. Visited dr 2x after surg-he said all looked ok as incision turned black, second visit insisted-dr stood in doorway of office and barely looked at post op problem. Didnt use gloves during office visit while dressing wound. Said it looked ok. Two days later in hosp for major infection/another resurg/blood transfusions/unnecessary pain/probs. Long term antibiotics now and not out of danger yet.  BEWARE OF GOING TO THIS DR! 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
10	-1	Itani should have his license revoked!! Find someone competent for your healthcare needs.  He is not only rude and arrogant, he pushes his patients off onto other doctor's to fix his mess-ups.  He put my parent through an unneeded surgery to make money off of them.  And according to our second, third and fourth opinions this is his standard MO.  Wish we would have known this before my parent spent 4 months in the hospital trying to recover from the botched job Itani performed.  I hope this site helps someone else avoid a similar terrible scenario. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	I am shocked to read all the negative comments. This doctor is one of the best I have ever seen. He is not going to rub your back and pat you on the shoulder but that is not what one needs when faced with life threatening surgeries.I would highly recommend him in fact I feel blessed to have had him do my surgery. I could have been paralyzed and this doctor saved my children from having a mother that could not take care of them. I wonder what the people with negative comments are really about. How is your general health&#63; are you overweight, Lazy and just looking for someone to pass the blame on to. Very compitent doctor. I will be forever grateful for the work he does.Do people realize the delicate nature of what types of surgery he does.He was so kind to my family especially my 13 year old daughter who was so afraid of what might happen to me after surgery.I would highly recommend him to anyone in need of delicate sugery.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
10	0	Wow!   Dr. Itani will not accept that something went wrong with my lower back fusion.  Keeps saying &quot;go home and exercise&quot;.  My 6 week recovery time has is now over 4 months which included 3 weeks of P.T. after my legs went numb and I started to fall.  Now I am being told recovery time is upwards of 18 months.  I do not ask for perfection but I expect someone who is honest with me and accepts responsibility when things do not go his way.  Thank God I am walking agoin. 	2	5	2	4 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	Dr. Itani removed a mengenoma 16 years ago on my brain the size of a softball.  He got all the tumor and I have lived a normal life since. I now have two more of these tumors & went back to Dr. Itani to take them out. He is not doing brain surgery any longer & I was devasated. If you want bedside manner go some place else ..if you want to be operated on by the best doctor I know go to Dr. Itani.  All bad comments are from back surgeries - most who have back surgery are worse after the surgery than before. That is a known fact. My husband will live with pain he has because of that fact rather than add to it.  You people have done a real disservice to a good doctor on these pages! I will have treatment at the Cleveland Clinic for the tumors I now have and have found they are good but do not followup nor give good bedside manners either!  Don't hurt a doctor's reputation when you have only part of the facts ....  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	-1	I thought he was the most rude/arrogant physician I'd ever been to.  Would not allow me more than 1/2 second for a question.  Never told me I'd be in intensive care after surgery; never told me I'd be having PT afterwards.  Nurse in PT told me she worked in surgery with him and he once told a lady she looked like a &quot;beached whale&quot; and needed to get up day after surgery!  I thought he really needed a course in bedside manner!  As far as his skills, I am in less pain but neck still stiff after 3 years.  I got disability, so what does that tell you&#63; 	2	2	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	Dr. Itani is solid.  If you want a funny physician that talks too much don't go to him.  If you want someone that can diagnose a problem and give a reasonable option to try and fix it, go see him.  I did wonderful with my surgery.  I knew I wouldn't be pain free but I'm way better off.  I didn't meet with any surgeon that promised me to be pain free.  He exceeded my expectations and I am happy for that.  Thanks Dr.  Itani!! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
10	-1	rude is not even big enough to describe this monster he did a surgery on my back and put screws that were to long causing the next space to be compromised.when asking him about my situation he told me to 'shut up i had no right to ask questions'!&#63;excuse me but i do have rights as the patient. report him to the medical board! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
10	-1	Do not let this doctor do a microdiscectomy or any other operation. This doctors just plain rude and nasty . I had a failed microdiscectomy by this doctor and i have to have another surgery,(BUT NOT WITH HIM!!) I have been in pain since this doctor touched me.  PLEASE DO NOT MAKE THE SAME MISTAKE I HAVE MADE!!! 	2	1	2	2 	Insurance:Workers Comp
10	-1	Should not be permitted to practice medicine.  He crippled my mother by continually postponing her surgery.  When I beg his office to give her more pain medicine (we were told by an RN that she should be given much more)he threated to not treat her at all.  My mother laid for three months with her body twisted in pain and he would not help. Naturally her surgery was a complete failure.  By the time he operated her muscles were too weak to allow her to successfully do the post-op therapy. He should be in jail.  	1	5	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	0	He will not babysit you but is an excellent surgeon. Performed 4 level lumbar fusion in 2002 and I have been relatively pain free since with a few glitches.  Would not let anyone else touch me.  Just don't expect hand holding. 	4	2	1	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	Excellent surgeon, Dr. Itani agreed to see me on a Saturday after the local ER doctors told me I was being a baby. He diagnosed a massive rupture of my L4-L5 disc with fragments in the spinal canal and performed immediate surgery. The only promise he made me was that he'd try his best to help. This is the first time in 12 years I've gone more than 6 months without agonizing back pain. I would recommend him to anyone looking for a competent neurosurgeon. Yes, he is very clinical and somewhat lacking bedside manners, but I needed a good surgeon not another friend.  	4	5	4	5 	Insurance:Anthem
10	-1	i had surgery in 2006 like others ive been told i have failed back surgery in constant pain i have to take two types of moriphine pills every 12 hrs what a life whished i had never met itani dont have hime even look at you you will be in constant back pain if you do/ 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
10	-1	Oh my what can I say, constant pain. Now have 2 neurosurgeons who will not even offer an opinion how to treat me after work by dr. itani. Pain specialist states I have &quot;failed back surgery syndrome&quot; Surgery done to me in 2003 by dr. Itani has not been done in this country for atleast 15 years. He has NO bedside manner, yells at you to &quot;get up&quot; when you can't, tells you it doesn't hurt, does not check on you in the hospital, tells your family little to none after surgery, etc. I wish I had never heard of him. Now trying to find a doctor who will remove harrington rods and try to repair the damage to my back. I survive on morphine for the pain because you can't call it living. check lake county ohio court clerks page under public records search for him, i wish i had.  	 12/17/06		1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	0	Dr. Itani is always running late. His offices are extremely warm and uncomfortable. His manner is quite rude: he cuts off questions and dismisses concerns. He operated on the same disk TWICE in a 15 month period and I still have the exact same pain as before. My father had good luck with this doctor, but I have been burned twice and will not go back. 		2	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
10	-1	Very impatient and rude. Directs post-op patients to pain management when surgery is unsuccessful. Shouted at patient when patient said he had pain. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
10	-1	No bedside manner, little or no instruction after surgery, passes off to another if problems post-op.  		3	1	3 	Insurance:Anthem
11	1	I have going to Dr.Ilo for several years-she is caring but her bill department needs to be revamped..They have sent me to collection 2 times and the last time the bills were from 2009&2010-they never informed me at the time when I checked out that I had outstanding bills and they collected my co-pay right up front--the bills were from office visits and a shot--I am in the process of finding another dr. 	3	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	 	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	I always enjoy taking my 2 children to see Dr. Ison.  His staff is very personable and take the time to make us feel at ease.  We've seen tremendous improvement in both the straightness and overbite in my 2 boys. I highly recommend Dr. Ison and his practice.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
13	-1	Ison is not competent as an orthodonist.   Find someone else. 	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
13	-1	Extremely difficult to get an appointment for after school hours.  Had braces on for 3 years because of not being able to get after school appointments. Staff was not very helpful and Doctor Ison IS ALWAYS in a hurry.  My advice; OPEN 1-2 evenings per week and Dr. Ison spend more time with your patients! 	2	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	We thoroughly enjoyed our time with Dr. Ison and his staff.  Both of our kids have received braces there.  The payment plan was very affordable and the results are amazing!  I highly recommend Dr. Ison and his practice.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
13	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
14	1	Dr. Indyk is a wonderful and welcome blessing to the Nationwide Children's Hospital staff. Unfortunately, we too often have to deal with Nationwide due to my son with complex medical conditions. Let's just say that our experience overall at NWCH has been poor. But thank God for Dr Indyk! He has been a breath of fresh air in my sons care. He always takes time to listen to our concerns and accurately discuss them. He's very knowledgable and intelligent in his field. He's honest in admitting when something is out of his field, and accurate in referring to another specialist. His follow-up care is amazing, which is a rarity at Nationwide.  He truly cares for his patients, and it shows! 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
15	1	Dr Harry J. Issac is the best MD my wife and i ever had. He is so damn good that if we had to pay his deductible we would try! This is a physician that is so sharp and professional that his practice should be documented. This man is just beyond reproach. He is family! Even if he made a mistake and he hasnt we would still be there for him. Cleveland Clinic should be very grateful that God Almighty created this Physician! His bedside manners are impeccable. My wife and i literally love him and would do anything we could for him. What i like about him is that he listens to us even tho we might be wrong and hes the physician. He is not arrogant at all. And he is so good i think his practice is closed for new patients. What he makes salary wise it anit enough. He is worth every damn cent! And i mean it. These are the kind of physicians insurance companies should embrace.  If he was to relocate we would even consider moving too! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	1	One of the top Internal Medicine practicioners in the Cleveland Area.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
16	1	Dr. Irvin is so helpful and educates not only the parents, but also the children.  He is friendly and engaging.  My children LOVE him!  We could not be more pleased with a physician.  We came to Dr. Irvin after a less than satisfactory experience with a pediatric group.  We strongly recommend Dr.  Irvin! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
16	1	Love love love Dr. Irvin.  Have been going to him since the birth of both of my children and have found him to be very thorough and decisive.  I love that he is in a small practice (up til now it was just him) but that he really knows and understands your child's needs.  He even calls you back himself at night, weekends and holidays.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
16	1	Dr Ronald Irvin is an excellent pediatrician.  All 3 of our children have seen his since birth and he has provided excellent care.  He is the lone doctor in his practice, so sometimes there is a wait to see him if you do not have an emergency or your child is not sick.  However the fact that he works 6-days a week (he sees patients every Saturday) helps offset this.  We travel over 30 minutes from the opposite side of Cincinnati to have his see our kids.  Our oldest Daughter is ADD and our youngest son has had serious bladder issues.  Dr Irvin has been understanding and methodical thru it all.  We pass many other pediatrician offices to see Dr Irvin.  I recommend his highly.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
16	1	The doctor is very patient with moms and listen to the mom's instinct, sometimes I know my kids are sick eventhough they don't look sick , and he listens to me patiently and finds the sickness.  I strongly recommend him.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
16	1	Has taken my child from 2 to 14, through many sports injuries,illnesses etc.  Always very knowledgable and helpful. Has never steered us wrong or been impatient with parent or child.  Highly recommended! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
16	-1	Dr. Irvin told us that diarrhea would not cause dehydration in our infant who was vomiting and had diarrhea. When my wife told him that he was vomiting, had diarrhea, and his soft spot on his head was sunken he told us not to worry. My wife (who is a nurse) felt our child was really dehydrated and she brought him to Dr. Irvin he made her feel as if it was her fault although we followed his directions. We then had to take our child to the hospital where he stayed for 4-5 days. He is very defensive and communicated harshly to us when we told him we would not longer be taking our child to him. We would not recommend Dr. Irvin and would tell people to avoid him as much as possible. Don't let his demeanor and appearance fool you.  		5	1	1 	Insurance:HealthPartners
16	1	Dr. Irvin is a wonderful pediatrician. He never rushes, answers all questions, and is very prompt in responding to after hours calls.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
16	1	HE'S JUST PERFECT!!! ALWAYS AVAILABLE AND ON TIME. SPENDS A GOOD DEAL OF TIME EXPLAINING THINGS. VERY PROFESSIONAL AND KIND TO THE CHILDREN. MOM OF SOHPIA 6 AND RACHEL 10. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	. He is wonderful and very knowledgeable on all facets of raising children! Staff is wonderful and will answer any questions you have and will follow up with you if your child is sick! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
17	1	The best pathologist ever. I would recommend him to anyone wants an honest, kind and understanding physician. Wonderful doctor. Love his service. Very caring to others. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	Fair and honest Dr. and team.  Would never go anywhere else because going here means I am getting the best care possible.  They always take the extra minute to make me feel special.  The assistants make me feel more at ease and like I am apart of the &quot;team.&quot;  I can't believe anyone would have a bad word to say about them! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	Fantastic! The entire staff is warm and helpful.  Dr. Mark is a great dentist and well worth the cost. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	-1	LOUSY  DENTIST  AND  ATTITUDE NEED  LOTS  OF  CASH  TO  COME  INTO  THIS  PLACE 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	Dr. Ignarski and his staff are hands down the best in lima! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	Very caring, thorough, empathetic and knowledgeable.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
19	1	I've worked in nursing homes in & around Lima & have had extensive dealings with Dr. Ignarski. He is one of the top 3 physicians we like to work with because he is prompt in responding to our calls, very caring with his patients, respectful of nursing staff & knowledgeable in his profession. My mother-in-law went to him for several years before she moved away & claims he was the best doctor she ever went to! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	0	 		3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
20	-1	They were not very friendly 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	-1	Ok, I have to say any glowing comments must be from the Dr. Herself. Perhaps she is a wonderful Dr. for those with one foot in grave. She didn't listen to me, or my concerns but she did love the sound of her own voice. Her advice was for me to &quot;exercise&quot; which I can't do because of so much joint pain and for me to get a different job. She was interested if I had ever been depressed-   (not until after I wasted my time in her office)                                 There is reason there is nobody waiting in the waiting room of this office which looked like a vets office with outdated mismatched furniture and stains on the drop ceiling, a canister of scented airspray on the shelf. So much time wasted on this visit.  Wish I could get back my time and money. 	3	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
22	-1	I went to Dr. Iannuzzi because she is supposed to be a rheumatologist. I had suffered with unexplained severe chronic body pain for over 15 years. She acted very suspicious of my complaints and prescribed medications for psychological problems instead of physical problems. I have since found out (from a competent doctor) that I am SEVERELY vitamin D deficient. I have been taking vitamin D supplements for about a month now and getting out into the sun. I am feeling SO much better and sleeping better it is amazing!! So, I guess I am not crazy after-all and I was telling the truth about my severe pain. If you suffer from severe unexplained chronic pain, go to your family doctor and demand to have your vitamin D level checked. Do not go to Dr. Iannuzzi!! 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
22	-1	 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	A very caring physician. Highly competent and knowledgeable.  Very professional and very thorough in her evaluation. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	Dr. Iannuzzi is a very intelligent and thorough physician.  She really seems to care about her patients and takes her time to explain everything.  The staff is plesant and helpful. Would hightly recommend Dr. Iannuzzi. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
22	-1	Very scary place.  She definitely is an unstable person, who know doubt has a troubled home life. She focuses on patient's social life shortcomings, which oddly makes her feel better about herself. You are in the wrong place friend, run (not walk) out of there. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
22	-1	I think, of all the doctors I have seen over the years, Dr. Iannuzzi takes-the-cake for one of the all-time worst ever. I was there to see her for chronic pain. (She IS supposed to be a rheumatologist). I showed up on time for my appointment. There was literally NO ONE else there except for the receptionist, yet Dr. Iannuzzi kept me waiting for an hour. When she finally decided to honor me with her presense, she wreaked of cigarette smoke!!! (I mean gagging stench!!) Instead of focusing on my chronic pain symptoms, she started picking my brain and asking me about my personal life, my relationship to my husband, how little I was doing around the house (maybe the reason I'm not active is because my pain is keeping me from living a normal life!!!) anyway, she diagnoses me as depressed and prescribed medications for depression. I thought she was  supposed to be a rheumatologist not a psychiatrist! This doctor is a real loser and a slob! I threw out her prescriptions and never went back. 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	My wife and I have gone to Dr.Infield for over 20 years.  He is the best chiropractor we have used! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
24	0	Dr. Iqbal keeps his patients in the waiting area for at least 2 hours. I took my daughter for a simple school physical (EPSDT or Well Child visit). The appointment was for 10:00am and he didn't even make it to the office until well after 1:00pm. His staff was helpful, but when it came to him I was VERY disappointed. He is a Pediatric Cardiologist and the only one in this area, but I would rather travel to Roanoke or Charleston, WV. I believe he is a good man, but it seems as if he has other things on his mind besides his patients. 		2	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	I love Dr. Isabelle and his medical staff.  He and the Nurse Midwives are amazing.  My staff score is so low because of office staff.  When I first became pregnant with my 2nd baby I got a letter from the office saying this is your pre-pay amount for delivery and if you can't afford it, then contact your insurance company to find another doctor!  I NEVER got a letter with my first baby with this nasty wording.  And no longer is billing discussed at the window on the inside of the office door.  It's now discussed at the window in the waiting area with the loud and coarse receptionist.  I mail in payments every month, but despite this everytime I go in I am told for all to hear in the waiting room of my current balance and how much do I want to pay.  Last time I checked there is 40 weeks in a normal pregnancy so why all the pressure&#63;  In this economy a little compassion for people on a budget would be nice.  I love Dr. Isabelle but wouldn't recommend his office to those on a budget.  	1	3	4	4 	Insurance:Aetna
25	1	Very knowledgeable and kind doctor.  He listens politely and responds to the questions.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
25	-1	Several years ago I was in labor and bleeding from a placental abruption (my membranes had not ruptured yet) and instead of getting my child OUT, Dr. Isabelle and his cohort spent 45 minutes repeatedly pushing on my stomach &quot;trying to reach him/get him out&quot; while I cried out in fright - it is no wonder my child spent 3 days in the NICU for meconium ingestion! It was a nightmare. He said it was about a 10% abruption but the pathology report came back saying it was 50%! Oh, and he used a vaccuum extractor - during a c-section!- and it didn't work. The midwife said &quot;oh, he was trying to save your uterus&quot; - I said, was I in danger of losing my uterus&#63;&#63; She admitted, NO! And now I have raging symptoms of adenomyosis - which can be caused by such a traumatic birth -  and the only cure is a hysterectomy. Thanks a lot. P.S. The first time he met my husband he spent the time talking up OSU football! What a boor!! 	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	I have been going to Dr. Isabelle in conjunction with the Midwives at the practice for my entire pregnancy. I had a problem with early bleeding and Dr. Isabelle dropped everything and came to do a spur of the moment ultrasound. I am very overweight, but he saw no reason for me to be concerned over the pregnancy. He never once shamed me or even made a off hand comment about the weight. He explained that the ultrasound pictures would be a little fuzzier because of my weight, but other than that, he has never said anything. In fact, I've stayed within the 25 pound weight gain and he has expressed how pleased he is. I have had a pregnancy with zero complications and he and the staff have been so supportive and treated me like a &quot;normal&quot; weight person, instead of a statistic like my GP has always treated me. I wouldn't consider going anywhere else, and I am so very thankful to have found Dr.  Isabelle, Becky and Emily! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
25	1	He & his staff are EXCELLENT! I've been going to him annually for 15 yrs now & never had a bad experience.  In fact thanks to the speedy & thorough follow up to my Mammogram, we caught my breast cancer early.  Also, I appreciate his cautions over the years when I've shown a pattern of weight gain.   He's done so with tact and sincere concern! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
25	1	Dr. Isabelle was the doctor who got me through menopause. He was understanding, compassionate and willing to try new approaches. He introduced me to hormoral compounding and my problems were solved.  When I became emotional and could not hold back tears, he never interrupted until I was ready for him to comment.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
25	1	Dr. Isabelle delivered me 33 years ago.  He has since seen me thru 3 horrible losses.  He stuck with me with fertility probs, to result in my miracle - now 7 yrs old. I won't see anyone else.   3 of my five aunts also see him - on elives in Mississippi!  His staff is great, as well! 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
25	1	As you can see from the Insurance I have, I am an older patient, and I might add overweight.  Never once has Dr Isabelle made a comment about my weight except when I ask him about it.  He is a wonderful Doctor and let me tell you at my age I have seen all kind of Doctors. I am very thankful that my daughter and ex, yes ex-daughter-in-law had me contact him..  Thank you Dr Isabelle 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
25	1	Dr Isabelle was my mom's OBGYN when she was pregnant with me and my brothers, and I have been going to him since I was 16 (Am now 25) His bedside manner is wonderful - I've had some issues and he was incredibly supportive and reassursing throughout. I'm a critical care nurse, and I can say from a professional standpoint that his medical knowledge is very up to date, and he has no problem being honest and upfront with patients. He's a wonderful doctor who is looking out for your health, and I can say, also as a healthcare professional that sometimes docs have to be blunt to get their point across. I can't imagine him being rude to patients, he very obviously cares about them a lot.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
25	-1	This was the most incompetent doctor I have ever been to. He claimed that he had to do an episiotomy to proceed with a vacuum assisted delivery.  I ended up with a FOURTH degree episiotomy.  Then when he was sewing me up, he was so busy showing off his &quot;skill&quot; that he messed up the stiches and had to remove them and start over!  He also had an AWFUL bedside manner.  BTW I am FAR from overweight.  	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
25	1	I have been a patient for over 15 years. I went to him because SO many women talked about what a wonderful doctor he is. He is not only current on new changes in women's health he is a leader.Always very kind and personable. Best doctor that I have ever gone to.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
25	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Isabelle's for over 20 years.  He delivered two of my older children (now ages 19 & 21) and delivered my 17 month old as well.  He has seen me through two very difficult miscarriages and has always had my health as his number one concern.  And although he is very stern when it comes to being overweight, I know he is looking out for my best interest.   I couldn't imagine trusting my pregnancies to anyone else.  My older two daughters now go to him as well! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
25	1	I have been going to Dr. Isabelle since 1989.  He is very good and has a great staff. However, if you are even a bit overweight (and I am), he has a sharp demeaner - even 20 years ago when I was only 20 pounds overweight.  I would not be surprised if the patient who felt that he was rude is also overweight.  I went to him originally because I had problems that others told me that there was &quot;nothing wrong&quot; or there was &quot;nothing that can be done.&quot;  He quickly identify the problem and prescribed a course of action that was successful.  Other patients have had similiar successes.  He delivered both of my children.  I continue to go to him, but it takes an additional 6 months after my annual is due to go see him because I dread his lectures.  However, if I have a medical problem I would want him to be by GYN.  	5	5	3	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	I ABSOLUTELY LOVE DR ISABELLE.  He has been my doctor since I was 18 (I am now 31).  He has delivered my 2 children (emergency c-sections) and he was amazing throughout!!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
25	0	I was a patient of Dr. Isabelle 4 years ago and felt he was rude and made irrelevant and hurtful comments.  We loved the rest of the staff. 	5	5	1	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	Through my miscarriage he was wonderful with a wonderful bedside manner. And so far through my pregnancy he has been very supportive of my wishes. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	Fantastic.  Very much there to help the patient and provide comforting care. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	Dr Ibrahim is the most professional, knowledgeable, and understanding doctor i've ever known. He has the best bed-side manner there is. I am a current group home manager through a M.R.D.D company and completely know what is takes to give good care and Dr. Ibrahim absolutly has it all. Hes very  helpful and gives his best to keep you healthy. He will follow a million paths just to find the very unique plan you need to keep yourself healthy. He is always upfront and honest about what he expect from his patients and he is honest about what care he gives you as well. His staff have very caring ways as well and are always super nice.  And Everyone in that office are very puctual, helpful, and on time. I would recommend Dr Ibrahim and the staff over and over again for you could not find better. I wish there were more doctors in this world that cared about their patients as much as dr ibrahim cares about his.  LaceDavis 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	1	One of the best Doctors that I have ever had. He is so down to earth and he is there for one thing and one thing only for his patient at that time! A lot of Doctors could learn something from DR. Ibrhim.  I wish all Doctors where like this but we all know that is not true so if you are looking for a Doctor then I suggest you call DR. Ibrahim’s office.  DANIEL D. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	Dr Ibrahim is a physician who has consistently cared about me as a patient.  He takes the time to not only address and consider the current issues, it is also proactive and helpful on advice to stay healthy.  In an era when it is difficult to get 90 seconds with some doctors, Dr. Ibrahim takes the time to make sure you are moving towards wellness and health.  I definitely trust him with my healthcare. Jeff R.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Kaiser-Permanente
26	1	The below patient had a negative work up by me and a SPECIALIST. The patient was told the diagnosis. The patient did not listen. Came back one day in the office and admitted to seeing a new doctor for a second opinion. Of course I was upset. Especially when you wanted refills because your NEW doctor wasn't in the office. You can write whatever you want on this website but the truth will eventually be seen. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	-1	HE got very upset when I told him I had gotten a second opinion.  I had been seeing him for three months for the same symptoms and kept being told it was a virus and there was nothing that could be done. 	5	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	Comes across as a genuine person. Makes sure you're taken care of.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
26	1	. very understanding very caring  and listens very helpful and just a good person  staff always has a smile to give you all around a joy to see them 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
27	-1	 	3	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
28	-1	Very VERY poor follow up once the surgery was booked. Dr. Ireland did NOT explain many of the issues I would face. My surgery was done with another proceedure and the complications were ALL blamed on the other doctor. The other doctor was not the problem. I had to see another surgeon to resolve an issue he would not even address.  His nurse told me to call any time but when I did call she made sure I knew about her problems, her husband was sick, her kids were sick, she had to go to funeral. Even after listening to her problems (while I was in pain) she was of no help.  She did a half hearted job at removing stiches so some became infected. I asked the office manager if I could finish my follow up with a different doctor due to the communication issue and i was told it was against policy.If Dr. Ireland comes in with his fatherly smile and his perky nurse RUN! 	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	. Wonderful 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
30	1	I am 20 and I still go to Dr. Irons. I refuse to leave her unless she forces me too. lol. She is always willing to listen and answer any questions. I can talk to her about anything. And she always she is the most wesome doctor I've ever had. Definitely check this doctor out.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
30	1	My husband and I will not take our children anywhere else. We love Dr. Irons, she remembers our children every time she sees them without looking at the chart, no question is too stupid for her, she has never made either of us feel uncomfortable, we can ask her anything. We leave her office feeling well informed. She is an excellant doctor and very thorough.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
30	1	She's my Grand daughters Dr & was my Great Miece & Nephews Dr & We Love Her To Pieces!! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	Numerous visits, Dr. Irons cares about the kids she provides services to. She's truly someone that goes the extra mile for every one of her patients. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	He is very helpful, and the fact that he wants to get his patients in and out is a good thing.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Molina
31	0	I have mixed feelings on Dr. Imamura. One visit he's helpful, the next he's not. Quick to pass out meds you don't need. Not very friendly. Intelligent but a little flighty. 	2	2	3	2 	Insurance:Unknown
32	-1	Concerned about his ability to diagnose medical problem. wrong on numerous visits.  	3	2	2	1 	Insurance:Medicare
33	1	During my visit I felt that I was treated very well.I would absolutely recommend this doctor to my family and friends.  I felt this visit was a big help.Overall I would rate this visit : outstanding! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	Very good.  Has always taken the time to see me if I ever had emergency needs.  Is always open to new research and working with other doctors.   One of the best GIs I have had! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
34	1	positives - doctor is friendly, helpful, knowledgable      negatives - staff is very unprofessional and very unhelpful 	1	3	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	Dr. Joe is very gentle and effective.  He really listens and cares about your health! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
35	1	Dr. Joe is awesome! He has helped me with migraines and some back problems. He has a great sense of humor and he genuinely cares about his patients. He is not high pressure and doesn't attempt to &quot;sell&quot; chiropractic. His adjustments speak for themselves.  Beautiful new office! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
36	-1	she made me feel that i was a fake. she did not really listen to me. i think she needs to listen and not judge. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	. Dr Inkster was very kind to me I was from out of town and she took the time to sched all of the tests needed for the week I was at the clinic also teferred me to specialist for follow up because of my condition my first test was on my chart 2 hrs later very nice very patient 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
36	-1	Horrible.. She was scatterbrained, unhelpful, does not manage time well, and unprofessional. 	1	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
36	-1	This doctor does not return patient calls.  She does not return patient test results.  She does not give you her full attention during office visit and she take other calls during your office visit. I do not reccomend this doctor. 	5	4	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	I have been going to Dr. Inkster for years! I really like her...she is my 15th opinion. Whew!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	I found Dr. Inkster to be very knowledgable and helpful.  She seems to really care for her patients.  	5	4	4	5 	Insurance:Medicare
37	1	Clerical staff is not very friendly on the phone or in person. All nurses were friendly. Doctor was professional, but not too social which is understandable. Wait time for the doctor could be up to a 45 minutes in the exam room and did not see her too often. Most the time it was a mid-wife though she was there for the delivery. Dr. Inglis is very knowledgable and was great during my delivery.  	1	3	4	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
37	0	Only saw this doctor when I was in labor and delivery. She was unprofessional and had a poor bedside manner. After she broke my water she made a comment that she couldn't tell if my fluid was clear because the lights were too dim. When it came time to push, the baby was stuck behind my pelvic bone so the baby would come down then back up (common in labor). She told me to stop pushing and that I was wasting my time and energy and was upset when I couldn't make myself not push. An experienced nurse had me get on my side then turned me back and the baby moved down. The doctor came back in and when I asked if it was okay to push she made the comment &quot;the attention isn't off of you&quot; because I interrupted her when she was talking. Then when she was putting stitches in, I jumped because I felt a pinch (I didn't complain) she said &quot;there's no way you felt that&quot;. Not what I expect for my first time..I was quiet, didn't complain, and stayed professional even though I was in labor.  	5	5	1	4 	Insurance:Aetna
38	0	Will not want to resolve issue with only 1 office visit.  Feels like a sales pitch when with her in exam room.  Everything needs a separate office visit and you will have to push her to resolve what you came in for without scheduling a second or third visit.  Had to wait an hour past appointment time while she finished her business meeting in the conference room.  Others were also waiting.  Competent doctor but too much focus on drumming up repeat billings.  	3	1	2	4 	Insurance:Aetna
38	1	Dr Islam is arrogant.  Her time is no more valuable than my own. I also detest the fact that she'll charge you $5.00 to call and renew a script to a pharmacy.  I won't pay them, not now, not ever.  I figure she owes me money for all the years I've waited on her.  	2	1	3	4 	Insurance:Anthem
38	-1	YOU wait for hours in the waiting room and when you do get to a room it's another waiting game. The longer you go to this Dr.  the more pills you will take, depending on what kick she's on at the time! I'm done with her! ! ! ! ! 	2	1	1	2 	Insurance:HealthPartners
38	1	Dr. Islam is an excellent physician. She will spend all the time you need to discuss any issues you have and is extremely knowledgable of all medicines and illnesses and has excellent communication skills for a foreign-born physician. My only complaint, and it's a big one, is that she insults me by not APOLOGIZING for making me wait so long to see her, which is usually an hour at a minimum after I arrive. I can accept that she answers every patient's questions, which takes time. Plus, she makes visits to patients at hospitals. But it would be very respectful of her (or her staff) to simply apologize for having to wait so long to see her EVERY time after you arrive at her office. Her disrespect for making you wait is offset by her openness once you see her. I'd have to believe she wouldn't like being treated like that if she had to wait like I do. If your time is valuable, see a different physician.  	5	1	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
38	0	For 50 minutes, you'll watch soap operas or read Islamic material in the waiting room. The waiting room looks cheap and cheesy. Then, they take your pulse and blood pressure, and you'll wait another 20 minutes. BRING SOMETHING TO READ!!! Finally, she'll look at you, talk to you, and give you pills. She'll never lower herself to actually touch you. She's okay for antidepressants and free samples, less so for a general practitioner. The longer you see her, the more pills you'll take. 		1	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	While the fracture(s) were set and in good shape, we had problems with billing as well (2004-2005).  The care was great, the billing was horrible.  One billing clerk said one thing, and another said something totally different, and neither helped us understand where the mistakes were.  Two payments weren't applied (at all) and then the total amt increased (a lot) without being seen ever again.  The Dr is great, his billing staff -not so great! 	2	3	3	5 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	Im a RN who was taken to Berger Hospital with a traumatic injury several years ago from a motocross wreck while racing in need of a joint replacement. At that time, Dr Ianni had no knowledge of me or that I was a RN and I never told the staff at Berger or Dr Ianni that I was a RN. Anyhow, while an inpatient at Berger Hospital prior to surgery several of my immediate nurses commented to me that Dr Ianni is the only orthopedic surgeon who would work on them or that they had family menbers that they took to Dr Ianni because of knowledge of his work. The theme here is if the nurses who immediatly know him and they choose him, you know he is good. My joint implant has done me well - I even reguarly stress it by being a weightlifter in the gym 2 times/week.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	1	Best &quot;Bone Man&quot; in area.  Did excellent repair of shattered Ankle.  Like new!  Would highly recommend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
39	1	I have had surgery by Dr Ianni as well. He is a very sweet man with great bedside manors.He did exceptional work on me and I also had great post op care. I would recommend this doctor to anyone!! The staff treated me wonderful as well.If you are looking for a GREAT doctor/surgeon this is the man.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
39	1	I DISAGREE WITH THE ABOVE PERSON.  HE IS GREAT.  I AM SO SORRY THAT SHE HAD SUCH A BAD EXPERIENCE WITH HER INJURY.  I HAVE GONE TO DR. IANNI SEVERAL TIMES, AND I AM ALWAYS TAKEN CARE OF WITH THE UTMOST RESPECT.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
39	-1	I was taken to Adena Regional by squad in 2004 due to a dislocated and broken ankle requiring surgery which was performed the next morning by Dr. Ianni upon his Volunteering to do so.  Well, even tho I've been making payments I'm with a collection agency that has me now in debt over $3500.00 when the original bill was only little over $2000.00. I've been paying them monthly but they've not reported any payments since 2005 to the collection agency.  I find this out when attempting to buy a first house. Staff is RUDE and I wouldn't send my worst enemy to him. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
40	-1	waited 2 1/2 hrs after my schedualed appointment.  I'm done! SHe's too worried about going back to Pakastan instead of concentrating on patients ! 	3	1	1	2 	Insurance:HealthPartners
41	1	he is not too busy to sit down and explain what is going on and what he believes should happen next.  i enjoyed a non stressful visit with this dotor.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
42	1	Dr Imbody is one of those doctors that are few and far between. He has a great bedside manner and genuinely cares about his patients. He is always respectful and never rushes your appointment!! I couldn't complain about Dr I.... best Dr ever! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	I would recommend him to anyone! I moved to Montgomery County at 34 weeks. I was afraid I wouldn't find someone I liked. I am so happy I choose Dr. Imbody. He does not rush your appointment. He answers all my questions.  He has a great sense of humor :) 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
42	1	Dr. Imbody is by far the best doctor (and I have been to many for various health issues in all types of specialties) I have ever been to!  He is extremely compassionate, takes the time to listen and is very involved with his patients.  He doesn't rushy ou through and he is exceptionally friendly and genuine.   Hands down the best OB/GYN doctor around!  I highly recommend him! 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
42	-1	Do not let his charmnig bedside manners fool you. I was fooled by it too.  I transferred to a new doctor after bad outcome with my 1st pregnancy.  The nurses kept calling him in labor when my baby got in trouble.  He did not answer his beeps many times.  He finally came, but still didn't take care of me with disaterous result for me.  I will never get over this.  I hope that this will help someone out there.   do not go to this doctor if you want safe pregnancy 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
42	1	Dr. Imbody is absolutely fabulous! Best Dr. ever!!! He has such an amazingly caring manner and demeanor that is hard to find in Dr's these days! He is knowledgeable and knows how to make you feel comfortable. He really tries to get to know you too which is also hard to find these days. I wouldn't go to any other OB/GYN.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
42	1	very compassionate, understanding.  takes his time with you and addresses any concerns.   wonderful! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
42	1	Dr Imbody is fantastic. He delivered my first son in the middle of a snow storm, he still made sure he was the one to deliver me. He delt well with my sons unexpected complications. He explained everything to me from my first pre-natal visit to my post partum birth control issues. He is absolutely amazing. I would recommend him to anyone.  	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
42	1	Dr. Imbody is the best doctor ever! Hands down. Even though the wait in his office is majorly long, it was well worth the wait. I was so scared and nervous to see the gyn, but he made me feel comfortable to where I wasn't that nervous.  I've never had a doctor that actually took the time to explain things, and make sure I understood all my options throughly. Most of the time docs just have their nurses do that stuff. But dr. imbody did all the talking and educating. I would recommend Dr.  I to anyone! 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
42	1	He is a great Dr. Down to earth guy, easy to talk to, very knowledgable,trustworthy, caring and reliable.  Best Dr. ever.  	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
42	1	Dr. Imbody is a awesome doctor. He deliverd my 2nd child and when things got a little scary when my son didn't cry or start to breath, Dr. I was calm and got things under control and everything was fine.  I wouldn't recommend any other doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
42	1	Dr. Imbody is wonderful.  Wonderful bedside manner and he'll go out of his way to give you the best care.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
42	1	I am 34 weeks along and Dr. Imbody is one of the doctors in the practice that I go to. I saw him for the first time the other day. I was very impressed. He took time to sit down with me and ask what questions I had even though the appointment was just a quick check-up. He was very personable and friendly and asked about the baby, her name, what color we had painted her room, etc. He helped me fill out some paperwork I needed even though it was not his responsibility-- it was my primary OB's responsibility, but she wasn't there.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
42	1	He is wonderful--caring, knowledgeable, great with his staff as well. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	I would highly recommend Dr. Imbody. I am very comfortable with him and have a lot of trust in his abilities. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	Brent helped me through 2 high risk pregnancies and always made me feel safe and kept me knowledgable about what was happening. He has a wicked sense of humor if you get to know him and always goes the extra mile to sit and talk with you about your situation.  I can't recommend him enough! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
42	1	By far the best doctor in any field I have had expereince with. He goes beyond normal and makes you feel completely at ease. Knowledgable, compassionate, and friendly. Would recommend to anyone-I drive an hour to see him for my high risk pregnancy.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
42	1	Dr. Imbody is a great dr. who cares greatly about his patients. I recommend him to any women I know who is looking for an ob/gyn. The wait is much longer at the MVH office than at the C'ville office.  He's worth the wait! 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
42	1	Excellent Doctor - great personality. Spent the appropriate amount of time with me during my pregnancy and never made me feel rushed.  		2	4	5 	Insurance:Anthem
42	1	Dr. Imbody provided excellent care during my pregnancy. He was very supportive and helped ensure that I had a natural childbirth with as little medical intervention as possible.  		2	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
42	1	Dr. Imbody is a very caring doctor and very knowledgable in his field. I would recommend him to any woman who wants a doctor she can truly talk to. I was extremely happy with him as a doctor.  		2	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
42	1	Great doctor- great bedside manners. Very long wait at office- would benefit from utilizing a NP or PA in office to eliminate wait.  		1	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
43	1	I don't know what was wrong with the other person that reviewed Dr. Isler!  He has been my GI doc for over 6 years now.  He is treating me for Ulcerative Colitis.  I have always had a great experience with him, and his staff.  Sure, he doesn't return phone calls...that's why he has an assistant.  Noel, his assistant has always been prompt to return calls, fill or renew scripts, and get back with me after talking to Dr. Isler about my concerns.  Dr. Isler is busy, probably because he's such a good doctor.  However, I've never felt rushed during an appointment, and have always felt that Dr. Isler includes me on how to best treat my condition.  I refer all my friends and co-workers with GI problems to Dr. Isler, and they've all said the same good things about him.  If you have GI problems in the Columbus area, make a call to Dr. Isler... you won't be disappointed! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
43	-1	Rushed through like a cattle call.  Nurse said they do 50 patient procedures a day.  Doctor does not return phone calls--has nurse return call, and then it's back and forth over days to get information and questions relayed with a go-between.  He did not know some basic information that is on the Mayo Clinic website.  Referred me back to my family doc who had referred me to him.  If you don't have insurance, he won't see you if you don't pay upfront days before the appointment. 	5	5	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
44	-1	Dr. Iqbal was extremely rude when it came to helping my daughter last night when she was on call. She said to my wife... &quot;I know your daughter is in pain, BUT what am I supposed to do about it&#63;&quot; We have been patience of hers for years and she has always been rude. For this last ordeal with her... we will be looking for a new care provider for the kids.  	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
45	-1	My Copay is $25. I think Dr. Ilieva diagnosed me before she even saw me. I've been sick for 4 weeks and she would not give antibiotics. She said to get Zyrtec. I don't think she even looked at my file. She spent maybe 5 minutes with me. I even pointed out to her that I was sick for 4 weeks, not days. She changed my diagnosis from the common cold to allergies, apparently. I would not have asked for antibiotics if I thought it was the common cold, obviously I could use them after being sick for a whole month!!! I usually see a different Dr. in that practice. I will never again go to Dr. Ilieva, as my other Dr. will prescribe antibiotics and spend time with me and my symptoms.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
45	-1	I came to the office with a high fever and she made me wait for over 1 hour (and, yes, I had an appointment) before telling me that I had a virus and that she could not help me. I will never go back to her.  	1	1	2	1 	Insurance:Aetna
45	-1	She tried diagnosing me without any tests or taking a family history. I was offended by the way she worded some questions and i had a difficult time understanding her. 		4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
45	-1	very inconsiderate of patient's time...ineffective management of office and information...dismissive of patient's concerns 		1	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
46	1	I thought he was great!  He left the practice in Westerville and I'm trying to find him. MOST helpful and would take time to talk to you. REALLY liked him.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
46	-1	Not willing to admit doesn't know something.  Almost sent me home from hospital with my condition worse than when I was admitted (pneumonia/diabetes) Luckily got transferred to Cincy area hospital where Drs there said i would have been dead in 3 days had I gone home 		3	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
47	1	I went to 3 other ENT's before I chose Dr. Irene.  He took his time with me.  Explained options and wasn't pushing surgery.  I did opt for surgery to aid with my sleep apnea and saw a HUGE improvement.  I went from near 100 to less than 19 stops per hour.  I'm off my CPAP and using a dental tap to treat it successfully.  His admins were amazing in helping me with the insurance rejection, appealing and I got my surgery.  Would totally recommend Dr. Irene.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
47	-1	My comments keep getting deleted, so I will try to tone them down once again, although they've all been very truthful. Dr. Irene performed a surgery on me. I found him very difficult to deal with. When you talk to him, it's hard to get a straight answer to a question, and he sort of blows you off. I think he just wants to do surgery and be done with you. His tone and demeanor have an air of superiority and are feel demeaning. His large ego is apparent in communications with him. His personality is very flat and dead. I know surgeons aren't known for their stellar personalities, but his affected his patient care and patient/doctor communications. I wouldn't recommend going to him for any medical care. 	2	3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
47	-1	This office was totally ineffective in ordering tests in a timely manner, forwarding my medical records.  The doctor perscribed the wrong pain medication.  I would not recommend this doctor or his office to anyone.  On top of their incomitance the doctor has the bedside manner of a wort.  	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Aetna
48	-1	.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Anthem
49	1	liked everything about my experience. It is truely the Fusion or Art and Technology 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	Great dentist. I wouldn't dream of going to anyone else. I've been going to the stow dental group for years, and the service is excellent. The people are very friendly and helpful. The environment is excellent. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	very pleasent experience. Not at all like most dentist 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
50	-1	The doctor was very quick during my appointment, He would not listen to me. Just kept saying &quot; I know&quot;. Only spent 5 minutes with me and billed me $100.00. Kept me waiting in the waiting room for 45 minutes. The receptionist was rude to me when I stated I didnt have insurance. The medical assistant was very helpful and spent more time with me than anyone. 	1	2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
51	1	. very professional; flexible appointment hours 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
