dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	 Very pleasant, kind, takes time to listen and answer questions. Would definitely recommend to others. Very hard to make an appointment due to poor phone set up.  	3	4	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
1	-1	.  She prescibed me meds that I was unable to take and I called severa times and so did the praramcy never would even call me back very unhappy with the care I recieved 	2	1	1	1	Insurance:United Healthcare
1	1	 Dr. Gabbard is wonderful! Very good beside manner and really seems to care. Takes the time to listen to you and work with you to get the treatment you need. A little bit of a wait in the waiting room/exam room though.  	4	3	4	4	Insurance:CIGNA
12	-1	commentsBoth of my sons(ages 5 and 2)were scheduled for an appointment at 3:30. We showed up at 3:20. They took us back to a room right before 4:00 and I had to take my 2 yr olds clothes off for the exam so he only had on a diaper. We sat in the exam room until 4:20 when my husband went out to ask how much longer it would be and was told the doctor would be in any minute. He then read a story to my older son as slowly as possible to try and keep him occupied. Meanwhile my two year old fell asleep in my arms. My husband finished the story after 15 minutes and the doctor still wasn't in yet so we started to get my younger son dressed to leave and finally the doctor walked in. We didn't stay for the appt because by this time I had already made up my mind to follow my original doctor to the his new practice the drive is a little longer but it's worth it if you compare the wait. So if you have the time to sit for over an hour before even being seen this is the Dr. for you. 	3	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	commentsAbsolutely wonderfun, caring, and VERY understanding Pediatrician. Wouldn't see any other pediatrician outside of this practice. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
13	-1	 Dr. Gailliot violated an express agreement to respect me as a person, discounting my education, experience, and judgment.  He attempted to fob me off on a new doctor at my second appointment; then tried switching my meds by direct calls to the pharmacy without bothering to discuss the matter with ME (my body, after all).  Finally he overreacted to an anomalous test score, costing me an addition $100 in out-of-pocket expenses because he would not even bother to talk to me when I questioned whether the &quot;stat&quot; retesting was necessary.  Nevertheless I attempted to deal with him once again.  After allowing me to make an appointment and take specific time to come and talk to him, he informed me that I should find another doctor.  I agree, but he did not need to waste my time to do so.  	1	2	1	3	Insurance:United Healthcare
13	-1	commentsThis Doctor has the WORST attitude towards his patients as well as other healthcare workers. 	3	1	1	3	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	commentsI am 61 years of age and this is one of the best physicians I have ever had.  I have lived in Europe and all over the United States so I do have some knowledge of a lot of Doctors. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	 I loved Dr. Gabis and so did my husband and we are willing to travel an hour to go and see him.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
15	-1	commentsDisruptive. 	2	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	 I've been seeing Dr. Gale for more than 4 years now. Intelligent and direct, he spends no time chatting about his life like some doctors do in Cincinnati, your session with him is all focused on meeting your needs. Very helpful with whatever your patient request may be...I'd never seek another psychiatrist for treatment. New office space right off of 71 too. Staff is polite and friendly and never makes you feel like your being a pain when you need documents faxed/mailed.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
19	1	 I have been going to Dr. Gade for the last 22 years and have found him to be extremely knowledgeable and very personable. I visit him every six months and every time I walk in the door he knows my name and remembers our previous conversations. It doesn't even stop there, because his staff is the exact same way! They always keep my best interest in mind and are easy on my budget.  This is by far the best place to go if you are ever in need of a dentist! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
20	-1	comments 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	comments 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	commentsthe best doctor ever heard of and he makes his patients feel like there is always a chance for a new life and a cure for everything as long as he is taking care of you there is nothing to worry about because he has a huge heart and he is there to help no matter what it takes.  thank you so much again for everything you did and is still doing. God bless you 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
40	1	commentsDr. Gabrail is extremely knowledgeable and caring. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	 he answered all my questions and seemed to care.  he is very knowledgeable.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Humana
42	-1	 Horrible bedmanner, asked &quot;Why are you crying&#63;&quot; in a very uncompassionate manner, when in fact, a very serious condition exsisted, he did not catch.  	2	3	1	2	Insurance:United Healthcare
42	-1	 very pleasant experience-- at least as pleasant as surgery can be.  	5	1	1	1	Insurance:United Healthcare
42	1	.  did not do very well with pain control, but surgery went great and I am very happy with the results 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
42	-1	commentsDr. Gabriel recommended an open breast biopsy for a mass in my breast, only to wake me up from the anesthesia without performing the surgery because he failed to reevaluate the mass or mark the location for the surgery. The hospital then made me sign the consent for surgery with a nurse &quot;helping&quot; me hold the pen because I was so groggy. Fortunately, my husband stopped the process when I asked for him and I didn't have the surgery after all. When I told Dr. Gabriel I wanted a second opinion, he sent me a certified letter stating we mutually agreed that he would no longer be treating me. Another surgeon told me a biopsy was unnecessary from the start. 	3	1	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	 Dr. Gabriel may well have saved my life. He did my gall bladder surgery in Aug. 2005. I had been to 3 other doctors over 10 years time, was misdiagnosed-- and only got sicker and sicker. Dr. Rick Gephart (my GP) and Dr. Gabriel are my heroes! I am much better now. His staff were very helpful, absolutely wonderful-- and answered all my questions without rushing through the information. Surgery is stressful enough when you are sick and they were the best. I had surgery at 7:30 am and was back home at 12:30 a few hours later!  Thank you so much. -mt 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
42	1	commentsIT IS IN MY OPINION THAT DR GABRIEL IS HIGHLY QUALIFIED IN HIS FIELD OF MEDICINE.I HAVE SEEN HIM SEVERAL TIMES AND HAVE NO COMPLAINTS.HE AND HIS STAFF ARE POLITE AND HIS OFFICES ARE VERY CLEAN. I WILL SEE HIM ANYTIME I NEEED MEDICAL TREATMENT IN HIS FIELD OF MEDICINE. 	5	4	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
42	1	commentsExcellent Surgeon, Excellent human being. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
47	-1	commentsNever talks to patient directly.Tells staff what he want u to do even if ur sitting right next to him. Doesn't give you the option of what color feeling u want, just gives you the cheapest kind, because he charges extra the white and thinks you can't afford it.Confused about billing, charges you one thing in the office. A week later you get a bill for more money. 	4	5	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
59	-1	 I felt the doctor had no compassion with me in my situation. I felt worse when i left that when i went in.  find a different doctor! 	5	3	2	2	Insurance:Anthem
61	1	 I like Dr. Galbraith, she is not as helpful sometimes when she feels you are overweight, but since I am, I try hard not to argue.  She is very helpful in making me feel welcomed in her office.  	5	4	4	4	Insurance:Anthem
61	-1	commentsI am absolutely stunned.  I went to Dr. Galbraith after reading the prior review, and what a rude awakening I got.  Dr. argued with me from the time she walked in until I left.  Oddly enough she made me feel extremely uncomfortable and cut off each and every one of my sentences.  Her bedside manner leaves a lot to be desired.  She even told me how frustrated she was with me, not really something a patient would like to hear when they come in sick and are begging for help (after all...since I had to pay cash..isnt she working FOR ME for the time period I am there&#63;&#63;&#63;).  Upon leaving, the receptionist charged me $181.00, when I asked for a discount she said to hold on a minute, she left, came back and said:&quot;Actually it's $221.00 (who upped the price within 5 minutes&#63;), so thats what I have to charge you&quot;.  She then informed me to consider the doctors training, time, etc....I just paid the $181.00 (which I now regret) and walked out...to NEVER return. 	4	5	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	 Knowledgeable in rare and common endocrine problems (ie Cushing's, Addison's and Primary Adrenal Insufficiency). Explains in detail to the patient and family members. Willing to fit you in if things are going rough and goes far beyond in service to the care of her patients. We are glad to have met her after the dozen or so other doctors in ohio we tried.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
64	-1	commentsI had an Ectopic pregnancy, Dr.Gaiser after many Ultrasounds that showed blood in my stomach did nothing. I repeatedly called the office complaining of pain and was told to take Advil. After 2 weeks I went to the ER for a 2nd time and had to have Emergency surgery to remove blood, my ovary and fallopian tube. After following up with her she made me feel like my problem was not important. I would not recommend Dr. Gaiser I feel she mishandled my medical care. 	2	2	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	commentsDr. Gaiser is always cheerful and smiling even when I know she must be exhausted. I don't know how she does it. She is awesome. 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	 Dr. Gaiser is such a caring doctor.  She just has a genuine concern for her patients.  She always made me feel like I was the only patient she had.  I was hospitalized during my pregnancy and she came to the hospital several times a week to check on me and I just thought that was wonderful.   HIGHLY recommend her to everyone!!! 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
64	1	 Absolutely wonderful! She is one of the best doctors I have seen.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
64	1	 I LOVE Dr Gaiser! She is truly a wonderful Doctor and person. Bedside manner is outstanding, and she treated me for free when I had a miscarriage because she knew my insurance didn't cover it.  I didn't even know she was doing it till I asked! Love her :) 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:CIGNA
64	1	 Dr. Gaiser is so compassionate, and willing to really work to find the cause of your gynocologic issue. She is an angel! She collaborates with doctors of other specialties to find the root of your health issues even when they expand out of gynocology. She even sent me a letter of encouragement when I was diagnosed with a chronic pain disorder. She has made a true difference in my life.  	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
64	1	 I love her, she is very professional and makes you feel comfortable, no matter what your situation might be. I referred a family member to her and they love her as well. I could not imagine going to anyone else because to me there is not another OBGYN better than Dr. Ronda Gaiser.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
64	1	commentsDr. Geiser is wonderful!  Her nurse, not so wonderful. And unfortunately the only reason I have considered switching practices :( 	2	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	 I had a problem on a weekend had to call Dr Gaiser she call me back within mins, she is very caring and shows a deep concern, I only wish her nurse and a few of her office staff would learn from Dr Gaiser.  	3	4	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
64	1	 Been seeing her for years. Very warm and kind, as is everyone in her office. I have recommended her to all of my female friends.  I almost look forward to my annual! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
64	1	commentsShe is absolutely amazing.  She is a very reasonable and practical doctor when it comes to pregnancy decisions.  I felt very comfortable discussing difficult topics with her.  Her knowledge and bedside manner is outstanding.  She is a sweet, caring, and down to earth physician who takes the time to hear and respond to all your questions and concerns.  I picked this doctor after reading this website and now I could not imagine another doctor delivering my baby.  I would highly recommend this doctor. 	3	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	 Agree w/others. She's the best. She completely makes you forget you're getting a pap smear! She knows how to handle sensitive subjects with compassion. My only wish is that she was a GP because I would go to her for everything.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
64	1	 Simply, what a doctor should be.  Knowledgable, kind and caring.  Dr. Gaiser cares about the whole patient, her nursing staff very effective.  	5	3	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
64	1	 She's a great doctor. I would recomend her to anyone.  	5	3	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
64	1	 Great Doctor, she knew exaclty how to deal with my miscaraige, which is a hard thing for any Doctor to deal with. Very caring and cant wait to have her deliver my babies!Highly recomended. She works with an all women staff and they are all good too.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
64	1	commentsShe is a Godsend. I have never experienced a more pleasant, down to earth, smart and gifted dr such as herself. Amazing. I recommend her at all times. 		4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
64	1	commentsShe is delightful, caring, and compassionate. She has wonderful bedside manners. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
81	-1	commentsThis Doctor is propally the worst doc. I have ever been to she is rude and does not help you at all and when I saw her I was still a minor and she was rude to me called me a liar,did not care about my meds I would not recomend anyone to go to her ever. 	4	2	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
81	-1	comments Paid/Co-pay:$15	2	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
81	-1	commentsAll I can say is she's a horrible doctor in my opinion...and others also. She's rude, she doesn't even ask me about if i'm having side effects from the meds after I told her I was having problems. She didn't even adjust my medications. She isn't very compassionate either, she actually told one girl that she shouldn't cry. I can't stand this doctor, and I'm glad I'm out of the hospital so that I don't have to see her again. 	1	3	1	2	Insurance:Unknown
86	-1	 The staff was very unprofessional and rude. The receptionist was eating a sandwich while sitting @ the front desk. We waited 20-30 minutes for Dr.Veena Gaddam to come in. Dr.Veena Gaddam was very short, brass and rude. My mother(83)was attempting to ask Dr. Venna Gaddam a question and she immediately cut her off. As we were trying to give her some of my mothers medical history she was in such a rush and noticably not interested. All she seemed interested in was, if we were looking for a new doctor. Within 5 minutes we knew that we would never return to this physician again. This was the worst experience I think I have ever had with a physician. I have told many people about the horrible experience we encountered with Dr.Veena Gaddam.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Humana
86	-1	commentsShe is VERY hard to understand!!!! Her English is horrible. 	4	1	1	3	Insurance:Unknown
86	-1	comments 	3	2	2	1	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	commentsVery good doctor with friendly and helpful staff.  Office is very welcoming and comfortable.  Able to get in without much of a wait, especially if you're having a problem/symptom of some sort. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	commentscaring, goes above and beyond his responsibility, is an excellent physician 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
91	1	 Dr. Gadmack and her nurses are very considerate and helpful however the receptionist lacks social skills with her abrupt and belittling personality.  	2	3	4	4	Insurance:CIGNA
92	1	commentsDr.  Gainan helped me with my tendonitis in both my elbow and my foot. I hwd many visits to my foot Dr. who only helped me a little. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
98	1	 Great Doctor and kind. He will get what you need in meds as well. Not what you do not and can harm you.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Anthem
98	1	commentsHe is a very good man 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
