dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	-1	My Mother Was told by Doctor that She was going to Die. He did not ease into it or nothing. He is and has always been a cold blooded person towards Patients. I myself have gone to his PA because HE is great with ME and is very caring. I decided just to forget it all, because Dr. Vyas will get most of the Money anyway for doing absolutely nothing.  	5	5	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
1	-1	Absolutely neglectful!!!  Two years ago, I was having numbness and complete LACK of sensation in my legs and he called me a drug seeker!  After months he finally referred me out and I needed emergency spinal surgery by that point!  He has had 4 faxes and 6 phone calls about my blood pressure medication right now and he's taken 10 days and STILL not filled!  I could literally stroke out without it.  He has taken THIS life into his hands for the last time.  I am filing complains with every online board and medcial organization I can find!  He has done similiar things to my father as well.  WORTHLESS as a physician!  His PA knows a LOT more than he does! 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	I love this doctor and her office staff! They are amazing!!! I recommend her to everyone I know! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	-1	.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
2	1	Love this office! I don't have issues with migraines anymore and I feel like I have my life back! My kids love her and have never been more focused in school. I definitely recommend Dr. Van Wyhe. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	1	Absolutely love her and her staff.  Just walking into the office made me feel better.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
3	1	He is such a pleasure to meet and so empathetic 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	My guess is he is either in a hurry or just doesn't like talking to his patience. I felt like I was given no explanation and rushed through. I had pain afterward but was only asked under anesthesia if it hurt. I left thinking things were okay but days later I had pain. I felt like was kept out of the loop. I had minimal discussion about the procedure. He really seems nice but nice doesn't prolong my teeth or happiness. I guess Norman is a small town. I may look elsewhere. 	4	4	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	Dr. Venk and his staff have taken care of my sons for almost 10 years now.  The care is gentle, the services are priced well,  and my favorite thing - they care about people.  They always talk about the treatment or need before they start on the money.  The office is funcational,  best equipment and latest practices, but the patients are not paying for fancy waiting rooms with high prices.  Dr. Venk reminds me of old fashioned doctors - the kind that went into the field to help people, not get rich.  My family and I LOVE Dr. Venk and his staff.   They are top of the line! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
4	1	I have seen Dr. Venk since I was a little girl, and it should speak volumes of him that I now take my children.  I have been able to go to him on numerous occassions to keep an account with him instead of getting credit.  Not only is he wonderful, but his staff is just the same!  I know that at times he may seem a bit brisk, and since I've used him as my dentist for 20 years now, it is just his personality.  I would really say more quite than brisk.  The things that he has done for me are braces twice, permanent and temporary retainers, root canal and crown, removal of my wisdom teeth, baby teeth, and a few permanent teeth--all of these were done without incident. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	1	Dr. Venk did my root canal in December 2008.  I was very nervous about this procedure, i felt very comfortable with him and his staff from the very start. The procedure took no time at all and he was very good about telling me exactly what he was doing and why...and i cannot explain how wonderful his staff is!! So friendly! He also seems like a very down to earth fun guy! And I am a person who HATES the dentist, now i cant wait to go back and finish up my dental work!! Thanks Dr.  Venk and staff!!! A+ 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
4	-1	Dr. Venk extracted 3 lower front teeth-made 4 impressions - made 3 temporary bridges..none of which would fit. He convinced me I needed LANAP treatment (laser)which he performed for over 2 hours on my lower jaw and then immediately began Deep Scaling. I've learned that LANAP is NEVER performed on a single arch in a single treatment. It is supposed to take 1 min. per tooth - not 2 hrs. Deep probing is not to be done for 6 months after laser treatment. When the 3rd bridge would not fit, I was told to wash my face before I went to the appointment desk to come back in the morning for a 4th try at a temporary bridge. My face was covered with blood splotches from his aggressive treatment. A bone splinter is now working it's way through my gum where he cut off the blood supply to the bone and it died - a gold crown has come off due to the treatment. The 4th bridge would not fit also! I am now undergoing damage control from a 2nd dentist. 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
5	-1	1st, Dr. Vantuyl is not currently a fulltime dentist.  He works part-time 2 days a week in another dentist's office.  2nd, I once made an appointment to see him.  When I arrived the waiting room was full.  It appeared there was a several hour wait just to be3 seen.  I wasn't told this when I made the appointment.  3rd, he would sometimes made derogatory comments about the condition of my teeth.  4th.  I was once in his waiting room and saw a lady crying loudly for some time in the most astonishing pain I have ever witnessed, waiting to be seen.  I looked in the practice area and saw that all the chairs were empty.  Nobody in the office seemed to care about this lady's urgent plight.  Judge for yourself if you want this man to be your dentist. 	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	had good experiance, staff was great, was seen on time. My contacts work well and are comfortable.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
7	1	I have used Doctor Viera for years.  She is highly competent.  Extremely easy to talk to and very understanding.  Her practice has grown quite a bit and yes you may have to wait for a while but, it is worth it.  She is the only doctor in her practice so she can get very busy at times.  She is very level headed.  There is one older woman on her office staff that seem put out with you when she is attending to you but, she is not practicing medicine, just taking your copay.  I would not let her stop me from getting good care.  	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	She is no nonsense, and gets to the point quickly. Real nice. I have reccommend her to co-workers and they love her too.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
7	-1	Actually i like Dr. Viera but her staff is awful.  They seem very disorganized and non friendly.  THey run around the office wondering who did what, very unpleasant experience with Dr. viera's staff. I WOULD not recommend due to the staff of DR. Viera's.  Please Dr. Viera change your staff or most of them anyway.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
7	1	This has to be the MOST unorganized doctor's office I have EVER, EVER encountered.  Husband called to reschedule his appointment, was given a 2:20 appointment and he told them he could not make it because he had to pick our son up from school.  They said, okay, can you be here at 4:10&#63;  he shows up at the 4:10 appointment and they WOULD NOT SEE HIM because they said, &quot;Uh, your appointment was at 2:20 today.&quot;  This is not the first time they botched an appointment time.  Also, the nurse called to give my husband information on his lab work and an ultrasound which she told him he had a biliary blockage.  When we went back to see Dr. Viera, she got the report and it said nothing of the sort.  If you enjoy long, long, long wait times PAST your appointment time, rude staff and no one ever knows what the other is doing, then by all means go to this doctor.  But, we are going elsewhere as this is not worth the aggrivation. 	1	1	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	First and foremost Dr. Viera is one HELL of a Dr. She has been my doctor for years and she is completely worth whatever wait that may occur. She is extremely intellegent and efficiant. The office staff is very friendly and caring as well as Dr. Viera. If you have complaints against her then its obviouse that you are either to sensative or nothing will ever please you. So, those of you who have these complaints.............get over yourself.  Besides that.....DR. Viera is the ONLY family practice doctor that had agreed to accept Soonercare (state issued insurance for the less fortunate) in Norman. What kind of doctor who was uncaring,unefficiant, and selfish would take soonercare&#63; They barely pay for anything as it is. So be thankful for Dr. Viera! She is simply the best. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	-1	I waited two and a half hours to be seen which i wouldn't have minded becuase doctors have emergencys. She was very very rude and uncareing. She complained about being sent patients and that she has too many. I am 37 weeks pregnant with a rare condition that is deadly and had to have a referal.  She said that 48 hours in advance was not enough time for a referal and there are  quote &quot;hundreds of other patients whos condition is worse and more important than mine&quot; 	4	1	1	2 	Insurance:Medicare
7	0	Had an appointment with her.  Called the day in advance and spoke to someone named Jennifer about my new insurance. After explaining to her that my insurance wanted them to bill them first and then insurance would bill me for the copay, was told taht would be fine.  Showed up for appointment and was turned away for not paying my copay.  AFTER waiting for them to open 15 minutes after they said they would be open for lunch, sitting for 30 more minutes and then being asked for my insurance card.  Her daughter, Salonge, is rude to other staff when they were trying to help her, also short with other patients.  Very poorly run office. However, Barbara, who is one of the office staff, is the most sweetest woman ever.  I will not be going back.  Have sought out another doctor.  Also, Dr. Viera misdiagnosed a rash my wife had, told her it was fungal infection, when in fact it was eczema.  Think twice before seeing this doc. 	1	1	3	2 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	I have been seeing Dr. Viera since April 2008. I love her!! She is very friendly &amp; through. Sometimes I do have to wait a while past my appt time to be seen, but she is very busy &amp; takes her time with patients, instead of rushing appts. There is also a sign in her office that notifies patients that they might be seen on time. Overall she is a very good Dr. &amp; I will contine to use her services.  	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	-1	She was very rude, I felt rushed.  When I tried to explain my problem, she was not understanding at all.  	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
7	1	LOVED the staff! They made my daughter and I feel right at home! The doctor was pretty good so far. 1st impression was 70/30, she was very knowledgable and helpful but slightly on the awkward&#63; side but that may have been the 1st impression thing. She was willing to listen to our concerns and address them skillfully. We will be going back. Long wait was warned to us, 1-2 hrs we were told, we were in and out in about an hour.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
7	-1	staff was nice and helpful. Dr. Viera very overwhelmed, she doesnt need to take any more patients.  She sometimes is rude and somewhat uncaring.  i wasnt impressed, maybe she had a bad day that day, but still whould hold some professionalism.  Going to find another family doctor.   :( 	3	1	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	Dr. Viera has been my PCP since 2005, up to the point she changed her location. Today I re-established my care with her. Her wait time is horrible. Two and half hours, and two people that came in an hour after my appointment went in before me. I love Dr. Viera to death. She is a great Dr., she does care and is compassionate, very thorough and competent. Hoping the wait time improves,can not  spend a half a day in her office. It is a tough trade off, horrible wait time for awesome healthcare. healthcare.  	4	1	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	-1	Friendly staff but Dr.Viera was very rude, became defensive when the hour long wait time was brought up, and then walked out of the appointment that I had scheduled two weeks in advanced. Her behavior was unprofessional and demeaning.  	4	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
7	1	Dr. Viera has proven over several years to be extremely knowledgeable and thorough.  She is compassionate and down to earth and easy to relate to.  She has a heart for those who struggle to access healthcare, and specifically seeks to work with this population.  Knowing what a challenge access to healthcare is for so many these days, I admire her for this and highly recommend her.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	My husband has been going to Dr. Viera for a while now and I decided to move my care to her and I am so glad I did.  She actually takes the time to listen and will do tests to find out what is going on. We have never felt rushed when being seen by her.  I would highly recommend her.   She is awesome! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
7	1	My husband and I have been searching for a caring and compassionate doctor who would listen to us. Well after much search we found HER!! My husband is anxious about doctors and hates going, but we were immediately put at ease with the friendliness and helpfulness Dr. Viera and her staff.  She has ordered some tests for my husband and he will follow up for those.  I am going to be changing my care as well as our son to her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
7	1	I really like Dr Viera, I had concerns with a kinda common condition, she had a battery of tests done, and fortunately found nothing wrong. I can get in and out fairly fast and can be seen on short notice.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unicare
7	1	Dr. Viera and staff were punctual and listened intently to my symptoms.  Short visit, correct treatment, satisfied.  	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	-1	Horrible doctor!  Uncaring, no follow through, not trustworthy, doesn't seem to know much about practicing medicine, doesn't smile, etc...  Doesn't explain what tests she has done.  She is patronizing.  She lies.  Doesn't take patients seriously.  Orders erroneous tests, and even prescribed a drug to me that hasn't been made in years (according to the Walgreen's pharmacist).  Uncaring and unhelpful.  If you care about your health, then please find a different doctor. 	 2/4/08	2	3	1	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	The staff at Dr Vu's (shared) office was very friendly and welcoming.  Both nurses that we dealt with were equally friendly and helpful and made both me and my wife feel very comfortable.  Dr Vu himself was very nice, knowledgeable, and willing to answer any and all questions.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
8	1	Dr. Vu is the best kept secret in Oklahoma.  Very kind, compassionate and knowledgeable.  He is one of the best diagnosticians that I have ever seen.  He asks questions and listens to your problems.  He is conservative, but will not give up until he figures out what is going on.  I have been his patient for 6 years and travelled thousands of miles to see him when I lived out of state.  I would highly recommend this Dr. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	Amazing doctor!! She has been my PCP since I was 13 and I am now 24. She has had the same MA since the day I started seeing her.  I live in Tulsa now and still drive to Edmond to see her, because she is that good! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	Very good doctor.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	1	Just came across this site today and looked to see if Dr. Volkman was listed. Yep! :-) I started seeing Dr. Volkman when I was pregnant with my daughter. I was on the Oregon Health Plan at that time, and worried about the quality of healthcare I would receive from a 'welfare' doctor. Fortunately, he turned out to be a fantastic doctor. He is very knowledgeable, and one of those rare doctors that really takes time to listen to their patients. I stayed with Dr. Volkman as a patient after I was off the OHP, and continued to receive exceptional until he left the area. 	 7/20/11	5	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	Dr. Volkmann left his practice about 2006 and I have missed him dearly. He saved my life by treating my chronic pain as real. He would be late on his appointments only because he didn't quit listening to his patients until he was confident they were done talking. He never billed the insurance company or me for the extended visits. I can't find a Dr. that comes close in comparison. He is human and was NEVER judgemental.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Providence
10	1	Dr. Volkmann was my doctor for 18 years. He delivered 2 of my children. I was sad when he retired. He was awesome.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:OHIP
10	1	This doctor is most caring and looks into the possible cause of the illness. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	He has been very helpful to Me, I can't find another Dr. like him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
10	1	He is a very nice man who is and has been very helpful to me.  		4	5	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
10	-1	This doctor treats his patients poorly and has substandard office help. He is very judgemental to the point of emotional abuse. 		3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	Dr. Voskuhl has been more compassionate than other of my other previous doctors.  He is warm and caring.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
11	1	Cares more about his patients than any other doctor I have seen.  Extremely knowledgable 	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	Dr. Valuck is very knowlegable and seems to have a lot of experience in his field. He has a good bedside manner and I highly recomment him. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	Dr. Valuck rocks! He is sympathetic where as other doctors I have seen treat me like some drug addict just trying to score.  I am a carpet cleaner and have had several back injuries and without my medication my job would be unbearable and thats how I pay my bills and put food on the table for my kids. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	Dr Valuck &amp; his PA, Mike, are VERY nice but theres a horrible woman @ the front desk that I suspect has a personality disorder. Shes worse than any miserable ***** Ive ever encountered in a med office and the med industry is rife with unpleasant people. Her name is Tammy &amp; she will loudly &amp; unapologetically violate pt. privacy, verbally abuse, embarrass, sit back, hands behind her head &amp; mock, upset &amp; harass pts presumably because she knows she wont be fired since her boss is the same way &amp; neither work for the dr. She will talk loudly about U intentionally so U will hear in UR closed room down the hall. She will threaten to dismiss U from the clinic if U confront her about her behavior. Its a tactic I believe she uses to force N2 submission the pts that depend on the few pain mgmt clinics the city has. Mike &amp; Dr Valuck, who are independent from the clinic, are apologetic &amp; seemed embarrassed by her and the entire clinic, which made me wonder why they would stay there. 	1	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
14	-1	Thought he was a good doctor, think he wants to be a good doctor, but to do that, he would have to listen and know his patients.  Was a patient for nearly 5 years, and he still got my medications wrong when telling me what to do, and the final straw was doing a heart cath, I've had open heart surgery, have arrythimia, and a rapid heartbeat, pulmonary hypertension.  After the cath, he told me to take my blood thinners again, I don't take them, have never taken them.  He told me that was good, I didn't need them.  Then told me my problem might be my bad back and having trouble sleeping. I have no trouble sleeping, never have had, and know the difference between my bad back, which he didn't even know I had until I was on the table, and passing out, turning pale and having no energy.  If you don't know what the trouble is, say so.  Don't make things up.  I was born with a bad heart, it's not my first rodeo.  Problem isn't in my back, or lack of sleep. 	3	3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	Outstanding 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	-1	Did not do what he said he would do.  Spiteful, moody not a good guy.  The surgery was a failure.  He and his surgical center made money though.  I will never go back.  	3	3	1	2 	Insurance:Assurant
16	1	Dr Vogel is an excellant Dr. He did surgery on both of my husband's hands and has not had trouble with them since. He is doing surgery on my thumb and I have all the confidence that he will do a great job. I would reccomend him highly.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
16	0	Dr. was OK, most expensive 5 min. of my life. Staff was the worst. Not sure if i will return.  	1	2	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	One of the best experiences I've had with a physician.  Very patient and knowledgable, truthful and gives you confidence in his education and experience.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	Performed surgery on daughter's writst. Was very knowledgeable and helpful.  Very approachable and didn't appear to be rushed.  Friendly and unreserved. 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	Dr. Vogel is the best doctor ever.  He fixed my squashed toe when I was 6 years old and now it is like new.  I squished my toe &quot;after hours&quot; and with no appointment. Dr. Vogel got me right in.  He is my favorite doctor ever - R (age7) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	Dr. Vogel is one of the best Ortho Surgeons I have ever had. He is Honest and straight forward and is very compassionate about what he does. I would recommend him to anyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
16	1	Dr. Vogel is a wonderful doctor.  Very warm and caring.  Very straightforward and a great surgeon. 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	. Great at explaining everything and answering questions 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	1	He is the best and I wish he was a family practice doctor. My child and I both had surgery and he was so great. He listens to everything you say, answers any questions,and has perfect bedside manner. You will feel like you've known him your whole life.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
19	1	Dr. Mike is a great guy. Very patient, thorough, explains exactly what he's doing. Answers questions. I went to him for a problem with my hip. He prescribed a 3x/week regimen for 3 weeks, with exercises to do daily at home too. And sure enough, after doing all that for 3 weeks, I felt perfect. He was right-on with his solution to my problem. I recommend him highly to all my friends and anyone looking for a good chiropractor. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	Dr. Vascellaro has been our family physician for nearly 2 years. We are very pleased with him and his staff. While we have waited for extended periods, that seems to have improved (no waits the last 4-5 times we had appointments) in the last 6 months. The wait is often because he takes the time to listen to you and work through what is going on. He always follows up personnally after you have been given a treatment plan (even if it was for a cold). I would recommend him to any and everyone.  Owens Family 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
20	-1	If you are the Dr. Vascellero that worked on SW 89th street February 2006 my son came to see you and you told him  he had herpes. He actually had a rare form of Leukemia that was found a few weeks later. You didn't even touch him because he was your last patient of the day and it was a Friday and he had just gotten off work. He had a knot in his mouth and that is all you looked at. He died in October of 2006. I wouldn't recommend anyone to go to you IF you are the doctor who we brought him to. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
21	-1	Dr Vaughn was rude and not helpful.  I only got 15 minutes with him and when I said I had another question, he said OK, but I do have other patients waiting.  He has the bedside manner of a badger.  Not helpful at all.  I will never return and I've already scheduled an appt with another dermatologist.  	2	3	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	0	Not sure why this man is a doctor.  He doesn't like people and really doesn't like sick people. 	5	5	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	Dr. Vaughn has always gone out of his way to see me anytime that I have had a problem. He is a very friendly and puts his patients needs first.  I have recommended him to many of my friends and will continue to do so!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
21	-1	. was overcharged when asked about it i was told to wait and see what my ins paid was charged my dedutctable plus office copay should have been only copay makes me wonder about their billing 	1	3	2	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
21	-1	Paid way too much money for nothing. Rude and ignorant.  If he doesn't know what to do he becomes condesending so that you will chose not to return.  That way it is not his fault. 	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
21	-1	When he couldn't help with our problem, he became extremely rude.  Perhaps his ego is unable to accept defeat. 	5	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	Doug has been my dermatologist for 17 yrs. He and his staff are always courteous and professional. He is quick and thourough. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	-1	Horrible experience.  Wouldn't recommend him to anyone; would caution anyone who values his/her health and self-esteem to stay far, far away from this individual.  Can't imagine why this person is a doctor; he seems to be irritated by sick people. 	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	Dr. Vaughn is a great doctor!! He has removed several moles from my face and i would highly recommend him. I also know many other people who used him and they were pleased as well.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
21	1	Dr. Vaughn was thorough and friendly, putting me at ease and carefully evaluating my concerns and condition. I've undergone four minor surgeries at his office and found the experience all but relaxing. The staff are courteous and efficient. I recommend him without reservation.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
21	-1	Dr. Vaughn was very condescending and rude to me. Told me my problem was caused by hair products. Didn't do any culture or biopsy to see if there was a fungal or bacterial infection. It was bacterial. I wouldn't recommend him for my worst enemy, 		4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
22	0	more concerned with what helps him such as recommending generic medicines that one might find untolerable to satisfy insurance company's and his pockets than the health and rights of patient due through the individual's insurance policy. Personality is very agressive and aggravating.  	3	4	2	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	-1	Dr. Villazon is very nice,  but I went to him several times and he didn't remember me or my issues from one time to the next. I had to go over my history every time I went in to see him and he was inconsistent about his plan of treatment. I do not recommend this neurologist. 	3	3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	Between his staff and the doctors staff who referred me, they had their A game. His staff is completely amazing and his nurse is so polite and informative. Dr. Villazon is a great doctor and helped me tramendously. I would highly recommend him to anybody.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
23	1	I don't care what anyone says about him he is a great doctor and he knows his stuff.  He is great and caring.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
23	1	Dr. Villazon has always been helpful and taken the time to explain to me what is going on with my body. Sometimes that is not easy. If I have questions he answers them and explains things in a way that I understand. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	-1	This is not a neurologist. This is a man of low character 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	Dr Vassileva listens and addresses all my concerns.  Very friendly staff! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Coventry
24	0	Rather stubborn. I had to litterally argue with her about me not wanting to do treatment she thought of as good (Sleepapnea, couldn't sleep with mask). An office visit to insurance as &quot;Wellness&quot;, caused me to have to pay $250 for Colonoscopy.  Be careful when visiting her.  She might be pretty good as a doctor, but she tries to fleece you  or your insurance every where she can (e.g.  forcing you to re-visit her by withholding refill of medication my wife has been taking daily for over 30 years with the reason she needs to assure no side-effects and no abuse occurs!!) 	3	1	2	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	0	Isnt very helpful. always seems like she is in a hurry.  	2	2	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	1	Very caring and interested in your health.  Very thorough.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	1	Such a pleasure to have a doctor that listens to your complaints.  Nothing but a great experience for me! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	I've seen her now 2 times &amp; she's great but each time have waited more than 1 1/2 hrs to be seen.  	3	1	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	She is a good doctor but if you dont agree with her or her staff even if she sends you to someone and you get into it with them that's it she will not be your doctor anymore no wonder why she is always accepting new patients and in the beginning she even prayed with us. If she is a christian why does she act this way.She even had charges that was wrong on my bill like she said i got a flu shot when it wasn't even a flu shot unless she messed up.  	2	2	3	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	She has referred me to the right specialists for my daughters allergies and follows up with that, she is also monitoring a cyst I have on my ovary, I feel very well informed about my health. 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	-1	NEVER go here!! ive only been twice and now i've HAD it with them and i am NEVER returning! the first time i went in for a meningitis shot as a college requirement. my insurance covered it but dr vineyard is trying to charge me for 196 dollar physical that i NEVER received. I've been playing phone tag calling multiple people because no one seems to know what to do. its been weeks of trying to get this taken care of. i just got a bill for my second visit saying I never paid my copay, yet I have the charge in my bank statement saying that I did. I see this being another phone call after phone call ordeal to try and get this straightened out. ALSO, both times I went I waited over an hour in the waiting room AND 45 minutes in the dr office!! near 2 hours for a 5 minute appointment! Im most mad though that they are claiming i owe 211 dollars  for things i either NEVER recieved or ALREADY paid! I feel they are trying to take advantage of naive college students.  NEVER go here! 	3	1	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	I have been going to her for many years and she is the best doctor that I have ever seen.  She listens, doesn't rush you, explains things, is concerned about how you are feeling and doesn't belittle you for any of your health problems.  She has always treated me with dignity and has always been extremely helpful and has gone above and beyond.   Anytime that I have had to contact her after hours, she has ALWAYS returned the page, she is fantastic! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
25	1	Dr Vineyard is the best personal physician I have ever had the pleasure of seeing. She is knowledgeable, professional and treats you regardless of how booked her day is.  She goes out of her way to make sure your care is exactly what you need.  I highly recommend Dr Vineyard if you desire a personal physician who sees you as a person before you're her patient.  	 4/12/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
25	1	She gives her patient undivided attention, never with a sense of her being rushed. Any time she was late, I understood that it was because someone prior had needed more of that undivided attention. She is thorough, caring, and thoroughly competent.  Both my mother, with many complex, chronic issues, and I (not so complex) went to her.  I only left because I moved away.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
25	1	. WOW - a doctor that actually sits and listens to you and then talks options with you!!  She is thorough and wonderful!! 	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:Pacificare
25	1	Switched because we changed to Community Care.  She is very thorough. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	I love her. She is very kind and caring-definately needed in a doctor. She works very hard to make you well. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	She has been our family DR for several years.  She treats my oldest child, my husband and myself.  She is great with all of us and takes the time we need to understand the treatments.  She goes out of her way to make sure we are doing what we want on the range of options - not just what the Dr decides.  She is great for helping with not dieting but life style changes for long term weight reduction. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	1	Oh....she is wonderful very thoughtful and nice to you..and she answers your questions..and she is patient when you are asking the questions.....also she does not think meds are the first choice to treating an illness...she will try other avenues 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	The best dr I have ever known. I wouldn't choose any other dr. He is down to earth. And really cares about his patients. His staff is awesome. Once you get to know them, they are like part of your family. On a scale of 1 to 10 I give them a 100. His PA's are awesome too.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
27	-1	On your initial visit you will get to see Dr. Voss on all subsequential visits you will see her PA who claims that she knows more than Dr. Voss does.  You only get to see Dr. Voss 1 time a year and if you ask to see her again during the year you still won't get to see her and later in the mail you will receive a certified letter from her stating that due to a conflict with her staff (being the PA) she will no longer treat and you need to find another doctor. 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	I didn't have to wait that long. Dr. Virk was great, talked to me in plain language that I understood and was efficient and personable. Excellent care.  	 12/21/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	1	excellent care. I liked him a lot. very caring. explained everything. no unnecessary testing. professional staff.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
29	-1	Long waits in waiting room. Staff is inconsiderate to others. Know as a drug doc. I would not want him as my Doctor if you want someone that cares for his patients. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	I was a new pt of Dr Veal. He seemed nice and knowledgeable enough although I would have appreciated a hand shake, after all we were just meeting for the first time and people are his business but that is just a personal preference of mine. His front staff was efficient with my paper work but could have put on a smile while his back staff was very friendly!  He has a new office that is gorgeous! I did not have to wait long to be seen, I would go see him again.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Humana
29	1	Very helpfull, seemed knowledeable, showed concern, maybe a little pushed for time, but still work able.....  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
29	1	Dr. Veal is a wonderfully nice man. He truly cares and gives you the time you need. He is very knowledgeable. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
30	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	I had a hemangioma removed when I was only 17 years old and was very scared. The doctor joked with me and made me very comfortable. There were no complications and she answered every question I asked. Although that experience was wonderful, I tried to make another appointment to have my wisdom teeth removed and they could not get me in in a timely manner and the staff was not courteous on the phone. 	2	4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	-1	Did not want to finish work because she felt as if the insurance did not pay enough for the treatment. 		3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
32	-1	I went for tubes when I was little, also had tonsils and adenoids out. I've now lost a lot of hearing in my left ear and when I had a severe reaction (allergy) to the pain meds he said it was normal. Would never take my kid there. 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	Very helpful and great staff.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
33	1	Dr. Vincent is very knowledgeable and great with my infant son. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	Dr. Vincent is a wonderful doctor.  He was my pediatrician when I was a child, and I really like Dr. Vincent.  I had my daughter in April of 2009 and of course I am using Dr. Vincent, because he is the best.  He is very nice, knows what he is talking about, and is very caring and loves children and his job. His nurses as well are very nice and easy to talk to.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
33	1	excellent doctor great with the kids, puts them at ease and talks to them on a personal kids level, very very good doctor, highly recommended 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
34	1	Dr Vesbianu is very responsive to my medical needs.  I have complete trust in her.  I actually look forward to my visits to her office.  She treats me like a human and not like a number.  I am 59 years old and she is the first doctor I actually feel comfortable with.  I hope she never leaves her practice here in Tulsa.  I don't know what I would do.  She has treated me for kidney stones &amp; the flu.  she listens to what I say and does not rush me.  She also returns my phone calls.  I am very blessed to have Dr Vesbianu as my doctor. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	Rick is the nicest ER doctor I have ever been to. He is a down to earth guy with a great personality 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	-1	Caused patient to have major problems because he would not listen to anything the patient had to say. Accused the patient of using drugs...it is cancer. Yelled at patient and threatened to thrown them out. Caused this patient's illness to become worst. Treated the man in the same room totally different.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
35	1	Rick is a very good practitioner. He listens to his patients and cares about people in general. He fixed me and made me gooder. 		1	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	Awesome physician!  Explained everything that was going on with me in simple terms.  Answered all my questions.  I highly recommend him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
36	-1	Very bad bedside mannor!  He did a scope to look at my stomach and said my only problem was a small hyatal hernia.  When I finally went to another Dr. they found that I had a gall bladder problem and I had surgery to remove it and I am much better now.  He is not a good Dr.  at all!!! 	3	4	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
36	0	fine if you need a routine colonoscopy, etc but this is not a practitioner you want if you have a G.I. illness, especially a chronic one.  while the doctor is completely capable, he hangs heavily on the designation &quot;specialist&quot; and wastes very little time seeing patients outside of the time spent performing tests, scopes.  if you only need testing, this practice will do.  however if you are ill, pass over because you will in the end need to choose another gastroenterologist to manage your case and treat you.  	1	5	1	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
37	1	This is an exceptional physician who really listens to the patient. She also has a professional weigh loss program.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	1	I love Dr. Vaclaw, He is such a wonderful doctor. He does such a good job with my children, I am very thankful that we have such a great doctor.Thanks Dr. Vaclaw and all your Staff.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
38	1	I have suffered from chronic migraines since I was a child, living with the pain for 2-3 days per week. I have had debilitating migraine's for over 40 years, after being treated by Dr.Vaclaw my migraines no longer impair me at work or my daily activities. I highly recommend Dr. Vaclaw 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
38	1	The doc is good. I am not sure if his staff are qualified enough. The nurse gave and confusing instructions on the prescriptions.  	3	4	4	4 	Insurance:Aetna
39	1	She is the best dermatologist, and I have been to several. I trust her completely. The only down side to being her patient is that she only works two days a week. I wish I could clone her. She has great bedside manner and is very efficient and professional. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	She is the best in her office. She will listen to you and is very caring. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	She was great! I checked on ratemds before making an appt and I was not disappointed.  She took her time with me, discussed all of my questions, and performed 3 small procedures that were not scheduled in order to help me out.   She even mentioned something from my intake forms, which is different than how most docs come in and ask what you are in for - I was happy to know that she actually read my file! 	5	5	5	4 	Insurance:United Healthcare
39	1	Very happy w/ Dr. V!! Her husband (ENT) is awesome, as well.  :) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
39	-1	LEFT SCARES ON MY CHILD WITHOUT LETTING THE PARENT KNOW THAT THIS COULD HAPPEN.  	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
39	1	Dr. V is a great doctor.  She truly listens and cares about her patients.  I feel that I can completely trust her with my family 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
40	-1	I do not care for his treatment style.  Very confronting at times. 	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
41	-1	Dr. Vavricka did not come in time to deliver me. She was at the hospital, no other deliveries were going on. The nurse kept calling for her over the speaker, they could not get a hold of her. The nurse were telling me to try to stop pushing as much as possible. I had significant tearing. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
42	-1	I went to this doctor with a real problem breathing and swallowing due to a large lump in my throat. During my visit, I felt like I was his only patient under the age of twelve. He gave me a terrible antibiotic that broke me out in severe hives! I had to go to the hospital twice in one week because I almost had to go to the burn center, all because of the meds he gave me. This was a risky medicine and he never called to check up on me, even though I am diabetic. His office was supposed to schedule lab and ultrasound during my visit, they verified my phone number and now it has been a month and I have never heard from them.  I will never go back to this doctor! I would not recommend him to anyone! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
42	1	Doctor Visor is very knowledgeable.  But be forewarned that he frequently runs very, very late (45min-1hour) regardless of appointment time.  Additionally, his staff --especially his Nurse Practitioner-- do not return phone calls or messages.  I believe this is an attempt to  garner more appointments.  I would not recommend this Doctor.  There are many other ENT's in OKC and Edmond who treat their patients much better.  	1	1	2	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
42	1	Dr. Visor is the best!  He is so great with children.  He did surgery on my 12mth old and I trusted him completely.  He seems to understand what it is to be a scared parent and has empathy for us.  I would go back - 100%.  Staff friendly as well:) 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	Probably the kindest doctor I have ever met. If you can get through the wait time to see him then you will understand the wait is worth the care.  Bring a book, relax, and know that the time he is not rushing on others just like he won't rush on your appointment.  I (even with the wait time) love the care and knowledge this doctor shows and shares with patients. 	5	1	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	Dr. Voto is a life saver. My pain is completely gone. I do say that sometimes his wait is kinda long but when you get in to see him he does not make you feel rushed and lets you take all the time you need with him. He is all about you and your concerns. I'm sure this is why he runs late sometimes. I feel he is completely worth every second. Not one of those drug pushing dr's giving pain dr's a bad name now days. Even makes you sign a contact saying no refills on Fridays just to weed out the drug seekers I presume. Very professional, knowledgeable and caring. Exactly what I want even if I do have to wait until he's finished with his patients before me. Would definitely recommend. You don't find great Dr's like him much anymore. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
43	-1	Had to wait over an hour to see him. He called me a liar to my face. Would not give injection for my pain...Did not even ask him for pain meds because I can't take them....Made me feel like it was all in my head instead of my back. I would not recommend seeing this Dr. ever. This is my personal opion of him only. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	Dr. Velury listens to her patients and is truly concerned about their well-being.  I highly recommend her practice.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
44	1	. Very nice and knowledgeable 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Medicare
