dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	I sometimes think that Dr Rahme needs a little more seasoning, but I think she cares about her customers and doing right by them. She has taken good care of me, and caught intermittent signs of glaucoma early enough that the specialist is confident he'll be able to stay ahead of it. 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
1	1	I don't remember what I paid, but I like Victoria's office, staff, and eyeglasses.  And her eyeglasses tech is really good at helping you pick out glasses.  I love my glasses and have gotten lots of positive comments on them.  Overall, a great experience.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
1	-1	Inefficient, took me 3 weeks to get a new pair of contact lenses.  		5	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
1	1	Great doctor. Take her time and gets it right. Very caring and interesting in getting to know her patients. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
2	-1	Bad bedside manner. Very quick to rush you in and out. I felt more like a number than a parent. Sticks to the books and what he was taught. Threatened to drop my child as a patient because I wouldn't follow what he said. Very uncomfortable with him as a doctor. 	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
3	-1	Dr. Riffe prescribed a heart monitor for me, it's now approaching 90 days since returning the monitor and have yet to get test results even though have called three times trying to get those heart monitor test results.  Cardionet is now trying to get me to pay for the heart monitor tests for which I still do not know the test results.  Dr. Riffe's nurse has assured me twice that she will get the test results info for me but has not to date.  Very disappointed and hoping my heart issue is not life threatening.  	1	4	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
4	-1	He misdiagnosed me with tinnitus when I had severe Sinusitis. 	4	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	Dr. Resneder has been my doc since 1986 and I was referred to him by my first (and also wonderful) OB/GYN in OKC when I moved to Norman. Dr. R has gotten me through my 2nd c-section, endometriosis, HP virus, and now fibroid tumors.  I have complete trust in his skills and knowledge.  He keeps himself informed on current medicine and has made an important contribution to the health and welfare of a lot of women in Norman. Also, I have always felt in very good hands with Cindy Resneder. They're both all about good medicine and good health. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	I moved from North E.of Tulsa over a year ago and was pregnant and I was looking for a Dr.I found Dr.Resneder.I picked him because of experience. I really think he is a great Dr. and my delivery went great but,he has a dry sense of humor.He is all brain,and of course sweet.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
5	-1	I had used Dr Resneder for over 20 years.  When he performed my hysterectomy in '07 and I kept having pain and bleeding with sex he diagnosed bladder infections or kidney infections.  After two years I saw another doctor who immediately saw that he had left tissue in my incision so it was unable to heal.  Still have pain - wonder what was left inside! 	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	I went to him at the end of my first pregnancy due to my other doctor almost killing me and my unborn child. Dr. Resneder and his Wife are very kind and respectable people. I agree with the most of you and think he needs to lighten up a bit, but I love how blunt he is about things. He performed my c section in 2009 and I am pregnant again so he will be doing another one for me. I love them and I love the staff!! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	-1	I went to him to deliver all of my children after he tied my tubes the last time I had &quot;2&quot; Tubal pregnancies, and he seemed to think it was funny. 	4	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
5	-1	He almost killed my daughter by using a drug that the FDA has said not to use to induce labor because it causes fetal distress and as a result she went into fetal distress and spent 6 days in NICU. He didn't catch my PCOS and told me I was crazy for thinking something was wrong. Terrible doctor. 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	An excellent doctor who is highly skilled and always current on new procedures and medications. Dr. Resneder has a dry sense of humor that takes some time to appreciate if you are new to it. Cindy resneder is also a highly skilled ARNP Nurse Practitioner that sees her own patients as well as patients of Dr. Resneder when he is called away on an emergency. The office staff are professional and very nice. It is evident that everyone in the office cares about their patients, The office is clean, comfortable and very professional. If you are luck enough then you might get a chance to talk to Cindy and she is perhaps the nicest, most genuine person I have ever met.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Pacificare
5	1	I've had three children while seeing this Dr.  Him and his staff are warm, caring, and attentive when I brought concerns to them.  He quickly diagnosed a problem that I was having causing infertility, corrected it, and I was pregnant within a month.  He is very knowledgeble and has been a great doctor to me as well as family members who had a life-threatening condition that he discovered early.  Great staff, too! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
5	1	Dr. John Resneder has been my gyno for 20+ years, and I am very impressed with him. In my experience, he's always been calm, educated on the latest medical information, listens closely to my concerns, always takes time to answer my questions, and even draws anatomy pictures when I am unclear. I have a &quot;unique&quot; inside anatomy, and he has always been very gentle in obtaining my paps (when I have been hurt by another gyno when I temporarily moved out of state). He performed a second c-section on me in 1984 partly due to my first child being a c-section, but mostly because my second child was also breach. Throughout my second pregnancy, he would present the options and risks, and made it clear that a vaginal delivery was still a possibility for me, educating me on the pros and cons. He eventually decided on the second c-section which went very smooth. On a personal level, he has a dry sense of humor (which I like), and also a great bedside manner. I highly recommend him. Gentle is good.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
5	1	They are just ok. They don't really give clear cut answers to question. His wife (who works there with him) has a great bed side mannar. His on the otherhand needs a lot of work. I feel like if you need a doctor and just want a good doctor then he is for you. But if you want a doctor who you feel supports you then he is not for you. 	4	4	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	. excellent doctor really seems to care 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	1	My son was a 24w and had poor lungs. After a 4 month stay at the hospital we came home and saw Dr. Reyes. He is amazing. Very good knowledge. Since my son was so early his has poor immune system and the staff never made us wait in waiting room. The Dr. and all the staff care deeply about your child.  	 11/7/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	1	Best Doctor that I ever had. Too bad that he closed his private practice. Dr. Ric always showed me a great deal of respect and care. He took time to listen to me closely and evaluated my problems with precision. Before Dr. Ric, I went to many other physicians with my ailments, always to be 'blown off' by them. They seemed less than concerned and usually said that my problems were 'in my head' or 'you are too young to have these problems'. Doctor Riccitelli never treated me that way. He diagnosed some hard to fix problems that others could not or would not. I still have not found a doctor that compares to Dr. Riccitelli, nor have I found one that I trust with my life. Dr. Riccitelli is one of a kind, a truly caring professional. He is missed. If you read this, Dr. Riccitelli, please re-open your private practice.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	1	Dr. Ric was my doctor for 15 + years and was the best doctor I have ever been to. Such a wonderful person, very intelligent and caring. I am so sad that he left his private practice, now me and my family do not have a doctor that we can trust as we did Dr. Ric. I can only hope that we can find another doctor that is half as good as he.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	1	I have been going to Dr.Ric. for at least ten years now and I can honestly say that he has to be the best doctor I have ever been to.He always has time to talk to you about any problems you are having and actually cares.He is extremely knowledgeable and follows through on everything he says he will do.Dr.Ric. is definetly not a guessing doctor but instead he is a doctor who gets all the facts first and is not afraid to order any and all tests he feels are necessary.My wife and I trust Dr. Ric. without question as do my parents.Dr. Ric. has helped all of us through some rough times not by just being a Dr. but by being someone you can turn to that will listen as well.I know many people that go to Dr. Ric. that would echo what I say.I fell blessed that we have a Dr. with his experience and caring here in Lawton.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	1	Very very good sense of humor and very knowledgeable.recommend him to all.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	1	He is always gentle and knows what he is doing. I was so surprised that he knew so much about RSD. So many doctors that I went to had no idea what that was.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
9	1	my mother was under this doctors care for several years. He is very knowledgeable and gave excellent care.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
9	-1	My 82 y/o father had bypass surgery 19 years ago. He was having chest pain and his PCP referred him to Dr. Raines. Dr. Raines said he would set him up for a heart cath ASAP. After a week, we called the woman who schedules his heart caths and she didn't know a thing about my Dad. My Dad said if he couldn't take care of him before he provided any care for him, there was no way he would take good care of him afterward. My Dad saw a different doctor. I would not recommend this doctor to anyone.  		4	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
10	1	Dr. Ribaudo is a good doctor; however, we changed physicians because of the experience with the office staff and the long wait.  Her nurse is an absolute witch and was hateful at each visit which does not make an already uncomfortable visit any more pleasant. The staff gave us return appointment tickets with the wrong patient name and appointment date not once but TWICE on two separate occasions.  The wait time was at least 30 minutes in the lobby and another 20 at least in the room.  If this had happened occasionally, no problem, but it was every single time we went. Sometimes the waits were even longer. This, coupled with the grouchiness of her nurse who seemed irritated to even be there, was the main reason we left.  	1	1	4	4 	Insurance:Aetna
10	1	This doctor is amazing!  She is honestly the most understanding doctor you will find.  There should be more doctor's like her! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	i had never been to an obgyn before, and this was my first exam and needless to say i was very very unconfortable, but Dr. Ribaudo was extremely nice and knowledgeable about everything. she put up with me asking 6 million questions and was very happy to answer them all. i am telling you if you need an obgyn or are not happy with yours, this woman is amazing, and will never make you feel silly or uncomfortable in her office. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	I am telling every woman out there who is afraid to go to the Doctor or any young woman who has never had an exam..... GO TO HER! You will never go to another OB/GYN. EVER. That is honestly all I have to say.  	 12/9/08	5	4	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
11	-1	Ended up in the emergency room after this doctor operated on me.  	3	4	2	1 	Insurance:Aetna
11	-1	Litteraly thought I would die.  She left a hole in my colon that resulted in emergency surgery.  Do NOT let her operate on you!!!  Nurses at the hospital said she has more patients experiencing problems than the other doctors.  	3	5	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
11	1	 	5	4	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
12	-1	Stay away.  This guy is a con artist.  He comes in to the room and starts his show....he lies about everything.  He will recommend procedures just to fill his own pockets.  Once he gets a few back injections and drives your bill up, he will kick you to the curb.  The staff is terrible and they all have this smug attitude.  Ask your primary care doctor to send you elsewhere.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
13	1	I LOVE Dr Renouard! He's been my doctor since 1999 (12  years) and has been the best urologist in the state of Oklahoma. I have seen other urologists....Dr Renouard is unique in many ways. He is not a fan of rushing into surgery unless it is an emergency and he likes to try other ways to avoid it.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	1	I went to the Mercy ER, with sever left flank pain. They ran a CT Scan and found a Kidney Stone. I was referred to Dr. Renouard. He checked the CT Scan and correctly diagnosed the stone. Due to the size of the stone and the placement (stuck in the left kidney) I had lithotripsy to break up the stone. Turns out it was 16mm by 10mm (not 13mm by 4m). I had to have a second lithotripsy to remove the remainer of the stone. I was in extreme pain and he explained the large kidney stone size, the procedure, and what would be done. The stone was stuck in the kidney at the top of the ureter. I had to have a stent in place to help the broken stones pass. I am very greatful to Dr. Renouard and his staff for their timely ness in this matter and the care I was given. The Edmond office is very punctional and I was in and out for follow up visits very quickly. I would highly recommend him to my family and friends. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	-1	The person with the hidden stones sure got lucky.  When I suggested that perhaps my CT was misread, he assured me that wasn't possible. Really&#63; I am in terrible pain. He told me to take Advil.  He is arrogant, doesn't listen to his patients, and certainly doesn't want you questioning anything he says. My husband also had a bad experience with him prescribing medicines he didn't need, simply because he didn't take the time to listen to his patient. He's like going to a child with a medical degree.  Find someone else.  	3	3	1	2 	Insurance:Coventry
13	0	Told me I had microscopic drops of blood in my urine and ordered several tests. When none of them showed anything, he said everything looked good and to come back in six months. Never went back and haven't had any more problems. If I hadn't had insurance, I wonder if all those tests would have been ordered. 	5	4	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	Dr. Renouard probably saved my life. After months in pain and being kicked from doctor to doctor, I finally found a man who actually listens and tries to explain logically to the patient what is going on with his/her body. After passing two kidney stones, I was sent from doctor to doctor for test after test, because I was still light-headed, dizzy, and in considerable pain, but these doctors continued to assure me that I was stone free and a hypochondriac. The problem it turned out was that the two CT scans were messed up by the techs. Dr. Renouard refused to ignore my symptoms and dismiss me. He ordered an ultrasound of my kidney and found seven small stones embedded deeply in the fold and a CT (supervised by him!) using smaller section cuts revealed a stone stuck in my ureter. It had been there so long that the endoscopy revealed that is was half covered with scar tissue. He preformed a Lithotripsy and stone retrieval. He has kept a close eye on me sense. I can't thank him enough.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
13	-1	My Family Practice Doctor recommended this Doctor,after a high PSA result. He said I would be in good hands. My original gut feeling with this Doctor was &quot;Go To Another Doctor!&quot; But I totally trust my Family Practice Doctor's opinion. Since then I have had a biopsy, and recurring  outbreaks of Prostatitis. I don't really know what's going on and he is not really explaining clearly to me. He tends to hint that my digestive system is causing my urological problems. I have gone to another Digestive Doctor on his recommendation. When I addressed this with the New Digestive Doctor, he seemed puzzled and uncomfortable about saying anything on that. I have had other urological health issues and when I address them with him, I too have been interrupted. He tends to raise his voice in this process.  I thought that I had did something wrong. But now I see now what a mistake I made by choosing this Doctor. The only positive thing is the biopsy was negative for CA.  &quot;GO TO ANOTHER DOCTOR!&quot; 	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
14	1	Dr. Reed seems to be very knowledge and seems to really care about his patients.  He listens to you and spends time with you. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	Dr. Reid is the best ob/gynecology doc at ou physicians. Trust me. The first comment doesn't make sense because when you are pregnant you can only take tylenol for any pain.Dr. Reid is the best.  	3	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
15	-1	Dr Reid refused to treat my jaw pain during pregnancy because &quot;She doesn't do that&quot; according to nurse Christi. I went to my dentist who told me I had to have an okay from my OB for treatment and Dr Reid refused and told me to treat my TMJ with tylenol and hot compresses. I was also told TMJ cannot be onset by pregnancy but yet my dentist believes so and also my co-workers but Dr Reid told her nurse to tell me it has nothing to do with my pregnancy. A simple online search will tell you hormones can trigger TMJ.  	4	4	2	1 	Insurance:Medicare
15	1	DR Reid is great. Always makes you feel comfortable which is hard to do with me I am nervous when it comes to these exams. She is always patient and spends quality time with patient. She has always listened to every problem and took action immediately to find the cause. I would recommend Dr Reid to anyone searching for an obgyn. She a very sweet person.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
16	0	Do not take your children to this clinic. They are too busy and have no personable skills. I am an RN and will not take my child here! 	1	2	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	Dr. Redwine is very caring and helpful, but since she has switched locations, we are not happy with her staff.  We have waited for nearly an hour the past 4 times we have been in.  It seems they really overbook appointments.  	3	1	4	4 	Insurance:Aetna
16	1	Dr. Redwine has been my daughter's doctor since she was born 2 years ago and she is great!  She is great at listening and never seems rushed.  Her office was great about getting us in when my daughter is sick.  She recently had her first baby and I think this will make her an even better doctor.  She also switched offices so I am hoping the staff there is as nice as the other office.  I would highly recommend her to anyone.   She takes great care of children! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	1	This office is wonderful and ALL of the doctors are great. The Pediatrics is on one side and the Family Doctors are on the other. Great great people! Wonderful with kids/babies and really takes her time to check the children out. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	Dr.  Razook saved my baby's life, I would definitely recommend him!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	-1	dr.razook misdiagnosed my child. sending us in a turmoil of suffering for months. i would not recommend him AT ALL. 	 5/9/08	3	3	2	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	She did an excellent job explaining my condition where others failed.  It was the most thorough eye exam I ever had.  I highly recommend her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	-1	I paid this Doctor a lot of money for treatment that was not needed; as I went and got a second opinion and had been diagnosed incorrectly.  I really liked her personally but cannot recommend her to others after this and will not use her in the future. 	3	4	3	1 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	SHE IS A VERY GOOD DOCTOR. VERY KNOWLEGABLE AND VERY CARING. SHE WAS ABLE TO ANSWER ANY QUESTIONS I HAD AND WAS ABLE TO EXPLAIN THEM TO WHERE I COULD UNDERSTAND THEM AS WELL. I RECOMMEND HER FOR EVERYONE WHO NEEDS AN OPHTHALMOLOGIST. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	Was great, very helpful and took her time to answer all my questions. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	After 20+ years as a patient receivng excellent care the past two years annual physicals assessment did not relate accurate personal information. 	5	4	3	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	Dr. Reese is extremely easy to talk with regarding all aspects of my health.  He seems very knowledgable, and if he is uncertain about something, he admits it and researches it, which is much appreciated.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
19	1	Dr. Reese has been my personal doctor since 1986 and has always made me feel like my health is his top concern.  Great personality and easy to talk to. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	-1	Had scheduled appointment time. He was a couple hrs later to see him. Once seen him felt rushed. nothing seemed timley at all.  	2	1	1	2 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
21	1	Good experience staff was helpful it did take a little longer but seemed knowledgeable 	4	5	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
22	1	He told me things about my shoulder that no one else has bothered to tell me. He's having me do therapy for it and doesn't want to rush into surgery. Others I have seen always try to rush into surgery.  I highly recommend him 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
22	1	VERY GOOD DOCTOR. VERY HELPFUL, ONE ONE OF THE BEST 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	-1	Had a breast augmentation and developed capsular contracture almost immediately on one breast. The doctor waited so long to treat it that it became level IV. I was in excruciating pain and still no sense of urgency from Dr Ramey. Unfortunately I had to have both implants removed and my breasts are embarrassingly smaller than I started, sagging and not unbalanced in shape. 	3	5	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	Dr Ramey is very professional and easy to talk to and he listens to your needs. He came highly recommended from past patients. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	I had a breat aug. in 2000 with Dr. Ramey. Overall I was happy with the results, no complilcations or infection. However, one implant is a little higher than the other. It really doesn't look too bad, but I've considered having it fixed. He offered to fix it for $800, but I would have a scar on my breast from it. The origional incisions were in my armpits. I decided to pass. However, my implants still look better than most I've seen, so I guess I can't complain too much. 	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
24	-1	I would not recommend to have your kids with Dr. Razdan. I heard she was pretty nice &amp; friendly when she was with Warren Clinic but since she has opened her own group, &quot;Contemporary Women's Specialists&quot; she is all about money. She saw me for my first OB appointment, but then when I went to the billing, I was told that I have to give them the remaining portion of the insurance upfront. My insurance covers 80% and I have to give 20%. I told them that I am not running anywhere, once you file the insurance after the delivery, I'll pay whatever is left but no, they wanted me to sign the paper that I'll pay the amount upfront. If at that time I chose not to stay with the doctor, I had to pay for the visit that I just did out of my own pocket. So it was like a trap.   She didn't see me when needed and they returned phone calls after 1 day and some time never returned phone calls.  	 6/11/12	1	2	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	1	I would have to say that Dr razdan is great she answers your questions and she is there for u.The only thing that I dont like is that she rush  trough the ultrasounds.I just wish she will take it a little longer so I can see my baby move but other than that she is great.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	0	Orginally, I would have rated Dr. Razdan top notch. She was great before and during my pregnancy. when I went to see her for my post 6wk check up is when I saw a different side of her. She immediatly started pushing BC pills, I told her that no, we wanted to have more children...every vist from then on she pushed contraceptives and gave me the 3rd degree. I felt like she viewed me a dirty teen that should never be allowed to have children. Im in my 30's and married. I am also having some other problems that she has be reluctant to address. Her wait time can be long or short, she is in the buisness of babies and they work on their time. I loved her until she treated me like I should be ashamed for not wanting to be on the pill.  wtf&#63; 	3	2	2	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	-1	Well sd on the review comments already posted b4 I guessed I missed them when I was reading the reviews but let me tell u abt my experience w/Dr. Razdan! I guess I should of known NOT 2 go w/her whn She canceled our 1st appt. Moments b4 I ws scheduled 2 c her &amp; this was after I waited 2 mnths 2 get an appt! I left there feeling worse than whn I wnt in! She ws NOT personable! She spoke VERY condescending 2 me as well! I give her my history,my issues, &amp; symptoms,she's says &quot;So what is it that u r here 4 b/c ur just all over the board&quot;! &quot;Really b/c I thought I was Here 2 give u a little bit of my medical history being I'm a new patient &amp; all so that u cld address some of my VERY serious &amp; long standing female health issues but OK&quot; I thought that's kind of how the patient doctor thing worked but then what do I know right! Sorry that your job annoys you.... maybe you should think about a career change!               (Comments 1 remaining to continue) 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
24	-1	she was rude, condescending and she didn't address my concern at all! 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
24	-1	After waiting an hour in the waiting room and another 20 minutes in the exam room, Dr. Razdan finally came in and rushed through the exam with an extremely condescending attitude. After a month of not having any results I called and finally got them. Very unprofessional and hostile atmosphere. Wish I hadn't kept my mouth shut and tried to be nice, they certainly weren't.  	1	1	2	2 	Insurance:United Healthcare
24	1	She was amazing! She was the only doctor I saw the whole time I was Pregnant,as well as she was the doctor who delivered my baby. She could answer any questions that I thought of.  She was Awesome I would HIGHLY recommend her to anyone,I have to many family and friends already! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
24	1	Cheryl Razdan is indeed a wonderful doctor.  Very knowledgable and a caring person. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
24	1	Dr. Razdan is an amazing doctor.  She takes time to listen to concerns and answer questions.  She is very patient friendly and speaks to you like a person.  Also takes time to discuss options when it comes to treatment and pregnancy.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
24	1	Highly reccomend. Caring and concerned. Takes time to listen and answer any questions. Has the best nurse around. Rare gem in today's fast paced society.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
24	1	Highly recommend Dr Razdan. Very thorough exam. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	-1	I accompanied my mother to this Dr, the staff said the Dr would ONLY see mom which created a problem since she can't relay to us what was discussed, plus we wanted to ensure she was informing the Dr of all of her concerns. (Mother signed a consent form.) The nurse was rude, I've never been treated so disrepectfully and I felt so sorry for my mother. I would NOT recommend this Dr to anyone.  Do yourself a favor - go some place else! 	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:Medicare
25	1	I personally think Dr. Reddy is a very good physician.One of the main qualities about his office is the staff are very kind and that I've never had to wait more than 15mins past my appt time.I seen him for my left leg amputation,and he treated me great. Overall I give him a, 8 out of 10! 	4	4	4	5 	Insurance:Medicare
25	1	Dr Reddy was my follow-up physician after hip Replacement five years ago. He took very good care of me. He truly cares for his patients.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	-1	I saw this doctor 7.27.09, and all he told me to do was seek a swimming pool and to put my leg up on a stool when doing the dishes, etc. Also, to face whatever I was doing, don't reach over something.  His advice was sound, just not appropriate for my situation. I didn't feel that he understood my needs, that he made palliative suggestions rather than substantive assistance.  	4	5	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
25	1	He is happy to see all his patients,The staff is just great and concerned for patients wellbeing,Very knoweledgable, helpful. Treatment was excelent and helpe me very much.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
26	-1	Worse doc. ever, after seeing him I about went relapse. he took a bad moment in my life a shoved it down my throat. 	5	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	dr.rao has been so helpful to me. my wife recently died i did not think i could make it without her. i was unable to shower,and really felt i had nothing to leave for. dr. rao was so caring and compassionate he told me what i needed and we started the process of being on an antidepressant,which is something i have never done. but iam alive i get up shower and go to work it took a couple weeks for meds to kick in. i would call he was so caring. he returned every call. I have never met a DR. like DR.RAO. God bless you DR.RAO you have saved my life.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
26	1	dr.rao has been the best doctor i moved here and was suffering from severe anxiety disorder. dr. rao has been teaching me that medication is not the solution i have to have a therapist do an emdr for my night mares, being ****ed at such a young age it has affected a big part of my life. dr. rao does have the answers he has a heart willing to listen but is wise enough that he will not allow himself to be manipulated by his patients. he is strong he has a filter on his computer that will tell the office staff if you are doctor shopping! he will not accuse u of anything he asked he has all the info. if u are dissapointed it is because u are a user trying to bad mouth my doctor u piece of****! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
26	-1	You get better service at the local free clinic. Doesnt seem to understand adults can have add too. where has this guy been while medicine advanced the last 15 years&#63; 	5	5	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
26	-1	Wouldnt put me on medicine that has worked for me in the past. Likes to script patent meds for  $$$ Accused me of doctor shopping because I went and saw him two weeks after I stopped going to my old Pdoc, which I told him I had a previous doctor. After I started going to this guy I lost my job, seeing as I did not have my medication. Calls himself an addiction specialist, yet seems to know nothing about the stages of addiction. Very strange attitude and actions, which I would call Elitist. All in all a HORRIBLE experience STAY AWAY if you can 	4	4	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
27	-1	She was rude and didn't listen. 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	Wonderful Doctor.  vary kind and caring have been her patient for 7 years and she has always been superior to any other doctor 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
28	1	Dr. Riggs is a wonderful doctor, but I agree on the punctuality issue.  I have waited over an hour in the exam room before.  She is super-knowledgable about stuff and knows when to refer you to a specialty doctor.  	3	1	4	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	0	Dr. Riggs is highly recommended for her care, however, the wait time is prohibitive except for the retired.  You can expect to wait on her at least 1 hour and most likely 2 hours for a 20 minute exam.  Do not use Dr. Riggs if you expect to be in and out in under an hour or 2 or 3 or. . . 	3	1	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
28	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
28	1	It is trust that you have a while to wait, but I think Dr. Riggs rocks! I have been a patients for 8 years and I adore her. She listens, she takes time, she is really concerned about her patients. I think she is the best doctor in the world. She has the best bed side manner and her nurses are great. Melissa is my favorite, she is so nice and kind.  I think the entire staff is the best! 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	-1	I'm very disappointed, because she has made my Celiac situation worse. Ive been going to her for 10 yrs, and like her,..but she is more harm then good. Sorry! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
28	-1	FIRST, this office acts like you are such a burden to them!  NEXT, you usually have to wait 45 min. to an hour to be seen!  LASTLY, Dr. Riggs made me wait in her patient room, in the paper &quot;clothes&quot; and 60 degrees temp.  An HOUR later, she comes to only leave again because she got paged.  My feet were up in the stirrups, even!  She walks out the door and was gone 10 minutes.  She is rough in her exam, then she acts like she has to HURRY.  I give her an F in bedside manor.  I will NEVER go to her again. 	1	1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	She's the best of the best when it comes to treating eating disorders. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	Very empathetic. It's nice to have someone to listen you when you talk, and she's good about that 	4	5	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	I have been extremely satisfied with the level of care received from Dr. Rickner. He takes time to actually listen to and discuss any and all concerns I have. I have never felt like he was just rushing me through to get to the next patient. The treatment he prescribed has been effective, where other previous doctors have failed. He has also personally called me back when I have left a message for him (something that I have found to be very rare with other doctors). I would recommend him to anyone looking for a good doctor. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	-1	It's always a good idea to check the public records to see if a physician and/or his staff has ever been sued. 	1	3	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
31	0	The front desk lady is very friendly and helpful.  However, the lady in the back that gives you pricing is very condescending and unprofessional (reason for low ratings on staff and helpfulness).  I think she and Dr. Ratliff used to be married and I can see why they USED to be married and no longer are married. 	2	2	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	I had a BA done on a Friday and was back to work monday! Dr. Ratliff and staff where soo good to me! Plus they look Great! I am so happy! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	-1	Had a tummy tuck and breast lift. Tummy tuck went well, however at the time of the followup I mentioned to Dr. Radcliff that one nipple was larger than the other. I was basically brushed off. I then came back a week laterand showed him a triangular scar under one breast, and once again mention the &quot;noticeable&quot; difference of the nipples...only to be brushed off again. I waited a little over a year to return. I specifically talked about my nipple being much larger than the other, where Dr. Radcliff told me &quot;You can't be 100% all the time&quot;. He could fix the scat under general anesthesia for a little more than $300. Can't say that I will ever recommend him to ANYONE, or ever go back. 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	Excellent surgical result. Good follow-up. Well trained nurses. Highly recommend 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	-1	I am more unhappy with my body than I have ever been. I had a breast augmentation 3 years ago and went from a B to a D (which was supposed to be a C) My implants &quot;bottomed out&quot; which basically means my implant is sitting on my stomach and my nipple is up on my chest, I couldn't even wear a bikini and I'm a size 2. So I called them and asked them about fixing it, they said yes but I still had to pay 1600.00. Because I was so uncomfortable with my body and just wanted it done I went ahead with the revision surgery. Nine months and lots of pain later my implants have dropped again. I work very hard daily to stay in shape and keep my body looking it's best, but I often feel like it's a waste of time because I will never be able to wear a swimsuit, or even a low cut shirt or my nipples will come out the top. I am ashamed and embarrassed of the way I look. My advice is DON'T EVEN CONSIDER GOING TO DR. RATLIFF. 	2	5	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	Had my ba last week n boobs look great already. N honestly everyones body takes differantly to certain procedures. Some do and some don't. Ratliff was great and I will continue to send my friends his way. I was also recomended by a friend. So I've seen his work before hand. Hope this was helpfull n don't be affraid to ask ur doc questions. He answered all of mine. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	Great Doc!  Very knowledgeable. Easy to work with. Goo results. 	4	3	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	-1	I got breast implants for my 50th bday. he told me I didnt need a lift. it's been 2 yrs and they sag and when i lay down they are under my armpits. he was rude &amp; kept me waiting an hr at my checkup, they are nice til they get your money. For $5000.00 I should look great. would NOT recommend him to anyone 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	I had my mommy make-over June 24, 2010. I cannot even begin to tell you how happy I am with the results!! DR. RATLIFF IS MY HERO!!! I recommend any mommy out there to contact him. Everyone in the office is so kind and helpful!! I am a 37 year old mom of 4 kids. I have always had very uneven breasts but to add a large stretched out tummy was so humilating. I didn't even want to take off my clothes and see myself in the mirror much less let anyone else see me. I saved for a long time and I can tell you, my only regret is that I didn't do it sooner. I went in hoping to just look a little better but had no idea how happy I would be with my results just 2 days after surgery. I am now 6weeks post surgery and could not be any happier. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND DR RATLIFF &amp; HIS STAFF!!! THEY ARE THE BEST IN TULSA!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	-1	I was very displeased with his consultation. Awful bedside manner and horrible office staff. Never would I have an elective procedure with his office nor him. Stay away! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
31	-1	He gives a great consult but cannot deliver with results. Very unhappy with results - underwent an arm lift and following the original procedure really could tell little difference.  Doctor's response was &quot;well it is a bit better then before&quot;.  Then had to pay additional sum for revision with marginal results.  He promises a lot and delivers little. 	3	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
31	-1	Had several terrible experiences with this doctor over two procedures and several follow-ups.  He and his staff are rude and rushed in general.  He always appears to be exhausted and burnt out.  I have bad results and excessive scarring  that could have been avoided...even my current plastic surgeon agrees.  This guy is the cheapest PS in town for a reason...you get what you pay for. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	How much did you pay for your BA with Dr Ratliff I am going in for a consultation next week, 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	Very happy with BA results....highly recommended. Dr. Ratliff listened to me and what I wanted! The Rice test was dead on! Dr was very professional and staff helped me so much with my questions. Already sent 2 friends also very happy with their results. Plan to be back for tummy tuck. Hope this review helped. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	Dr. Ratliff is amazing!! I am so happy with my new boobies! I went from a very small A to a very small C and it looks fabulous! No idea what I've been missing all these years! Highly reccommended!!!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	-1	I used this dr for an eye lift and also a breast lift.  I feel like I just wasted $15,000.  He messed up my right eye and has done some corrective surgery on it but it still doesn't look normal. One eye is more open than the other. We agreed on what I wanted from the breast lift before the operation and he was like, no problem, but after the operation my breasts were still sagging, his reponse was &quot;well they look better than they did&quot; and refused to do any corrective work.  He made my aerola twice as big as they were before.  I ended up going to a different dr in my area and had the procedure re-done at my expense (another $3700), but with incredible results!  I would be very careful using this doctor!!!  I most definitely would not even let him touch my face.  I am stuck with this result on my eyes and wish I had never entered his office. 	 4/30/09	5	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
31	-1	I had a very strange consultation with Dr. Ratliff.  Consultation lasted for over 2 hours, which was okay.  He and I discussed what will be covered with my insurance.  Appeared to be very nice during consultation.  After consultation, I spoke with the office manager to get things in order for surgery.  This was the exact reply from the office manager, &quot;I don't know &quot;why' Dr. Ratliff didn't tell you that he doesn't take insurance.&quot;  My response was, &quot;he and I talked about what the insurance will cover.&quot; She then loooked at my like I was crazy.  I felt like I was in the twilight zone.  I felt my time was wasted.  The next day I called his office to inquire about the insurance.  The response was, &quot;sure, we take your particular insurance.&quot;  I then said to her, I was told something differently.  She then said, &quot;I don't know who could have told you that.&quot;  I gave her the name of the office manager. She brushed me off.  Now, do you think I want this Dr. to cut on me&#63;  Absolutely not!!!!! 	3	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
31	-1	I had a Breast Augmentation and I am completely unsatisfied, it looks awful and I am in constant pain everyday even after 5 months. 	2	4	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	A little rushed.  Good results but later got a contraction and went to someone else down the road.  I would have liked to have a female surgeon instead. 	3	4	3	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	0	Breast augmentation. Painful. Large Scars. Dr. friendly at consult, but rude about fixing problems. 	2	4	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	Dr. Reiheld came to my house three times when snow would not allow we me get to this office to change my wound vac.  He is awesome and I would absolutely recommend him and the LSI Foot Clinic in Ponca City OK.  	5	5	5	4 	Insurance:Aetna
33	-1	The man can not tell the truth if his life depends on it. 	2	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
33	0	doesnt use mri reports to evaluate diagnosis and doesnt take patient pains into account for recovery. Felt like i was just another number and no big deal. Still having issues with hand pain.  	3	3	2	3 	Insurance:Workers Comp
33	1	Good doctor overall, but was not very helpful when is came to answering questions.  He was very wrapped up in teaching interns rather than talking to his patients. 	4	5	3	5 	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	Excellent 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
34	-1	About yr. ago the VA opened up vet clinic in Hartshorne, OK where Dr. Raunikar now works.  So I think he no longer works in private practice.  I was sent there for my primary care since I live in the surrounding area.  I am not pleased w/this dr. because he would not properly diagnose my condition which got worst to the point that I have to have surgery at the main VA in Muskogee.  When I asked him questions regarding a condition that he misjudged on several occasions, he got very short &amp; told me that he had to go because he was busy.  I rated the staff higher than this dr performance because staff were polite &amp; did there job.  This dr. on the otherhand, went so far as to dispute the medical report &amp; tests results from McAlester Hospital.  I really suffered to point of being housebound.  Finally about 6 months later, I went to ER &amp; was hospitalized for a serious condition that should had been treated earlier, which this Dr. had refused to do.  	3	2	1	1 	Insurance:Veterans Administration
34	1	A+ EXCELLENT care. Dr. Raunikar was very professional and thorough with his explanations of exams and was happy to answer all questions. Rated as SE Oklahomas's number 1 internist and his support staff also extended the same prompt/professional care.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
35	1	Very nice office. Staff is friendly and knowledgeable. The doctors really took time with me to find out what treatment would work best for my headaches. I have been headache free since my visits and will return for routine maintance. I would recommend Drs. Rankin and Woods to anybody looking for a good chiropractor. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	The Rankin Chiropratic always provides quality, honest treatment.  Massage and therapy are part of each treatment.  This is a great office in Norman. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	-1	Had two visits was very rude they refused to give me a copy of my bill regardless it was for accident.  They spent a total of 10 minutes of a little massage thing and when I asked for the zapper thing they said no maybe next time I said I want something else done this is not good enough she said no next time.  I didn't go back and complained about the way they treated me and the doctor when I talked to him I said do you not even care why I did't come back he said NO!  Got rude and hung up on me!  They don't care at all!!  Nice first time on the phone before the visit but waist of time!! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	I've been seeing Dr. Rae for many years. He is caring, thorough and what he doesn't know he will find out for you.  He goes the extra mile and will always leave you feeling as if you are his only patient.  I wouldn't go to anyone else.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
36	1	I have been going to Dr Rae for several years now &amp; from the 1st time I met him I knew he was a good man. I don't think he has EVER spent less than a half hour w/me asking me questions, answering questions, &amp; making sure that I've told him everything that I came to tell him. When I walk out of his office the appointment isn't always finished. If there is something he doesn't understand, he is checking w/other doctors or wherever he needs to check to find the answers he needs. My wife loves him, my youngest son loves him. He quickly became much more a friend than a doctor to me. He is very easy to talk to about anything. He does all he can do to take care of me, even when I don't want to be taken care of. He takes care of business but also has a great sense of humor &amp; understands very well how to use both together. He makes you feel at ease from the word go. Besides that, he's a Johnny Cash Fan, as am I. God Bless ya Doc.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
36	1	I really like Dr. Rae.  He isn't always on time, but that is because he will spend a lot of time with you.  He makes you feel as if he has all the time in the world for you.  He is very thorough and will ask a lot of questions.  He shows a genuine concern for his patients, which is nice when you aren't feeling well.  A great doctor. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	this Doctor is a great and wonderful Doctor. He may not be the most punctual but that is because he will let you ask him about several issues during the same appoinment(very rare now a days). He has always answered my questions and concerns if is not able to he will refer you to someone who can. He is willing to admit when he does not know something(very rare yet agian). 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	He is a good Dr. he answered all my questions and was very professional. When my condition started to change and he could no longer help me he refered me to a specialist that could help me. I rated this doctor because I would like people to read about him and if they are looking for a new doctor they may want to check him out.  		4	5	4 	Insurance:Pacificare
36	1	I've been seeing Dr. Rae for several years. He has a laid-back style with a touch of humor (just what someone needs when they aren't feeling well). He's always willing to answer questions and help.  Great doc! 		4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
36	1	Dr. Rae is a great doctor! He combines common sense and medical excellence. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
37	1	Dr. Ritze has been our family physician for 30+ years, with the exception of about 8-10 years in the middle.  He is very clear on where he stands.  If he feels you shouldn't do something, he'll tell you and he usually has solid reasoning that is hard to argue with.  He delivered all my children and has saved my life AT LEAST once.  He keeps in contact with my other doctors, when I have something going on.  He knows my quirks and has a clue if I'll follow his suggestions and he is good to offer me a choice of natural or medicinal avenues, if a choice is possible, when I have a problem.  (He knows I HATE to take medicines.)  I'm proud to call him my family physician.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	1	Very knowledgeable and helpful. Gave me insight to a problem I thought I may have and explained all available options for me to pursue without pressuring me into any of them. I was very pleased.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
38	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
39	1	Dr. Rickner is a &quot;shoot straight from the hip&quot; kind of guy.  He doesn't mince words or waste time (his or ours), and answered every one of our questions directly and without hesitation.  Given my own history with cancer, I'm so very glad my husband was sent to Dr. Rickner.  He might be a diamond in the rough (the other person said &quot;not compassionate&quot;), but he's still the jewel that shined bright when my husband and I needed it most.   Thank You, Sir!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
39	1	Knowledgeable, but not very understanding.  He was very straight-forward, but not compassionate.  He was there for the facts, not to break news gently.  	4	4	3	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	1	This man is an ER doctor; he was able to help me find out that I had lupus; however he was sarcastic with me at first and then became nice after he realized I was really sick. I never received a bill from him and he instead sent what I owed him to a law firm for collections and has ruined my credit. I cannot tell you enough the hell that I am going through.  	2	2	3	4 	Insurance:Coventry
40	1	Very nice doctor and great with my 2 year old son.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
40	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
41	-1	Dr. Rable said I didn't have breast cancer and she would prove it on return visit in 6months, I had invasive breast cancer and if she had done further test 6 months earlier it would not have got into my lymph nodes.  She told me that she can tell just by feeling if you have breast cancer or not.  I tell everyone when I am asked about her, she doesn't know a whole lot about what she is talking about.  I also know of several other lives she has played havoc with, with her guessing game of what is wrong with them.  Find a different surgeon! 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	Although it was almost 8 years ago, Dr Rabel did my gall bladder surgery, I will always remember seeing her face when I woke up and how concerned she was for me, she answered all my questions, and I was able to get the surgery scheduled quickly.  I have reccomended her to several people 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
41	1	I recently had outpatient surgery for breast cancer. Dr. Rabel was my surgeon. She was always on time for all appointments, and very considerate about my feelings. She is extremely knowledgable, not only about her area but also about subsequent therapy. Her staff is the best. They always work together to have all medical tests collected and available for appointments. They are kind and extremely considerate. Dr. Rabel spent a great deal of time both pre and post surgery answering all my questions. Dr. Rabel is very through, she walks you through the entire procedure until you are comfortable and understand everything. She is very intelligent and knowledgeable, but very down to earth. I have had no negative effects from the surgery, the pain was managed very well by Dr. Rabel (phone calls returned promptly) and I am healing quickly.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
42	1	Dr. Reynolds is my oncologist.  He is GREAT.  He cares about each and every patient.  He treats you with respect and is very easy to talk to. He makes it clear that if you have any questions or need help, all you have to do is call. And..that's true. Either he or a member of his staff will return a phone call quickly.  I can't say enough about how wonderful my experience has been at his office.  Cancer is hard but he makes it &quot;not so bad&quot;.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
43	1	He changes staff faster than most people change underwear and this set of staff is slow as molasses and do not do much work for patient and pass responsibility off ... he is not a hands on doctor 	1	1	3	4 	Insurance:Aetna
43	-1	 	5	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
43	-1	Wow, this doctor did not help me one bit, in fact I left his office crying because he was so rude to me. His staff was very nice but he treated me like I was a drug seeker even with my MRIs showing proof I have back problems. I had previously been taking lortabs, a pretty mild pain pill in my opinion and I was treated like I was a drug addict! I do NOT recommend this guy at all. 	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	very happy with maria garza she work front desk, she will go beyoung her control to help you out. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	Dr Rezai is a great doctor.  His staff leaves much to be desired, especially the front desk, but if you look past that, you will be glad you did.  He is the most helpful considerate doctor I've ever had.  Even when he tells me something I don't want to hear, I know he is looking out for my best interest.  I now take my son to him too for pediatric care.  	2	3	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
43	1	Very efficient.  Let's you understand why he recommends a particular treatment. 	3	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	Dr. Rezaei is so nice!  He makes you feel comfortable and he cracks jokes all the time.  He really cares about his patients and takes the time to answer all your questions.  His staff (mainly the nurses) can be a little rude sometimes.  Even my husband loves him, and he has a general dislike for doctors.  	3	1	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
43	1	he is a very nice, helpful man who cares deeply for his patients. he must be a great doctor because even my kids like him! 	5	3	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
44	1	very helpful 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
45	1	. Dr Riley and staff are absolutely wonderful!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
46	1	Started to see him when he had a practice in Stillwater.  He was very friendly and knew what he was doing.  When his practice moved to Oklahoma City I followed him instead of a different neurologist.  	5	5	5	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
46	-1	Extremely unprofessional and no bedside manner, complete waste of time 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
46	-1	He is very rude. I have had questions about medications and recurrance of seizures and have not found him willing to spend time with me discussing options. I had a regular followup scheduled with him and had two seizure even though I am taking medication perscribed by him. I was upset that seizures were still happening. I addressed by concerns with him. He became upset and said I have to be responsible for my own care and got up and left the room and refused to treat me. My last seizure was at work and I was taken to the hospital. He was called and refused to see me then too. I feel like a doctor that is responsible for people who are having seizures should be willing to spend some time with patients, not just in and out to get insurance. I have learned more from the internet than from him.  		1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
47	-1	ive been in and out of her office for 6 months now with the same problem. she sent me to have all these weird tests done that had nothing to do with the problems i was having, which then caused my ins company to drop me. i dont reccoment her to anyone. she couldnt care less about her patients.  	 9/2/10	3	2	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
47	-1	Dr. Reinhard has never remembered me.  I have been seeing her for 2 years now, and asks ME what meds I am on, always asks me over and over why I am there, and what is in my history.  It is like she is too overbooked to remember me.  I never feel like I have been treated with respect or concern, I feel like a number on a wheel.  If she would just once, say, hi ______, how you feeling since this or that happened, maybe I would trust her and keep her.  However, she doesn't.  She doesn't know me from Adam, even though I have been to see her at least 20 times.  I ask for a review of my medicine, as I am on managed meds per a hospitalization, she asks me what I want her to do.   I am changing doctors as when I was hospitalized a second time, she never even came to see me, after I told the ER to notify her that they were admitting me.  If my family doctor won't make a hospital visit, they need to get a new profession.  	1	3	2	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
47	1	Dr.  Reinhard was my doctor for 23 years and was never anything but the best! I've moved away now and am searching for a new doctor and I miss her so much! Would recommend her to ANYONE!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
47	1	She has been my doctor for five years.  Never rushes through the appt.  Very willing to refer you on to another doctor if necessary.  Always a very caring environment from he doctor to her staff.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
47	1	Extremely nice. Very sweet lady. Thoroughly answers questions. Truly cares about her patients.  Absolutely wonderful! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
48	1	If you can get past the receptionists, you will have a wonderful experience with Dr. Raczkowski.  He is just the doctor you need with dealing with &quot;embarrasing&quot; topics.  He puts you at ease and is very very funny.  He apologizes when he's late!  I would never let anyone I care for see a different Gastroenterologist.  However, those girls at the front desk are NOT helpful.  Forget calling.  You will hear back at least 24 hours later and they won't be able to answer the questions you left in the original message.  They will take your question and call back at least 24 more hours later if you're lucky. 	1	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	If he doesn't know the answer...he'll find it for you. He is very friendly & willing to help in anyway possible. His nurse is very friendly & always helping. He uses traditional methods of medicine. He doesn't make you feel uncomfortable at all.  Would recommend him to anyone!!! 		5	5	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	1	Very strait forward knows what he is doing! I used him and a surgeon, Dr. Chris Davis out of Integris in Okc to remove my large intestine and rectum.  Yes I would do it again and highly recommend the two of them! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
48	1	Good doc, very knowledgable. Getting through the gatekeepers at his office is a nightmare. When you have questions, the Nurses/receptionists in his office are less than helpful, but he is a good doctor and I'd recommend him. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
48	1	Dr Raczkowski is a very kind, caring and friendly doctor. He has a wonderful personality. He is also very good and is very thorough. He really talks to you and explains things if you don't understand something.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
49	1	Dr Reese is awesome, can fit you in anytime you need, and staff is wonderful 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
49	1	Dr Reese is a young, knowledgeable doctor who cares about his community. For the short time we have been going to him we have seen him donate his services to the workers of Extreme Makeover Home Edition, and have occasional free or discounted days for established patients. The latest of these was Aug. 17 where payment for an adjustment was $5 or more of school supplies to be donated to the needy. Dr Reese's caring attitude puts us at ease when it comes to having someone adjust your back (or other areas). If you are looking for a chiropractor, we highly recommend Dr.  Heath Reese! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
50	1	He is a very compassionate and knowledgable physician. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
50	0	Raza wanted me to see him once a month regardless if I was in a flare up or not.  He ordered unnecessary blood work and told me I couldn't get Imuran unless I did what he said. 	3	2	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	It was through an EGD that Dr. Raza found that I had cancer in the entire lining of my stomach.  He did a very good job of breaking the bad news to me.  I have since been back for follow up EGD testing and it has always been a favorable experience. He puts me at ease, and I appreciate his bedside manner.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	-1	This doctor wanted to run me through $2000 worth of tests which my insurance doesn't cover and I am not even having any symptoms!  When I told him no he refused to write me a prescription for medication that I need for my Crohn's disease, if I don't get it I get very sick.  He is also refusing to be my doctor because I don't have enough money to pay for the tests.  I was a new patient and my doctor from Illinois even said I didn't need all those tests.  I went to another doctor and he also said I didn't need all those tests.  I feel like I was being scammed.  Also very terrible behavior from his office staff.  	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
51	1	I have had two experiences with Dr. Rivera.  The first was with my daughter for a well-baby check-up.  We arrived 15 minutes early, and proceeded to wait 45 minutes until we were seen (30 minutes past appointment time.)  The intake nurse was very curt.  Dr. Rivera was very pleasant and willing to answer any questions that I might have had.  Overall, it wasn't a bad experience.  A few weeks later, my son developed an ear infection.  Because we hadn't seen the doctor previously, we had to have a longer appointment which wasn't available until 4 days later.  After a few probing questions, I found out that I could show up and hang around the waiting room to see if a space opened up.  The intake nurse was still curt, and Dr. Rivera was good with my son.  (He doesn't like people looking in his ears or taking medicine when sick.) 	4	2	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
52	-1	She kept switching my medications and did not give my body a chance to get off a medication. she is very nice but just wants to give medication and not find a solution to the issue 	5	5	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
52	1	I have been very happy with this doc and was disappointed when she left the area. Personally, I would rather be referred to a specialist and find nothing wrong than to not be referred to one when I did need to. This doc was responsible for finding my father's cancer when another doctor misdiagnosed it several times. This doc listened to what I had to say rather than diagnosing me the second I walked into the room and took my feelings and wishes into consideration. 		5	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
52	0	Have had a couple of experiences with this doctor, and both times she has over reacted and sent me to see specialists when I didn't need to go. One good thing is you can always get in to see her as she has a poor patient base. 		4	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
53	1	Dr. Reeder sorted trough a very difficult case for my husband, who had a number of undiagnosed physical problems causing a lot of pain.  He made sure we knew what was going on, he consulted other doctors for my husband.   His staff coordinated appointments with other specialists, MRIs, x-rays, labs, all without me lifting a finger, and they scheduled them in an orderly, thoughtful manner so we weren't wasting time driving all over the City.  Dr. Reeder preformed a six hour surgery on my husband, and there has never been a problem.  Dr. Reeder, and his staff, continue to impress my husband and I with the care and knowledge they show us on every visit.   I recommend them to anyone! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
53	-1	THIS DOCTOR IS VERY opinionATED IN YOUR MEDICAL RECORDS HE MOVES AROUND AND DOESNT CONTACT HIS PATIENTS. 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
54	1	I saw this dentist with pain in my right lower jaw. After exam and xrays, he diagnosed two possible problems, both hving to do with an old crown. I went with one of the options and he removed the crown, treated the tooth with the most pain free and fastest root canal I've ever had, and was able to reuse the old crown that was still useful and intact. I have had no problems since then (3 months asgo), and I've told everyone about his office and his expertise. He knows what he's talking about and will give the highest quality treatment. I referrd a friend to him who was considering implants and four crowns on her front teeth. He did beautiful work, and her new smile has made her so happy. I would recommend Dr. Reville to anyone. He is definitely worth the drive to his office where you will get outstanding care. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
54	-1	I saw this dentist twice. I had one painful tooth that had been painful for 10 yrs and others that needed filling due to cavities or lost fillings. He said my painful tooth only needed a replacement filling and that it was probably leaking and causing the pain. He replaced it and another filling just above it with white fillings. He did 2 teeth, total. That night, I was screaming in pain, holding a heating pad to my face, and considering going to the emergency room. The pain was SOOOOOOOOOO bad. When he heard this, he said he'd never heard of such a thing before and refused to touch me again. Now those two teeth he filled can't tolerate any amount of heat or cold, I can't even use a cold toothbrush on them, and that 10 yr old pain problem is 10 times worse because of the sensitivity. I can only chew on my left side now. Anthing chewy or hard on the right side sends me into tears. I'd consider either avoiding this dentist or avoiding white fillings. Not sure which was the problem. 	 12/17/07	3	3	3	Insurance:Unknown
55	-1	 	3	3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
56	0	After trying to get Dr. Reina to get in touch with our P.Dr. when my husband had 3 strokes in one day,he was uncaring as far as I could see. He did finally call me to see what was going on with my husband, he gave him an appt. on a certain date, but failed to tell the staff. He was put on a &quot;work him in list&quot; and we waited 3.5 hours before seeing him and that was after my husband got the wrong nurse to complain to. Dr.Reina &amp; his nurse heard what was happening and came right in. He did apologize for being late but also complained that he drank his coffee too fast, while flipping thru my husbands chart. I reminded him he didn't call our Dr.after the strokes, and he had stopped a med. that was doing no good. With that he placed the folder on the table,walked toward the door and said that &quot;Charles, down in that little town could handle it and we wouldn't have to drive so far, and that he could come back &quot;if&quot; he was needed. NEVER will I subject my husband to him again.  	4	1	3	3 	Insurance:Medicare
56	-1	I've been going to him for 1 year and 2 months for severe migraines and he has treated me with only one prevention drug that does not work.  I've told him repeatedly it does not work.  He seems more interested in telling me about Castro's Cuba than treatment.   I've had 2 MRI's, one EEG, and 6 exams.   Not one drug to combat my severe migraines which curl me up on a bed.  The only benefit here is his pocketbook.  	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
56	1	I love this doctor.  He's great...but I tend to have to wait 2+ hours for appointment...He's always late...and when I mentioned this and that I might want my records to try a different doctor, he got nasty.  I couldn't belive it.  I left because I refuse to be treated like that no matter HOW GOOD a doctor is...which is sad because He is Good.  I have MS by the way 	3	1	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
56	1	Dr. Reina is abolutely the best doctor.  My husband has Myasthenia Gravis.  The usual medications were not working.  Dr. Reina knows his medicine, he started my husband on a new medication for this desease and it has made a world of difference for the better.  The side effects of the usual medication labeled for treatment of this desease is worse than the actual desease.  Dr. Reina has always been kind, sympathetic and just a phone call away when we could not get to the office.  He has never made any rude or hateful remarks even when we were at our lowest emotional and financial level with this desease. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
56	-1	My Grandmother was seen by him more then a few times , he would not listen to what she had to say about what was wrong . He just hurryed her up because he had to go get his daughter from school .On another visit he kept leaveing to answer his cell phone. He put her on meds that she did not need and that made her feel sick all the time . He pretty much told her she was a lost cause and that he would not see her anymore .  	2	2	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
56	1	Great Doctor. Knows his stuff. After 9 years of suffering with a head injury from a motorcycle, he was the only doctor able to help me. Thank you DR Reina. Very good bedside manner, he did not rush through any office visits or exams like other doctors.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
56	1	I had been to six specialists in eight months and they had no clue what was wrong. All my muscles colapsed my throat closed up and i lost sixtyfive pounds and couldn''T walk. he was my last resort prefered to him by another doctor. he saw me the next day and it took him fifteen minutes to realise I had Myasthenia Gravis.If it hadn''t been for him I would have died. S some people might not like him but I think he is one of the best doctors in his field. I thank God for him everyday. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
56	-1	Told me I was better off dead, when I tried to explain things to him,he stated that he had pizza delievery coming. Said he won't do anymore to help me because I can't afford it, (meds or surgery) Said I ow his a cazgillion dollars I owe him $640.oo Arrogant creep! 		3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
57	1	Very knowledgeable, offered advice on some issues that came up while conversing my med. history that I had'nt considered.  	4	4	5	4 	Insurance:Veterans Administration
57	1	Dr. Rau has never been rude. She is very up front.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Veterans Administration
57	-1	Rude .... &quot;talks down&quot; to patient.......  		4	1	3 	Insurance:Veterans Administration
58	1	Very good doctor. She delivered my twins and I don't think anyone could have done any better. Very friendly during office visits and provided plenty of information for my pregnant wife who always had a hundred questions.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
58	1	Dr.Rivera was wonderful, this was my first female doctor and to tell the truth I was very comfortable She preformed an out patient procedure and she was kind, and most of all well knowledgeable. I would recommend her to any female looking for a good OBGYN.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
58	-1	I saw Dr. Rivera during my second and fourth pregnancies and was really disapointed.She isn't natual childbirth friendly and very medical/inducing minded doctor.  	4	3	1	2 	Insurance:Tricare
59	1	Dr Ring isn't afraid to admit when he doesn't know whats wrong with you and to send you to another dr. He also is open to you bringing information to him about your condition to further help him in making a diagnosis.  Very friendly, helpful staff 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
60	-1	This guy does not know what he is doing.  He made my pain worse and then treated me like it was my fault.   I wouldnt send my dog to this so called doctor 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
61	1	All dr Rahe staff made me fell like I was the only patient they had to work with.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
61	1	Dr. Rahe or his staff was on call 24/7 and I felt like he cared as much about me as if I was a family member. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
61	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
62	1	Dr. Reisig was AMAZING for all 4, yes 4 of my chidlren's births!!!  She is now retired but for those 2 horrible, negative comments, I know you're lying and just took something completely out of context.  You are already unhappy people who just care about themselves.  Dr. Reisig was an awesome woman of God and an amazing doctor.  Her staff was excellent as well. Thanks again Dr.  Reisig for all you did for me and my children! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
62	1	Dr. Reisig is an AMAZING doctor who I feel is (or was...She retired August 2009) in the medical field for all the right reasons. I am very partial to Mercy hospital and wanted to deliver there, I filed for medicaid and had a hard time finding someone who would schedule an appt for me since I hadn't received my card yet. They were very accepting and got me in with just my case number. The staff was amazing and I grew to love them all. I had a miscarriage at 6 weeks but didn't find out until 12 weeks and the amount of support I received from EVERYONE there was phenomenal, the nurse made it appoint to call me the next day after the news and make sure I was OK. I had a D&C; and Dr. Reisig made me feel so comfortable, like a different post before mine, she stood by me and rubbed my arm as they were preparing me and constantly kept reassuring me that she was going to take good care of me and everything would be alright. Everything went fine and I'm so thankful for everything they did for me.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
62	-1	Would not recommend.  My son almost died because she didn't want to come in to do a c-section.  	4	4	1	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	1	I love Dr. Reisig! She is a sweet, gentle and very caring doctor! Pretty hard to find these days... She guided me with her strong belief in God and really made me feel loved. I have worked in the medical feild for a while. To the sad women who wrote the poor review, You are a typical SOONERCARE patient. Where I work we have more problems with these people than anyone. Nothing is ever good enough for them. So listen girl stop being so negative and realize you didnt pay hardley anything for your exams, labor, nothing! We the citizens who have non state funded insurance payed for you! So in the future, get some quality insurance and maybe then if your expiernce is SO bad you can complain.  And Im sure your baby is just fine! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	1	Wow, I had a completely different experience with Dr. Reisig. I had my son 3 years ago and she delivered him. I loved her and all her staff. I had a c section and she was in the room when they were prepping me. She was holding me while they administered the spinal block. The nurse usually does this. A nurse offered to hold me and she said no, she would do it. She just sat there with me rubbing my arm and comforting me. I never experienced any rudeness or inexperience from her or her staff. I still use her for my regular yearly exams and still experience a friendly, courteous, and knowledgeable staff.  		4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
62	-1	Dr. Reisig was horrible. She was lazy to the point of refusing to check me for pre-eclampsia, for which I later ended up in the ER. Her office manager is rude, the nurses are nice, but not enough to convince me to stay with a dr. who I am so wholly unsatisfied with. She would not answer questions I had and it would take her days to get back to me sometimes, if at all. This is not my first child, and she acted like I was a complete idiot. I am entirely dissatisfied with the level of care I received from her. I called to get my triple screen results and were told they were fine. At my next appt, was told that I tested positive for Down's. This was not explained to me until I followed up with Dr. John Stanley (who is wonderful), and he was able to ease my fears. She then called me a week after my appt with Dr. Stanley to tell me I'd tested positive and needed to go see him. Um, hello&#63; I already did that. Totally unsatisfied. 		3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	I just wanted to say how wonderful I think Dr. Ramos and his staff are. They have always been very helpful when I call and Dr. Ramos always takes his time and listens he really makes you feel important . 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
63	1	Dr. Ramos is great.  He always gets me in quickly.  His staff always help when I call.  I have never had to wait to be seen.  I never feel like he is rushing to see his next patient.  He sits down and really wants to know how you are doing.  I can always get in to see him within a week and a lot of times the next day.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Tricare
63	1	Dr. Ramos is great.  He sits down and spends time with us and answers all our questions.  You don't feel like a number when you're in his office.  We've been twice, and both times his office was empty.  The facility is a little old and worn looking, but don't let that turn you away.  He has excellent bedside manners, which is very hard to find these days.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
64	1	Not very outgoing, but helpful and thorough. Be sure to take a list of questions with you as he is always short for time. 	 5/10/09	4	3	4	Insurance:Unknown
65	1	this is one of the kindest dr my husband and i have had since we got married he is honest and kind dr.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
66	1	Paid cash because I had dermal filler injections which aren't covered by insurance. At first, I was only going to let her do my chin, but when I saw how great of a job she was doing, I let her do my whole face and I love the result! Subtle but good! She seemed unsure with the needle, even a little nervous, but I think it was because Id told her what a horrible experience I'd had with a maxillofacial surgeon in Houston who left me facially disfig'd for 12 yrs, and she didn't want to do that to me again. So she was extra careful and asked if I was okay each time she injected me. So, it turned out, I went in for a new patient dental exam and, instead, left $650 lighter with a new cosmetic procedure, lol. But Dr. Ramadan was very nice and sweet and I enjoyed every minute of the 2 hours I spent with her. I plan to go back to her southside office for my cavity and missing filling, and my husband will be going to her too, for a Snap On Smile.  	5	4	5	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
67	1	. great caring doctor, very informative, very helpful staff 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
67	-1	 	1	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
68	1	Dr Rattan is the BEST dentist I've ever been to. She is very knowledgable, serves on nation-wide boards, is compassionate, and has a true heart for helping people. I would recommend her to anyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	1	Dr. Riggs is a very attentive and knowledgable doctor.  He listens to what you say and explains what he is going to do and why.  I would highly recommend him to anyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	1	Been With Dr. Riggs for many years Followed him from When he was at Chickasha. I go where he goes. When you find a doctor you like you stick with him.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	1	Very professional, personable and respectful of patients as well as knowledgeable about my condition. I have been to many doctors in OK & TX because of chronic illness, and he is one of my favorites. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
70	-1	. Inhumane 	4	3	1	2 	Insurance:Workers Comp
71	1	Overall a good experience each time even though I hate going to the dentist. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
71	1	Great office and staff! Highly recommed! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
72	-1	 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	Talented professional truly dedicated to the medical profession and patient care. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
73	1	very good and thorough doctor.  we have used him for several years and his staff is always friendly 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
74	1	A top surgeon who is compassionate and extremely good at what he does.  Sometimes, due to emergencies, he is late for regular appointments but having him take care of your needs is way more important than time.  Without hesitation I would recommend him as the best surgeon in OK.  He saved my life.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
74	1	Dr. Randolph did my father's quad bypass and saved his life. He has a wonderful bedside manner, talks with the family after the surgery, explains everything. The Oklahoma Heart Hospital to excellent. Once you have been there you will see that no other hospital comes close to them. The care that my father received was unbelievable. They cater to not only the patient but also the family. Dr. Randolph answered my questions after I took my Dad home and it was 4:00 a.m. and I called the hospital and Dr. Randolph called me back immediately and told me the answers to my questions. I know that he is been given a talent by God to save lives.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
75	1	Dr. Rau is a wonderful doctor. I was very ill 14 years ago and no one seem to help me.  A friend told me to go see him and I was amazed.  He saved my life..I told my medial doctor what he found and what to do and I got better, the medical Doctor told me to keep doing what he said.  They could not help me...He gets to the root of the problem...if you do what he ask you to do, you will get the results you are looking for. Gone to him many times and will continue...tell your friends...Thanks Dr. Rau 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
75	1	Wonderful Doctor being going to him for 10yrs.Takes time with you and has a great sense of humor. 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
76	1	I really love this Doctor.  He is very nice and the staff was wonderful. My last Dentist was so bad that I have to have everything re-done. Dr. Recknagel did a very good job of explaining what needs to be done and the cost.  They turned everything into insurance and I have had no problems. His office is very high tech and he has the best of equipment. I can relax and watch TV while he works on my teeth. They broke everything down to a treatment plan that works for me. They also check to make sure that insurance is covering each trip before I go in. That way no surprise.  Also he is very good at getting right in to take care of me.  The staff is awsome!  They treat me like a queen. Keep up the good work! I am very blessed to have found you! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
76	-1	Couldn't be more disappointed! For my first visit to Dr. Recknagel's office I showed up 10 minutes early for my appointment. I knew I would have to fill out many forms since this was my first visit. After handing in my forms, before my appointment time started, I sat in the waiting room, unacknowledged for 45 minutes. Finally, I asked the receptionist when the doctor would be ready. She said she would find out, then let me know. A few minutes later, she told me they were cleaning a room for me. About 10 minutes later a dental assistant called me back to the exam room. There I started the waiting process again. After an hour of this I left. Obviously, Dr. Recknagel is an amateur and should be working for someone else (where he can be supervised) rather than owing his own business. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
77	-1	Dr. Riddle was very attentive to my probable gallbladder issue, then promptly took me off of Westhroid and put me on a very low dose of generic Levothyroxine.  He also tried to prescribe Paxil for depression (for gallbladder&#63;&#63;&#63;). I told him no thanks. Six weeks later I was starting to have worsening hypothyroidism symptoms, so he upped my dose of Levo and told me natural thyroid is no good.  I continued a downward hypo spiral with the Levo. I stopped taking it and made an appointment with an integrated medicine doctor.  Dr. Riddle also told me that taking vitamin B and other vitamins really wouldn't help.   He's probably a good doctor for general health, but he's not up-to-date on thyroid treatment. The research he quotes is about 10 years old. I'm guessing that's what he was taught in medical school and has not bothered to read current research.  	4	5	2	2 	Insurance:Aetna
78	1	I have been a patient for almost 20 years. During those years Dr. Rapacz has referred me to other doctors if the need was there. He also has diagnosed me with ailments before we even had the tests done. When my youngest daughter had Lyme Disease other doctors thought it was Rocky Mountain Fever. Yet Dr. Rapacz didn't agree so she had extra tests that other doctors hadn't ordered. Because of Dr. Rapacz she was put on the correct medication to treat her disease. I  often recommend Dr. Rapacz to others who end up loving him. I wouldn't see anyone else.  	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	1	I was his patient for years and finally found another doctor because I felt as though he was pushing prescription after prescription at me rather than finding the root cause of the problem.  In fact, I questioned him about seeing a specialist and once I did he readily agreed. I also saw him repeatedly treat my grandchildren for recurring ear infections rather than referring them to an ear, nose, throat specialist; my daughter finally had to ask him. Once the ENT put tubes in their ears their problems were resolved. I think he is a good man but there is no shame in referring  patients to a specialist if a health problems are resolved or is recurring.  Who wants to live their life shoving pills down their throat if a specialist can take of the problem&#63; 	5	5	2	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
78	0	Good doctor; however when seeing him repeatedly for the same problem, i.e. sinus infections, heartburn, ear infections, etc., it seems as though he is over willing to prescribe differnet medications rather than refer the patient to a specialist to determine what the core cause of the problem is. I felt like I was having drugs pushed at me rather than finding out what was causing the problem. A long time ago, a very good family doctor told me that it didn't bother him at all to refer his patients to a specialist if he was not successfully treating the problem. Dr. Rapacz would do well to do the same.  	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
79	1	I would recommend Dr. Reynolds to anyone  with back problems.  He has listened to my husband's every word.  He cares and returns his phone call every time. Degrenerative Disc diease is something that you deal with constantly and we have been with Dr. Reynolds for 10 years and have been very satisfied.  Sondra is always very nice to deal with also.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
79	1	Second Neurosurgon I've seen.  More informational than previous.  Appears ready to correct complete problem regardless of insurance desires.  Very caring.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
79	1	Actually listened to everything I told him. Immediately requested MRI's of all areas involved with my injury, and also referred me to another specialist for the injury that is not in his area of specialty. Very knowledgable about the Worker's Comp process, and very helpful in getting me back to normal and back to work as soon as possible. I was also impressed with his compassion and honesty. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
79	-1	Operated on the wrong side 		1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	Dr Rainwater has always been great i will never go to another eye doctor as long as he is around. His prices are great and his service is great. My better half was going to another eye doctor and now we will both be going to Dr. Rainwater he is the best and I don't have eye insuranse and he is very reasonible my overall rating he is the best...Thanks 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	Dr. Rainwater is definitely the best Optometrist I have ever been to.He is also a very personable doctor. His staff if wonderful and helpful too. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	Dr. Rainwater is so efficient and educated.  He is thorough and very kind.  I live in OKC and still drive to Tulsa to see him and have done that now for 23 years.  I love his thoughtfulness and gentleness.  He is a great guy.  Worth it! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	I love Dr. Rainwater.  I can't say the same about his staff.  The lady in his office is quite rude and seems put off if she has to do something extra.  The lady in the eyeglass area is okay....I paid a decent chunk of money for my son's glasses and help wasn't really offered on picking out a pair or ideas.  He wasn't &quot;fitted&quot; and when it came time for them to come in I had to call I never received a call when they came in.    I would go back only because of him but I will not be ordering my glasses from there again 	2	3	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
80	1	I can't imagine not going to any other optometrist. Dr. Rainwater SAVED my husband's eyes when my husband started to see floaters and he immediately knew the urgency when my husband's eye was in trouble and called a specialist that same day. Thank you Dr. Rainwater for the dedication and service you provide to your patients. And, I could not be more thankful for your patience with me and my contact lens fittings...you are definitely the best.  	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
80	1	Dr. Rainwater is absolutely the best eye doctor in Tulsa.  He was originally recommended to me years ago by one of the top eye surgeons in Tulsa.  He is very thorough and extremely knowledgable.   I highly recommend him to everyone! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
80	1	He has helped me in the past when others could not.  I am foever grateful.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:MVP Health
80	1	My husband and I have been patients of Dr. Rainwater since 1988 or 1989.  He and his staff are always caring and courteous.  Dr. Rainwater is always up to date on the latest information for eye care.  He is very thorough in his eye exams and, if needed, will give a referral to an ophthalmologist.  When we have vision insurance, his staff takes care of all the details and approvals.  That is absolutely wonderful!  Dr. Rainwater goes above and beyond the call of duty.  On the two occasions my husband and I had after hours eye injury emergencies, Dr. Rainwater quickly treated us without hesitation.  My husband and I can not express in words our gratitude for the excellent care Dr. Rainwater and his staff has given us over the years.  We can not fathom having anyone else caring for our vision. 	 5/23/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	Dr Rainwater is the very best Eye Doctor in Tulsa! Been going to him for many years! David and Donna Long 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	I've been going to Dr. Rainwater for 18 years. I have not been able to go in as regularly as I should...but no matter how long it's been they remember my name and what I was doing last time I was there. I LOVE THEM! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	He is really a very good, helpful doctor. Pleasant personality. Feels good when you go to him for checkup. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	Our doctor for 25 years! Great service!We recommend him to all our friends and they have been pleased with his service also. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	I cannot recall how many years I have gone To Dr. Rainwater, at least twenty. He exemplifies the best of the standard of patience and heartfelt care that any doctor should have and so few do it seems. One can tell over time his well deserved respect from his patients comes from his consistency  of routine, lifestyle, living in truth, and care for others  fed by a high intellect of almost rote recall to any of his patients situations far beyond that of their eye care. It's nice when ones professional acquaintances are of the quality  they would chose for a personal friend. Dr Rainwater is a unique gem. Im fortunate to have such a genuine individual as a service provider to my health. As a testimony to his service my move away from Tulsa to Oklahoma City will not change my utilization of  his services.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
80	1	I have been seeing Dr Rainwater since I was 12 years old and I always go back.  Love him!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	I would and have highly recommended Dr. Rainwater to everyone.  He is very patient, knowledgeable and his prices are very reasonable. I have been a patient of his for 20 years. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	Dr. Rainwater is a fantastic eye doctor. He not only knows what he is doing, but he goes out of his way to make sure that you are happy. I tried on so many pairs of trial contact lenses I must have driven him crazy, but he never charged me and remained determined to help me find the right thing for my eyes. I highly recommend him! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	Dr. Rainwater is fantastic. I've been seeing him since I was 17 (26 years) and absolutely love him. He is very kind,caring, and listens to you. He helps in every way he can. His staff is terrific too! I recommend him to everyone. I cannot imagine going anywhere else. He explains different treatments and helps you find specialists if you need them. I cannot say enough about him. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	I have been going to Dr. Rainwater since High School. He explained every thing he was doing, he would give me a minute if things were too overwhelming. I got my first pair of glasses at the age of 15 and he was able to get me over the trauma of now having to wear glasses. I trust him so much with my eyes, that even after my insurance changed, (and it didn't cover him) I still returned as a Self Pay. That should really say something. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	dR rAINWATER HAS BEEN MY EYE DOCTOR FOR 13 YEARS. HIS STAFF IS ALWAYS FRIENDLY AND HELPFUL. i HAVE GOTTEN BOTH CONTACTS AND GLASSES FROM HIM- ONLY ONCE IN 13 YEARS DID MY RX FOR MY GLASSES WERE A LITTLE OFF. gREAT DOC 		5	5	4 	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	Dr. Rainwater is by far the best and friendliest eye doctor I have ever seen. He does excellent work!!! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
80	1	Dr. Rainwater is a very patient doctor and does whatever he can to insure great eye health. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	Dr. Rhodes was great!  I had implants to lock in my dentures and I can finally eat again!  He did such a wonderful job.   I've had dentures for years and have had many dentist make new sets over and over.  They were always loose and rubbing, especially the lower ones.  I couldn't eat the things I wanted to and was always embarressed they would come out while I was speaking with someone.  This had really destroyed my self-confidence over the years.  I used to be an outgoing person but became more and more self conscious.  I did 4 implants on the lower jaw and 4 on the top jaw.  Dr. Rhodes was able to remove all the stuff from the roof of the top denture so it was shaped like the lower denture.  That was Wonderful.  I can taste food again and don't have such a mouthful of that pink denture stuff, feels natural.  A couple of days after I had the work done I decieded to put them to the test;  I went and had a steak!!!  It tasted so good and the dentures DIDN'T MOVE!  No more soup for me!!! 	 10/25/11	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
81	-1	I paid up front ($12,000.00) to Dr Rhodes for his services.. when his surgery on my implants and new teeth didn't fit or work out, he became very defensive and said he could fix them, but he never did...Dr. Rhodes wanted me to pay again for services that I had already paid for and he  became very arrogant.  I am now looking for another dentist to try and fix the problems that Dr. Rhodes has caused me and hopefully I will be able to eat without all the pain i am having now.  I would not recommend Dr Rhodes to anyone that needs implants or dentures. 	 1/7/11	3	3	1	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	Great experience.  Didnt have any pain.  They were less expensive than my previous dentist. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
81	1	I liked Dr. Rhodes and his staff, they were very nice. I was told by the office staff that my insurance would cover most of the mouth guard I was getting.. 4 months later I get a bill for over $600. While having a cleaning and some cavities filled, my face was burned causing a dime sized scab and a scar afterward. I will give them a decent rating for their niceness, but I personally will not be going back. 	3	3	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
81	-1	Seemed to want to replace all my teeth that had fillings with tooth caps.  After getting a second opinion from another dentist after my first round of tooth replacements from Dr Rhodes I switched dentists 		5	1	3 	Insurance:Delta Dental
82	0	Getting this office to return phone calls regarding test results is like pulling teeth.  	3	1	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
82	1	Being myself a doctor all i have to say BLESSED r those pts who have  him as their doctor He is simply the BEST 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	My wife started with Dr. Reinking over 25 years ago and thought he was the best.  I started a few years later and totally agreed. He is the BEST. Once you get into the exam room there is not a loooong wait. And then he is totally with you, not thinking about any thing else.  He is friendly, knowledgeable, and listens well.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
82	1	very professional. always gives us the attention and prescribed care that we need. my wife and i agree that he is the best primary doctor that we have had. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
82	1	Speaks in terms that let you understand what he is talking about.  Very focused on YOU and not the patient waiting in the next room! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
82	1	I've been through several doctors and he's the very best. He works at Springer Clinic in Tulsa and is extraordinarily well respected by his peers. The problem is ... he has a full patient load, so you may have to wait for someone to check out. 		4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
83	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
84	-1	I definitely do not recommend Dr. Ripperger. I have seen him for over ten years and he hasn't helped my condition one bit.  He doesn't seem to understand how truly debilitating anxiety can be. He doesn't even seem concerned.  I think he's behind the times in regard to the fast pace of medical science and discoveries.  The receptionists are wonderful and always cheerful. 	5	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
84	-1	This doctor totally lacks empathy.  He does not seem to care  about the people who pay out the wazoo to see him.  He refuses to refill meds even one day early or provide samples (although he has a whole closet full of samples.  Maybe he uses them himself&#63;).  He treats patients as though they are dishonest or otherwise not telling him the truth.  (For example, he left the session to have his staff make calls to verify what I was telling him on Nov 11, 2010.  What I had told him WAS verified and he still treated me as though he didn't believe me).  He is arrogant and an egomaniac.  Although he is fully aware of my very limited resources (no income and no insurance) he demands weekly therapy sessions and lab tests which make treatment extremely difficult.  When I start to tell of my difficulties, his eyes kinda glaze over and he yawns.  If this is the kind of doctor you desire, he is the one for you!!!!  I must say, his staff are kind and considerate, but don't last very long. 	5	4	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	This is one of the best doctors I have ever seen. I am not sure about the others who have commented here but I imagine they couldn't be pleased with anybody, think about it, they are pysch patients, probably crazy.  The staff is punctual, the doctor is ALWAYS on time. He listens to me, cares about me, and provides me exactly with what I need. I believe this doctor truly cares about me and my health. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
84	-1	This is the worst psychiatrist I have ever visted. Charged against my credit something I didn't owe and his office manager lied to my face. No reminder calls on appointments. He is not good at handling anyone who is on a budget. He does not listen very well, and effectively gave up on both me and my mother. ALSO: The medicine he prescribed me (lamictal and welbutrin) did help me, to his credit. But he prescribed medicine that raised my diabetic mothers blood sugar and became very dangerous for her. He has been terrible to me and my family and I would never reccommend him. 	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
84	1	Dr. Ripperger tells you like it is.  He is a kind soul and healed my soul as well.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
85	-1	I saw Dr Reed for over 4 years. I found out she discussed my personal information with another patient of hers that I referred her to. I was very disappointed to hear what she said to this person in which all of it was a personal matter and had nothing to do with anything health related. Next was when I went to her with an issue, she prescribes medicine instead of checking into the issue more with testing to find out what is wrong. Finally, you can be explaining details and she will cut you off and tell you to stop, she has no people skills. She treated a family member of mine this way too and now she will never see her again. I wont either. Im not sure what happened to her, I saw her before she moved into her new place and she was one of the best Drs you could ask for but over time, she changed.  	4	4	1	1 	Insurance:CIGNA
85	0	Dr. Reed is friendly and tries to be very helpful.  She obviously cares about her patients.  However, she often is unable to deal with concerns on her own and refers people to specialists far too often, which gets expensive.  When ill, I've had times where she specifically said that I would have to be out of work for 2-3 days, but she was unwilling to give a doctor's note to excuse me from work for more than the day I was actually in her office.  She is good for basic care (ie: kidney infections, ear infections, colds) but frustrating to work with if you have a more complex medical situation. 	5	5	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
85	1	Dr. Reed is very willing to spend the time needed during your appointment.  She never rushes you and you feel like you are very important to her. She is great about following up with you and if she can't figure it out she will send you to someone else. She is like doctors used to be and should be still.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
85	1	Dr. Reed is very personalable, I feel like I know as much about her personal life as she does mine. We discuss kids, life, spouses you name it. I have refered all of my friends to her because she is very thurough. If she doesnt know the answer to something, she will keep hunting until she finds it and isnt afraid to admit when she isnt sure of the answer. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
86	1	I have been Dr. Raine's patient longer than I can remember.  I am very blessed to have a doctor and friend that really cares how I am doing and cares about my future.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
86	1	Dr. Raine is the kind of Doctor that you grow old with.  As a matter of fact, I have been with him over 10 years.  He's great.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
86	1	Great Doctor.  I have recommended to others who agree.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
86	1	I've been seeing him for 5 years and love him! Very hands on and proactive in my care. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	Dr. Rahhal delivered all 4 of my children. He was extremely caring, Great bedside manner, always made time for questions, asked about my kids, absolutely the best doctor and staff I have ever had to deal with. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
87	-1	Very unpleasant man and horrible bed side manner.  Does not care to hear anything you have to say.  His nurse is just as bad.  I do not recommend this doctor to anyone.  No one should have to go through what I did.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
87	-1	Where do I start&#63;! From the first time I met him his bedside manner was HORRIBLE. His staff is rude. His nurse weighed me and said I had gained 12 lbs in a week. When I challenged it, they both got rude and basically told me I was fat but then wanted to run all kinds of tests on me when I miraculously dropped 12 lbs the next week. I left every appointment crying and ended up switching doctors at 37 weeks. Also, he told me my baby was breech and we needed to do a c-section. I asked him to try to turn her and he said &quot;that's just not something I do.&quot; Come to find out when I switched doctors, she WASN'T breech. He caused me all that grief for NOTHING. I think he just wanted to schedule a c-section because it was convenient for him. ALSO, I told him I had been having cramps a LOT at 37 weeks and he told me that he wasn't even going to start checking my cervix until I was 39 weeks. I'd rather have my baby in my own living room than go to him again.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
87	-1	Rude. Impatient.  In a hurry.  Uncaring.  If you're not one of the Debutant Princesses, he'll leave you in a mess.  He left me bleeding for 5 months after my child was born.  His staff told me I was being one of those &quot;worrysome first time mothers&quot;.  It's a good thing I was healthy before my child was born.  I'd be dead.  Dr. Barke ended up fixing his rush job delivery, at my expense and the expense of my health.  His words to the anesthiologist as he left the delivery room: &quot;You can give her anything you want to now, I'm finished.&quot; 	1	2	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	my experience with dr. rahhal was very good. he delivered both of my babies in 2005 and 2007.he very much took care of me when i was delivering and in post-delivery.. the Staff is awesome!..so friendly.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
87	-1	I had went to Dr. Rahhal for my prenatal care and had to change doctors during my 5th month.  I feared that me and my child were not in his best interest.  I was diagnosed with low lying placenta, fibroids and constant fainting spells. He would not sit down long enough to listen to any of my concerns, nor did he provide me any precautions or advise for my issues.  He did not appear to care, like he had no time. I would not trust him with the care of my dog let alone my health. My new doctor has helped my a grat deal and I received treatment that saved my child that Dr. Rahhal may not have provided. I advise to look else where.  He is outdated, uncaring and very untrust worthy. 	4	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	Awesome professional care, very knowledgable.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
87	1	Everyone was very friendly and helpful.  	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Aetna
88	-1	My 4 kids were his patients for the 4 years we lived in Tulsa. During that time, his office staff turned over several times. His personality is vanilla at best and can be condescending. We moved out-of-state and six months later required a signature on a camp form for our teenager stating that he had not been treated for mental illness. I filled out the form and asked Dr. Raley to sign it. He refused until we paid him $25.00. We instead asked a doctor friend to sign the form. I had the same experience as another reviewer here with his office refusing to mail a document unless I provided the stamp. I agree with the RN below who believes Dr. Raley's primary focus is money, not patient care.  	 9/8/11	2	4	1	Insurance:Aetna
88	1	Dr. Raley is great.  He goes through ups and downs just like all humans do.  Main thing is that he knows what he's doing, is good with the kids, is always striving to improve his knowledge and skills, and loves his job.  I'm a peds RN, and looking back at any frustrations I've had over the past 4 years he's been seeing my kids, they've been more with the illness progression than any actions of his.  Parents get sick and tired when their kids are sick and tired.  We will not go to another pediatrician.  My kids know and like him, and my daughter Katelyn loves to go see him, &quot;even if I might get a shot, cause he makes us healthy&quot;.  His website, blog, and portal are completely modern, helpful, and often humorous.  Bottom line, your kids won't want for care with this physician, and you won't have to worry about specialists or second opinions.  He will simply tell you flat out that you need one!  Thanks Dr.  Raley, we appreciate all you do for kids! 	 6/27/11	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
88	-1	.  	4	4	1	3 	Insurance:Aetna
88	1	I stumbled upon Dr. Raley when I had my son 10 years ago.  He was the pediatrician on call for rounds and I have been taking my children to him ever since!  He always remembers the conversations he has had in the past with my kids and their activities (he still laughs to this day about my son wanting a pig for his birthday one year).  His office is extremely clean and efficient. My kids are not sick a lot, but never fear going in to the doctor because they love him as well.  I keep his office cards with me to give out to expectant mothers....Dr. Raley is a wonderful doctor and I think that others should get to experience the kind of care and compassion he gives to his patients and their families!  Good job Dr. Raley...keep up the good work! 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	I have a teenage daughter who has been seeing Dr. Raley since she was 3 years old.  She loves him.  He makes her feel comfortable when examining her, which becomes more and more difficult the deeper you progress into the teen years.  It impresses me that he can &quot;talk shop&quot; with my daughter about her soccer career.  He seems to always remember their last conversation regardless of how much time has passed since her last visit.  He has always been polite to me.  I never feel rushed when I am in his office.  He seems to have plenty of time to answer any questions I may have.  His staff is very willing to make any dealings I have with them as effortless as possible.  I wish Dr. Raley was a family physician because I would choose him as my personal doctor without a second thought.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
88	1	Before finding Dr. Raley 10 years ago, we had been to four different pediatricians in the Tulsa area. We knew the minute we met Dr. Raley that he would be our kids' doctor until they outgrow him. The office is clean (no nasty, germy toys in the waiting room), efficient (we rarely wait more than 5 minutes), friendly and calm. It feels more like a ski lodge than a cold doctor's office. His nurses are RNs, not LPNs. He has a number of ways you can contact him, including reaching him via text. The response from his office is quick, and often comes from Dr. Raley, himself. He makes himself readily available, even on most Saturdays. It's obvious that the needs of his patients are important to him, and he tries hard to get to know the kids as people, not just patients. His blog is great and informative. We enjoy the personal blog posts, as well as the medical ones.  I have friends who don't use him as a Dr. who read his blog because there is so much good info. there.  5 Star Doctor! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
88	1	Dr. Raley's practice is perhaps the most efficient doctors office you'll ever visit. Despite being a very popular doctor, we've never had to wait more than 5 minutes to see him, and getting an appointment is rarely a problem. He even makes home visits! He is extremely knowledgeable, up on all of the latest research and treatment methods, and great with our kids. My wife is in the medical profession, and we have several doctor and nurse friends that all use and recommend Dr. Raley. We recommend him too.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
88	1	Been using Dr. Raley since my son was born August 2003 and daughter February 2005. He is amazing and wonderful. We have went out of our way to make sure we keep him as a physician during insurance issues in the past. I live 30+ miles from his practice, but he is well worth it. I am surprised at some of these comments, because Dr. Raley is amazing. My children love going to see him. He is patient, knowledgable, talks to me on my lever. Does not overdiagnose or quick to medicate. He has been a huge part of our life.  We love him! - Christy Woods 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
88	-1	Dr. Raley has misdiagnosed my children on more than one occasion.  I think he is just out for office visit money.  It took three visits for him to diagnose the flu last year.  I should have left the practice then, but I didn't.  This year both of my children had strep throat on Christmas.  One because Dr. Raley simply &quot;didn't know&quot; what was wrong.  Even after I mentioned strep throat!!!  My other child was my fault.  When I saw the huge sign on the door that said essentially not to ask about another child, I decided not to ask.  This guy is simply too full of himself.  He is so into himself that he thinks patients enjoy reading about him going to rock concerts and ski vacations.  That is why he keeps his blog.  Now that he has bought into Tulsa Pediatric Urgent Care, he refers you there, so he has free time to blog!  I could deal with all of his arrogance if he knew how to correctly diagnose my children.   The simple things he has missed are scary! 	4	2	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
88	1	My sister and I both take our kids to see Dr. Raley.  He remembers them and their specific issues, is very calm, doesn't over-prescribe antibiotics and engages the kids in a friendly way. Once, when my oldest son was sick at school, he stayed late just to see him the same day!  He has a nice modern office, a good blog and wears scrubs rather than the ole white coat! 	5	5	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	We love love love Dr. Raley. I've never had a complaint in all the years (my oldest is 8 now) we've  been going, other than he's about 25 miles from our home. My kids love him and he always takes time to listen and look at every inch of my children. He has a great memory, asking about my family memebers that used to use him but no longer do due to insurance reasons. He is very good to respond to emails on the weekends also. I just don't have anything negative to say about him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
88	0	i am a nurse at a local hospital and Dr Raley my peditrics dr for 3 years. Looks like lost interest in patients care now it seems like bussiness in his mind more than pt care.  I will not recommend him anymore 	2	3	2	3 	Insurance:Aetna
88	0	moved to tulsa with my doctor husband and 2 kids .Saw dr raley found him extremely arrogant so moved on to different ped. Very happy with the move.  	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
88	1	Awesome doctor & staff. I'm blown away by the way he runs his practice. Love his website/blog (extremely useful info). Feel very comfortable talking to him (he is very approachable & never condescending). My 3 children LOVE Dr. Raley & LOOK FORWARD to going to appointments (unheard of!). 5 stars aren't enough, in my opinion.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
88	1	I like Dr. Raley personally, and he's always considering a number of things in giving my children excellent personalized preventative care.  His web information and site are amazingly helpful.  Staff are pretty nice.  He's promt to reply.  However, I often have to visit multiple times for an illness to finally have my kids well, paying a copay each time.  I feel that followup for the same illness should be free, since the problem wasn't fixed.  He's reluctant to use antibiotics, and basically if he can't see an infection he will say you have a virus.  Then if the kid doesn't improve he says it caused secondary infection.  I believe he should rule out bacterial infections with a simple blood test if the kid is running high fever.  You can miss pneumonia or some inner infections otherwise.  He is always courteous, although I agree with some posters that if you don't go through his process (which is not explained in beginning) of contacting him verbatim, that he gets annoyed and short.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
88	-1	very good with my kids. treated me with disrespect frequently. when I insisted that he treat me with respect, he kicked us out of his practice.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
88	1	My 2 children have been with Dr. Raley's practice since before their birth.  I have always been very pleased with him.  He and his staff are very knowledgeable and helpful.  I would never take my kids to any other ped.  They both adore him and are very comfortable talking to him.  We value him highly.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
88	-1	Took my son in with a rash in his diaper region, he stated that it was a staph infection and that if it got worse at all to contact him immediately. When I got home with my son it was oozing so we called his reaction was to chew us out and ask if we called just to gripe at him, which I did not do until the next day. We went ahead and took our son to an after hours clinic and found out that he only had a yeast infection which has cleared up nicely with some cream. The harsh antibiotics that my son was on did nothing but make him cranky and cause the yeast infection to get worse. I was very impressed with Dr. Raley when we first started using him but after meeting a few people who used him in the past and speaking to his former offices I've found out that I'm not the only one who's had these same issues. He's a wonderful doctor until you say something that rubs him the wrong way for some unknown reason. I can not believe that a doctor would basically run patients off the way that he did. 	 12/22/07	3	5	1	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	Dr Raley and his staff has been a savior for our son Isaiah F.... Thank you 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
88	1	Dr. Raley ROCKS!! - We took or eldest to him while in Tulsa - if only we could find a doc in OKC like Dr. Raley. Knowledgable, Caring, Understanding of the worries of new parents - nothing but wonderful experiences from day one! I enjoyed our visits with him so much I'm now in medical school partially because of him. A great doc! Give him a try you won't miss out.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
88	1	I am a Registered Nurse and my husband is a Physician. A++ care from this office.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
88	1	Dr. Raley has been my 2 (now expecting 3rd :o) children's ped since March 1999. I have never had one complaint about him, his staff or his offices. He always takes to the time to communicate w/ my kids whether it be holding them when they were babies or talking to them about daily activities when they are able to talk. My kids & myself are always very comfortable when in his office. I also feel that Dr. Raley is very thorough & always does ANY testing to find a diagnosis. I am & always have been very happy w/ Dr Raley. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	Dr. Raley has been our physician for four years and even though he has moved further from our home, we willingly drive the extra distance. Dr. Raley has ALWAYS gotten our sons in to see him on the same day when they are ill. He or his nurse has always returned my calls on the same day and usually within the hour. His office staff and nurses are the most pleasant of all the physicians my family sees. He answers my questions in a noncondescending way and offers suggestions and solutions instead of preaching to me. He interacts well with my sons and they seem to enjoy their visits to the doctor as much as they can.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
88	1	Dr. Raley is great with my son. Dr. Raley has taken care of Carter since he was born (march 2006). I really appericiate the kindness he shows my husband and I as well the kindness he shows our son. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	Dr. Raley is very passionate about his work. Very knowledgeble, very thorough, very caring. I will recommend him to everyone 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
88	1	Great doc in the hospital or in the office. I have never been more pleased with office staff, esp. the nurses. I would't take my 5 children to anyone else in the greater Tulsa area. 		5	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
88	0	My son was misdiagnosed-after 4 visits he kept saying my son just had a virus. Went the next day to a different doctor, she had lab done and he had Strep. He does not take the time to accurately diagnose children.  		4	3	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
88	1	I recently switched to Dr. Raley from another Ped. and have been thrilled!!! Very knowledgeable, thorough and helpful. I have been very impressed thru my 6 visits, for 3 kids, over the past 4 months.  		5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
88	1	Dr. Raley is a wonderful pediatrician. He is caring, kind and patient with the children. He never seems rushed and takes a great deal of time with us at each appointment. He is appropriately conservative with treatment, and is never quick to prescribe medication without a true need.  My kids love him! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
89	-1	. I had left my appointment with Dr Ramierz unhappy I waited for 30 min and he was done with me in 5 I had alot of questions I couldnt ask or get answers to because he was in such a hurry to get me out of there, I dont feel comfortable or safe with this dr, 	2	2	2	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
89	1	Dr. Ramirez is an excellent doctor.  He takes the time and care to really find out what your medical issue is all about.  He has a warm personality and very easy to talk to. He is also very knowledgeable and I would definitely recommend him to family and friends.   His staff is also wonderful as well! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
90	-1	Do not use this dentist. He has become driven to make money from insurance and his patients instead of providing quality dental care. He performed costly unecessary procedures on my teeth which lead to infection. The infections caused me to seek help from another dentist. This dentist identified the problems and saved my life.  	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
91	1	She took such good care of my dying mother that i changed my primary care physician to her.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
91	1	She is a wonderful doctor! She's hard to catch but a great doctor.  	2	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
92	1	Dr Ram is a wonderful MD.  I have been going to him for almost 30 years.  I can't remember ever waiting for more than 15 minutes, he listens to you and your concerns, and his manner is very conversational and down to earth.  Not at all arrogant or superior like some doctors.  His examinations are thorough and never rushed.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
92	-1	This man is very unsympathetic and rude. I will never use this doctor again. I had medical records dating back 24 yrs and he acted like I was lying about everything! 	5	3	1	2 	Insurance:Unknown
93	1	Dr. Rapp was extremely receptive and attentive. Took genuine interest and concern in my condition and made the best possible recommendtions for my treatment. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
94	-1	Dr. Ray is very rude and is very unprofessional. He makes patients feel stupid for coming into see him and belittles them on a regular basis. I was just glad to see this site. I know that everyone I talk to in my town feels the same way and it's nice to express it.  We should at least get a smile, afterall, we are paying his salary aren't we&#63; 		3	1	2 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
95	-1	it is impossible to get an appt, u can only leave a message, then they take forever to call back, the office hours are awful, and dr rama doesn't listen to you, instead he interupts you and is rushing to get you out of the office because they are so far behind. 	3	1	1	3 	Insurance:Unknown
95	-1	The doctor was supposed to send med orders to the nursing home where my mom lives.  The home said they never got them.  I called the doctor's office 5 times and left a message to that effect and requested I be called back.  My sister called once and left a message for a return call to me. I never got a return call.  A follow up appointment was made during the initial visit.  When the receptionist called to remind me of the appointment, I asked what was it for and she said so the doctor could see if the meds were helping.  I explained to her what happened and I told her that I was going to pretend that I had never brought my mom to see Dr. Ramakrishnan and to remove her name from their records.  	1	1	1	2 	Insurance:Medicare
96	-1	Very nice man, but as a doctor he is limited. I agree with the person who said use him for BASIC needs only. He knows almost nothing about prescription medication, so don't ask him what to use--TELL him exactly what you need, and why. He's reasonable enough to do as you ask if you know what you want. 		4	2	1 	Insurance:Unknown
96	1	He's a very thorough, methodical dr. We like him very much and trust him implicitely. 		3	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
96	-1	He's a nice enough guy, but he doesn't seem to know a hell of a lot about medicine. Use him for absolutely basic needs only. 		3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
96	-1	 		3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
97	1	 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
98	1	We did IUI with Dr. Reshef he explained everything to us and always answered any questions we had. He was very caring and took the time to talk to us during each visit. His nurse was really friendly and answered messages quickly. I definitely recommend him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
98	1	Dr. Reshef is kind and takes time to explain everything. He is probably the best dr. I have ever seen and would highly recommend him to anyone. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
98	1	At first I was a bit hesitant because we knew nothing about him. We had just moved here from another State and were used our old  doctor. Dr. Reshef met all of our expectations and beyond. One thing that really impressed me aboutbthis Dr. is that he does everything himself from ultrasounds to hsg. Other Dr's usually have third parties do this things for them but not Dr Resehef. Extremely patient, caring, down to earth and knowledgeable. This Dr's is the complete package-look no further. Everyone in his team's very nice except one his front desk staff that really needs to work on her manners.  	3	3	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
98	1	I don't know what I would do without Dr. Reshef. My husband and I travel almost 3 hours to see him. He always answers not only my questions, but my husbands as well. He is very up front and not only cares about getting you pregnant, but your health as well. I do not feel like just another patient. I LOVE Beverly (His Nurse)! She keeps everything on track and she feels like she is truly one of my dearest friends. She is very good about answering questions and getting back to you as soon as she possibly can. She is the best nurse ever! The office is very organized. I have never had to wait over 10 minutes for my appointment. My insurance does not pay for any of my treatment. The first visit was $300 and I've never had to pay over $100 for a visit after that. I would defintely recommend Dr. Rehsef! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
98	1	I cannot echo the negative reviews on Dr. Reshef and his staff.  They have been wonderful to me.  On my first visit, Dr. Reshef invited me into his personal office to introduce himself and discuss his qualifications and my condition and chances of having children.  He put me completely at ease and I appreciate the time he took to do so.  My husband and I have been trying to have a baby for 7 years and I became a patient of Dr. Reshef about 6 months ago.  He has made excellent suggestions about the course of my treatment but always leaves the final decision up to me (and my husband, of course).  His nurse Beverly is also amazing!  She is super busy but always finds time to return messages quickly.  I can call about anything and am never left with unanswered questions.  I'm very glad my gynecologist referred me to Dr.  Reshef and Beverly!  I have full confidence in them! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
98	1	Love Dr. Reshef! I would recommend him to anyone. He is extremely knowledgeable, very understanding, and compassionate. He takes the time to explain everything to us, and answers all our questions before we can even ask them! He and his staff are always available to talk to for questions or concerns. In fact, our first contact was with Dr Reshef over email. He emailed us back within 30 minutes on a Saturday evening! We love his accessibility and could not be happier with our choice! Team Reshef ALL THE WAY! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
98	-1	He was condescending and arrogant and did not take the time to figure out my condition. I was also over-charged for a visit. I would NOT recommend him. 	2	1	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
98	-1	Not understanding all the positive comments, this guy was terrible.  My wife and I were sitting in his office, she was crying, and he proceeded to answer the phone and have a ten minute conversation with his on.  My wife hated going to this guy.  The lady at the desk was extremely rude. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
98	1	I Have been a patient of several doctors in my life. Dr Reshef is the best in ALL categories and this limited review cannot express just how amazing this Dr is. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
98	1	Very good doctor. Gives you all the information you need to make informed decisions. Very professional and caring. My wife had her tubes tied 18 years ago but thanks to him we now have 16 month old twins. We love our kids and can not express how grateful we are to him and his staff. Invitro is a scary procedure, but Dr. Reshef and his staff helped us every step of the way. Invitro is expensive and takes a big commitment but it was worth every thing we paid and everything we went through. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
98	1	I loved Dr Reshef!! He was very personable and compassionate.  I was sent to him and he figured out what was wrong with me in one visit, what my previous dr couldn't figure out in 3 years. I highly recommend him to anyone who is having complications.  Because of him, I now have a beautiful baby girl, and was once told I wouldn't have children.  I only wish you delivered babies as well!!! Thank you Dr. Reshef.  	2	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
98	1	Dr. Reshef took the time to answer all of our questions.  He is very compassionate and knowledgeable.  In six years, I never had to wait past my scheduled appointment time to be seen. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
98	1	Did 3 full IVFs and one frozen embryo transfer with Dr. Reshef.  I would recommend him.  	4	4	4	4 	Insurance:Aetna
99	1	I have seen Dr. Rao for two years now and I have found her professional and caring. She has always taken the time to explain and answer any questions that I have had. I once had to stop by because I needed a doctor right then. I was able to see her WITHOUT an appointment after about 15 minutes of waiting. She also takes the time to socialize if she can. I have had discussions with her on universal healthcare and was impressed with her views. She always has a smile and a kind word. She's not afraid to pat you on the back if you are feeling down, either. Her staff are friendly and professional. They always know my name, even when I haven't visited in a few months. One time my insurance messed up and I had a bill, yet they still allowed me to see her.  I am setting up an appointment for my grandmother today. Her current doctor, Dr. Phoenix, is distant and unfriendly and she doesn't like that. I would recommend Dr. Rao to everyone, young and old.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
99	0	I have seen Dr. Rao several times for sinus infections and minor physical problems. But, if I had a major health issue, I would definitely seek a 2nd opinion. She mostly treats children and I would seek someone that is more qualified and I feel is more competent. She treats some other family members and I feel she has dropped the ball a few times in treating my family. I like her as a person but she doesn't quite make me feel secure as a patient.  	3	4	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
99	1	I have seen Dr. rao for 5 years and she has always been a wonderful and knowledgeable doctor. She has always looked at my overall health and has given me as much time as I needed to ask questions.  I feel she really cares about her patients and would recommend her to anyone!! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
99	1	Quite emphathitic and knowledgeable but bit busy/over-booked doctor.  	3	4	5	4 	Insurance:Aetna
99	1	Dr. Rao treats by teenage granddaughter and she is a very caring and professional doctor who is always focused on solving the problem at hand. We love her. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
99	1	Dr. Rao has been a very caring provider who gives me as much time as I want and answers all of my questions. She looks at my overall health and wellness, rather than just treating the current ailment. I'm very happy with her.  		5	5	4 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
99	1	I see Dr. Rao approximately 4 times a year due to a chronic ailment and she has been nothing but wonderful to me and when a problem arises with my illness, she always asks my input. She is great and definitely I recommend her to anyone. She is also a Pediatrician. 		4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
100	-1	Worst eye doctor ever! Still can't get my prescription right after four months of appointments&#63;! Staff ordered wrong prescription, then forgot to order, then back ordered for three weeks&#63;&#63;&#63;&#63;&#63; Insanity!!!! 	2	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
100	-1	Most horrible doctor ever..... makes you take out contacts and then gives you a sales pitch fopr contacts when you can't see and when you tell him you are uncomfortable he acts mad 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
100	1	Very satisfied.  He did a great job of pre and post op.  Great service. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
100	1	His office made a big mistake with my prescription, but admitted the error and corrected it. 		4	3	4 	Insurance:Unknown
