dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
1	1	The office manager is a heartless jerk with no professionalism. The rest of the staff and the doctors in this office are wonderful! 	1	4	4	4 	Insurance:Unknown
2	-1	Have had this doc for awhile but am now looking for another.  If you catch him on a bad day, he won't listen to anything you are saying and only goes with a opinion he's already formed no matter what. Not consistent from one appointment to another. Had to &quot;prove&quot; he wrote a prescription (it wasn't in his computer) and had to resort to showing him the prescription bottle to convince him he had written the medicine! More than half the time, he doesn't listen.  I do like his nurse, however.   She is wonderful! 	5	4	1	3 	Insurance:United Healthcare
2	1	. I did not know he was still in the area but not only did I work for him part time but he was my doctor and when he could not get an answer he sent me to the right place he has always be very caring and helpful in many was he also can do adjustment on your back and neck 	4	3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
2	1	Dr. Oglesby was our family's doctor for several years.  We don't use him now because of he had moved out of the area and then came back, and we had already found another dr. we liked.  We would highly recommend him, though.  He never seemed to be in a hurry, and we also liked his assistant or nurse, Shonna. 	5	2	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
3	1	I've been with Dr Omstead for years, since she was in practice in BA &amp; she is WONDERFUL!!!! I've always been able to call anytime I needed anything &amp; she &amp; her staff have always been extremely helpful. I've never had another doctor where I was able to get the kind of attention I do here! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
4	0	.  	5	4	3	3 	Insurance:Medicare
5	0	I was very unhappy with our service when we saw this doctor and I will NOT be back. I was VERY sick and she acted like it was nothing and that I would be ok soon. She didn't perscribe any medicine or give me a chest xray, which I really felt was needed. The next day I went to the ER because I was so sick and they took tests and xrays and said I had phnemonia and perscribed medicine (which costed me WAY more $$). I would NOT recommend this Dr. Save yourself some money and find a more knowledgeable doc.  She is very sweet but thats about it!! 	1	4	3	2 	Insurance:Aetna
5	1	She is very nice and has a great personality. She is very knowledgeable and is willing to help you out with any situation you are in. I would recommend her to any and every one. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	Been going most of my life to this doctor. He is a awesome doctor. He has help tremendously. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	1	Dr. Ollar was absolutely wonderful! I had a difficult pregnancy due to pre-eclampsia and severe depression from losing my spouse in my 5th month. She was very attentive and understanding. Always willing to answer my questions. If i ever decide to have another baby i will definitely go to her again.  	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
7	-1	 	4	1	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
7	-1	I never waited less than 30 mins for an appt. Her nurses were the only good aspect of her practice. She is very brash, even put me on a diet when I was 8 months pregnant because I gained 11 pounds in 6 weeks (over the holidays). She constantly nagged me about my weight gain, which was only 32 lbs for my entire pregnancy, and classed me as obese (I'm 6' and pre-pregnancy weight was 209, not exactly obese). When I did deliver, she pushed me to take the epidural which I refused because of several drug allergies. I had to wait to push until she arrived, 15 mins after they called to let her know I was at a 10. When she did finally arrive, she wasn't even completely gowned by the time my son was crowning, and I did scream 1 time when he tore me, she yelled at me. Yeah, she yelled at me and told me not to scream, made me feel horrible like I'd done something no other woman had ever done before. At my post partum check she only checked my stitches, no internal exam or pap smear.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Aetna
7	1	I feel Dr. Ollar-Shoemake was very knowledgeable about my previous medical history that I provided her and she took great effort to make  me feel at ease. 	3	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
7	0	I was a patient of Dr. Ollar's for about two years.  Very long wait times.  She seemed rushed and overbooked.  I found her to be pleasant and kind, though again, seemed too rushed to sit down and address real issues and concerns.  She also was an advocate of hormones/birth control pills for me, and I was not willing to take them due to family history of stroke and cancer.  I made the switch to another physician that I felt listened to my concerns overall, and respected such wishes.  	3	2	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
7	0	Horrible wait times. Horrible bedside manner. Bad experience. Waiting for too long when the baby was crowned and then told to hurry up because she had another surgery in 20 minutes. 	1	1	2	3 	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	great experience and has been consistently such over last several years.  fills out paperwork and issues new lab slips in spite of my chronically losing them.  compassionate and professional.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
8	1	Dr Ortiz is a wonderful Dr that takes the time to listen and ask the right questions to come to the correct diagnosis. She did an all day EEG on my son and found that he has Epilesy. The medicines that she has him on doesn't affect his liver the way dilantin and some other seizure meds can.  Great job Dr Ortiz keep up the great work!!!!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
9	1	My 4 year old son has allergies and asthma. I have been very impressed with Dr. Overhulser's care. She is kind, and attentive. She takes all the time that is needed to make you feel comfortable with your diagnosis. She also takes detailed notes about what you tell her, and she gives you detailed notes about what she has discussed with you about your care. She is a wonderful doctor. 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
10	1	I have used this Dr for the last 27 yrs and found him to stay ahead of the normal doctors with my being able to lose 60 pounds under his supervision, that is a person that is really on your side.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
11	1	She is so patient with my son.  She spends 20 minutes asking him all about his health, eating, and feelings.  If only all Drs could have her compassion and bedside manner.  She is award winning and worth all the awards she has received through the years.  	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
11	1	Dr. Olay is great. Very passionate, knowledgable, dependable, proactive. Her staff is usually behind schedule and only somewhat welcoming and comforting. I only get smiles from Dr. Olay 	3	4	4	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	She is amazing!  My son had a scare with an enlared lymphnode last year.  Something we thought may have been cancerous (it wasn't), she totally put us at ease and we were at children's hospital within an hour of our initial visit with her.  She arranged everything and we found out our son was fine that very day.  She is great with kids and oohs and awes over each one.  You think she may get tired of that after seeing kids all day, but you can tell she truly loves her work.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:United Healthcare
11	1	Wonderful!! has been seeing my kids since my oldest was 2 1/2 (almost 6 yrs) and we have had two kids since.. Love her 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
11	1	She is so sweet with kids! She is a wonderful doctor and the kids love her. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	Dr. Olsen is a great doctor and his staff is great. And I would recommend others to him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
12	0	I was referred to Dr. Olson for a broken metatarsal.  After waiting 1.5hrs for my appointment to begin, I left.  This rating is based solely on appointment punctuality and the staff’s professionalism.   I would not recommend the doctor as they do not value the customer’s time.  As for the doctor’s competency, I have no idea, but common decency is first.  I don’t want to pay for services provided by a rude company.  The staffed worked someone in without an appointment before my appointment and never told me that there would be a wait and how long it would be.  They also were unapologetic for the wait time and did not want to refund my prepaid co-pay.  I have not issue with working in patients or waiting, but the lack of communication is unacceptable.  	2	1	3	3 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
12	1	. had a shoulder repair (quite extensive)  excellent care with proper info before and since surgery!!! they are a caring company and if ever i had to have (lord forbid) i would use no other dr and his staff 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Workers Comp
12	-1	I originally fell at work &amp; they thought it was something simple w/ no surgery needed. Because they wanted me on crutches instead of a w/c, I fell AGAIN! I begged the PA not to make me use crutches in the first place. So I fell again. I was NEVER reimbursed for anything until a lawyer was involved. Now we head to trial. Also, in OK you get 8 wks of disability unless surgery is needed which we're waiting due to change of dr. Been a nightmare. Because of 2nd fall, I need surgery because everything surrounding knee's torn - 5 very torn ligaments. Only after telling him we're changing drs did the dr become more cooperative. They tried to send me to work before p/t, surgery, &amp; w/o my w/c. When I said changing drs, then they said I can't work. Would never go back. The receptionists are VERY VERY rude! Only saw Dr. Olsen twice, but almost always saw the PA, Travis.  	2	1	2	2 	Insurance:Workers Comp
12	0	do to neglegence of his PA I had to walk with a torn ACL and fractured femur for 4 days before demanding a MRI.  The results showed a complete tear of the ACL and fractured femur.  Which were repaired during surgery.  Not once did he or any of his staff keep my family updated during or directly after surgery!  It has been a constant battle to get infromation from his office to the Department of Labor for my continued compenstation claims.  Final result was him keeping me on TTD status and me loosing my vehicle due to that.  Now the staff claims they have sent my medical records several times to me but have no means of tracking it.  I would not use him again.  Very poor care and he needs to get rid of the PA that works for him.   Makes be wonder what damage was done during the weekend they had me walking on a fractured femur and torn ACL, saying that its just a sprain!!!!!! 	3	4	2	3 	Insurance:Workers Comp
12	1	He is a great doctor, who cares about his patients.  I had to have surgery when I was 6 months pregnant.  He called my OB and personaly talked to him to see if everything would be ok during and after surgery.  I highly recomend him to anyone.   His staff is the best!! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Aetna
12	1	Very Helpful! The staff was friendly and attentive. I will continue to recommended Dr. Olsen to others. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	Dr. Olson and his staff have been extremely patient and kind with me and my family during my battle with brain cancer.  On the first visit, he makes it clear that he'll take all the time needed to answer questions and uses plain language, not all med-speak. The only time he was significantly late, it was explained that he was with a 1st-timer.  I remembered our 1st time and let my angst go and waited calmly.  He's very kind and very knowledgable and very willing to work with outsiders if we so chose (eg. if we wanted to involve MD Anderson, he would work with them). He has never given false hope and was always tempered the good news with appropriate caution. I highly recommend Dr. Olson.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:BC Med
13	-1	This guy claims to to a cancer expert. In my opinion he is nothing more than a Brooks Brothers suited huckster. My wife would be dead had we not found a more knowledgable doctor. Got cancer&#63; Olson IS NOT the guy to see!!! Three hours of research on the Internet told me this guy knew nothing about her specific disease. Failed to perform even the most basic tests until he learned another doctor would be involved and then proceeded to cover his rear. 	5	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
14	-1	Dr. Oliver was my last choice for an OB. No one else was available, so I had to have one. Dr. Oliver made me sign an agreement that if i died during surgery, It wasn't his fault. He does not do conclusive testing prior to &quot;diagnosing&quot; and stopped my labor 3 times to make SURE my child was born on a particular day. I will NEVER use him, or recommend him again to anyone. I do not trust him, as he lied to me about very important tests, and now I am suffering several months after the fact. He was passive aggressive, sarcastic and refused to listen to his patients, unless it fits his &quot;diagnosis&quot;. VERY unsatisfied. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
14	-1	I have had two friends that had to use Dr. Oliver. One was sent home when her placenta was separating from her uterus. Thankfully she returned within hours. Got ANOTHER doctor and delivered the baby with minimal side effects. The other friend not so lucky. The fetal monitor showed fetal distress at 12:50 pm. Dr. OLIVER administered pitocin and LEFT FOR 4 HOURS. Long story short, at 4pm the nurses were shaking her back and forth to revive the fetus and at 5PM he walked in and took the baby by Cecearian. 	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
15	1	He is great. He is very professional! Besides being a very good uncle he does all he can do to learn more about his profession. Thank you   Jennifer Oviawe 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	He is very compassionate and a good listener on top of being very knowledgable in his specialty.A combination of an excellent internist with outstanding bedside mmanner, He had saved my life not only once but on several occasions. Highly recommended.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	0	I have a history on pain med abuse. And he gave a me an even stronger med and I overdosed 3 times on it. I am lucky to be alive.  He should have just fired me as a patient instead of giving me stronger drugs. 	3	3	3	3 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	The best doctor in the area. He has helped my husband like nobody else.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
16	-1	He is a pretty good doctor. I think it should be noted that while he does have a pretty good working knowledge of diabetes, he is not an endocrinologist. Therefore he is limited in his field and will often refer his patients on to a more refined specialist. 		2	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	This is the most wonderful doctor that I have ever seen and I have seen hundreds. He is SMART and CARING and a good Christian man. He will treat you right and you will leave the clinic with a smile on your face. As far as I am concerned there is no better Doctor in Miami, Oklahoma. I would HIGHLY recommend him for any of your or your families health needs. Once you go to him, you will never need another doctor. Unless it is for a specialty surgery or something of that nature..  Thanks Doctor Obsequio! 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
17	1	My husband and I have been patients for about 12 years. He is conscientious,compassionate,intelligent and he LISTENS!  We are so blessed to have him as our physician. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
17	1	. Very friendly, very caring, great bedside manner 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Medicare
18	1	Have been a patient with Dr. Ong for approx. 7 years after having a widow-maker heart attack.  He has been very proactive in trying to stabilize my condition and improve my health.  He spends as much time with me as necessary--He does have a very busy practice but I feel it is due to his being a good doctor.  He tries to find ways to raise the level of my care without raising the cost.  Don't blame the doctor if you are not taking a part in your own health care....I think I would have been deceased by now if not for his aid. 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
18	-1	VERY POOR DOCTOR - i have been waiting two weeks for an exray to come back on a possible broken elbow.  forgot to order critical once per month infusion - third time and I am in so much pain and they DO NOT care.  Went back to see results of xray today and was told to come back in 5 days (after charging for the visit of course) have seen this doctor for 20 years - has gotten INCOMPETENT and only cares about money and how many times he can bill you or your insurance company.   TERRIBLE TERRIBLE TERRIBLE 	1	5	1	3 	Insurance:Medicare
18	1	This doctor has actually saved my life on several occasions.  I fing him very caring and helpful. He has also been very informative to my family. I am now totally pacemaker dependent. He has taken very good care of all my needs.  	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
18	-1	This doctor does not have compassion for his patients. He is more interested in the mighty dollar and sucking your insurance dry. After he has done so he then will say he can no longer be of service to you. This was my experience with this doctor. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
18	1	Very patient oriented. Compassionate & caring. Excellent medical knowledge & skills. Highly recommended. Other specialist physicians in practice also. Convenient On-site testing, lab, x-ray, etc. Staff is honest and helpful. 		5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
19	1	I don't know where The Claremore Indian Hospital found Dr. Owens, but as a 60 year old man Ive never been treated with as much respect, or been more informed by any other Docter in My life. During every Visit with Dr. Owens, he has taken the time to educate me on the different treatments available, and the options for medication. Hold on to your hat when visiting him, because he covers a lot of territory in explaining the Options. Great Doctor, and he will always be my first choice. 	4	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
20	1	Great guy! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
21	-1	My perception of her is that with me she was inattentive, indecisive, insensitive,  unfamiliar with my history, and appeared to be confused at times.  I won't use her again.  If you have a medical problem, in my opinion any caring doctor would be better than her.  Staff appears to be indifferent regarding patient's problems and keeps you holding over the phone for a long time whenever you call Utica Park Clinic. 	1	2	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
22	-1	charged me 300.above my insurance, did not get any glasses. He referred me to another Dr.who helped me a lot and no charge above insurance or for follow up appointment.  	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:United Healthcare
23	-1	Be carefull.  This dr just wants to write scripts and not diagnose the problem. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
23	1	Wonderful Doctor. I love him, he is very helpful and very caring. He really knows what he is doing, and his staff are also very caring. I also love Earl Dunkelburger. He is also very knowledgeable. My children also love him. He is wonderful with children as well.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:CIGNA
24	1	. I just had a new patient cleaning and exam, but it was a great experience! 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Delta Dental
25	-1	My mother has recently become a patient of his. He told her she had a serious bone infection, but offered nothing of test results or proof as to how he gave that diagnosis. He just stuck her in a hospitol a wk ago and hasnt seen her once. Im told hes busy taking on new patients. These people are not paychecks Dr O. If you dont have the time to see the ones you have, perhaps you shouldnt take on new ones. She has Lupus and the antibiotics he has given her has made her very sick. But he hasnt been in one time to check on her. I am disgusted by the lack of personal connection these doctors have with their patients.  Do they even care&#63;&#63; 	4	4	1	3 	Insurance:Medicare
25	1	He was very helpful and took care of my needs. He was very respectful, he asked the right question and he was able to trace what was wrong with me without guessing. I felt comfortable with him. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
25	-1	This person is actually an infectious disease specialist and is NASTY, snorts, slurps, disgusting WHILE he is working. I would not let him treat me for an infectious as he probably carries it around with him! 	3	3	2	2 	Insurance:Unknown
26	1	compasionate,knowledgeable,listons to you and your problems 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
27	1	punctuality is a 4 only because he is often a bit late but that is because he spends so much time with his patients. unfortuanately i think he may be leaving medicine  because of pressure to &quot;herd&quot; people through. This of course is coming from his employer OMNI Medical. They have become more concerned with the $ than what is doing the right thing. Dr Bill is awersome,caring, listens, and smart too.  Too bad the state of health care is pushing out the &quot;good guys&quot; 	4	4	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
28	1	great doctor,kind and knowledgeable 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
29	1	Dr. O'brien is wonderful! I saw him back in 2004 for a torn ACL and then recently after my car accident.   If you want a dr that you can talk to and does what is in your best interest, he is the one! 	5	3	5	5 	Insurance:MAMSI
29	-1	Dr. O'Brien is probably highly skilled in orthopedic surgery. He has a seeminly pleasant bedside manner - he will look you in the eye and shake your hand. However, he is rather abrupt. He agreed to take my husband on as a patient after a severe car accident, 14 broken bones, surgery and a lenghty stay at UVA. While my husband was at UVA, he developed a *physical* (not psychological) addiction to the pain medication. Neither my husband nor I knew anything about this possibility. Dr. O'Brien's nurse claimed she never heard of any such thing and told me to give him Advil. Dr. O'Brien did not give my husband any kind of tapering plan for coming off the pain medicine, even though he agreed to take my husband as a patient. Nor did he refer my husband to another specialist who could have helped him taper off. I think the way he and his nurse handled this problem was absolutely unprofessional and irresponsible.  	3	5	1	3 	Insurance:Anthem
29	1	HE WAS GREAT HELPING MY SON WITH HIS FOOTBALL INJURIES. A LOT OF THE TEAM GO TO HIM FOR THEIR CARE.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Anthem
30	0	abusive manner toward patient.  Left early.  Incorrect information placed in record. 	1	2	1	4 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	I went to another chiropractor for several months before trying out Dr. Ochsner.  I feel better after one adjustment from him than I did with 30+ at the other clinic.  I highly, highly recommend! 	5	4	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
31	1	I have been having back problems for the last twenty-five years, Dr. Ochsner was reccomended to me by a co-worker. I have always been skeptical of Chiropratic care but now i wouldn't settle for anything less. I hope that if you are having back pain you will go and try out Ochsner Chiropractic Centre located on 79th and Sheridan.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
31	1	dr ochsner is the best doctor ever. he's the go to guy for all chiropractic needs 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	Very professional, very helpful. I highly recommend her. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
32	1	She is very helpful. She listens and really hears you. Her attitude can be light and easy when that is the way you feel but she can also be kind and helpful if that is what you need. Her receptionest is friendly and remembers your name after a short amount of time. She is always there when you arrive and I rarely have more than 10 minutes. She really knows her stuff. I have seen several doctors over the years but with Dr.Ober I am comfortable and safe. I would highly reccommend her to anyone.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
33	1	Dr. Orme is very gracious, very knowledgeable, very helpful.  She listens well, makes good calls, can think outside the box. She or her staff are accessible. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
33	1	I have been a patient of Dr. Orme's for 4 years. She has worked very hard to find the cause of my pain (fibromyalgia) and recently discovered that I am hypoglycemic. She has referred me to many specialists and has worked tirelessly to help me feel better. Dr. Orme has always treated me as person first, and is the most compassionate doctor I've ever known! I highly recommend her to anyone. She also specializes in pediatrics. She is a fabulous physician who cares deeply about her patients.  	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:HealthPartners
34	1	She is very caring and answered all my questions without rushing.  She even called me the night before the surgery to see if I had any other questions and to be reassuring.  Very skilled and comforting doctor.  Would definitly use her again if the need arises. 	5	5	5	5 	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	Dr. O'neal is very good @explaining things where others just brush u off. Wish that appointments were kept,  first appointment for my elderly grandmother we sat in the waiting room for more than 3 hours.  It only seems as of late this is occurring.  Also had another appointment @ 1 and they didn't get back from lunch til 1:30 then they unlocked the door and didn't even let us know. Just wish customer service was still alive.  	3	1	4	5 	Insurance:Medicare
36	-1	My mother has COPD, admitted to Idabel hosp Dr.office for Pneumonia. Arrived at hosp with incomplete list from his office of her meds. On 5th day of adm Mother not improving doctor discovered she was missing vital meds; order was written that morning. At noon still no medication given, via phone from 430 miles away, I asked a friend to drive 40 miles round trip to retrieve home meds to get them started. Spoke to Charge Nurse who stated at 2:30 the meds were in house and she would get them from Pharmacy. Day 6 cultures came back MRSA, Dr. O rounds with this news. After 2 hrs, no antibiotic change, my sister questioned DR he said it had been started, when she told him at the nurses desk it had not been started he said in front of another dr, the nurse and other witnesses, &quot;It doesnt matter if it's started now or 2 hours from now&quot;. Sister said standard of care calls for antibiotics to start w/in 1 hr of order. RN looked at chart saw the order and started Vanco.  LOSER! 	2	1	1	1 	Insurance:Medicare
37	-1	This human being, if I may even call him that... is the worst doctor I have ever been to.  He is a ****!  Don't let him operate on you!  Go get another opinion and run from Ofori. Like he is Irish and then I am purple. 	1	1	1	1 	Insurance:Unknown
37	-1	DR. Ofori was very nice until after my husbands surgery. He placed a freestanding spacer in his back which shifted into his spinal column. X-rays were not done for 3 months. Two months later(after another test) he still had not figured out how to connect new hardware but said this could be fixed, no problem. Thank God we got another opinion as we were told that after this long a time, if a fix were attempted there was more than a 70% chance that he would be paralized from the waist down and most likely loose blatter, bowel,and sexual function. Needless to say we said no thanks. My husband will never be able to return to work and will be on narcotic painkillers for the rest of his life. I would not recommend this Dr. to anyone.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Workers Comp
37	-1	I went to Dr.O'Fori after he was recommended highly by the neurologist at Ft. Sill. I had a ACDF with hardware 7 and a half years ago. Never in my my mind did I expect to wake up and not be able to swallow even water, after 5 days in the hospital, he released me, knowing I could not hardly get anything down. I survuived on baby food for the first 6 months. During all this time,I told the doctor at each follow up that I can still not swallow, and all he ever said to me I need to stay on Valium. My weight dropped to a malnutrition state. I thank my army family doc for trying to get me help in seeing specialists to try to figure out what went wrong as Dr. O'Fori offered me none. As for my swallowing, it has never gotten better, seems the titanium plate butts up in my throat and closes it off whenever I move my larynx, and also alot of nerve damage involded, right vocal cords are dead.I would not recommend this surgeon to anyone and also feel he should not be practicing medicine.  	3	3	1	1 	Insurance:Tricare
