dr-id	rating	review-text	staff	punctual	helpful	knowledge	insurance
5	1	 I have seen Dr. Langkamp for about 10 years. At one point I switched jobs and he didn't accept the insurance so I had to use someone else, but I returned to him as soon as I got a job where I could select the insurance that he takes. I have always felt that he takes good care of his patients. He has a good bedside manner and I love Andrea, his receptionist. I've moved to SW Oklahoma now and don't see Dr. Langkamp but if I were to ever move back to Norman I would definitely see him.  	5	3	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
6	-1	commentsthis was a first time appt for us.  she seemed bothered to be there, kind of annoyed or like something was wrong.  I don't know if she was just having a bad day or what but it didn't come off very well.  I asked her some basic questions and she couldn't give me any answers and referred me to look online.  She wasn't very friendly and combined with the lack of confidence I have in her knowledge I won't be going back.  On a positive note, the staff was friendly.  I hate writing bad reviews, but thought I should let others know so they have an idea before going in. 	4	4	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	commentsI've gone to Dr. Lam since my baby was born last year.  She's very knowledgeable and caring.  We never have to wait long in the waiting room, and I love her new office! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
6	1	commentsDr. Lam is very helpful and knowledgeable, and my child really likes her. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
6	-1	commentsDr. Lam is a joke.  I have given her a few chances when my childrens regular pediatrician was unavailable.  She seems like she isn't confident and with good reason as she has never given us a diagnosis on basic children illnesses that she should have some knowledge on.  I learn more from webmd than I do from dr. Lam.  Go to any other doctor seeing as how she can't tell you if you have a common cold. 	5	5	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
8	1	commentsHe is understanding and he knows his stuff:) 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
9	1	commentsVery caring and takes time to talk to pantients and explain things. Very good physician. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
12	1	 Dr. Landreth is a awesome doctor, the best chiropractor I have seen. Previous experience with many others.. Dr. Landreth is one of a kind. I had alway suffer from lower back pain. He helped. I advise to go see him...  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
12	1	 Dr Landreth was extremely kind and knowledgeable ! He was able to explain to me why I have pain in my low back and my legs! Dr.  Landreth helped to relieve my pain in only 2 weeks! I will definitely refer him to my friends! 	5	5	4	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
13	1	commentsI felt safe with him as my doctor at the Brown Cancer Center.  Now that he is no longer there, I am seeking a new oncologist. 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
13	1	commentsDr. Laber is the smartest physician I have ever seen.  He has the best bedside manners.  He saved my life with a treatment that is not yet available in the US. 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
16	1	commentsWONDERFUL DENTIST!! would recommend to everyone! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
21	1	 I've been going to Dr. Lambert now for the past 5 years.  I recommend him as a primary care doc very highly.  He is great a general practitioner, in my opinion.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
21	-1	 Office does not return phone calls in a timely manner.  	4	4	2	2	Insurance:Medicare
21	-1	commentsCould not possibly care less about his patients. &quot;Warehouses&quot; Medicare nursing home patients, often doesn't even know their names.      Would recommend to an enemy. 	3	3	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	commentsDr. Lakin is the best I've been to yet. She is very nice and makes you feel welcome in her office. Unfortunately the front office staff isn't that great sometimes. 	2	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
30	1	 i absolutely love Dr.LAKIN! and i believe shes the best in Oklahoma... and now i eagerly await her being my ob and helping me bring my 1st baby into this world after numerous failed attempts to...  	5	3	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
30	1	 I wish Dr. Lakin could be more than just my OBGYN. I wish she could be my regular doctor, my therapist, and my dentist. I loved her!! I think she was just as excited or more when we found the heartbeat for the first time and when we determined the sex. I really felt like she was going through everything WITH me. I ended up having a complicated pregnancy and I called the office constantly. Someone always called me back and gave me great advice. I had an emergency C-section at around 26 weeks after I had been on bed rest for 2 weeks. She happened to be the doctor on call and I was so happy! She did a wonderful job and I can't explain the trust I had in her. Ultimately, the baby only made it for a few days which is what the doctors had been graciously preparing me for. But, she called my room and constantly checked on me. Like I said, it felt like she was going through even the loss WITH me.  I will never see another OBGYN as long as she is working :) 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
30	0	 My first visit was almost 3 hours long.  They overlooked me for an ultrasound and made me wait FOREVER! Then they never called me about the referral for an ultrasound which I found out on my 2nd visit.  Finally on my 3rd visit for 20 wk ultrasound, they put me and my husband in a room were we waited over 1 hour before we decided it was time for me to find a new doctor.  Ultrasound Tech has no bedside manners and made me feel uncomfortable to ask any questions...as if I was bothering her.  Also, a couple days after my 1st visit I received a letter/financial arrangement telling me I had to pay my $1000 deductible for labor by my 24th week of pregnancy.  Ridiculous!  I have found a great doctor that actually spends time with me and appreciates my business.  	2	1	2	3	Insurance:Humana
30	1	commentsDr. Lakin is truly a wonderful doctor. She is thorough and ensures you are commfortable. We saw her oncall and were very impressed with the care she provided. 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
30	-1	 I had chronic pain on my right lower quandrant for approximately 2 years and she continually kept blowing me off and made me feel incompetent.  When I finally pushed for surgery, she did not explain to me about the surgery or tell me that I have endometriosis.  	5	5	1	3	Insurance:United Healthcare
30	1	 Dr. Lakin is very extremely thorough and very professional.  She is never in a rush and always available for questions. I love her.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Coventry
35	1	commentsDr. Lane implanted an ICD in my father.  We met him during a crisis and he was absolutely the calm in the storm.  He didn't have that &quot;doctor&quot; feel.  He came in and sat down (showing he wasn't in a hurry) and explained everything, listened, and even told us about his own father's experience with the exact same device.  We didn't need to continue to see him, but we still remember our encounter from 8 years ago.  Very nice man! 	3	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
35	1	 Referred to Dr Lane from Dr Sweeney in Lawton. Dr Lane is truly a GOD send. He is calm, quiet and in control of himself, His presence is calming. Great listener, he is very patient, and has yet to jump to conclusions regarding my health. I have seen him 3 times now, his staff and and lab for cardio exams 3 times also. I don't believe a 51 year old military retiree could ask for much more. I always have arrived to my appointments early, Dr Lanes and his staff have always reciprocated by seeing me promptly resulting in my being in and out prior to the scheduled appointment time. I am terrifically pleased.  	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Tricare
35	1	commentsDr.Lane did my EP study. I have had several follow ups with him. He is great. listens well. His office staff and nurses are wonderful. The EP lab at Baptist seem like a big group of disgruntled employees. Maybe they were all having a bad day that day, but they sure made my experience horrific. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	commentsfast, helpful and not overcrowded one of the few dentist that accepts bcbs ins Paid/Co-pay:$400	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
36	1	commentsDr. Lamb is very good with her patients!  She is very knowledgeable and very precise in her work. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
41	1	 It has been quite a while back since I went to this doctor.  I do love his personality and he seems to be very caring.  He has an open mind to alternatives.  I do not think he is to quick to hand out pills like most doctors do.  My advice to others is to support doctors that have an open mind to holistic natural healing methods.  Doctors that are not in the drug companies pockets.  	3	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
43	1	 I found the staff very friendly and helpful. Dr. Langley explained my eye condition in detail and answered all of my questions. I have recommended him to all of my family and friends.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
43	1	 Very good doctor and office.  Highly recommend to all my friends 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
43	1	commentsDr. Langley is an exceptional doctor.  He is kind and friendly and talks to you like a friend and in plain English. He is very knowledgeable and continues to grow and understand new techniques which he perfects. I would recommend him to anyone any age. His treatment and the surgery went smoothly and efficiently. I absolutly love the results. Do not hesitate to visit Dr. Langley and his staff for your eye needs.  You won't be disappointed. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	commentsDr. Langley is the kindest and best Doctor in all of Oklahoma- do not hesitate to use him! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
43	1	 Dr Langley was very informative and made sure I understood my procedure.  He offered options I didn't know I had and the results are outstanding.   I highly recommend Dr Dan Langley! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
43	1	 dr dan was very informative, he took his time to answer all my questions. He scheduled my surgery right away and i had an excellent outcome.   His staff was friendly and the new building/office is quite nice 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$25
45	1	 Dr. Lane himself is a very nice man and seems to know his stuff.  If he doesnt know what is going on he is not afraid to refer you somewhere else and get to the bottom of the issue.  However, he has the worst staff I have ever seen.  They feel nothing for the patients.  They overbook on a daily basis to the point where people are waiting outside.  If you need an appointment expect an average wait of 2 weeks.  Everytime I call someone new answers the phone and every single one of them has been unfriendly and not the least bit helpful.  Dr. Lane could really succeed and have a good reputation if it werent for his staff.  	1	1	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
50	0	 The times I've been there, I waited more than an hour to be seen. I like Dr. Lane but will be forced to switch considering just a regular appointment takes 1-2.5 hours.  Beware! 	2	1	3	3	Insurance:Tricare
50	1	 Dr. Lane is great. He is very knowledgeable and caring when you have concerns. He has a great sense of humor and always makes you feel comfortable. I had a horrible experience with my first delivery with a different doctor and didn't want to have any more children because of it. Now that I have found Dr. Lane I am strongly reconsidering.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	1	commentsGreat doctor, caring, knowledgable, will spend as much time as you need. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	.  LOVE Dr Lane! Had many issues - im young - was not believed about my pain - dr lane found my huge tumor and removed it - i go to him for everything i can because most doc's SUCK - but not him!! - he's wonderful!! ONLY downside is waiting a long time in room for him to come in, but worth the wait! 	5	3	5	5	Insurance:Tricare
50	1	 Dr. Lane was so wonderful to my family and I during my pregnancy. I can't imagine anyone better to take care of my baby and I. He not only made me extremely comfortable but he brought a sense of humor along with the kindest compassion that I've never had a doctor give.  My husband, family and I could not be any happier! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
50	1	 Such a great doctor. I would recommend him to anyone. As far as being polite, calm and helpful it does not get any better. Trust me! This was my husband and my first pregnancy and he made it so easy and carefree. I am so grateful for his kindness and support.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
50	1	commentsDr. Lane was super!!!!  His bedside manner is excellant and I thought was very calm during delivery and supportive and I did not have to push to the point of exhaustion but on my time.  And the whole time he and the staff at St. Anthony's was WONDERFUL!!!!  The rooms are really nice and my post delivery room had a queen bed not a regular hospital bed. The whole experience with the nurses and Dr. Lane and the hospital was the BEST!!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
50	1	 I had no problems with Dr. Lane. He has a nice encouraging smile, which really helped during labor.  He has a good sense of humor thats kind of dry at times, but it matches my own so we got along really well. St. Anthony i am convinced is the best place to deliver in the area. the nurses are wonderful and the feel of the rooms is so comfortable, and that is where he delivers.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Humana
50	1	 dr lane is awesome.  he has delivered one of my babies before and i knew immediately he would deliver this baby 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-Cal
50	1	 dr. Lane is a great doctor! He does everything he can to make your visit comfortable. If you ever need anything he does all he can to help. His bedside manner is great.  I would recommend him to anyone! A+++++ 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
52	1	 Dr Lane is very caring and knowledgeable..my diabetes is now under control.  He also is now managing my blood pressure and it is under control where the doctor before just was letting things slide and spiral out of control.  Dr Lane is an excellent physician, genuinely caring person.  His staff is also just incredible.... highly recomment this Dr.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
60	-1	commentsShe was late, then got her mail and talked on the phone in front of us while we waited. No remark as to when she would be ready or how long it would be. Indifferent during exam, didn't seem thorough. Took our money and never caqlled back or was helpful when we had issues with perscription. 	3	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
60	1	 Irene Lam is really good. I liked the way she treated me and my family. My glasses are wonderful.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
60	1	commentsThe staff is friendly and Dr. Lam was considerate of my needs and made sure my new glasses would be a good fit for me. 	4	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
60	-1	 Horrible person to be around. Do not feel like i was a patient. More of a dollar sign.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Medicare
62	1	 Dr. L'Heureux is one of the best spine surgeons in the entire State of Oklahoma. He is caring and compassionate. After four years of conservative treatment that went well, my pain increased and required surgery. It has been a year since my surgery and I have had an excellent result.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:AetnaPaid/Co-pay:$25
62	1	 Dr. L'Heureux is the finest physician I have ever known.  He quickly diagnosed my spine problem and began with conservative treatment.  I required surgery that went very well.  I have improved and I am back doing almost all my normal activities.  Dr. L'Heureux was a God send.  I would not go to any other spine specialist.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
62	-1	 When I started with this doctor 2 years aga he took Blue Cross Blue Shield. He now has decided he needs more money.  	1	2	1	3	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	-1	 did not fix my problems.  after L5 disc removal, replacement, and fusion.  My psin or problems did not go away!  He also told before surgery I would recover 95-100%, not even close.  Kept telling me to give time and to start using it and it would get better.  It continued to get worse.  Did not even recommend PT until I kept complaining about constant back, hip, and leg pain and numbness.  He said it would just take time for the nerves to recover.  He had the attitude that he did the surgery and your better.  Would not recommend at all! My surgery was in 1993 for degenerative disc disease.  	1	3	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	1	 Doctor L'Heureux worked on my back when no one would touch it. He is wonderful, my back fells so much better. I highly recommend him to everyone that has spine problems.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
62	1	commentsI have been a patient of Dr. L'Heureux for 8 years. He operated on a lower slipped disc that paralyzed my left leg. It has perfectly healed. He also fused my neck on 3 levels with no complications. When you are dealing with the spine, he is the best. 	4	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
62	0	comments 	3	3	3	3	Insurance:Unknown
64	-1	 Don't waste your money your life may be at risk this webbed footed practitioner is arrogant &amp; conceited he operates in a cut-rate so called hospital where you could die from bloodloss and incomprehensible incompetence.  	3	2	1	1	Insurance:Aetna
64	1	 I had two total knee replacements with Dr. LaButti and could not be more pleased.  He believes the patient comes first; from his thoroughness to his making sure I was not in pain, I know how fortunate I was to have him as my Doc.  Does he have a wonderful bedside manner&#63;  No!  But he sure took care of me/ gave me the best possible outcome.  And thanks to his treatment, I can now walk without pain.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicaid / Medi-CalPaid/Co-pay:$15
64	-1	commentsI would not go to this doctor again. I was fresh from injury and limping to this hospital. While he was looking at a potential acl injury in the knee, I asked him to look at my shoulder to get his opinion. He refused to look at it and asked me to visit him again. While I argued with him, that I was in pain and that I didn't want to limp back to the hospital and pay another co-pay, he still refused to look at it. I almost feel like he is in for the money and not the service. I understand that it is tough to become a doctor and you have all those tuition bills to pay. I also offered to pay twice the co-pay so that I don't have to come back again. Still, he refused to look at my shoulder, he had to keep his schedule! He also told me that he does not take appointments where he has to look at 2 different body parts!! Like accidents happen that keep his policy in mind. Where is the nobility, empathy in this profession&#63; Not sure how updated he is in his knowledge. Arrogance was quite evident. 	1	2	1	3	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	commentsRJ is by far the best Ortho!! I have seen him since 1996 and continue to go back.  He has done numerous ankle, knee, and shoulder surgeries on me and I have bounced back from them all able to play sports again.  I live over 2 hours away and I refuse to go to anyone here, I will continue the drive.  HE IS THE BEST!!! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
69	-1	 This is the worst doctor ever.  He forgot to reattach my achilles to the bone.  I have had four additional surgeries trying to fix what he messed up and I still can't walk without horrible pain.  He has ruined my life.   He is a complete idiot and a liar 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:United Healthcare
69	1	 Waited almost 2 hours for initial consultation! NEVER spoke or saw doctor before or after surgery! He definately knows his stuff and my foot is amazing so if you can deal with the waiting and lack of personal attention it is definatly worth it.  	4	1	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	1	 Dr Langerman and his staff are top notch.  Been seeing him for 10 years and have never had an unpleasant experience.  He has performed a complete knee replacement, foot surgery and ankle therapy.  He has an excellent doctor/patient repoire and always takes time to explain and show his concern for your problem.  His followup after your procedure is also excellent.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	1	 Always a long wait.You only see Dr.langerman the first visit.then you see one of his 2 PA's.they are very nice but you are told different information from them.! will tell you it will take 6 weeks to heal while the other says a year.He just does'nt live up to all i heard of him.  	5	2	3	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	1	 ONGOING....R.J.  as i refer to him has been the best to me i have been goiong to him since 2001  had 3 total knee replcmnts (3rd due to my fault on horse riding accident)shlder surgery, ankel tendon reconst due to yet another horse riding accident  i get injections in my shoulders and hand due to all of the artritis and i will let only him to the injections  yes i have had to wait at times but i always insist on seeing him so since i do this i have no problem waiting  he is always upfront with me and says it like it is  i would and have trusted him with my life  he also has a great personality  somes the business part of the staff are a litte anoying but sometimes it takes that to get a job done   over all he is the best 	3	5	5	5	Insurance:United Healthcare
69	1	 This man has done wonders for me and I have never met a more compassionate person. His staff and the PA that works with him are the best. They all work together to see you the patient are happy. He has a bedside manner to die for and this man in my opinion is the best in the state, I would recommend him anytime and plant to stay with him. He is the best. He took another doctors botched job and corrected it back to normal or as normal as it could be made.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Workers Comp
69	-1	commentsDr. Langerman is a horrible doctor.  He did my foot surgery in 2007 where he detacched the achilles and did not reattach it after scraping the bone.  He then told me I developed RSD and was going to live in pain for the rest of my life and told me to read about RSD online.  He put me through epidural steroid injections which was supposed to help my foot.  I have found a new doctor who has done 3 subsequent surgeries to try and repair what he destroyed.  I ended up losing my sural nerve, tibia 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	 I no longer live in Okla, but when I did, Dr. Langerman did foot and knee surgery on me. I was very happy with results. I did eventually have to have both knees replaced, but had moved to florida by then and the wonderful Dr. Hany Helmy in Merritt Island did the surgeries.  	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
69	1	commentsi really liked Dr. Langerman. one of my favorites, just not a fan of Cruse and the whole SWO operation. 	3	4	4	5	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	commentsDr Langerman was awesome, wonderful surgeon, great bedside manner. Highly recommend, both him and his father! 		4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
69	1	 Dr. Langerman was very professional and eased my pain after 20 years of suffering. I never experieneced long wait times. Soutwest Orthopedic treated me very well.  		4	5	5	Insurance:HealthPartners
69	-1	 Southwest Orthopedics is the worst clinic I have ever been in. My first visit last week consisted of almost an hour and a half of wait time in 2 different waiting rooms. After complaining about a 45 minute wait in the first room, I was moved to an exam room only to wait another 30 minutes. Today I waited 50 minutes before I complained and then saw a PA, someone different than I had seen the previous week. Dr. Langerman evidently schedules too many appointments and then expects his patients to wait. Sorry buddy, I have better things to do than sit in your office. Luckily I am not from here and don't have to put up with this severe lack of customer service on a regular basis. Your methods of providing health services to your patients need to be revamped.  		1	2	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
70	1	commentsDr. Lail is a great chiropractor.  Friendly, knowledgeable and always makes my back and neck feel terrific. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
70	1	 Great Service! my husband has alot of back problems and always gets him in fast and does what ever he can to help him.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
70	1	 Dr. Lail is a wonderful doctor. He makes sure you leave with satisfaction. He will always remember you even if you only visit once a year.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
75	1	.  dr lad is great he gives a ot ofi nof an takes his time with u 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
75	1	commentsDr. Lad is SUPER friendly, polite and patient. Always takes all the time you require and answers all your questions. He recaps and then tells you the options of your treatment and lets you choose. Dr. Lad always calls you personally on lab results and questions. On a scale of 1 to 5 I give Dr. Lad a 10. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
75	1	 Dr. Lad takes his time with you - really listens to what you say.  		5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$20
75	1	 I agree completely with all the above comments. I have been seeing Dr. Lad since he first came to Warren Clinic. He really really listens to what you have to say, explains everything in great detail, and gives you options rather then just giving you something. He is genuine, you can tell he truely cares! By FAR the BEST doctor I have ever seen and I wouldn't go anywhere else.  		5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
75	1	commentsDr. Lad is young but I find him to very knowledgeable and listens to what you have to say. That is a plus as far as I am concerned. 		4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
76	1	comments 	2	1	4	4	Insurance:Unknown
78	0	 PA's and Nurse Practitioner at this office are wonderful! Staff is good. But the older lady that drew my blood left the tourniquet on my arm after pulling the needle out which left me with a HUGE bruise for 2 weeks! Also, they sent my labwork out of network which was another huge expense. But the worst part is the billing department. You have to go through the whole gestapo treatment just to get in and then once you are in, THEY CANNOT BILL CORRECTLY.  And, to quote the office manager, No &quot;It is not their job to call your insurance company and deal with them.&quot; I had to have my insurance company call the office manager directly to try to get her to rebill something correctly. It was a huge hassle and I am still waiting for a refund. So, in spite of competent physicians, at least the city doctors billing staff will work to bill correctly...My family will be leaving for a more competent billing office. I think they are only used to Medicare patients anyway. I see very few young people.  	1	3	1	4	Insurance:Aetna
78	-1	commentsREFUSED to take me as new patient bacause I went to pain doctor.  Guess they only work with healthy patients.&#63;&#63; 	2	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
87	-1	 Dr.Lacky is an arrogant man... He takes pride in what he does but at the same time he doesnt do what needs to be done... He refused my treatment or going further in my diagnosis until I was back to excruciating pain&#63;&#63;&#63; I do not recommend going there...  	3	3	1	2	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
87	1	commentsDr Lackey is the most compassionate Dr I have ever been to. He did delivered my youngest Daughter and did my hysterectomy. I have had no problems during recovery. His staff is super helpful and courteous and he is soooo kind and patient. He never rushes or makes you feel like you have a stupid question. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	 I like his staff. I would say say Dr.Lackey is very short ,and to the point. Friendly ,but a busy man.  	5	5	4	5	Insurance:Medicare
87	-1	commentshorrible office; didn't even get to my appointment due to the unprofessional office 	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Unknown
87	1	 His office always runs on time and respects my time!  I appreciate not waiting!  He is very knowledgable and explains everything in great detail.  Like the only way to know if I have endometriosis is by surgery, not ultrasound!  He is a great surgeon and has taken good care of me.  The staff is great - verified my insurance benefits and called me with the details.   No surprises! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Aetna
87	0	commentsHe told me several times I needed a full hysterecromy.  He told me I had absessing tumors and that I needed to 'remove all that poision from my body&quot;.  He refused to explore any other diagnosis would not look at any other options. He had terrible bedside manner.  He finally told me not to make another appointment unless it was for the surgery.  I went to another doctor who, within secconds of an ultrasound told me I had endometriosis (severe) and that he could remove only the problem areas without removing any of my reproductive system.  He did, and now I am happy to say I am 25 weeks pregnant with our first child.  It's crazy to think that if I listened to him I could have removed any chance I ever had to be a birth mother or make my husband a  birth father. 	3	3	3	3	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	commentsBy far the best dentist I've ever seen. I had a very painful procedure done this morning and she  did a wonderful job at communicating with me and  keeping me calm. Extremely reasonable price and great service. My phobia of  dental procedures can now subside for awhile. Highly recommend! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
92	1	commentsShe is very caring and calmed my daughter who has always been scared of the dentist. She explained everything to me and my daughter. My 8 year old will only see her and noone else. She's very compassionate and she does a great job. 		5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
95	-1	 Something was wrong with Dr. Lackey the day I was in.  He kept nodding off as someone with narcolepsy, offered absolutely no professional opinion on my condition, (gallstones shown on previous imaging)...just seemingly was not present.  I assumed the active patient roll, trying to get any information that would be of value to me, but it was not to be.   At the end of the visit, he said &quot;So you want to schedule a colonoscopy while you're here&#63;&quot;  (Not hardly!) 	3	1	1	1	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
95	1	 excellent doctor and very friendlyand caring staff. had a colonoscopy was treated very well. didnt feel a thing no problems afterward. dr lackey is very knowledgable and knows his stuff.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Pacificare
95	1	 Dr. Lackey is an amazing man. In few words, he saved my life. His nurse, Sherry is also amazing. And his staff is courteous and friendly. His bedside manner is a little different, but the man knows his stuff! He helped me get through some difficult times and has been my advocate through some trying issues with my health. Dr. Lackey is highly recommended in the medical professional world and that's why I chose him. He will get you answers and won't stop until you and he are both satisfied.  Go to him! You will not be disappointed! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
95	-1	commentsCourteous staff.  Doctor was rough during exam and I actually woke up during exam from the pain inflicted.  Had exams elsewhere and never experienced pain.  Doctor seemed indifferent during follow up.  Cannot recommend. 	3	3	2	2	Insurance:Unknown
95	1	 When your sick you dont need nicey nicey you need some one with a brain.....very smart man.  	3	4	4	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
95	1	 A very good Doctor.  So very helpful and caring 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
95	-1	 Due to Dr. Lackeys incompatance, my mother was placed in the hospital for one week. When doctor Lackey was informed that my mother was vomitting blood the he told the nurse to instruct my mother that she would have to get used to vomitting for about 10 days before he would do anything futher. When my mother was placed in the hospital she was only 89 pounds and she is 5'6. When the emergency room tried to get in contact with doctor Lackey they were unsuccessful until the day prior to her leaving the hospital. This doctor does not have a stand in doctor nor any type of way to get into contact with him in the case of an emergancy. It has been very difficult to find another G.I specialist to replace Dr. Lackey because no other doctors want to deal with his prior patients and this has been told to me by the numerous G.I doctors that I have been talking to.  I highly recommend that you avoid this doctor!!! My mother could have died if she would have followed his directions!!! 		2	1	1	Insurance:United Healthcare
95	1	 Saved my life, never a wait, generous w/ meds.  		5	5	5	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue Shield
95	1	.  I found him to be direct, but helpful 		5	4	4	Insurance:Blue Cross / Blue ShieldPaid/Co-pay:$750
95	-1	 Sulky, never on time, had a bad attitude, treated me as if I was nothing.  		1	1	2	Insurance:Medicare
97	-1	 He is a trash Doctor....Can't believe he came from ORU.  He wants to get all this money from Hospice but does no patients any good.  He is all about just getting his Hospice money.  Oral would be very disappointed with him.  	1	1	1	1	Insurance:Medicare
97	1	commentsI can not imagine a more caring and competent doctor. He makes you feel like you are his only patient. He really listens to what you have to say. Awesome! 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
97	1	commentsVery efficient, comfortable attitude. takes the time one needs and answers all questions asked of him. 	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
97	1	 The absolute best physician I have ever had. I changed insurance companies just to stay with him. Listens and takes a personal interest in his patients.  	5	5	5	5	Insurance:Medicare
97	1	commentsDr. Lade always takes time to make each person feel as if they are his only patient Paid/Co-pay:$20	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
97	1	commentsDr, Lade is very caring, attentive, and always provides expert care.  He is also very personable and takes time to LISTEN. 	5	4	5	5	Insurance:Unknown
